Twice as fast or twice as slow, not much in between I find I've got two modes of getting things done: 2x as fast as a neurotypical or 2x as slow.

The former makes people think I'm a genius or something like that. I never really feel like it. It's just when something intrigues me, and I can hyper focus on it, I think a lot about how to do it more efficiently, or shortcuts that I can prove give the same results.

If it's something I find boring, I'll puts around with four out fifty things needed for it, get bored, and start on something else completely unrelated, and not get back to that task until someone asks about it wondering why it's not done yet. I must confound the people I work with when I can simultaneously deliver something ahead of schedule and dawdle on a seemingly simple thing for weeks.  Ugh, my 2000 word assignment for university took me 2 months. A 700 word article for my blog page took me 30 minutes 😭, no in-between.  It’s getting rare to be in that 2x as fast mode for me Does anybody else feel like you either have to go 100% or nothing It's like being a switch. On or off. I need a dimmer mode... Without the two times fast mode I would not have been able to get such a broad spectrum of specialized skills to be able to work in various flavors of work.

The two times as slow is difficult to deal with in all the other parts but I think I wouldn’t trade it away to be the other way.

It’s a more interesting but more troublesome life. The way my brain seems to work is preferring interesting on a very abstract level so the troubles suck but are worth it.  Sometimes it is also this:

Ten times as fast or never Its like... when I am capable of switching modes to clean... you bet your ass the whole house will be spotless unless someone stops me or we take a break and theres no getting back on the horse again. Ive exhausted my bf trying to clean his room together because I go to fast and he wants to take a break Ò_Ó i need him to guide me to where things should go or what piles they belong in and there are no breaks unless you want me to be finished for the rest of the day. 

Most other times Im sluggish but physical tasks are my jam if I get in the zone. Usually people cant be home because they will get in my way.  I like your metaphor and after a quick thinking about it, I’m always 2x. Even when I’m ‘0’ im 2x in punishing myself for being ‘0’ Yep the inconsistentency is well frustrating for me and others!  Oh how true.  Time.  It’s always time with ADHD.  I think when my internal clock got made, my genes were so confused they made their own sense of time, which doesn’t work for shit or help in any way in the real world.   I know this pain all too well. Except when I'm in 2x fast mode, people just assume I couldn't have done a good job or, even worse, they assume I'm anxious and/or overwhelmed. Even if they have no reason to believe so and the quality is consistently decent. Had a boss once who decided I was doing my projects too fast (even though they were done correctly) because I was "clearly overwhelmed". I thought I was just being super productive when this would happen and would be feeling uncharacteristically good about myself and my work. It was probably higher quality than normal because it usually meant I was hyperfocused. But he'd take all the work out of my inbox on my desk and make me come to his desk, get a work order and bring it back to him when I was finished for the next one. It was awful and humiliating. Because I have that, I always wanted to say this to myself as a Knuckle Puck fan: ["Wall to freaking Wall, Procrastination! Twice the effort, half the outcome!"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVRGsgeLIT4) I know exactly what you mean. Sad part is the only things that interest me on my leisure time dont really help me. I'm a preschool teacher though so having ADHD I swear helps me keep up with the kids. But sometimes.... when I try to ground them... ha who am I fooling?  Continuous struggle. At random days I seem to be able to rev up on demand and keep a constant flow of focus, with little effort.  But then it's followed by 2 or 3 days of total inability to focus on ther easiest of tasks. More so, I find myself focusing on trivial details in needless tasks. And I'd have to visit the one task I'm expected to accomplish a few times just to get it done.  Soooo true! I guess I'm like my dog in that way - she has two speeds, high and off :P This happens to me all the time. The meds I am on make me go on overdrive and I’m on the lowest possible dose. I wish I could find a better solution  I screw with people at work constantly because of this. "I need you to get x,y,z done" Me: "What? That stuff was done hours ago, get on my level" Also me: "I totally forgot that was a thing" And even after it won't get done until I'm reminded like 3 more times or it becomes an issue. This is my life in a nutshell. I'm either 1000000 million miles an hour, or fully stopped.   


People asking me why something is not done yet is literally the only way I get started and done on something. Damn. You just described my life. I'm either 2 times as fast or / -2 as slow.

{Never been tested or diagnosed with ADHD} Wow me too exactly. Thanks for writing this.  Same! I always say I only have two speeds: 0 and 90.  This is me when I’m at work....I prep produce/hamburgers every morning and I can prep the burgers 2-3x faster than everyone, then when it comes to prepping the produce I feel like it takes me 2-3x longer than everyone else lol. For me its the same with everything, either 20% or 120%. Ive noticed it especially with my energy level. Im either very tired or adhd-stereotype-hyper and cant stop for a sec Here’s the twice as fast:

[https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperfocus](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperfocus) Don't think I have ADHD but this sounds like me Very nice  Same here!  The "seemingly simple" thing hits home so hard. The easiest things take me the longest. 

Probably because I know that the barrier to entry mentally is so much lower that I don't want to waste the headspace I will need to muster just to get the big things started. I'm a cloud engineering consultant that struggles to fill in my timecards every two weeks and regularly get emails regarding them. A university assignment like that can take me a few hours with enough coffee/monster and a near enough deadline. 

Edit: link! What they said 👇 I usually spend days trying to write a simple 2-3 page essay but one of my proudest essays was when I took 1 night to write 11 pages for a paper that only needed to be 5 pages long. Wish I could choose when to have that motivation and focus link!
 I have one that has taken me 3 years..... Yet to be done and 1000% won't be accepted but I still believe I'll do it :'(

Edit: 2000 words also..........  Same here.  Any thoughts on why? Uggh, this! 

&#x200B;

That's half the reason I procrastinate sometimes. I just know that getting myself revved up to full capacity is way more work than a simple task deserves, so it doesn't get done. I can't do 20 percent. I can't do 80 percent. I wish I could, since it would make it much easier to meet life's demands.

&#x200B;

Honestly, if anyone has a good suggestion for dealing with this, I'm all ears. I only have 3 modes, 120% and then I collapse afterwards, or just faffing around. Absolutely. It's why I waste entire days after clinic not doing any work for class (or not using downtime at clinic to study), because I am le tired, so I won't be getting all that much out of it, so what's the point in doing anything at all? When, really, a little every day would chip away so much more efficiently, lol.  
  
But I feel the 100% or nothing the strongest with being social. If I'm kind of tired, or hungry, or have a headache, whatever, I want to completely cancel my social plans. I don't get out much anyway, and this is probably a big reason why. :/ Adderall. Sets it to about 2/3 speed for everything for about 8 hours. That's exactly what we're missing though.  Executive function, more fine grained control of ourselves. Was college worse than employment for you or was it around the same

Asking because I'm in college I came to write the same. But made too many different drafts, gave up eventually, came back and saw your post. So... you saved me. Thanks! My apartment is either gross or super clean. It's very hard to have it be in the middle i feel that second part so so hard Same! I gets this. I've forgotten time sheets, not been paid, couldn't pay rent, got evicted. I have two degrees. Even my family is like what the heck! https://wordpress.com/post/mymessedupmind.blog/1220 I basically talk about how to organise better and stop procrastination even though I don't know how to organise or stop procrastinating myself and can't even take my own advice but enjoy anyway lol!  Ah man :/. That's kind of like the books I'm reading. I'll read some of them and then forget they exist but I'm determined to finish them one day.  The first thing that comes to mind is lack of inspiration. As we grow older it's harder to find inspiration in life because everything feels mundane. I don't know about you, but when I'm invested in something I go all in, whether it be a project I'm working on or something just randomly clikcs in my mind. It's really hard to become invested in things however when most things feel forced. dissatisfaction?

generally speaking i don't go into overclock unless im happy and feel fulfilled Ugh, this honestly resonates with me way too hard. It is how I justify piling up a ton of chores/tasks all for one day. People are constantly asking me " I don't understand why you wouldn't just regularly look after (Insert task) then you wouldn't have such a big job!" But it's so hard knowing I can just hyper focus one day when I am in the mood and slam it all out. When I start something and I am not totally into it, it's insanely easy to end up completely abandoning it. I'm in this boat too For me, it was to just get interested in everything, but that's a double edged sword. That also means everything becomes that much more distracting, and that can be problematic for even the things I'm interested in because it means that if there's a delay in something I'm doing, especially due to something out of my control, it's much more likely I'll get pulled off task. Unfortunately for me any of this class of meds are banned in use. Have to do with methylphenidate and modafinil only.😪 College was much worse for me. My career is in something I want to do, so while some tasks of my job roll at the “2x as slow” rate, most of it runs at a rate I’m satisfied with and keeps my mind interested and working. It’s all because I /want/ to do it, though. In college, there was so much pressure with deadlines and HAVING to do something, I lost all will to complete anything. My experience though.  Nothing I had to go through in school was anything like I did for my self.
The things I actually liked doing, on my own, where accelerated by the ADHD but in school, even tho the topic would probably be of interest for me just not in the form it’s presented in school, there was a huge block in my subconscious/mind to realy do anything without pressure to do something different arise.

Dispite fact school wasn’t to much of a thing for me I’m very able to work in software development, audio engineering and as a magician /hypnosis artist (funny peak in randomness). They often required a much more structured way of work and abstracter thinking than school yet no problems arose there, the opposite was true a very quick understanding and ability to pull information from a broad almost random seeming pool of knowledge duo to the ADHD allowed me to learn a lot of things faster and more efficient than other people without, I think.

Starting to understand what’s happening in my brain in my mid 20s was a huge help in accelerating the things we got which others don’t, Hyperfocus, utilizing the ability to quickly jump between different topics without needing to much adoption time, being able to be a bit more mindless. (which has its bad sites), etc.

But school was pure horror with me wanting to do good but without me understanding why not being able to. 
But a lot of those corners where purely school/system(no hate) related. 

It’s different but worth I think. No trouble :-) and yes, this happens to me too sometimes, that i get so caught up in choosing my words and shaping up the flow of thoughts that eventually i just delete half of or everything and pass on posting :-/ This is how my room is only because my mom is super meticulous about the order of the house. Except my room. She gave up a long time ago. She pretends to gag when she walks around in it. My room isnt dirty just horribly disorganized and scattered. Unless the anxiety kicks in and I have no other distractions i will clean out of anxiety and having no way of calming myself. It helps a little until I run out of things to clean.  Aint that a life story.

It's like writing an essay on healthy eating whilst you eat 2KG chocolate for breakfast. I agree.  The older I get, the more difficult it is to find things novel and interesting.  I got really into poker for about a year. Unfortunately, there aren't casinos near me, so I found a bunch of bars that have a free poker night where the winner gets free drinks or a gift card or something. All my friends and close family knew I really liked poker, and now when they bring it up I'll be surprised to even be reminded of it. I think the second part of this is that I've taught myself that the inspiration won't go anywhere, so it's difficult to convince me to get started when that inspiration is squashed early. IF I POST IT WITH THE ! THEY ARE GOING TO THINK I AM AN IDIOT, BUT IF I DO IT WITH THE . THEN THEY THINK I HAVE NO EMOTIONS AND ARE TOTALLY FLAT, AND FU... JUST... bah, nm... 

&#x200B;

The tiniest thing. :P 