Student drops an AMAZING truth bomb in middle school— I wish I had his bravery. Back story: I teach Grade 7. I also have ADHD, which is why I follow this subreddit. It definitely gives me a unique perspective when working with students, and working with my own stuff. 

Yesterday, I was delivering a lesson on the importance of words and why I hate the word “retard”, along with other words that are used as insults while being degrading to whole groups of people. 

This student I’ve had for two years raised his hand and what he had to say brought a tear to my eye. Here it is: 

“I’ve been called that word a lot of times by some other people at school. It’s because I do some stuff that people find weird sometimes, even though I can’t help it. It turns out, I was recently diagnosed with ADHD and it really sucks when you are called a name for something you can’t change”. 

I had tears welling in my eyes and a frog in my throat, but I was so taken by surprise by this 12 year old’s wisdom that I couldn’t speak. 

Today, I stopped him before he came to my class to tell him how brave I think he is. I told him how important it is for his peers to see other people and their struggles so they can understand better. 

He told me then that he could barely get out his words because he could feel himself cry. I told him that I thought he sounded so strong and he has an amazing way with words. 

I’m just floored today. I thought I’d share with this community. I still don’t really have words.  Awesome! Both of you. Keep supporting kids like that and you'll be the one they remember forever.  If it wasn’t for information and privacy acts, I would post some of his poetry. This kid is amazing.  Children are our future. Guide them to excellence no matter the disability.  What a sweet little boy. This gave me goosebumps and made my heart melt. I'm sure you already know what your patience and understanding means to him given your shared struggles. I had a teacher that reached out to me when I was in primary school, and I will never forget her. RIP Darla Watkins Have you ever felt being on auto-pilot? 
I’m consciously trying to not be on auto-pilot.

Like I suppose the same happens with most people with ADHD, we either get lost in our own world in seconds to jumping off walls (figuratively speaking) to doing both! 

Everything is in a rush and there’s way too much information to digest than there is to chew.  Amazing! My heart was touched reading this. Does he know that you have adhd? I'm betting that he could have someone close to him with adhd to look up to.  Aww so beautiful thank you for sharing. Sounds like that kid will make a big difference in the world just like you do How do you handle marking as someone with adhd?  Gah!! 😪 that’s soooo powerful. My kid gets picked on or doesn’t get picked to play with at school and we share the same struggles. Wish I could give this kid a hug. Thank you for being an awesome teacher and making the time to tell him your admiration. Love this!!!  This gave me so much courage. I am praying for you and your students! I hope he goes far in life. Sounds like a great kid! The guts on that kid. I hate how much guts that kind of statement requires - it shouldn't be a big deal, but in our judgmental society, it is.  I wish I had a teacher like you. Keep up the good work! This is amazing, thanks for sharing op! And thank you for being a thoughtful and understanding teacher ❤️ I can say I can't remember a single thing another student ever said or did. BUT I can remember almost every teacher and the negative comments. I can say I only had two teachers that where positive and encouraging to me.  It’s not something I advertise to all students, parents or coworkers just because I don’t want it to be people see when they look at me. 

I do tell students one on one when it comes up naturally. I don’t tell them as a secret. I just say it like “ I’ve been to Vancouver before”. 

I want students to see it’s not something to be sorry for, or to be embarrassed about, but also that it’s just one part of them, not the whole of them  Thanks now I've got wet eyes. I'm not crying, you're crying. I just have emotion leaking from the weird holes in my head.. ok!?! I wonder if it's easy to relate because of ADHD, but I'm certain the bar for emotions is very low, which is why I was too touched by this story, just like you were and he was. Weird? Thank you for having these conversations with your students and obviously giving this young man a safe space to speak his mind.  You are an inspiration and will surely be remembered by your students as and amazing teacher and person.  Are you allowed to tell him you have ADHD? Or are you comfortable with it? At my university, some professors would ask students to answer some questions relating to things they like in the classroom vs their struggles and what the professor should know about them. I always said that I have ADHD and like to stay involved, but don’t like being put on the spot unless I raise my hand. One of my professors emailed me later on to tell me she doesn’t usually tell students that she also has ADD. I’ve always felt a special connection with that professor. She still made me work hard for my grades, but I felt more understood.  He’s going to remember you forever. Like damn, you’re a good teacher. 

I’ve never taught kids but I did teach a college course and found my grading and organization super challenging. 

I imagine it’s even crazier for you with a full week, full time schedule and likely more students with more assignments? 

**You’re a rockstar, is what I’m saying, even if it’s tough sometimes. And you created the kind of classroom where that student felt comfortable saying those things. I think you get a teensy bit of credit, teach.** One of the coolest posts on this sub ever, imo. Bravo and thank you for sharing. Wow. Thank you for this. This is so, so important. 

I recently went through a rough time this summer as I started to see too many negative things about my ADHD. My mental state caused me to view all these traits I had so negatively, and I didn't know what to do with myself. I questioned my own self worth, and would constantly view myself as "wasted potential".

Words cannot express how important this topic is for ADHD. People can view ADHD as this funny thing people have where they get distracted every so often. But what people don't realize is that it's still a serious mental condition, and the struggles that come with it are undeniable, and no one can help it. It affects us every single day. Conversations are different. Simple daily tasks become huge deals. Things that come naturally to others, we have to work extra hard on. If I didn't get diagnosed at a young age, I would barely be able to comprehend whats wrong with me, and why I'm like this. 

Again, thank you. That kids going to grow up to become an articulate and caring person. What a wonderful kid - and you are an amazing teacher.  Kids drop truth like no one else. We can learn so much from them.  Even in my limited experience it's interesting the stuff some of those kids see and think about, and the way they articulate it.   

I had a black student in 7th grade come talk to me privately because another student was saying extremely disrespectful things about a certain group of people and I was just floored.  This generation of kids is gonna do so much to destigmatize mental illness! Thank you for doing your part to lead them. <3 Thank You!
 <3  Soooo rad I made a meme out of this (hope it's okay, you did a good job of making sure he couldn't be easily identified). Thank you for sharing. <3 Whelp got my morning tears in! Very nice story, thank you for sharing! This is so sweet I really wish I had a teacher growing up that understood how much ADHD affected me. I had several teachers that were amazing to me and had a big influence, but none that quite realized how hard I was trying or how successful I could have been if allowed to focus on my passions, like writing, art, music, and chemistry. This kid is so lucky to have you and I think you are lucky to have him, too. Good luck to you both! Give him a hug from me  As a diagnosed adult ADHD writer who was an undiagnosed ADHD kid writer, who thinks often and fondly of every teacher who supported my writing and me along the way, thank you. True words, what a wise young man, parents and teachers ought to be proud and encourage this kind of outspokenness That is an amazing kid in your class! I very much understand your dislike for certain words. I used to use the word retard all the time, mostly when being self-deprecating. I really dislike that it is such an ingrained part of speech in my society. 

I finally figured out a way to drop using it. I didn’t even notice that I was doing it, but one day I just noticed it was gone from my speech. 

I am a fan of JRR Tolkien, and one of my favorite parts in LOTR is when Pippin throws a rock in Moria and accidentally wakes the Balrog. Gandalf says to him, something along the lines of “fool of a Took! Throw yourself in next time! Then you will be of no more nuisance!” I’m too lazy to look up the actual quote. Sorry. 

Anyway, I have completely replaced using the words retard, idiot, etc., with the phrase “fool-of-a-Took.” I forget to grab the over due library books on my way out of the house, going TO the library. I say to myself “you fool of a Took! You left the books!” 

The kids decide to jump on a dangerous board that could break and hurt them. I yell “don’t be fools-of-Tooks, you two! You’ll get hurt doing that!” 

When I finally noticed I had done this replacement, I was so tickled with myself.  I hope my silly story is a help to anyone.  [removed] I love the word retard, retarded, 'tard, tardcart. I'm taking them all back. Along with Windowslicker & spazz. This is just a nitpick... punctuation (except for dashes, semicolons, and colons) always go inside the quotation marks (at least in American English). I assume you're American because you said, "Grade 7," instead of, "year 7." I know the Brits don't do that, but they're dumb. Meh kids calling kids with adhd retards is pretty far fetched. It’s not like some other mental disorders where it’s glaringly obvious  FYI someone started cutting onions in my house right around when your post finished. Thanks for sharing. What if you *ask* him whether you might share his poems and *get consent* firsz from him, and then hopefully from his parents too? -- you don't have to disclose his name after all. That's so awesome! One thing you might be able to do is encourage him to publish them, even under a pen name. If he has a full collection of works, even a small unpublished one, as long as it's organized under one title he could pay like 35 bucks and file for a copyright online! Then if he published it now or later (or never) he'd have the protection and ability to exercise legal control over his work.  Man!! Wish I could read some of them. Keep on the encouragement! Maybe one day I’ll get to read them in a book.  Encourage him to publish! 7th grade me wishes that for 7th grade him. Show them all the beauty they possess inside?  People with ADHD,Autism, Asperger’s and etc are the future and not neurotypical(im not the one who say it, history tells that). Same mine was St Sue O'Neal. What she said to me is still as valid today as when I ended up in her office. Never let someone or something other than you decide your future. Your contribution may be smaller but that doesn't mean it is less valid than anyone else. Remember you decide your future in the little details and one of the best decisions you made today was sticking up your hand  and asking for help. Never be afraid to ask for help but remember No is a reasonable answer even from yourself. She was a  wise women of strength. Medication has helped me huge with being on auto-pilot. Sometimes my hyper focus keeps me on a task wayyy longer than it should but I feel more in control now  There’s an interesting set of ethical dilemmas around disclosure from a professional role. I am a doctor and personally I have told senior nurses and such that I work with and one or two trainee doctors but would not tell patients. I guess similar considerations come into play as a teacher.   The last few years I’ve worked in a cycle of all or nothing. I won’t mark anything for a while. Then, the guilt of the students working but not hearing anything back would eat at me and stress me out until I felt I was about to explode, only to be stuck spending a whole weekend doing it.

Then, I couldn’t bring myself to mark all weekend and would do effectively nothing on Friday, nothing on Saturday and be extra stressed while marking all day Sunday. 

Luckily, in my school division, we don’t need to mark every single assignment, just the ones we deem to be “sum of their learning”. So, I would never have two hours of marking every night. 

Marking is one of the most stressful parts of my job only because I procrastinate and can’t bring myself to do it on the regular. So far, this school year my meds have been helping me focus through it.  Do you mean grading? American here. I mean obviously you mean marking but is that what I’d call grading? Same here! I'll join you. 😊 Did you tell this student? It seems like it would be a really good thing to bond over but also show him he's not alone. 

I think you're doing amazing things for your students. Thank you. <3  I just hope it’s not something that paints him in a bad light. Can I see it?  Lul >takes bravery and i sympathize with that kid but society is ruthless. you have to hide your disorder. 

Why do you think society is like this? I agree with you that it can be ruthless but most of the hate that gets thrown around is because of ignorance and self interest. What this kid did was shed some light for others to see what it's like and while it won't have done much in the grand scheme of things if he changed even one person's mind then I think it was worth it. I'm not saying go out there and tell everyone you meet about it. Hiding it might be an appropriate or only short term solution for a given situation, but in the long run it doesn't actually help how we're viewed by society.

>imagine this. shitting your pants as an adult is TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE!  

Imagine saying that to someone who can't control their bowels. You know how it feels, I know you do. It's not their choice to be that way but they have to live their lives, too.

>Even if you can't help it! you won't have many friends or a girlfriend.

If you have friends or a girlfriend that are only there because they think you don't shit your pants (or have ADHD) then they aren't worth having as a friend or girlfriend anyway. This is called self respect.

>it is an unfortunate situation but you have to deal with it either,
>
>A. find meds that stop you from shitting your pants
>
>or B. know when you start shitting your pants and go to the bathroom to hide it.
>
>same with adhd either take meds or know when your adhd moments occur and hide them like the plaugue!

Why not: B. Know when you start shitting your pants (display symptoms of ADHD), apologise to affected parties, and explain that your actions are part of a mental disorder that you have no control over and that whatever it was that you did is not something you would chose to do.

Don't hide it. Own it. Reappropriation I was under the understanding that when quoting just a word, either as a quote or for emphasis, you don’t punctuate within quotation marks. Thanks for sharing. 

Edit: I’m Canadian. A lot of grammar and spelling is a mish mash of British and American standards  The other kids didn’t know he had ADHD. They just see that he talks non-stop about stuff like his fidget toys and will tell the same joke over and over... sometimes he even makes sounds he thinks are funny but they are used at inappropriate times. To them, that makes him “weird”, not someone with ADHD. 

No one teaches middle schoolers about ADHD, autism, Down syndrome, or learning disabilities. They may not be there cognitively to understand the complexity of these conditions, unless they’ve been diagnosed or they have someone in their families that have been diagnosed. There are even students at the school who have been diagnosed but their parents refuse to tell them, whether it be high-functioning autism spectrum disorder or ADHD. 

Because the kids at school don’t understand and sometimes aren’t self-aware enough to say something like “hey, you are bothering me. Do you mind stopping?” they lash out instead. Last year he cried to me about his issues on the bus with another student calling him names. Another time it was at a sleep-away camp field trip. These kids use these words— sometimes improperly or because they don’t know what else to say, but they definitely use them. If you walk down a middle school hallway, you will definitely see it’s not far-fetched  Might be better to encourage him to post it himself, or the parents to post it with him... though reddit certainly has its +s and -s.  Overall this group seems to be ok here at r/adhd ;-).
 I didn’t know this but I will definitely look into it. Our poetry unit comes up in November/December and if it’s anything like last year, he’ll have a whole book full.  A sense of pride is important too. I actually believe that all people are the future, irrespective of their brain peculiarities.  I have ADHD and autism ayeeee Yep, some hypothesize that it’s an evolutionary step.  I suppose the swath of information makes us go into auto-pilot mode.I work in tech, I joke with my friend that my brain and thoughts are like am almost-crashing-website, everytime.

I'm on the opposite spectrum...I require hyper-focus, I do well with it. I haven't got that enough lately, I'm consciously trying to get to it. I have too! So I've been successful at it, hoping for more!  


Unlike websites, I can't shut down my brain or let it be on hold for a while. Do you have a link with these dilemmas? 

For me it would be a question of need to know and if it's helpful. Back when I had patients (gone back to school) I would be as inclined to talk about my adhd as why I had glases, there wasn't any reason for them to know and it would just shift the focus to me.  So pretty much exactly like most of us would handle it  Yeah, the act of reviewing homework and tests etc. My parents are teachers and do it almost 2 hours a night, couldn't imagine that kind of nightmare.  [Of course](https://imgur.com/ZhAdqH3) I should have linked it to begin with, my apologies. [removed] again you want society to accomodate you the real world does not work like that you have to accomodate society.

it sucks but i paid the price for not doing that I only Googled it because I knew one friend who did such a thing when I was was in school a dozen years back. So you'll want to look into it more, but try copyright.gov to start. I found [this page](https://www.copyright.gov/circs/factsheet.html) to be pretty helpful. Especially FL 106 - Copyright of Poetry (or something like that).

Best of luck to you both!  and accomplishment. The theory I heard was we were a throwback to hunter-gatherer needs. No link from me but yes I think you’ve summed it up well. My mentor has told me to think about the purpose of my disclosure for the other person. I was very moved by this thread. All the best. I long term subbed an English class for six months. Every assignment was peer checked for mistakes, then put in a folder to be turned in after each unit. All assignments therein were credit/no credit. Worked out really well. Scantron made grading tests easy enough. 

What didn’t work out well were grading essays and essay portions of tests. Took me weeks every damn time.  I love it! Thanks for sharing!  TIL some people actually think political correctness is a good thing 🤮 What if you don't give a rat's ass if people see you as annoying? I'm 35, I don't give a shit what others think about me, and I probably never will. I'm autistic and I have ADHD, and I'm not going to hide that. People who don't like it can take a flying fuck at a rolling doughnut.  The shitting pants part was what made me lul The real world does not work like that right now for us in particular but look at how far other groups have come with their struggles. Over time society will learn. Things like what this boy did will help.

You paid the price, so have I, and many others here have as well, too. The thing to realise here is that we shouldn't have had to - no one ever should for something they can't control. Teaching society to not look down on us as if we are a sub class of human beings or undesirables is not us seeking accomodation, it's us seeking acceptance. I’m curious how that theory goes. Can you elaborate? As a doctor or therapist or teacher we always need to remember that the other is not there for our benefit but for what we can give them.  

A doctor in my old team once told me that we can run any test we like to satisfy our curiosity but it's the patient who needs to live with the results. Ie don't do anything that isn't necessary to make a diagnosis.  Um... what? Why would you come into a thread about not using a word that hurts people to make this comment?  Eat shit.  [removed] oh ok lol :) I'm sorry I was so late, for some reason my phone stopped giving me notifications.

I googled "attention deficit hunter gatherer" and there's a number of different articles. Start with wiki, I guess!

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hunter_vs._farmer_hypothesis Wise words  Then I'll get eaten alive. I do what I want. Interesting! I can definitely see that. Also I forgot I was in ADHD reddit and not Autism reddit so I misspoke. Autism is what I’ve read to be an evolutionary process. In my house the two go hand in hand. Thanks for sharing that and ringing a bell to what I meant. 

On a related note: Don’t you just wish people could understand what you mean when you don’t say what you mean? I certainly do.  Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hunter_vs._farmer_hypothesis
***
^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^214755 **Hunter vs. farmer hypothesis**

The hunter vs. farmer hypothesis is a proposed explanation of the nature of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) first suggested by radio host Thom Hartmann in his book Attention Deficit Disorder: a Different Perception. This hypothesis proposes that ADHD represents a lack of adaptation of members of hunter-gatherer societies to their transformation into farming societies. Hartmann developed the idea first as a mental model after his own son was diagnosed with ADHD, stating, "It's not hard science, and was never intended to be." However, more recent molecular and clinical research has given support to a genetic theory of ADHD arising from evolutionary adaptation.Hartmann notes that most or all humans were nomadic hunter-gatherers for hundreds of thousands of years, but that this standard gradually changed as agriculture developed in most societies, and more people worldwide became farmers.

***

^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&message=Excludeme&subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/ADHD/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^]
^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28 [removed] Oh yes. 

I'll have to search on autism in particular. Another thing I've wondered about is ASMR (Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response). They've done brain scans of people who experience frissons (tingles) from certain sensory stimuli and the description of how an ASMR-receptive person's brain reacts reminded me of ADD brains. The science is just beginning, but jumping to wild theorizing--I wonder if ADD tending people are the same as ASMR people? [deleted] I don't give a shit what he thinks anyway, lol. I'm me, and I'm happy, and if someone else isn't, that's their issue, not mine.  i'm not being mean i'm telling the truth.  