ADHD in grad school - to tell or not to tell? I'm a second year student with relatively severe ADHD in a top social sciences doctoral program. I only say "top" to indicate that the expectations are high and invariably met by most students. Apparently, I am not "most students." While my grades are fine and I am making appropriate (but not stellar by any means) progress in the program, I habitually arrive and turn in projects in late. I know that others have taken notice: my advisor just emailed to chastise me over turning in my final paper late, mentioning that he knows this was a problem last semester as well. Essentially, he wants a reason for why this keeps happening.

I am seriously considering telling him I have ADHD. I do not by any means want to turn my ADHD into in an excuse, however, I know that it absolutely affects my performance. While the quality of work I produce is good enough, it takes me forever and a day to produce it.

My primary reason for telling him is comprehensive exams: our program utilizes a series of six, 2-hour essay-style exams for which people usually write 8+ pages each. I for a fact know that I cannot match that, and am wondering if it may be necessary to apply for accomodations. This is really killing me inside...any advice?? As a 2nd year PhD student myself, working for two of the top researchers in my field and also struggling (we just postponed a grant submission for the third time, though reasonably this was the only time it was my fault) - I have chosen not to disclose my ADHD. I’m not sure what type of science you’re in, but I’m in a relatively niche/small field. Personal recommendations and person-to-person networking are huge, and once something like that gets out there - you can never take it back. ADHD is still highly stigmatized in academia. Even though I highly suspect my current advisor would be very receptive, I can’t guarantee she won’t happen to mention it to another colleague and that it would follow me for my entire not-yet-established career.

I do tend to use specific symptoms to explain to my advisor where I’m struggling and how I could use some help. In particular, I struggle estimating how long things will take. I tend to hastily make promises that I can “have this to you by tomorrow” when it’s like a 6-hour project and I clearly have 5 other things to do. So I’ve 1) started setting stopwatches to help learn how long things take, and 2) asked my advisor to review my timelines for projects to make sure they seem realistic (I.e., I’m not promising 6-months of work in 1-month). 

For professor, I tend to use honest, but specific excuses. “I’m sorry I don’t have this done on time. Honestly, I just poorly estimated my time this week / got caught up on research rather than homework / etc. Its something I’ve been struggling with all semester and I’m working on some new strategies” 

Fortunately for me, I test very well. So I’m not worried about comp’s at all. The long-term time management of my dissertation, however.... very worried. 


TL;DR - it’s a personal decision, but one I feel is too risky in my field, so I address it indirectly by being honest about my symptoms rather than using the ADHD label As someone else said, you are entitled to accommodations but those accommodations vary from program to program. Some are far more useful than others, but I'd look into it.

Obviously this is your call, but I'd probably tell your professor. Looking at it from the perspective of the professor, he's probably assuming he's got another student who will flunk out of the program because they're not serious or whatever. I know that is a big assumption on my part to make, but if he's working with doctoral students he's probably tenured or tenure-track and has thus worked with a lot of students in the past; he's seen it all, suffice to say. Some professors just won't give two shits if you have ADHD, a family member died during the semester, your car broke down so you're late, etc., but most want to see students succeed.

ADHD is not an excuse and any professor worth their salt will recognize that. Everyone learns and produces work differently, at their own paces, and academia often tries to refine this process down to a one-size-fits-all sort of deal which just doesn't work. If you do end up talking to him about your ADHD, I'd likewise try and offer some solutions/ways to advance in the program. I'm not saying like, magically fix your ADHD (we'd all like that) but just set small goals that your professor can take note of so he can see you are making progress, whatever said 'progress' may be. If I were you, I would let him know. I'm working as a teacher and I have ADHD and Aspergers. As soon as I got my diagnosises earlier this year I told all of my immidiate coworkers and my bosses. 

I made sure to explain that it wasn't something meant to be used as an excuse for anything, but as an explanation of any 'odd' behaviour or me asking for assistance with tasks I find challenging that an average teacher handles with relative ease.

My coworkers thanked me for me putting enough confidence in them to tell them and my boss anked me to let her know if there was anything I'd like support with at work.  Following. I'm looking into doctoral programs for next year and hadn't even considered leveraging my disability for the comps. Of course, it's a sensitive topic and should be handled strategically.   


Sorry not to provide any advice, but I wanted to express that I can relate to your experiences! I personally found comfort knowing that I'm not the only grad student with ADHD.  Register with department of disability accommodations. It covers your professors for allowing you extra time (it’s not just favoritism). I don’t know what kind of graduate program you are in. Some are more understanding than others but you are legally entitled to accommodations.  Definitely apply for accommodations!
As far as the prof goes... I would not tell him. Everyone has their own opinion of a.d.d, and until someone lives with it they never truly understand the struggle. So as you stated he may look at it as an excuse. Also, people tend to begin inherently disliking others they deem to be slacking off. It makes them bitter, and over time he may not be able to see you in any other light. 

If anything just apologize and let your prof know you are applying for accommodations but dont give him specifics.  Personally would not disclose.  I'm in grad school myself and had to take a semester off only explained health issues. It's tricky navigating these Waters. Best of luck. This is very helpful, thanks for your perspective. I'm also in a very small/niche field, and this has me quite worried. I've scheduled an appointment with my advisor to discuss the situation, but am now unsure whether or not to disclose, for the reasons you've mentioned.  Excellent advice.   Ultimately, it needs to be what you feel most comfortable with! If you feel that’s there’s no way you can complete your degree without extra accommodations, then worrying about the negative stigma that may follow you through your PhD-dependent-future-career is a moot point. 

Good luck! and always remember that you are a wonderful, valid, intelligent human being - no matter how hard grad school tries to tear you down! You got there for a reason!  