I’ve switched schools three times, changed my major at least 4 times, withdrawn classes because I couldn’t stay motivated, and now I’m in nursing school and work at a hospital. To others who are going through the same things I’ve went through,

I know how hard it is to stay motivated and to finish something. You may not know this but ADHD can cause depression so don’t be fooled by only taking antidepressants and not looking into other solutions. 

You’re not a failure and we can try to make the best of our life with the right tools. Whether that be a great support system, therapy, or medication. 

I literally didn’t think I could be this consistent with my life ever until I started taking Vyvase. I don’t want to advocate that medication is the only way because I’m speaking only from my experience. But I was literally stuck inside the ground for a long long time. I’m 23 now, and most of my friends already graduated. So I understand how it feels to be that person. I’ve been in psych wards twice because of how down I felt as a person and how disappointing I probably was to everyone. 

So for me to post this, I really want others to believe that it is possible to see some type of positive results if you really want to find the right resources. Everyone deserves happiness and it sucks that a lot of us don’t know why we are the way we are. 

Until I was 23, I didn’t even think about ADHD. My ex was diagnosed and he always shamed me for even suggesting I had some symptoms too-probably because he was abusive and controlling. So if you think you have even few symptoms, it can’t hurt to talk to a professional about them! 


 Hey how is nursing for you? That’s my plan right now and I’m terrified of making a small (but fatal) mistake... I was the "perfectly average student" throughout my first stink in education. Got B (and a few A's), managed to graduate university on time (with an average grade), and no one was even suspecting of ADHD. They just marked it down as laziness and procrastination. 

I ended up graduation with a degree I knew nothing about, terrified to enter the professional world or even post-graduation education in case the same thing happened. Which basically left me severely depressed and feeling like a complete failure. My mental health completely tanked, and I ended up getting a dx of BPD, which basically limited everyone's ability to take me seriously when I was talking about things that would suggest ASD or ADHD. 

I'm 24 now, just diagnosed with ADHD (this week actually) and the psychiatrist that I seen also noticed ASD tendancies within my answers and behaviour. She's making sure I get referred to the appropriate people, and is going to start me on medication for the ADHD. 

I'm now studying a subject I love (computer science) and about to start medication. For the first time in my life, I feel like things are going to improve and change, and that I'm actually going to stop my job hopping, finally learn to drive, and manage to actually function in my every day life.  Posts like this remind me how beneficial it can be to stay connected to a community when you have a disorder. My experience is so similar to yours and I'm just so happy to see someone coming from a perspective I recognize getting to a good place. I think a lot of other people would be encouraged by this as well. You're 23. I have friends who're in their 30's and still plugging along on their degrees. Anyone who's got a problem with you continuing your education at 23 can go fuck themselves. Don't be fooled by the fallacy of everyone else having it together- it's absolute bollocks. Keep up the good work.  I think clinical work like nursing can be a great choice for people with ADHD. Depends exactly what you are doing, of course, but the work is often fast paced and very "immediate" - you don't really have a lot of planning to do as clinic lists are already in place or emergency patients come through the door etc. And there is no leeway to procrastinate as the patient is there in front of yo uand needs treating. 

I spent 10 years in clinical haem/onc, really enjoyed it and it has opened doors into lots of other jobs. 

Good luck with your studies! Congrats on finding nursing! You are joining a field full of people with ADHD. I am so happy I found nursing too because it is an environment where I can actually thrive. I hope you find the field of nursing best for you! > so don't be fooled by only taking antidepressants and not looking into other solutions.

Thank you for pointing this out. I have a very similar background: switched majors twice + two minors > lived in various countries right out of undergrad > law school > jumped ship into an MBA after my 2nd year of law school > back to law school this year > worked in 4 different areas of law in 2 years of grad school. I can not emphasize how important it is to do more than get diagnosed and take your meds!!! Theres so much more to what we deal with than just the medication.

It's imperative to those of us with ADHD to not just use medicine to help, but also to be super intentional about our responsibilities and schedules, which is hard to do without the right tools (often obtained through therapy). Without the proper strategy to manage my lack of focus and time management skills, I had the same problems I did before I got medicated, I was just able to focus better on the distractions. I found myself working in areas that I genuinely enjoyed, but ended up leaving because I was so unable to focus or manage my workload that I crumbled under the responsibility. It's only now that I'm developing those skills with a therapist/executive coach that Im finding what I enjoy most.

Stories like yours give me hope! I got diagnosed at 27 and it's still a battle, but its getting better. Keep up the hard work OP and good luck with your nursing program! I could have written this, this has been my experience with Vyvanse as well. I was treated for depression and anxiety for over a decade before I finally listened to my therapist who had been telling me I had ADD for years. I just got off my antidepressant earlier this year and my Xanax use is down to once in a blue moon. My life has completely turned around with a proper diagnosis and medication. I’m also in nursing school as well!! After high school, I switched from Adderall to Vyvanse. More or less the same symptoms, but a very similar experience overall.

I've been a freshman in college now for the past few months, and I'm seriously falling behind in multiple classes. I've thought about throwing in the towel, transferring somewhere, or withdrawing from classes. I really needed to hear this coming from someone who's gone through what I'm going through now. Thank you! I wasn't diagnosed until 30. I spent 7 years in undergrad, at 3 different schools, with 7 different majors. Finally somehow managed to graduate, then got into law school. A semester in, decided I needed to tack on a Masters. Another year in, dropped out of both. Started a Masters in CS. Dropped out. Got diagnosed. Now back in school yet again, finishing the CS degree, and hoping to eventually apply to PhD programs. I'm not on anything right now, but it's amazing what difference just KNOWING I had ADHD made.  Come hang with us down in the ER! 

Fellow ADHD nurse here. I will always admire the work nurses do on the floors, because I was awful at keeping track of scheduled things like medications and managing my time in general. I struggled during clinical rotations on the floor and it made question what the fuck I had gotten myself into. Then I discovered the joys of the emergency department! You get to chase the shiny things (i.e. new and/or critical patients requiring immediate intervention), rarely have to sit still, and have virtually no timed things to keep track of because every thing is ordered STAT. 

Plus, you will never cease to be amazed by people coming in with bizarre complaints, everything from the 1am “I think there’s black mold in my apartment will you call my landlord” to “I stuck a metal rod up my dick and I can’t get it out” I did so poorly in community college, went to different campuses before transferring into a 4 year college at 23 and graduating at 25. Now I am in a grad program and work in social services. I used to think it was impossible especially with my low transfer GPA. I had no motivation but getting help was so beneficial. I had undiagnosed ADHD until age 27, but I got a lot of support for BP2 which helped the ADHD as well. It can happen and work out and I’m here for whoever needs to talk! That title could have been written by me. Said "fuck it" and walked out in the middle of a semester more than once. You're doing pretty good, I had to fuck up for about another ten years before I made it into the Nursing program. Keep kicking ass, cuz whatever the class content we're past the hard part already. Hey thanks for writing this, and I’m glad you’re finding your stride now. I’m also 23 and feeling behind when I compare myself to my peers. When I’m taking my medicine, I’m productive and successful and it keeps the depression away. I’ve been off the meds for a few months now, and I see myself slipping back into my old slumps. Seeing someone else go through similar things as me has been a pleasant reminder that I can and should get back to the routines that made me healthier. How did you find the motivation do go througj nursing and nursing school? Yeesh, what dick move your ex pulled. Glad you're in a good place right now! I'm getting there myself, wish me luck! <3 Who do I talk to?  My primary care doctor or do I need a referral to a psychiatrist or mental health nurse? I've been through this too. I switched from Psychology (minoring in French & Linguistics) to Kinesiology, then to Biochem (because Dr. Snipey-Spider has a certain ring to it), signed up for a humanitarian trip to give dental screenings to Haitian school children... and before I even left on the trip, I had already switched my major to Computer Science. Then I transferred schools. And then dropped out twice. The second time time was on April 1st, 2016 (April Fools, mom and dad!).

Two years later, and I am working full-time as a software developer, currently transitioning into a new job with a different company (and a way bigger paycheque) and I plan to go back to school and finish my degree in computer science one day. I wasn't diagnosed with ADHD-C until my second year of university and if it wasn't for my amazing psychiatrist and the prescription he gave me, I probably would've dropped out 2 years before I actually did. 

Vyvanse has totally changed my life too and I'm glad that I'm not the only one who's had to ride a bit of a rollercoaster to get to where I am today. Thanks this helps, I'm kinda spinning my tires right now with school and hearing how other people came out of it helps.  As someone who’s switched schools twice, changed majors three times, and just withdrew from classes today... this is really encouraging. Thank you! 25 and should be receiving my diagnosis from my first evaluation a month ago. I’ve got a similar story. Switched majors twice (business to music education) and withdrew as well. ADHD never occurred to me until early this year. Found a great community resource for mental health and was diagnosed with clinical depression and began taking antidepressants. It stabilized my emotions but didn’t alleviate feeling lost all the time and not remembering things from moment to moment. 

A friend once gifted me a 20 mg Adderall pill because I was venting about how I needed to memorize (**!!!!**) 25 Christmas carols for a gig.  I took the entire thing and I sat on my bed, in pjs, and practiced music for the first time in my life. I didn’t move from there to use the bathroom, or eat. I didn’t feel hunger that day. It was the most incredible experience that I broke down crying the next day when I couldn’t focus on a conversation because the kitchen faucet was running. I constantly took 20 mg Vyvanse for a couple weeks (and upped to 40 he last few days) to see if I *really had ADHD* before spending a lot of money on an evaluation to get a no. I felt way more awake, but it wasn’t spotlight-focus where I want like Adderall. Vyvanse was more “oh, I was doing this” and resuming fine, whereas I’d lose everything if distracted. 

I’m glad things are working out for you!! I would like to try school again with accommodations, therapy, and medication. I hated school, even when I majored in music. I still don’t know how I achieved an associates degree from a university. School has always been too much and I was always underprepared but my innate talent and luck can only get me so far. I’m so tired of existing in the vacuum of each moment.  Medication is a really good way. It's not at all inherently bad. If to doesn't work for you, that's ok. But I fully advocate medication for ADHD. Okay, this is wild that I saw this today. I am also 23 and have been going to school on and off for 5 years. Like the OP, I've been at 3 different colleges and have had 4 different majors,  I was diagnosed in March of *this year* and it was the typical "oh my god this explains everything" moment. I started medication (Adderall XR) as well as listening to books and podcasts about behavioral coping mechanisms. 

&#x200B;

Before popping onto this subreddit, I had just finished my FAFSA for 2019-2020 (college aid application for students in the US) after taking a couple years off from school. Not only did I do it, but I had zero difficulty getting started. It was just "I need to do this, I will do it now.", which as we know, can be difficult for us ADHD folks. 

&#x200B;

TL;DR: I am in a similar situation, OP, and while I am not 100% where I want to be, for the first time I feel like I am capable of getting there without falling back to the same infinite cycle of pre-diagnosis self sabotage.  Is gives me hope because I feel like a insecure failure  Wow this sounds like me! Switched majors in high school 3 times, keep on studying something else (my 2 bachelors, master and current PhD are all in different fields) and I keep on moving countries too . I just get bored!  Vyvase... Thank you for sharing this, I'm currently in a situation where I'm trying to stop from withdrawing from my classes despite lack of focus and absences. I just got my first appointment with a psychiatrist for proper diagnosis and medication. 

May I ask what you did to improve your focus and follow through your studies?  But I don't want to be a nurse... I didn’t realize how many steps I needed to take before getting into nursing. So you should first plan out everything before acting on it! Do your research first and then don’t feel discouraged to take on that, if that’s what you want to do. 

Most nursing programs need you to take your entrance exam first before applying. It’s kinda like SATs but there’s study booklets to help you.

Nursing is kinda stressful and it’s a full time program. But it’s more stressful for me because I have social anxiety. You eventually get used to it if you really want to care for patients.  I’m so happy for you. At least now you feel more confident in your studies that will make you feel happy at the end of the day! Sometimes it takes a whole degree to realize it was a mistake haha. I’m glad you’re getting appropriate people for your disorder too. My friend (who definitely has ADHD) talked to a psychiatrist who didn’t think she had adhd because she didn’t cause trouble in high school and graduated... so talking to the right people really changes the game. I find this so relatable. I had a doctor look me in the eye and tell me I couldn't have ADHD because my GPA wasn't low enough... I was like um no, I get enough done to get by, but I'm telling you that I'm free falling here...

I'm glad that you found a doctor willing to help you figure out what was going on! Congratulations on your awesome progress!! Thank you for your kind works! I figured my post would reach at least one person. I’m also very glad you’re in a better place. It’s tough but we got this. 36 here in my third semester. This post helped this “old man” feel better about himself. Thanks everyone.  It’s definitely more challenging because of that! I usually need to write everything down on paper just so I don’t forget I’s and O’s. Thank you!  I love this. I work in med/surg right now so I always have to keep track for my rounds. It’s such a nightmare for people like us haha. I’ll definitely consider it! Yup same. Took an elective twice because I gave up the first time and then gave up the second time in the middle of the semester. I know the struggle.  I just did the same thing...walked out mid semester. Was diagnosed ADHD about 33 years ago. I actually already have a BA, so ideally I’d be doing an accelerated post-bacc program. Just waiting on my partner to find a job (could be anywhere in the US) and we’ll figure out schools from there. I’ve looked at all the steps. Currently taking pre-reqs that are common to most programs, although I know some have prereqs that are weird and specific. 

My plan is to become a CNA when we move to get experience, finish my pre-reqs, hopefully establish residency if the school is a state school, and then do the accelerated program. I’m really hoping schools and jobs line up haha. I’ll need his financial support if I’m doing the program!! I’m working on a hospital as a lab tech for the medical lab. It’s really low level but with my degree it was the best I could get. I’d love to be a PCT/CNA but the process here is garbage. Classes are only offered sometimes, and they’re each over 6 months, with only day and 5pm classes (which don’t work with my schedule). I need the health insurance (for reasons related to this sub) so I’m sort of staying put for now. 

Ideally, I want to be an NP. I’m thinking psych (as that’s the field I’ve always wanted to be in) but I’m open to other options. Once I get to that point, I feel like the small stuff isn’t as life-or-death. Like, as a bedside nurse, I’d be so afraid of missing a med or giving the wrong med. I’m good at high level stuff but I’m so forgetful... Does that impact your job? I’m recently diagnosed and I just started ritalin. I actually have a short term memory now!! So that helps. 

Also, do you find the stereotype that ADHD types go into emergency nursing? Thanks for your response :)



 My mum went to my secondary school when I was 13 because she noticed I was falling behind in my reading level. The school said I couldn't possibly have dyslexia because of my grades and ability in English. My English teacher's recommendation was to "read more quality sourced newspapers"

4 years later, my university referred me to an Educational Psychologist for assessment and I was told I had dyslexia and they were amazed I'd made it this far. 

My life is a series of "He can't have x because he's too smart" {Mainly Dyslexia, ADHD, and ASD, and now I  just need to be tested for ASD and that'll be everything sorted out} Did you find another doctor? And to anyone else reading, is there a "clearing house" of sorts for recommended Psychiatrists with specialties in ADD/ADHD for Adults? Thanks for answering if anyone has that information. Dude you're doing more than so many people, regardless of what your age is. There's no timeline on success, and learning should always be a lifelong endeavour. Thanks for inspiring others.  My mum is 46 and in her 2nd semester and loving it! It's never too late to study or get your degree :D You can probably still salvage it at this point. I don't know your plans or circumstances, but if you'd like to get a degree it's worth taking a day to go talk to the student disability office and any counselor who has been helpful at that school (or if none have, just tell the receptionist you need whoever is the best one to get you out of a tight spot) and see what can be done. Maybe make an appointment with a therapist, too. Or look for one better able to help you if you're seeing someone now. I wish like hell I could undo those fucking-up years, and anything that can get you where you need to be ASAP is worth the effort. I can’t speak for anyone else but I picked emergency nursing before I realized I had adhd. But it was definitely because I love the crisis. I’m also terrified of forgetting small things in bedside nursing, but so are all my classmates... you eventually learn a system of organization that works for you. I’ve found that the pressure keeps me more consistent than I am in the rest of my life.  As someone who has ADHD and whose looking to go into nursing (here in Canada we don’t have to write an entrance exam but we have to have wickedly high marks) I’m hoping to one day become a paediatric nurse. So I’d say that stereotype isn’t true. If you're in the US this might be helpful: [https://www.additudemag.com/top-adhd-clinics/](https://www.additudemag.com/top-adhd-clinics/)

If you're not in the US, I just googled "ADHD specalists \[my area\]" and found mine and looked through all the reviews I've had a lot of fucking up years LOL. I feel great now though. I see a therapist, have meds, doing better than I have in a long time.

I actually have an appt with an advisor this Friday. 

Thank you for the good advice! You're spot on! Thank you Thank you!!!! This list is very helpful. 