Professor with ADHD here- I'm cheering on all you students during finals! I know finals can be an extremely stressful time, especially during the first semester. Whatever the outcome, I'm proud of you for facing these difficulties and I wish you all the best! You\\\&#39;re almost there. If you are facing hardships, please reach  out to your professors, your advisors, the accessibility offices, and even the counseling centers on your campus to get a support network in place. While I of course can't speak for every professor on every campus, I have been encouraged by how many of my peers are eager to help students with ADHD- and by how many have noted that having someone with ADHD in class can actually enhance the learning environment!   


You got this,  


Spiff  


Edit: It was nice to chat with you all! I'm out for the day though- good luck!!    
 My ‘finals’, or as we Dutchies call, de Toetsweek, is in a week and a half and as a student in her last year of high school, knowing I tend to do everything last minute, this made me feel less stressed. So thank you!  Professor (adjunct) here with ADHD here too.  Ditto.

EDIT: Just my mandatory PSA from somebody who has legally prescribed Adderall don't exceed 60mg in a 24hr period.  I overheard somebody at the library say he just took 80mg.  Don't do that. I’m getting my PhD right now and want to stay in academia and eventually become a professor. I have ADD and medication has helped a lot during grad school (I was too stubborn to go on meds during undergrad and barely finished as a result). But I feel like the future is kind of bleak since most professors I know who balance research and advising and teaching are highly functional individuals and I have to be medicated just to skim a journal article without getting up to wander around my kitchen haha.

I know it’s not what this thread is for but any words of advice for someone in my position? You rock!

I have been pleasantly surprised by the amount of professors that are very understanding about ADHD.  I was diagnosed earlier this year (22 years old) and I decided to be open instead of silently struggling.

I’ve had professors:

* write nice notes on my assignments, commending me on my improvement

* allow me to correct an exam for some extra points

* give me a little more time if needed on an assignment, and free up 1:1 time to explain concepts to me

* ask me questions about ADHD in order to educate themselves! My professor this semester opened up about her teen daughter struggling with what she believe is ADHD;  I’m doing a project on stimulant medication in her course and she is very eager to learn more 


So OP, thank you for understanding.  And fellow ADHD students, don’t underestimate your teacher/professor’s ability to understand and sympathize with you.  It’s your choice how open you want to be, but being able to vocalize your needs and struggles can be tremendously helpful for yourself and your professors! I have my final exam for this semester. It's on European history and I honestly feel like I could study so much more. But it's in about 2 hours, so there's nothing to be done about that now. 

Thanks for the well wishes!  About to go into a test right now, I don’t feel prepared, but now I feel encouraged, and that’s half the battle sometimes
Thank you You seem lovely, but this post made me a bit sad. We used to have a psychologist in my college campus but now since we're part of a bigger university everything got centralized and it's far away from my campus, which makes it that much harder. I have mentioned to professors before that I struggle with depression and anxiety and most didn't quite know how to act, I'm not even going to mention adhd since I've heard a professor I quite respected mention he thinks it's not a real disease. I'm also struggling a lot with a subject which even though I study how the professor advices to do I'm failing HARD and asking him for help just resulted in him telling me to read the book and redo the exercises.

&#x200B;

Sorry for the wall of text I've just been feeling really demoralised and considering quitting but I have no idea what else I would do.   Another Professor with ADHD here! Greetings!! >If you are facing hardships, please reach out to **your professors**, your advisors, the accessibility offices, and even the counseling centers on your campus to get a support network in place.

This. This this this. So much this.

Don't be afraid to go and talk with your professor. They don't bite. They're not machines. They're human, and interacting with them as a *person* can go a long way.

And the rest of the resources on campus are literally there for you to use. You've already paid for them. Use them. This post makes me really happy. This is my first college semester taking ADHD meds (was taking Vyvanse but switched to Adderall because of cost and I love it so much more) and it’s the largest course load I’ve ever taken. It’s been so stressful but this post really motivated me and brightened my day. Thank you! 😁 What do you mean that someone with ADHD can enhance the learning environment? I'm defending my master's thesis is less than a month and I've been feeling extremely overwhelmed lately between preparing for said defense and keeping on top of my one other class. I've focused so much on my thesis this past week that I haven't touched a project (10 page paper + 15 minute video presentation) that's due tonight.

... one more month. Spiff! Thanks! I'm a senior in college and have been working my ass off the past year to get in a good place. I have this sub to owe to it. I've done a lot of reading here and it all has helped tremendously. Thanks for the encouragement!  It is extremely encouraging to hear that some faculty say that an adhd student can be beneficial to the learning environment. Of course I feel like I am helpful to my classmates but hearing it from a prof makes me feel like maybe it isn't just wishful thinking.  I’m not even a student anymore and I still found this encouraging  Do you ever share with your ADHD students that you too have ADHD? I had a professor in college who handed out papers asking students to express what they’re excited for in the class and what they’re worried about. While I didn’t seek accommodations through the disability office, I revealed that I have ADHD and like to participate in class, but I get really nervous when randomly called on. The professor later emailed me saying she doesn’t usually tell students this, but she has ADD and understands my worries. 

She was hands down one of my favorite professors during college.  Thanks for the encouragement, but honestly it doesn't help with the environment Im in at the moment, I've got a big math test tomorrow and am nowhere near ready, my math grades never going above a C in 2 years already, and my first 3 grades this first semester being F's, so Im hopefully pull a D if I'm lucky, but probably not. Again, thanks for the encouragement 55 year old dude here who went through an engineering degree at university and about 6 jobs before getting diagnosed.

TALK TO YOUR TEACHERS. TALK TO OTHER STUDENTS.  Don't be bashful about this.  Seriously.  It was the ONLY thing that got me through school.

Walking in to a professor and saying "What the Actual Fuck?" and getting a response of "Yeah, nobody seems to get it, reread the book and I'll go over it again on Wednesday" will help you out a LOT.  Just knowing you're not alone or having a professor who knows you're struggling can be helpful.

One main thing that school is trying to teach you (that isn't in any syllabus) is working with others, learning how you learn, and seeking help when you need it.  You've GOT to learn this, especially for the hard stuff.

You can do it.  Just keep at it. Wow! I'm so happy you posted! I'm struggling with my MS degree & feeling out of my league. I mean I'm someone with ADHD & Dyslexia trying to make my career in the very thing I've been struggling with my whole life! 

To know that there are ADHDers who are professors out there.....that gives me hope!! 

So thank you to each of the ADHD professors who commented too!  Thanks for being a good professor.  I have ADHD and I can’t use it as an excuse, but my work schedule was absolutely insane this week.  Out of 112 waking hours, I was either driving, studying, working, or in class for 98 of them.  I asked for an extension on an assignment because I worked 65 hours the first week it was assigned, as a contractor, and 35 hours the next week, all of this while picking up a tutoring job, an extra 24 hours weekly.  The response was “we all have decisions to make”  I’m also in school for engineering, not the easiest subject. I no longer need to do contracting work since I have the tutoring job. I needed a few more days for this one assignment, but the professor was not hearing it.  I mean I literally saved up 6 months to buy a computer for solidworks.  I took a job with 1/3 the pay so I could focus more on school. I’m a passionate student and I want to make a difference in this world.  I just have such a hard time with the “bootstraps” “we all have decisions” attitude.  Like yes I have decisions I need to make, I need to make sure I can afford to go to school, I need to make sure I can eat, I’m trying to be the best possible person I can be, I’m not bullshitting with the work schedule as I emailed it to her, I haven’t ever been late with assignments, and I try to be friendly and make an effort to be as focused as possible during lecture.  I sometimes question if professors truly understand the decisions they make.  I received a zero with no chance to turn it in late, and it will bring me down an entire letter grade. So from the bottom of my heart, thank you for being a professor that is understanding and empathetic.  We need more of you.  As a fellow professor with ADHD, I second this. You all got this, students!

Also, I am cheering you on as well, OP. Grading is hard. I have been screwing up my history exams and currently failing. The teacher said not to worry as there would be plenty of extra credit to make up for it later. Then a new teacher is subbed in for the rest of the semester and I am afraid of how that extra credit and learning a new teachers teaching style is going to throw everything off even more...fuck me so stressed. Send help Hey I’m a college instructor who thinks he may have ADHD, and I have some specific questions about whether I should pursue professional help. Can I DM you? I just took my last A-level exam two days ago, so thanks :)  What’s your experience with your colleagues’ attitudes towards ADHD? I went to a competitive law school and noticed that about 80% of the professors I talked to in office hours mentioned that they had a son or daughter with ADHD, but like the ADHD that Johnny and Jill have when they can’t get into Harvard like their mommy and daddy did. I was astounded by how some of them would qualify statements like “yeah my son is medicated for ADHD” with “but only because he has *a lot* on his plate and is on his college’s D1 swim team” while also like, sneering at the fact that I dare even bring up such a “fake” disability in the sacred institution that is le legal academy. I mean, these are people who went to school with Obama, so I guess they can be dicks. I was just surprised to hear some of them gush about their college aged kids’ brilliance in spite of self-proclaimed “barely clinical” ADHD while giving a total stink face when I tried having a heart to heart about my personal struggles in a way I thought wasn’t too self absorbed or self pitying. This of course wasn’t the case at my less competitive undergrad, where the professors were genuinely kind educators and far from elitists... I haven't been diagnosed but my Aunty was telling me how the doctor diagnosed her and I literally did everything she did. I have also since found out my grandad has ADHD. I have an exam on Wednesday specific to my procurement job. I either get intensely focused for like 30 minutes or I can't focus to finish reading a sentence. YouTube videos on the subjects is much more engaging for me. God I really needed this. I have an actuary exam tmrw and I have to memorize so many equations I'm gunna die from all the math. Thank you kind spiff Thank you so much Spiff!!! Needed this encouragement! 

I’m in my fourth year, and my first two years of college were actually spent at a college that used “the block plan” - one class for three and a half weeks straight, then a four-day weekend, then the beginning of a new class. I decided to transfer from that school to a bigger university that did things the traditional way...and hit a BRICK WALL. I had had no idea how good that block plan was for me! Finals are IMPOSSIBLE! 

I learned recently that I have ADHD and my whole life made so much more sense. Finals week isn’t any easier, but at least now I know why it’s so difficult. Hoping to start meds soon! So grateful for professors like you who support us scatterbrained students! I'm really curious, what do you think would be a beneficial to add or allow for in school to help adhd students without impacting others?

Ive always had success with in class work time for stuff (sometimes only doing it during those times...) Working on my MS and taking grad level statistics and OMG does it suck.....Ty for believing in me. I'm trying soooo hard. Thank you! So many high school teachers don’t get it. I hope my son’s college professors will be more understanding.  I couldn't imagine being a professor and having to grade papers, tests/finals. or the brutal monotony of having to read a million shitty (or good, who knows) essays. I can barely stand to write and read my own work as a 43 yo senior undergrad. The encouragement is awesome and much appreciated.  I struggle almost as bad now with homework and projects as I did when I was younger, even with medication, unless its a topic I am super excited about, then I write a novel.  My school just got through midterms, but I accept your good wishes anyway :) Gosh, you have no idea how much I needed this right now. Thank you! I am going through separation, it is extremely stressful. While I was dealing with this heartbreaking experience, I managed myself to pass another year, maintaining GPA 6.7 / 7 
 
Everything is possible....  This might be my favorite post I’ve ever seen on this sub! We post all the time about school related things, but it’s always from the perspective of a stressed out student. So thank you SO MUCH for this little gesture. It means more than you know!!  💖 I needed this, thank you. Oh yes, there are certainly professors like that. Life changing, hardship inducing professors... but luckily they are not the only ones. Having your engineering degree will be worth it, but it will continue to be a very hard road for you. Please know that I’m cheering you on... I am glad to hear that! I'm way past high school but I still procrastinate fairly often even with lesson planning, lol! I'd wish you luck but I doubt you'll need it! Succes, het gaat je lukken;)! > de Toetsweek

What does that translate to literally?  We call it "crunch weeks" Huh proefwerk-/toetsweken heb je toch meerdere keren per jaar?  I’ve always been astonished that people are prescribed 60mg per day - my doctor used to write a prescription for that so I could get two months’ worth without driving back to see him (college was very remote and my doctor was 90 miles away). But I did know a few people who were genuinely prescribed and took that amount. 60mg is a LOT of Adderall to take at one time. I would be pretty scared of what kind of long-term effect that amount daily might have on cardiovascular health. I know everyone’s brain reacts differently, but I take 40mg Vyvanse with an optional 10mg Dex booster in the afternoon... Sometimes I feel like the booster is a bit much and sends me into hyperfocus mode. 

Be safe, people!  preaching to the choir here but thank you! 


Wish people wouldn't abuse the drugs some people need to function  Thanks for the PSA- I am sure that it's tempting to go overboard during this stressful time. And stay strong, my adjunct friend! You are appreciated and I hope they treat you well! Damn I'm in trouble then. I take 30 mg 4X a day. I've been doing this for ten years. A few months ago, my doctor accidentally wrote my script for the same number of pills, but a lower dosage (like half). 

It didn't work. I had to go back after a month because I had shot off my mouth to my coworker many times, ran my car into a pole among other things... ourannual I completely sympathize with all of this, and I cannot say that I have all of the answers but I can provide my anecdote. I actually decided to search for, and take, a lecturer / advisor position because I felt that is where my talents are strongest. A tenure track position may actually work for someone else with ADHD, but it would not for me. 

I hope to avoid rambling, so I suppose my advice is this: consider looking for a position that will limit the responsibilities and allow you to get balance while in a routine. I will very likely move into another track over time, but I am quite happy being in an 8-5 where I advise and teach, and those positions are quite common. 

Of course, please choose the path that feels right in your gut, though! It's true that having all of those positions is so exhausting and anxiety inducing. Please consider finding a place for you to catch your breath. But whatever you do- good luck, and best wishes! Honestly how did you get your PhD, I want one and while my extracurriculars are great my grades are bad + getting a masters is daunting. I love research and teaching though Another professor here. Just keep trying, and don't be too hard on yourself.

I was a lousy student, so I think of students like myself, sitting in the class, and focus on them. I work hard to keep my lectures interesting and fun for everyone.

There are many great study strategy for ADHDers - my tricks were to write everything down, sometimes over and over again (by hand, of course). If ADHD is bothering me, I force myself to work in 45 minute increments. I would start at the top of the hour, and work for 45 minutes. Then break for 15 minutes. Then start again at the top of the hour. How did you during your undergrad without medication? Im a junior and just started medication. I've been so discouraged because my overall gpa is garbage and it looks unlikely that grad school will be an option now. Thanks Raentina! Those a really uplifting to read. And it's true, I can do an awful lot when a student comes up to me and lets me know about their ADHD (or any other situations, really!). Keep being awesome! Wow. I’m struggling a lot this semester and some of my professors have been really shitty about it. They don’t know I have ADHD, they just know my performance has been mediocre at best. I know I should talk to them, but I’m nervous that I’ll get shut down. One of them I’m convinced really hates me.  I have a professor who outright said he hates having to write exams early for the resource center at my University can get the exams. He also send a mass email to those registered with the ARC without somehow hiding our address, violating privacy.

Other than that, my other professors have been willing to work with the resource center so we can get the accommodation we need! What will be will be. If you can, just use that knowledge to figure out what study strategies work best for you in the future! :) What will be will be! Go get'em! Hello hello! Although I must admit it had not been too many years since I left the adjunct mafia ;) It's good to know that there are other ADHD professors out there who can lend their experiences to students facing similar challenges! Ohhhhh YES this! If I had only thought to go to the accessibility office (used to be disabilities... better name now) in my undergrad years I would have done. So. Much. Better. That is only if you like talking to people. I hate it. I wish the professors and my fellow students were all dogs. Or atleast university should be empty. That would be nice. Or atleast anonymous contact over the internet, so that you can forget they are humans.  I can imagine it's been stressful! Keep it up and stay healthy! I know my medications usually make me eat next to nothing!! Did you use the coupon for vyvanse? That’s the only reason I’m on it instead of adderall now. It’s 15$ Hey JohnnyMilkyPiggy, in my experience they can enhance it from a number of ways. First, I've noticed that many of my students with ADHD have been able to look at issues from unique perspectives. This can come from a number of reasons honestly; sometimes because our brains tend to flitter about I find that students are able to bring in material from other courses more readily; in other situations, I often find that my students with ADHD tend to be more compassionate. I've had many students with ADHD speak up and lead conversations on resiliency and grit actually, since (like myself) many of them have experiences repeatedly being told that they are 'worthless,' that they  'can't cut it,' or that they are 'faking it.' It's a great opportunity to help my students understand how adversity can make them both stronger, and kinder, I find. Of course I must tie this into the material- but that's where my own ADHD brain comes in handy :)

&#x200B;

Edit: more coherence May your sleep after the paper be long and uninterrupted. I'll pour off a bit for you tonight... Congratulations Guac! You've earned it all- stay strong in this last bit :) It totally isn't wishful thinking! Please speak up in class- I find that more often than not it helps other students see things from other angles / make connections that they are missing! I'm so glad to hear this! I hope you are doing well. Oh all the time. I want students to be willing to come forward with any issues they may have, ADHD or otherwise. So I’m quite open with it very early on.

Sounds like you had a great teacher. The connections we make with students are potent! Friendly reminder to get back to studying / go to sleep

&#x200B;

if you're currently not going to sleep because you still have to study and you're not studying but procrastinating just go to sleep, it's better than the alternative (neither studying nor sleeping) Of course- and just know that whatever happens there can be a path forward. I do highly encourage you to speak with your academic advisor if they are available. I can't say that moving forward will be easy if things go as you've described, but please know that it will still be possible. All the best to you. Those are great pointers, and hard lessons to learn- reading them here will help a lot of people, I think! Thanks for sharing, allpurposeguru! With the addition that this may work some and for some not It isn’t easy but it is worthwhile :) you can do this!!! I am amazed at your commitment.  Your work ethic is to be commended.  An engineering degree is very hard work-- one of the hardest degrees.  The fact that you're working so hard at the same time makes me wonder when you sleep.

Some people are more hardass than others with regard to meeting standards and not giving in-- realize this, and also realize that sometimes the world isn't so forgiving and you just have to dig in and keep digging.  

It's not always like this, for every hardass teacher you find you'll find another that understands what you're going through-- just look at OP.

It gets better, I promise.  With your work ethic and drive you'll go far. Yes it is! Thank you for the support! I am so sorry to hear that you are in that situation. Switching teachers mid semester is a terrible practice and I imagine something rather big must have occurred to cause that. Please know that whatever happens, there will be  a way forward. Just do as well as you can in your other classes to protect your GPA and / or your financial aid, if you use any. The way forward may not end up being easy, but I can say that it will be doable. Unfortunately a lot of time it comes from within, I’m afraid. But I will be thinking of you and wishing you well! Of course! Happy to help how I can... Woot! There’s good people everywhere, but a general observation I’ve made is the higher up on the ‘ivory tower’ of elite academia you go, the less room people make for compassionate and down-to-earth folks to work. I’m definitely not an Ivy League kind of guy, but I still work at a fairly prominent university and I’d say a good 2/3 of the faculty here are very kind and genuine, 1/6 just need a little guidance, and 1/6 should be avoided :) 

Luckily, I’ve noticed a lot more grit from my ADHD students, so they’re often more prepared for those schools. Some of them were told they were a loser every day of their life, and that they’d never accomplish anything. So, with a little guidance, they are able to see their life as walking proof that whenever someone says ‘you’re faking’ or that you are ‘weak,’ their first instinct is no longer to say ‘I guess you are right’ but rather ‘well, the last 500 people who said that were wrong so.... come at me, bro (metaphorically speaking)’ Hey, you found the study strategy that works for you! Excellent! Good ol' math. Keep at it; whatever happens, the test will be over soon! I'll be thinking of you. Hey acorable, it's great to hear that things are working out better for you! I'm glad you were able to get a diagnosis and that it has been beneficial to you. I'm sorry that this new schedule isn't working out, but I hope that you have professors that are supportive where you are attending! Oh for sure! I would say demonstrations and conversations are the way to go. The book open to outcomes really highlights the importance of making informal participation key to the learning environment. Making the classroom more ADHD friendly makes it more EVERYONE friendly. Ah yes, good old stats. Math, but with 500 steps per problem. SPSS is my friend :) Some will! Some... could use some improvement. Just build a support network where you can and try to give the other folks some understanding is my approach :) Right? Luckily the papers are on a subject I enjoy (thus why I teach!) so that helps. Well done! Of course! You’re working very hard and deserve support! I am so sorry for your heartbreak. I am just as impressed by your focus on your studies though. Well done, and I hope you find more happiness soon... Hey, I’m glad it helped! School is hard. I wish I could support you all even more. <3! You’re welcome! I truly do believe in you! Have you learned to accept that as a part of you? I got diagnosed at 30, almost two years ago, and now, when I procrastinate and finish a task last minute, it's much worse on my mental health, than before  Dankje! Toets means examination / test. On most universities it's actually takes two weeks quarterly. It translates to ‘the testweek’! Ja, wat voor niet Nederlanders finals zijn is voor ons toetsweek. Dacht ik.  Different brains metabolize it differently, so you can't scale your dose to someone else's. That's why you should work with a doc to find the right dose and not self-medicate like the guy in the library. is Vyvanse a sched II as well?  

That 60mg limit is for the whole 24hr period, not at once.  The guy in the library took 80mg around 8pm.  He probably didn't sleep for a week.  Athletes use Adderall to increase muscle strength, hence (I think) MLB is testing for it.  

I'm not familiar with Dex or what a booster is.  I think my ADHD isn't as severe, or I was diagnosed before all the modern meds were around (1994). I take 20mg of Vyvanse a day, I'm 16 and only weigh 50kg. I'm pretty sure taking 80mg of the stuff would stop my heart or some shit. Oh how nice that'd be.

70mg barely touches the sides for me. Trying to get switched to dexamfetamine so I can go upto 60mg which would equate to about 210mg Vyvanse. Even then - that's the max dose for children. I'm surprised any adult notices 40mg of Elvanse.

Then again a bottle of whiskey barely gets me drunk and the dentist has to give me 3 doses of anesthetic and even then I can still feel it - being insensitive to drugs is the worst.  > preaching to the choir here but thank you!
> 
> Wish people wouldn't abuse the drugs some people need to function

Indeed!  Here in PA they are loosening the restrictions on certain schedule II's.  They can now be electronically filled and renewed.

I'm an adjunct (evenings) at a small private university.  All of the faculty issued a statement saying if anyone gets wasted and needs safe transport home they can call on any of us at any time.  So far I have been called on twice.  No vomit in my car yet. Have you tried extended release so you aren't so tied to the clock? This is actually why I went for a primarily-teaching position as well. 

I cannot churn out research papers. I do not have the focus. Teaching I get to do different subjects a lot and I get to restart every semester.  Thanks so much for this response, I really appreciate it. Makes me wish I had professors I could talk to about this stuff in my department.  I'm getting my PhD in the US where you don't need a Masters to get into a PhD program. I'm also in the sciences, so a bit part of me being able to get into grad school was having research experience and research advisors who could vouch for me in the letters of recommendation. To be completely honest it was a combination of luck and determination - I got two research jobs out of undergrad. The first one I did really badly in but the second one I was able to skate by in a bit because the boss was really hands-off so didn't notice when I was bad about coming in or getting things done on time. If I hadn't gotten those research jobs I honestly probably wouldn't have continued down this path.

When I applied to PhD programs I applied to 9 places and got into 2, these were the two where I had a personal connection with someone working there who could vouch for me. In other words, I didn't look good enough on paper to get into grad school but got in because of the extracurricular work I did and the personal connections I made that way. I finished undergrad with a 3.3 GPA but my transcript had a ton of Withdraws on it. Undergrad wasn't a good time in my life, I was terrible about missing class but most of my classes had big papers for midterms and finals so I could salvage my grade by putting massive effort into those at the last minute. I personally like writing and am able to focus on it better than other things. which is one of few things that got me through. Whenever I took classes that required diligent studying and lots of homework/tests (computer science, chemistry, foreign languages, etc.) I usually got a C or had to withdraw.

It all really depends on what you want to go to grad school for. I'm in psychology/neuroscience so the biggest factor was having research experience in labs. Doing well in these kinds of extracurricular positions, and having good recommendations from people can make up a lot of ground from a bad transcript. But you also need to be prepared to explain your transcript to grad school interviewers once you get there.  If they already hate you talking to them can't make it worse! I’ve had ONE professor who was a dink like that.  He told the entire (5 person) class that it’s not fair that people get accommodations, and if they need them then engineering school isn’t for them. He said this after I submitted my verification of accommodations to him.


He then pointed me out in the middle of class, and I immediately needed to excuse myself to sob in the bathroom.


I dropped out of his class (at the recommendation of the dean) after reporting him to the dean.  Nothing happened, but now I have to spend an extra year in school because I missed his class.


And I get to have him again next fall.  Yay me.
 
Luckily most professors aren’t like this. Your professor sounds literally terrible! You put up with too much bullshit!!! Just need to remember what went wrong this time when the next exams come along!  I’m a PhD student and I want to be a professor. I got diagnosed in my second year of grad school and in my grief stage after diagnosis thought a lot about dropping out. I remember watching a video by this premier adhd neuroscientist about how bad we are at all this executive functioning like how to take a big goal and realize that goal over a long time... that’s exactly what a PhD needs and now it’s apparently hopeless... but luckily I have a good psychiatrist that helped me through, and I’m sticking with it.  It’s good to know there are actually some adhd profs out there, and hopefully I’ll be one too in a few years! Oh, absolutely.  Had I known I was ADHD (my mother, a teacher, was in denial that I had it) I could have gotten SO MUCH HELP with it.  So happy both my kids have been able to get the help they need.
 We dont have any in our country for ADHD. If you They tell you have no claims and if you stillwant to try, to organize it all yourself. Well, this disables me about as much as its supposed to help...  I hate to say it, but that kind of attitude means you're playing life on a much harder difficulty than even ADHD will present. Social interaction is more than just a component of society, it's quite literally the foundation. I can understand not enjoying it and preferring it to be anonymous. Unfortunately, that's not always an option and the more you avoid putting on at least a mask of sociability, the harder it is when you *need* to. I will! And mine can do the same. I’ve been getting my appetite back lately, so it’s a lot easier to remember to eat lately! I did! I used the coupon and I was still paying upwards of 80 a month. 🙃 the insurance I was on (I turned 26 recently and off my parents insurance now) was hit and miss with stuff. Like most of my prescriptions were really cheap, but I barely got covered with dental and vision 🤷🏻‍♀️ This is interesting. Since I have a really hard time sitting in class and taking notes, I have started taking notes in different ways. I have noticed that some of my professors and peers have taken a liking to how I take notes.

For my classes that are textbook based, I will write as many notes as I can in them. I do this so I can compare the text from the textbook to my notes. This can be helpful in homework. Some of my peers have even told me that they were thinking of doing something similar.

For the classes not so textbook driven, I will take notes on my phone (I don't have a reliable tablet) by either writing things down, or taking pictures, depending on what I need at the time.

Out of curiosity, what is your opinion on these note taking styles? How have some of your ADD students and yourself take notes? I needed to read this today. Thank you.  Will do!  Do you think that students with ADHD actually have something to contribute different than a neurotypical student? I have a hard time imagining there are any upsides to ADHD. I was finally recently diagnosed and am in my 5th year of college after having to leave for a year. I feel like most of the time when I have a question it's when I space out,  suddenly see more math on the board, and then have to recreate the last 2-5 minutes of lecture there's a connecting piece missing. I feel like I should have been paying better attention and don't want to waste class time with something I'm not getting.  This.  

One of the hallmarks of ADHD is not getting enough sleep because you're restless, forcing yourself to stay up because you have something you have to do, and you end up spending all night reading Reddit instead of doing the thing you should be doing.  

It can be the hardest thing to just say "F it, I'm wasting time anyway, I should just go to sleep."

That said, it's 2am and I'm cruising Reddit.  'night, everyone. 😬
 Thanks, but a problem is that my parents keep telling me that I have the potential for better grades and get angry when I come back with F's, so I dont tell them when I get them Ever more so happy to have a professor here who agrees with me, thanks for your posting, it was a fantastic thing for you to do.  I know it will help a lot of people.

THANK YOU. Yeah, well, everyone is different, but you should at least *try*.  I know students that had to be coerced into it and found out it helped them a LOT.
 Yeah, he had health issues and ended up having to have surgery on his foot. So he is unable to make it in now. I feel for him he was cool, I just hate to have to relearn a new teachers style. I just got used to his. Well that’s a refreshing perspective! You seem like a great professor, and are doing a good thing by vocally supporting your students who have endured the struggles that you have endured.  I've seen this with both of my kids.  Formal learning, sitting at desks taking notes from a lecture never worked as well for my kids as getting them involved in a discussion about a topic-- and I think they learned more from it, too.

They got involved in Robotics during their high school career and the collaborative environment was a great thing for them-- I watched them participate and learn like never before. Now that my friend is an interesting question. I think I approach it less with an attitude of 'acceptance' and more with 'compassion.' If I procrastinate, I face it full on and acknowledge that I should not have, and that I will use this moment to become better. The compassion part comes in when I then tell myself: "it is not a goal I will, or can, meet immediately." Changing this part of me will take a long time. So, I simply think at the end of the day "well, I did this well today, and so that improvement gives me hope;" or, I think "well, I did procrastinate today, but I have the honest intention of doing better, and there is no timeline for self improvement, so I am content that I will learn from this." It's worked wonders for me and my peace of mind. I cannot guarantee the same for everyone, but if you find that exercise useful, then I will be quite happy :) Op de middelbare had ik 4 proefwerkweken, dus die zou ik niet allemaal finals noemen, hahaha. Ik denk dan eerder aan "test week" oid Dex is just Adderall 

Boosters are small doses of adderall for people who need an extra kick at the end of the day to get through whatever it is they need to do. 

It's not an every day type of thing, more as needed. 

I only take it when my Vyvanse wears off if I still have a lot of homework after that.  Vyvanse is schedule II, but has lower potential for abuse because it’s a prodrug. In other words, there’s no point in snorting it, because it will have the same effect as taking it orally. It metabolizes into d-amphetamine.  Damn dude! I feel you on the dentist comment, though. The way you are with Vyvanse, I am with narcotic pain medication - a standard dose of hydrocodone doesn't even take the edge off. It blows.  Having had little kids with motion sickness (and ADHD, but that doesn't factor in to it) I've always had airsick bags in my car.  Hauled too many kids around to miss that.  You can get them on Amazon, I just keep 'em in the map pockets.  HIGHLY recommended for Uber/Lyft drivers as well.

 What a great policy.  Yes, but it doesn't work as well. I work really long days and find that I like to be able to control when I take it and when I don't. Your comment helped me feel a bit more sane, too. Nice to know there are others out there who looked for the same path, haha! I would stop at nothing until he paid for that. Unprofessional, unacceptable, and disgusting. Did you talk to your resource center about this? This can be deemed as discrimination.

When I was taking the ACT, I got extended time. My proctor said that I should be docked points because I used extended time, and that there are other students who could use it, but can't. I think you will! I dislike videos and studies like that which indicate that we ‘have’ to be bad at something. Just because something is harder doesn’t mean we have to accept that we cannot do something! I am certain you will make it. Agreed.

I can think of very few careers where you can be successful being completely isolated from everyone.  Even writers, famous for being solitary, have to interact with their editors and publishers *sometimes.*

I can promise you, if you have a hard time with it-- it gets easier with practice. [removed] From a non-professorial point of view, but I have two kids in college-- you do what you do that makes it work for you.

I mean it.  About 10 years ago I completely gave up on writing on paper, because I can never read it.  Whenever I go into a meeting I either have my iPad and a keyboard, or a phone with a keyboard, or my laptop.  Forcing myself to do it that way has drastically improved my retention of important material and ensures I don't lose stuff.

You gotta do what works for you, and if rules like "no phones in the class" get in your way, talk to your professor FIRST, and assure him you're trying to learn and not screw around-- you will probably get a pass on the rules as long as you behave professionally.

 Hi UnimpressionablePine, I don't know if I would say that they have something 'different' to contribute, because I think these things could and sometimes are added by a neurotypical person, although I tend to notice my students with ADHD impressing me more frequently with certain actions. One that actually ties into the example that you provide is that with ADHD you are aware of your mind wandering and, because of a lot of the conditioning that you and I and many others have received, are quite more likely to know when it has caused you to miss part of the equations being taught. That awareness is key. For this instance I'm drawing on the Spiral of Silence theory to illustrate this as a potential strength. In a nutshell, this theory states folks remain quiet if they think that what they say will single them out as being dumb or inattentive (it's so prevalent I'm surprised it's still a theory!). However, you are picking up on your lapses in attention, which gives you the opportunity to be a Godsend for a neurotypical student: your attention is wandering, so it is likely others have as well. But they may not notice it, OR may just attribute their confusion to a lack of understanding / intelligence. Is it fair for you to be the one who has to? No. But I guarantee you that if you are having issues, at least one other student in the class is, too. I have found that many time my students with ADHD have the courage to ask questions when my neurotypical students do not, even when the neurotypical students are having issues.

This is just one idea I'm floating. Others are simply anecdotes that my students with ADHD often have quite amazing insights in discussion. I'm afraid I have no studies to cite on this; only experience.

&#x200B;

Edit: coffee has worn off, fixing minor spelling Yo you better be sleeping Your parents arent your academic advisors though.  [removed] Thank you Ohnosedaisy2!  This got me to read the case for class tomorrow. 

Feel free to be quite happy. Dexedrine is not the same as Adderall exactly - Adderall is a mix of two amphetamine salts (d- and l-amphetamine), while Dexedrine only contains d-amphetamine . For me Adderall has more side effects (makes me sweat a bit and affects my appetite more). And yep, the booster is usually like once every few days, because despite the claims that Vyvanse is an all day med, for some people it wears off sooner than that. It generally craps out around 6-7 hours after I take it.  Understood.  How long does Vyvanse last for the regular release? Thank you for this thread, I’m debating going into teaching as I am finding it harder to keep up in my current role as a project manager. Any insights on where to specialize in as an educator? I did, I actually work at disability services and told my supervisor first.  I then spoke with another woman about it, and she said that talking to the dean may be a good option.


So I spoke to the dean, and he relayed the information to the department and I suppose the professor got a stern talking to about it.


My roommate that was in that class with me has him again this semester and she told me that he did the same lecture about how accommodations aren’t fair in that class.


He’s literally old as dirt and I don’t expect him to learn from his actions.  He’s also incredibly sexist and just nasty to people.  Needs to retire. Sometimes our shortcomings are blessings in disguise.  My degree is in engineering, and I've found that rather than focusing on a specific task, I work better with a bigger picture and less direct involvement in the details.  

My ADHD in this case actually helps me to keep the balls in the air and pay attention to the entire project. Colleagues who are more focused actually find this HARDER to do. Don't be an asshole.  Academic advisors? Im not we have those in croatia.. what do they do? Albert Einstein (who many believe also had ADHD) was quoted as saying *"You never fail until you stop trying."* 

Don't stop trying. Hey, last warning.  Stop being a dick. Yeah, I ended up switching to mydayis pretty much as soon as it came out and it lasts longer than Vyvanse for me 

Like 10 hours instead of 5 or 6  There's no regular release version of Vyvanse. It takes a bit longer to kick in than the alternatives, and they say it can be effective for like 14 hours after taking it, but my experience has been that it works for about half that long. I've seen comments on here from people that said it lasts all day for them, and others who had an experience similar to mine.   There is a professor like that at my school. He doesn't teach any required classes, however he was really sexist and some of my friends reported him to another professor. These people need to change, but discrimination is disgraceful and needs to stop. Unfortunately, that one professor is still working at my University. Excellent! Well done! I’m always very happy when I’ve heard from someone who is able to channel ADHD like this! They work for the school and give you guidance towards completing your degree or coursework.  In some schools you get this from teachers, in other cases like my daughter's school there is a specific department you can go to for advising.  In a specialized program like engineering (sorry, it's my profession, my experiences are from that kind of coursework) you will tend to go to both professors (I had a professor who I asked to be my advisor) and a distinct counseling office (non-major specific) for other advice.  

Having ADHD means you would generally need to talk to the counseling office if you have access to one, and if Croatia acknowledges ADHD as a disability and provides mitigation services (sorry, my experiences are from the US)

In any case, if your parents can't or won't help, and if you want help, try to find someone who can.
 

Pretty much what the title says. They counsel students on planning/managing their major/studies. Probably your university does have someone like that who has office hours for that, even if its just a random prof or faculty member of your field  that does it on the side. But you can ofc always ask profs you trust, regardless of wether they officially do it.  Does it keep you awake? I mainly want folks here, especially those still in school and facing the hassles my kids (and I) do, to realize that this isn't a death sentence, and it can actually be a benefit-- in my case, it was a change of position (program manager instead of hardware/software designer) but it's much more pleasurable for me and I use my education and can contribute just as much as a hardware/software engineer. the only real service in school we have here similar to that is our school psychologists, and we can schedule appointments with them for free for almost every day, I've been seeing her and she's been helping me create a planner of when I do things and then I write if I did it and if I did then when, nad our individualism program where we just get scheduled oral exams and modified tests (no extra time, I asked about this is my old school and current one and they both said no) Im in high school currently, but we dont have specialized people for that kind of work, we just go to our school psychologists for that or teachers Nope! But I generally take it first thing in the morning. It also has much less of a dampening effect on my appetite than Adderall did. When I take the Dexedrine booster, though, I have 0 appetite for 3-4 hours once it kicks in.   In the US you only get extended time if you show a medical need for it.  All of the allowances they grant you are designed to put you on a more equal footing with people that don't have disabilities.

One of my kids doesn't need extended time, but he does need a non-distracting environment-- so he can get that.

Generally, your doctor actually makes a recommendation to the school for the allowances they determine you need and then the school uses that to set up an individual education plan to get you the allowances that you need.

This is in the US, other countries might work differently. > Nope! But I generally take it first thing in the morning. It also has much less of a dampening effect on my appetite than Adderall did. When I take the Dexedrine booster, though, I have 0 appetite for 3-4 hours once it kicks in.

Interesting.  I'll have to ask my doctor about it.  Another question I need to ask.  We're all adults here.  Does it inhibit Captain Winkey's 🍆 ability to salute? Not in my experience! And I do understand the concern - I was on an antidepressant, Effexor, a long time. It gave me a nasty case of the soft rod, I could get it up but sex turned into, like, a chore, and I couldn’t get off.  > Not in my experience! And I do understand the concern - I was on an antidepressant, Effexor, a long time. It gave me a nasty case of the soft rod, I could get it up but sex turned into, like, a chore, and I couldn’t get off.

Indeed.  In my experience it depends on when she sends the go code.  If she sends it right after you take it and you concentrate on her - everything is functional.  But, ~30 minutes after you take it and start studying - there could be issues.  From pushing rope to simply not having the desire.   Definitely stealing “pushing rope” from you 😂 > Definitely stealing “pushing rope” from you 😂

I can't take credit, that is older than the hills!   