How many inattentive types thought they were just extremely depressed? I'm a 22 year old male university student.  Growing up I was extremely smart.  I never skipped grades because I wasn't in a hurry to go anywhere (plus I knew the older kids far less than kids my age).  My teachers always said I had so much potential but that I was extremely inattentive.  This was very true.  I always read or doodled or daydreamed and whenever anyone would talk to me my eyes would just glaze over and I would go into autopilot.  I could have entire conversations and if you asked me about it even half an hour later I wouldn't be able to remember anything you said.  

My friends and I were having a BBQ a little while back and we got talking about how we all met.  They all shared their stories.  Then I had the most embarrassing moment possibly of my entire life.  I couldn't remember when I had met ANY of them.  I thought I remembered a couple but they corrected me saying that they'd literally shared a bunk house with me at overnight camp when we were kids.  

Up until that point in my life, I knew there was something different about me.  I wasn't imagining it.  My parents were anti learning disability and anti ADHD (ironic because my mom is a school teacher).  I just figured I had severe depression.  My dad committed suicide so I knew some sort of mental health thing ran in my family.  That was when I was two.  I only remember my step dad.  

The last couple of years I'd really been struggling with addiction.  My parents forced me to see a psychologist.  He asked me about my past and came to the diagnosis of ADHD Inattentive type pretty much immediately.  It hadn't even crossed my mind.  I just figured your brain being tuned to 5 different stations at once and your eyes glazing over was normal.  I've been medicated for a month and oh my god I've completely got my life turned around.  It truly amazes me how bad it was.  My fiends forgive me for not remembering their birthdays (I always thought it was weird how my friends could remember my birthday) or how we met or anything else.

I'm really surprised no one noticed sooner.  I was a textbook case.  It could have saved me a lot of suicidal thoughts and emotional breakdowns from feelings of hopelessness and detachment from the world.  It's like Now it's like I'm seeing the world through new eyes.  

TL;DR thought I had depression, didn't know what was causing it, considered suicide, got addicted to stuff, got diagnosis, changed my life in all the right ways.       I'm probably in that camp, although I wouldn't be surprised that the bipolar 2 diagnosis I got a few years ago is mostly right too.

Looking to get better/second opinion and ADHD diagnosis soon, but it's hard to find a good provider. But I think I've got one.  I was dx as PI because my hyperactivity wasn’t the type that got me in trouble. I talked a lot but I was so afraid of being in trouble I’d doodle or write fantasy stories in my notebook about elves and dragons and whatever else was running through my brain. It kept me from getting smacked. I didn't get diagnosed until 31. I always thought it was GAD with bouts of depression. This is extremely similar to my experience as well. I felt so lethargic and demotivated all the time in high school I also thought I was depressed.
And I started using illegal stimulants.
I remember in my final year I had a very big and important Biology assignment to do. We got it at the end of the 2nd term so that we could do it during the break and then hand it during the 2nd week of 3rd term.
I didn't hand it in on time.
My teacher was very nice and she cared about her student so she gave me an extension. The only reason why I finally did that assignment was because I was wired out of my mind at 3am in the morning and I finally was able to do the assignment. I handed it in during the 4th term.

Years later I got diagnosed and started medication and my cravings went away almost completely. I was lucky because I couldn't afford to get addicted to the drugs I felt "helped" me. But as soon as I started my proper medication the desire for those cravings went away like 95%. 

I wish I got diagnosed in gr10 or something because then maybe looking back on high school it wouldn't be a catalogue of memories of wasted potential but rather a montage of self improvement and self actualisation.
But I don't get depressed thinking about it like that, I'm just so happy I'm able to work on myself now.

I'm still interested in a million things all at once but now I can actually enjoy my interests and pursue them in such a way that is beneficial to me instead of just ending up with another incompleted venture to feel bad about.

tl;dr take your damn meds and read my post. Just revel in the ability to do that now 😁 When I did my testing for ADHD, I did a personality test to 'rule-out' depression and anxiety because they present themselves in the same way as ADHD often.
I knew I didn't have depression but I learned a lot about it when my doctor explained why they do the testing like that after it was done. It was super eye opening for me. 
I'm sorry you went through that. :( We're glad you're here!  10 years trying antidepressant after antidepressant, not much results.

Tried Ritalin and BAM, found the missing piece of my brain. I was an adult before I was dignozed properly. I was forced into counciling by a job agency. (This did more harm than good). I then got into a shrink(sorry can't find right term) That did a full assessment. Their has been up's and downs since but having a reason is like I light coming on. It helps to see where to focus on better copeing strategies and behavior modifications if needed as my behavior was adding fuel to the issues.  Nah I know I'm inattentive AND depressed Spent my entire adolescence misdiagnosed with depression.  Which was kind of crazy-making for a few reasons.

1. I’m generally a cheerful, optimistic person.  That’s not to say that people can’t *appear* to be cheerful while battling depression, for a number of reasons, or that people with depression are just pessimists.  But I didn’t feel like I was unreasonably sad/listless most of the time and my enthusiasm for things/people/etc was genuine.

2. I want to shout this one from the rooftops:  it’s normal and healthy and good to draw self esteem from achievement and to be sad and confused and disappointed in yourself when you fail to achieve.  Be careful not to confuse “achievement” with “excellence” or “perfection”, here.  I was basically being told that my sadness about not being able to finish projects/clean my room enough to have friends over/get to school on time was not only unhealthy but was in fact *the reason I couldn’t do those things*.  On the one hand its nice that I wasn’t just constantly belittled about my inability to do those things as “motivation” but it was still bananas. I follow the same path as u. But i never considered myself depressed. I dont t get sad stressed or any anxiety. I always just assumed i was just overly indifferent and just withdrawn to everyone around me. Just putting on whatever mask suited the situation to ask.

Also lul i never thought to consider to remember how i met all my good currebt friends. And wow i actually dont know. Its disappointing really to be this overly forgetful of wut i geuss were some good times :/ Sounds really familiar. Except I hung out with slightly more rebellious kids and did get into minor bits of trouble in high school. Went to see a psychiatrist at 15/16 because I constantly felt down, overwhelmed and from time to time, depressed. Got a depression diagnosed family member as well so I figured... Starting to think they might just be misdiagnosed. 

Luckily the therapist who first saw me immediately recognised what I was actually dealing with. Got diagnosed roughly a year later on recommendation of my high school mentor.

Welcome to the Hummingbird Mind tribe :)

That is what Ted Nelson (project Xanadu, hypertext, has severe ADD) calls it and I think it's a far more pleasant way of saying 'my mind and attention jump all over the place'.  Had a very similar experience. I was taking all different kinds of anxiety and depression medication for a couple years until I started trying vyvance. My entire life turned around and it felt like I must have been on auto pilot before or something Yeah my drug/alchohol use basically just stopped when I got on the right meds. Like I didn’t even notice it and one day realized I really was just sober most of the time. Absolutely amazing. 

It’s like the unmanageable ADHD is depressing and having to work so hard to accomplish anything is exhausting, so you end up getting really depressed.

My Psych also told me that adhd can produce social anxiety cause you’re nervous about forgetting important things or saying some dumb unfiltered shit. Just here to *raises hand* turns out both tho ayyyyyyyyy Hahaha. My life I'm in the boat of not being diagnosed for ADHD, and instead labeled for severe depression and anxiety. Ever since I've discovered this subreddit I feel more convinced I may have this. I gotta go a few small hoops to set up a proper appointment, and I haven't done that yet. I was under the impression I had extreme depression for the longest time, and just minor ADHD.

But I always thought it was weird because the depression was not accompanied with feelings of sadness or despair. I’ve gone in and out of depression, so I know what depression actually feels like, so I felt it was weird how I still showed depression symptoms, like being unorganized, unmotivated, etc, without the feeling down. Without the sleeping for 15 hours a night, without losing interest in the things I loved, without the need to overindulge in food.

That’s depression for me. This other unmotivated, not being able to focus on the important things, not being able to finish problems and having to force myself to concentrate, having to take sleeping pills to pass out, etc was just what I thought was me. It was “normal” me.

Even when I considered my life to be going great, and I was always happy and loving my life I had to work really hard to have the bare minimum of success at anything. That’s something entirely different from depression, at least for me. Me! It was the initial reason I went to a psychiatrist. I have always considered myself to be smart and I did really well in high school. 

College was different. I never skipped class and didn’t go wild or party at all, but my grades SUCKED. Lots of Cs. Academic probation.  Literally had to change my major and it took me 5 years to graduate with a degree I didn’t even want. Took a year off and went back to school, determined to do better. Spent another 3 years earning a second degree in something I actually enjoy (biology). Grades were the same. I always assumed I lacked the self discipline to study harder. 

Fast forward to now. I’m in a grad program and I’m only taking a few classes. Same habits and same grades. It made me really depressed because I always start a semester with such positivity, but the same habits started. Procrastinating and literally having my mind all over the place while attempting to study. 

There was always something missing between my passion for school and the results I would get. Finally went to a doc a few weeks ago. Talked about depression and anxiety. He quickly diagnosed me with inattentive ADHD. Meds have been a lifesaver. Honestly.  I thought for 10 years I had depression until someone pointed out something i was doing a lot sounded like how they felt, with ADHD (napping when I couldn't decide what else I should be doing even though there were many things). after looking into it I realized my depression spells could almost always be traced back to a trigger earlier in the day or week--something that caused me anxiety or anger when I felt it shouldn't have, leading me down the rabbit hole of self hate, escaping to sleep, isolation, tears, even more worry, dark thoughts, and the rest. So the depression was secondary, or situational, not primary-- caused by the disruption my undiagnosed ADHD creating for me. I got diagnosed when I was 6 I'm just also am extremely depressed lmao  My doctor still believes I might be depressed instead of having attention deficit, even though most of my father's side of the family has an  official diagnosis- so she met me in the middle and prescribed wellbutrin which is an antidepressant that is often used off label for ADHD Yes, my first diagnosis was essentially treatment-refractory depression for which only MAOIs work, and then an ASD diagnosis later on. But even when depression treatment has me euthymic, that's completely separate from the fact that I would often get nothing done to the extent of basically barely moving; and some aspects of my experience (eg pretty much being programmed to be late for everything) are out of step with what most (though of course not all) "exclusively" ASD people seem to be like. 

So I'm really hoping I can get access to a treatment plan in which I am both not miserable and actually capable of action :P You've described my son, he's 11, and jesus he can't remember much after 15 minutes.

He's taking methylphenidate now, it's better at least for now.  He hates taking his meds because he feels like it turns off his creativity. If he doesn't take them he's gonna flunk outta school. He attends an online school to try and compensate for his inability to focus on a damn thing.

I apologize for hijacking your thread, it's just a relief to realize he isn't as alone as it seems. I thought I was in my adult life.  I pretty much had the same symptoms as you:  Eyes glazing in conversations, not able to pay attention in conversations even when speaking right to the person, not remembering friend's wife's / GF's names.  This got worse as I got older.

I even asked my doctor about it, thinking it was age related memory problems.  But I was in my mid-late 20s at the time and he said I was too young for that kind of thing.

I also had a weird memory.  I wouldn't be able to remember a person's name, even months after we met; but I would remember how we met.  I 'd be able to recite the event down to the words we used in the conversation.  But not their name.  I figured this was just my quirk.

Eventually I noticed I also wasn't learning as fast as others at work and my career was going nowhere compared to others.  I just kept plodding along from contract to contract, earning what I could but never taking off.

Eventually this actually did make me depressed.  Low income = not being able to afford moving out = not participating in life = left behind while everyone fulfills their dreams.


In my youth I also daydreamed a lot.  I remember one time I was being 'interviewed' for a spot on the drama stage production crew.  I had a full on daydream where my mind disappeared into it.  When I came out of it I was smiling like an idiot because it was a funny dream.

How did you change your life in all the right ways? My story is similar to yours. I’m very smart, may sound conceited but it’s what I’ve been told as well, but I never tried very hard and had all the regular symptoms of ADHD.  Except no one noticed or realized,  not even myself. I grew up being compared to my older siblings that graduated top of their class and went on to Ivy’s and have successful careers. Meanwhile I’m just now going back to school after having to withdraw for a year.  Originally I thought all of my problems were that I was just lazy and then later on I thought it was because I was depressed. Which I am but that’s because of everything else.  I just got diagnosed a month ago and have started taking medication but haven’t found one that does much to help me yet. I’m 21 and also a university student so similar boat and all. One thing that really helps for birthdays and everything is your phone calendar and notes in your phone. 

You’re not alone man and good luck, it’s a struggle. Adderall helps almost everything but I’ve noticed months in that symptoms of depression and anxiety are coming back up. So I probably have both  I am/was in a simialr boat. 

I was treated for anxiety and depression for about five years. My Dr. left the practice and I was paired with a new physician. After a few appointments, I told her that I felt pretty even keeled but didn't feel like the medicines I was taking was working any more (Klonopin and Prozac).

She and I began to talk about how I was feeling and it didn't take long until she asked me if I had ever been tested for ADD/ADHD. I said no, and well, here we are.

&#x200B;

Since starting Adderal more than a year ago, I've been able to ween off of Klonipin and Prozac because I didn't feel bad any more. I feel much more focused and actually get things done! Funny part about all of this is that I am a special education director and have a masters degree in behavioral disorders! 

So funny how things work.  Oh dear god yes. "Just be less depressed and your focus will be better!" Yeah fuck you dude.

Been told I was depressed since 10. Also given meds for bipolar which didn't work, GAD, asked if OCD cause I wouldn't stop fidgeting and tags bother me. 

Went on extreme meds from 15-19 and again at 23, and again 25-28 with no luck. Suggested for ADHD testing at 25 just kinda... Forgot. Got banned from ECT for memory issues. Was about ready to shoot them and myself. 

Actually looked into it probably 10 months ago and went uhhhhhhhh that sounds far far far closer. Talked to GP. GP was like let's try Strattera or Concerta while waiting for shrink.

Got on Concerta about 6? months ago and HOLY FUCKING SHIT. 

Shrink was also girls don't get ADHD so we just kinda elected to ignore him. Set up testing on my own. Got a job again. Started reading books. Did massively better.

I think I may have traits of depression but it's more born out of failure and negitive self talk. But I'm no longer drugged to the point of falling down stairs and useless. I wanna cry. 

I am actually fairly certain my Dad wouldn't have killed himself if he'd gotten looked at for ADHD. I remember him being better, he thought like me and my ADHD sister, his schooling was the same nightmare. But instead he was on anti depressants that had him asleep most of the time cause it was better then being awake and just... 

I really wish I'd found out ages ago. And was able to tell him. Bipolar 2 is easy to confuse with ADHD and to be honest ADHD is far more common. The question is when you are sad are you still restless? When you are happy are you still a disorganized mess? Lithium or lamictal may help the mood but you’ll still be totally unable to focus. Well, I wish you the best of luck.  Finding the right diagnosis is huge. Hah you just named the coping technique that got me through college. Lmao.  There isn't a page in any of my notebooks that don't have doodles.  Great way to fly under the radar  That's what everyone always told me.  I'm guessing you probably had a feeling something was different though.   Part of me wishes I was diagnosed early, just like you.  But now I really appreciate my new found clarity.  That's how I think about it.
Addiction= gone
I'm a master of my thoughts.  So nice to know other people know the struggle.   What wast the depression and anxiety testing like? I don't think I've ever seen this mentioned before. Being diagnosed with depression or other mood disorders was...depressing lol.  But when you inevitably don't get better and lose hope, thinking you're beyond the help of modern medicine  I totally feel the mask thing, and assuming you were just indifferent.  It made me feel like I was living a lie.   >adhd can produce social anxiety cause you’re nervous about forgetting important things or saying some dumb unfiltered shit.

OMG, yes!  I've said so much stupid shit I feel safer not saying anything until I've run it through several times.  But by that time the topic has passed.  If I say it anyway I sometimes get weird looks. Dude so much yes.  I've been sober since I started on my meds and I've been smoking a lot less.  I don't even notice.  Social anxiety too.  Being the master of my own thoughts is such a great feeling.   Do it.  If you do have ADHD it'll be such a liberating feeling.  I never knew it could manifest itself as a mood disorder  Same for me, the reason I haven't been diagnosed or even evaluated so far is because I am honest and told my doctors I smoke weed. I need to be clean for 3 months before we can even start the evaluation.

I have had symptoms of depression but during these times of "depression" I have had a day here and there or moments that makes me smile, laugh and be happy. I also never really felt this feeling of everything being boring or shit, I during this time always found some joy in computer games as an example.  


Now truly depressed people won't find joy, happiness or even laugh during their depression. Personally my mood/emotion is almost like my train of thought, in constant flux.  Wow this is so relatable. I didn't realize until college that something was different. In high school I was a straight A student but as soon as college hit- I started pulling C- in my classes and could never remember stuff. I'm now in my second year of college and am desperate to visit a psychiatrist to check out what the hell is happening. I am convinced that I either have depression, anxiety, ADD/ADHD or something of a mix. 

You said you were better with meds? How did it change your life?  Jesus Christ!  You just named two of the four (soon to be five for an additional anxiety med) pills I’m on & the most recent diagnosis of bipolar II after they put me on traditionally bipolar meds for my depression & that I’d mentioned my sister had been diagnosed as bipolar (which has since been changed to ADHD, anxiety, depression).  

A friend of mine turned me on to this Reddit as she has ADHD; RS, & my wife was just diagnosed with both, too.  The suicidal thoughts, inability to function in tradition school settings (would have failed high school but was able to take the CHSPE & essentially skip the last two years; had to do a ‘choose your own adventure’ degree in college because I failed in multiple majors); memory lapses & problems finishing or sticking with tasks; etc.  I’ve been able to spin these issues in ‘wins’ but at great costs to my relationships & psychological stability.  I can’t believe how much all of this means to see other people who’ve gone through this with the misdiagnosis & feeling of being totally crazy that others don’t have this internal turmoil & seem to live in this other oblivious world of lollipops & sunshine.  Feeling broken.  Thank you all so much & I’m sorry to ramble on.  I tried to tell my wife how much I could relate to her & she blew me off saying that I was being patronizing, but reading these posts gives me strength to fight that & talk to my therapist on Monday about getting evaluated for ADHD & delving into whether I have RS as well, or if my other symptoms just relate to my drug resistant depression & anxiety.  Again, thank you all.

Note: I’m 35 now.  This could be life changing. An example would be asking the question twice within the test about losing interest in things and wording it once so it would be due to anxiety/depression and one due to ADHD. I'm not exactly sure the wording. Things like that. A quick Google search brought me to this too.
https://www.additudemag.com/adhd-anxiety-depression-the-diagnosis-puzzle-of-related-conditions/ Yeah it’s like I can trust myself in public hahah. I have done wild things since Being on meds like setting up payment plans for overdue bills and asking for a raise. Seems silly to some but to me it’s a miracle. I’ve only been taking them for 2 weeks. It’s not like this amazing difference where I just can sit and study for 10 hours straight, but I’m actually about to do my homework and study/read without my mind turning off. 
For me it’s just an insane new sense of awareness. I don’t know if anyone else has experienced the same type of thing, but it’s awesome. 
Prior to meds, literally my entire life, I easily forget what happened during my entire day because my mind was never focused. It didn’t occur to me that I had been spacing out all day until taking meds.
Last week my boyfriend asked how my day was and I remembered everything I did. Sounds so silly, but my usual response is “I don’t know. Chilled”. Now it’s more like “Did some laundry. Finished this assignment. Made some lunch” etc. 
I just feel like my mind is always going, but not in an overwhelming or panicky way haha psychiatrists have this funny habit of thinking alike.

you can have ADHD and bipolar II. It's not a mutually exclusive diagnosis. There is a thought that the pathophysiology of bipolar II is distinct from bipolar 1. Interestingly I'm reading Eric Kandel's book right now for residency and he talks about the cingulate gyrus involvement in bipolar disorder, but if you've seen Russell Barkley's lectures online, you'll know that the anterior inferior and superior cingulate gyrus are ALSO involved in ADHD.
Pesky area, that cingulate gyrus.

A side note: this is why it's important a medical doctor is involved in diagnosis. The neurobiology knowledge required to recognize mimics of ADHD is simply too vast for someone only trained in psychodynamic or behaviorism, without medicine and neurology, to do entirely on their own. Mental health is very much a team sport and you need all of the members involved. I wish more doctors used a test like that, I kept getting diagnosed with depression when I knew I wasn’t depressed because of how I worded my answers. Yes I didn’t do a lot, the problem was never that I felt hopeless and *didnt* want to do anything, I *wanted* to do just about everything, I just couldn’t get my ass to move it. And it’s like that for a lot of symptoms. Say only half of the situation or phrase it differently a symptom of ADHD can sound like anxiety and/or depression.  