“I don’t believe in ADHD”, thanks mom! I’ve always struggled with attention, especially in class and such. However pre-high school I could cope with it, the material was easy. So I didn’t really care about my attention problems.

High school rolls around and I now need to focus on class, study at home, etc. And I struggle with it a lot, I never needed to before, and only now did I realize there was a problem. 

I’m currently a Junior, and after reading up on ADHD and struggling with depression for a while, I realized that I defo had a problem, so I asked my mom to get checked. She was highly supportive as she also has depression, so we went.

After the first two assessment sessions, they had a pretty good idea of what was wrong, but said it would take two weeks to write it down in a report. They told us I had clear signs of ADHD-PI and depression. However for the entire two weeks after the appointment, my mom kept scolding me because she thought I was making shit up and I had no ADHD cause they said I didn’t to her (something she made up it seems), and she said I was only convincing myself I was ill cause I wanted to be. I keep researching and reading up on my own time, and whenever I found something interesting, I’d send it to her, which would result in the same response. She kept claiming that ADHD wouldn’t come up in the report and it was a non-issue.

Report comes in on Thursday; and she attempts to hide it cause she’s “wondering if I’m supposed to see it or not, or if it’s just for the parents”. I’m obviously angry, it’s my fucking diagnosis, I deserve to know. Eventually I read it, and now I know why she tried to hide it. It says I have ADHD-PI, and the recommended treatment is medication, since our attempt at CBT was unsuccessful, it just didn’t help.

My mom is one of those people who believes anything they see on Facebook or TV, she always knows better than the doctor cause she’s had “experience”, the doctors are always wrong, medicine is bad, oh no chemicals, so on so forth. 

She tells me that she refuses the idea of getting me medication, cause she doesn’t believe in ADHD, and that there’s no proof it exists. She also says that the medication (Ritalin) has too many side effects, which although it’s true are worth it. She talks about the times that science has been wrong and that she does not want to give me medication only for science to end up saying they were wrong. I try to explain to her that ADHD is definitely real, and that it affects my day to day life very much, and to me, any sort of help I could get is absolutely vital. And just because there’s a risk, doesn’t mean I’m just gonna lie down and do nothing. I believe in medicine and the medication has worked for many people, it’s not that it’s all made up. And she starts bullshitting that it’s not and that all her friends on the medication hated it, that it sucks. She also made claims like I’m not like “those kids” and don’t behave like them, so I can’t have ADHD. I tell her that I have ADHD-PI, and that hyperactivity is absolutely minimal, which is why I’m not like “those kids”. This is maybe the 5th time I’ve explained to her how that ADHD-PI is, and only now did she tell the difference.

Now she’s refusing to agree with the doctor’s suggestion to get me medication, and keeps saying “do whatever you like to your body when you’re 18, but I’m not poisoning my child” and etc.

What the fuck do I do? Unfortunately, I’m bound to whatever my parents say regarding treatment, cause I’m their child. However I’m worried I’m not going to get the treatment I need. ADHD has been a strong cause (but not the only) for my depression, and the hopes of getting help was extremely uplifting, now I just feel like shit.

This also isn’t the first time my mom has affected my treatment or diagnosis. On the subject of depression, I scored for Major Depression from tests, however my mother’s end score for unlikely depression. Due to this I am being treated for moderate depression instead of major. I’m kind of perplexed by this, as I do not tell my mom much about my mood or etc, and she doesn’t know much about it either. Should I not bring this up? It seems interesting. So, coming at you as a 35 yo mom of two teenagers, and all three of us have ADHD. I wasn't diagnosed until last year, but my 17 yo was diagnosed at 9, and my 14 yo at 10. 

 I believe you. 

Sometimes, it's hard to live with parents who are too afraid of what's going on around them to really approach the situation with an objective perspective - my mom, as much as she loves me, was similar in some respects. If you don't acknowledge it, it's not happening, right? And for a parent who may be suffering from depression and anxiety, to have a child who may also have these needs, can be super overwhelming. Should she be working on helping you get treatment? Absolutely, but it's like being on an airplane when the pressure drops - you can't help others until you put a mask on, yourself. Huge, huge kudos to you for being proactive about this. Even if things are hard right now, the minute you turn 18, you will be so far ahead of the game when it comes to knowing what you need to be successful. Keep researching, work with your doctor, and don't be afraid to reach out and try alternative methods of therapy. 

In the meantime, I'll tell you that even KNOWING that you have the diagnosis and understanding that certain things you are doing are an effect of the ADHD helps. I'm still working on finding the meds that work best for me (I've been on the adderall train  since diagnosis, with some dosage adjustments), and when I hit a point where I know the current dose isn't effective anymore and I see myself doing things that I know are my ADHD quirks, I just try to be aware of them. At work, I make sure to move around pretty often and I keep something to fiddle with, if I get antsy. I also tend to "eat to stay awake" (I work 12 hour shifts in emergency medicine), so I try to pack good food so I'm not hitting the break room and snack machines. My son and I study together - he's a senior this year with a couple of AP classes, and I'm in school to finish my bachelor's. I tend to work best the the beginning of our sesh, and he does better towards the end. If studying is hard, read up on the 80/20 phenomenon and apply that! It's helped us both. At home, if I'm off work, I try to keep a pretty similar schedule every day. Routines are key for me. 

My long, rambling point is that there are a lot of factors that go into being functional every day when you have ADHD, and medication is just one of them. I'm sorry that you've hit a road block there, but continue to work at the areas you CAN control, and you'll still be making progress. Keep your chin up, and know that your internet mom tribe is out here pulling for you! 

Hugs and stuff, kid. You're going to be amazing. 
- random internet mama Here's a bit of advice: I've found that people are more responsive to *you* than they are to *your illness*.  So I had an issue with my wife (she didn't necessarily disbelieve it, so much as didn't understand it), but what really made her respond was me articulating how *her reaction* was making *me feel*.   
  
I told her that when she expressed skepticism about some aspect of my illness, that *she was making me feel unheard, unimportant, and unloved.*  My wife suffers from anxiety sometimes, like full-blown panic attacks, and I told her that even though *I find it impossible to imagine* what it feels like to have a panic attack, that I can't even form a picture of the experience in my head.  But I still accept that she can feel things and experience things differently from me, so if there is something I can do to help her I'll do it, even though if I don't understand it (like pull over to the side of the road for her to catch her breath, etc), that she just needs to let me know.  
  
There is no way your mother has never had the experience of someone devaluing the 'idea' of depression being a legitimate illness.  So if I were you, I would stop trying to convince her about the science and simply express the pain and humiliation she makes you feel with her reaction.  
  
Don't appeal to her head, appeal to her heart.  Don't ask for understanding, ask for *compassion*.  
  
Good luck. Sounds tough. Ritalin has no side effects for me. Tell her it will help you will do more chores. 

It is helping me write my Christmas Cards.  OP, I would strongly encourage you to post about this over at /r/legaladvice as well. Most healthcare professionals will treat patients who are 12 years of age and older without requiring their parents’ consent, but actual laws about the age of consent for medical care vary by state. 

I grew up in New Jersey and by the time I was a junior in high school, my doctor and I made decisions about my health care and medication without my parents’ involvement. 

Tell your psych what’s happening—that your mother is trying to prevent you from obtaining the medication you need to function from day to day. If transportation is an issue for you, get a friend with a driver’s license to take you to your appointments and to the pharmacy to get your medication, or ask another adult you trust to help you. 

The people over at /r/legaladvice can help you know what your rights are and what your mother does or doesn’t actually have legal control over when it comes to your mental healthcare. That's really rough and I'm sorry your mom is being so difficult about your diagnosis. My mother in-law is the same way. I've found the How-to ADHD videos on YouTube really helpful for explaining the science and symptoms to other people. Also, it may be worth mentioning that there are non-stimulant medications our there if Ritalin is her main concern. Good luck! I hope you help her see the light soon!  Does she hate vaccines and think the world is flat too?

Serious tho that’s frustrating. This really pisses me off to hear. Ignorance is a very destructive disease. 

While meds might have to wait, there’s lots of other self help you can do in the meantime to make life a little easier for you. There’s lots of different coping mechanisms out there, just do a little googling and you can learn a lot.

I can reassure you ADHD is NOT fake. It’s a very debilitation disorder that affects a lot of us every single day. It’s an all around mental block and can fuck with every aspect of your life. Even though your mother doesn’t care about your mental health, take action for yourself and start making good habits early.  > She tells me that she refuses the idea of getting me medication, cause she doesn’t believe in ADHD, and that there’s no proof it exists

I would sit her down and watch [this lecture](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzBixSjmbc8eFl6UX5_wWGP8i0mAs-cvY)

If she won't watch the full 2 hours, the 7th video in the playlist explains how they know ADHD exists on a biological level and video 8 discusses the genetics/biochemistry and how the medication works. She's letting you take medication for depression but not ADHD? What a damn hypocrite. Point that out to her? Sorry if I'm jumping to conclusions, your post just said you were "being treated" for depression. 

Everyone is different, but I was also diagnosed with depression and ADHD-PI and all the depression medication did was make me worse. There only thing that helped my depression (and ADHD) was medication for the ADHD. 

I completely agree your mom is being ridiculous. I don't know how to get her to let you take the meds. Maybe just constantly telling her the benefits, having other people with ADHD who take meds talk to her, showing her all the ways you're struggling. 

She says "you're not like those other kids" because she has a complex. She's seeing her own ego of having a "perfect child" as being more important than your actual success. Do you have any relatives who can speak to her about letting you take the meds? They could point out that they noticed you've been struggling and they think you need help.

I'm just brainstorming here, but talk to your teachers and see if they'll talk to your mom. Maybe your teachers will be able to help you in other ways too, like finding extra tutoring or giving you a quiet place to take tests. Sounds like you are in a tough situation. I would definitely let her know that Ritalin is not the only medication that can treat ADHD and that there are non-stimulant options as well. I think your best bet is to try and convince her to take you back to the doc to “discuss other options” and then let the doctor know of your mothers concerns.    
It sounds like she is just uninformed and hopefully the doctor can talk some sense into her.     
Also, not to pry, but is there another parent in the picture that can take you back to the doc and make those decisions that your mom won’t? As someone with ADHD-C who was diagnosed at 29, I feel for you. Even though my brother was diagnosed as a kid, I couldn't have ADHD because I was smart and "organized" (I am not. At all. Should have seen my desk in school and my bedroom growing up. Actually, you should see my bedroom today). This is despite the fact that I ended up dropping out of university, and had trouble holding down a job. And that my brothers ritalin was the only thing that got me through 2+ hour exams that they knew I was taking. I digress.

Point is, I get it. People have given some great advice, but there is one thing I want to add (however, I only read the first few top comments so I aplogize if this next part has already been said).

My Dad has adhd. And it is actually really bad, and really affects his life and wellbeing. Today, he finally acknowledges that he likely has it too, but doesn't really get how medication can help and refuses to acknolwledge that it is a good thing for me. For him, if he could cope all his life, I should also be able to cope because my intelligence should counteract the symptoms. Is it possible that the reason your mom doesn't believe in ADHD is that she also suffers symptoms from it that she thinks is normal? Sometimes, it is hard to acknolwledge that something could be wrong with someone that you love when yoy struggle with the same things, because it means that something may also be wrong for yourself. Which can open up a can of worms about how you were your own barrier in getting help, and how you have been a barrier for those you love. Just basing this off of my experience, and it very well could be different for you.

You are young, and you are lucky that you figured this out on high school. Knowing why you are the way you are is half the battle and can help a lot with self esteem and the emotional consequences of having lived with unmanaged adhd. Which will put you ahead of many. By the time you are able to take medication without needing your moms consent, you will miles ahead. Good luck, I am rooting for you!!!

Forgive typos, am on mobile! I'd start pushing for group therapy for your depression hard.  Maybe even talk with a psychologist about anxiety too.  Your current situation is definitely anxiety-provoking. Medications, while helpful, won't  address the underlying issues. Group therapy was incredibly helpful to me.

It may be worth making a call to child protective services.  Tell them about your diagnosis of depression and ADHD-PI, and how your mother's poorly informed decisions is causing you distress and ramping up your depression.  They probably won't do anything, but the right case worker may give your mother the lecture she deserves.

Where is your father in all of this?  If he's around, you may want to talk to him about helping you get the treatment you need. If you get your father's support, you may be able to bypass your mother's consent.

Other options include getting a lawyer or getting yourself emancipated.  That's basically being declared competent enough by the courts to support yourself and make your own decisions about your life and care.  To actually pull off the emancipation, you need to find a job and a place to live, and support yourself entirely outside your mother's home. That's going to be incredibly hard for someone with ADHD-PI, but it's that or waiting until you're 18 to get the treatment you need. Hey there. Sorry to hear about what a struggle this has been for you. 

1. **Figure out why your mom is so strongly opposed to ADHD.** Maybe she knows someone who had it really severely, and that makes her think that since you're not as bad, you don't have it? Or maybe she knows of someone who has abused ADHD medication, or someone who was wrongly diagnosed as ADHD? Maybe she's seen some frightening daytime talk show segment about the dangers of kids abusing medication that scared her off of it. If you could figure out what she thinks of ADHD in general, her attitudes towards people who have it or her specific fears about medication, that might get you closer to convincing her. 
2. **Talk to your mom about the risks of NOT getting treated.** I'm 33 years old. I was always a "gifted and talented" student when I was young, top achiever, skipped a grade, the whole bit. But in high school, my grades plummeted. With proper diagnosis and treatment, I'm sure I would have stayed on track with my previous achievement. I would have gone to a great college and earned a lot of scholarship money. But I went to a mediocre school, had to take out loans to cover the whole thing, and I did poorly in a lot of my classes. I am not working in the field I studied today. I would be in an entirely different place in my life had my mom taken my struggles seriously and had me evaluated/treated. Your mom might think she's protecting you from some imaginary danger of medication, but she's also taking big risks with your future. She's taking chances with your college choices and with your future earning potential. If you get it treated now, you're going to have a lot more doors open to you. I don't want to scare you, but I want you to be able to talk to her about this aspect. 
3. **Talk to your doctor about her resistance.** He/she should be able to address any specific concerns your mom has. Maybe they can talk her into trying a low dose of medication, or reassure her that you'll be closely monitored for side effects and to make sure the drug is doing what it should be. They might even be able to do something to help without her knowledge or permission. 
4. **Talk to a guidance counselor or social worker at school.** They may also be able to help, or come up with another solution for you. If you don't manage to convince your mom and get proper treatment, someone at your school might at least be able to help you with some accommodations, or talk to your teachers about how they can best help you learn. 
5. **Research alternative or supplemental treatments.** I never suggest alternative treatments RATHER than medication, but if for some reason you don't have access to medication, it's worth a shot. You could get some benefit. Some people have great success with regular, intense exercise. Some people benefit from eating a particular kind of balanced diet. I've found meditation to be a little helpful. I also get a lot more work done with a fidget cube in my hand than I do without... just a little source of stimulation to get me through boring tasks. Regular, brief walks outside (5-10 minutes) also help me re-focus when I find my mind wandering. 

I'm sorry you're dealing with this! It's frustrating and unnecessary. I hope she figures it out soon. If not, there are lots of us in the world who don't get treated until a little later in life, and our lives can still be great.  Tell her that her depression isn’t real and then send her the peer reviewed papers d monstrating ADHD is real. I bet she can’t resd scientific loterature. Cap it off with a big “adhd brains are literally smaller in the prefrontal cortex under MRI” I just watched this: https://youtu.be/YSfCdBBqNXY

Have her watch it from start to finish. Watch it yourself. I've never seen a better video and I've watched quite a few.

Notice the part where he talks about the parents feeling guilty. Your mother could be going through that herself and is desperately looking for a magic bullet or some other explanation that doesn't implicate her.

My sister is like this with her kids. She feels like ADHD puts blame on her. Not directly but you can tell. It's because of all the misinformation.

The really ironic part is these natural health movements assign financial motivation as the reason doctors over prescribe for ADHD but turn around and charge insane rates. Like you have to go through a battery of tests and assessments to be told to restrict your diet, cut out gluten and dairy, take some useless supplements, and exercise more. It will have an improvement for sure but will never actually treat anything.

It's absolutely mind-boggling that in a world so technologically advanced that so many people distrust science or don't understand how it's fundamentally neutral.  Tell her she is withholding medical treatment and that you plan on contacting Child Protective Services. It’s absolutely no different than you having celiac disease and her feeding you stuff with gluten. She can be miserable if she wants to, but you don’t have to be.  I just wrote a similar post, only just saw this post. I know how you feel though. It's so frustrating when no one believes you 😞 I think you've gotten some really good advice here and I'm not going to repeat it, except to back up the idea that medication is \*part\* of the answer.  you're young, which is great. You have lots of time to figure this stuff out. I was diagnosed at about 46 years old.  Learn some cognitive behavioural techniques. Figure out what exercise helps you. Any foods that exacerbate it? Help it? How's coffee? Tea? Sugar? Learn to write lists and follow them. Every day. Try to get one month of lists crossed off in a row. There are skills you can learn that aren't about medication. Once you're on medication, these skills will help you immensely.  When you get paid, or get money, do you blow it? Do you budget? How are you at keeping your space clean? Completing things?  If you can spend this time getting as good as you can at this stuff, once you're on meds, if meds end up being an answer for you, you will already be ahead of yourself. Good luck to you! It sounds like you know yourself well, and I am
sorry to hear that you are struggling to have your needs met in this way!

My non-nuclear advice is this: enlist allies at school. Is there a trusted guidance counsellor or administrator that you can share your diagnosis with, as well as your desire to get medical treatment? This is helpful for a few reasons:

- They can be aware of accommodations that you might need in school to support you as you try to cope with the increased academics demands
- They can support you on your path to post-secondary and help you access supports once you get there

And most importantly: 
They can provide an objective 3rd party to advocate for you with your mom. It sucks that she isn’t listening to you, but sometimes the path to acceptance is longer than we want it to be. If she is willing to meet with someone from the school, they might be able to help open her eyes to the benefits of medication, and they can share their own experiences with students who have benefited from being diagnosed and receiving proper treatment.

My advice is to exhaust this path before you go nuclear with legal or CPS options. I get it: it feels like an urgent crisis, and it is very important! But it is likely not the best to let ADHD impulsivity take the driver’s seat in this situation. If your mom took the steps of having you assessed, she might come around. I’m not sure of the timelines here, but she may end up being your ally in the end. 

Regardless, I am impressed by your initiative and insight! Good luck! I wish you all the best!

Signed,
Internet mom who totally goes nuclear way too often and has learned the hard way that people can and do change.... just not fast enough sometimes!!! Yeah my mom says that I'm not I'll and I'm just a lazy spoilled brat 😢 Taking charge of adult ADHD by Russell Barkley may also help with techniques to use in place of medicine  if you can't get it I will say, from my limited experience, that for some people who are also presenting signs of depression, some ADHD meds, including Ritalin, may *not* actually be worth the downsides. I had other underlying issues causing my depression, but Ritalin *badly* worsened it, causing suicidal ideation and attempts. Make sure you speak at length with an attention specialist about your options for medication, and be 100% honest with them about everything, including your depression.

That said, the diagnosis is such a load off, I'm glad you have that, now! Being a person with ADHD is not so bad, but being a person with ADHD who doesn't know they have ADHD is ***awful***. I hope you find an awesome medication that helps normalise the noise and helps you focus! The good thing about facts is that they dont change no matter what somebody feels about it. 

Therefore a good response is “i dont appreciate having my problems trivialized or is your (depression, anxiety, erectile dysfunction, dyslexia ) just a cover for how much you suck at life?” 

Of course i really like giving zingers to people who talk down to me so that might not be appropriate.

I have ADD and i get the same from my own mom. I was medicated once but the prescription was never renewed.  

In a pinch you can use caffeine to help you focus. It doesn’t work for everyone but if nothing else the placebo effect can do something. My dad doesn't believe in mental illness and he has ADHD.  ITS NOT FUCKING SANTA CLAUS MOM "Its okay mom, there are still many people that dont believe the earth is round, either." This kinda reminds me of a conversation I had with someone:

Me: “Maybe a standing desk might help”
Person: “I don’t believe in standing desks”
Me: “No, they’re very much real, I have one at home”

 Be careful with depression and ADHD medication and never quit cold turkey, that’s all I have to add.
I wish you all the best and I hope you get your meds! Ring child line or social services. Honestly, refusing medication is considered neglect. Or at least it is where I live. Give it a try, hopefully something will come out of it.  I would just make a doctors appointment without her knowing, and go alone. Fill the prescription yourself. If you have a job and can afford to, that is. 

That's what I did when I was 16 and wanted birth control pills, but they were a lot cheaper than adhd meds. 

If the doc even asks I would jus say your mom is at work and couldn't make it. Which would probably be true... she couldn't make it because she didn't know about the appt. 

Lying is wrong, but if you don't treat your ADHD life becomes very difficult the more you advance in school. 

Good luck!! You have a lot of great comments here on how to deal with your mom right now. You should definitely follow them. However, if your mom is like my mom, they might not work.

I had severe diagnosed depression and ADHD and my mom REFUSED to let me take medication for them. My doctors and I tried everything. One suggested taking her to court for it. 

I suffered through high school, went to college, and got the meds I needed my first week through the campus medical center.

So if nothing works... focus on turning 18. You will be in control of your own medical conditions the rest of your life.

Hugs! Feel free to message me if you need someone to talk to about this.  Tina Fey Eyeroll.gif

At your mom  Dude, I was supposed to have been medicated when I was in third grade and my mom just didn't believe in it. took years and years as an adult to get it done and so much of my life was a hot mess until now. It's important. I'm sorry you're going through this experience. tell her you believe in the flying spagetti-monster now and that it has healed you from all you ailments! 
Ramen, my brother!  I came across a study that found that 50mg of caffeine taken every hour during periods where you need to focus was almost as effective as prescription medication. What I did was I bought a bottle of caffeine pills from the drug store, which typically come in 200mg pills, and I also picked up a pill splitter. Every pill got cut into quarters so each piece was about 50mgs, and I'd take one of those quarter pieces per hour when I was doing homework or studying, or if I needed to do cleaning. I definitely found it helpful, and no prescription is required. It's not their beliefs that matter. It's the medical research and doctors and scientists and what they study that matters. *This is why I never told my parents I think I have ADHD! This is why I don't have a definite diagnosis! This is why I'm waiting till college to get my mind sorted out!* Curious about your mention of being treated for moderate vs severe depression. What is happening differently in your treatment? Usually any medications or therapies are targeted to a person’s symptoms rather than a degree of depression. Wondering what this changed for you?  

Could you ask your doctor for help talking to your mother about testing your ADHD? Doctors and therapists often have to educate clients and family members about diagnoses and facts vs. myths (I.e., different presentations of ADHD - isn’t just the hyperactive little boy who won’t sit still). Might be worth a call to talk to them about it before your next appointment. Best of luck!   Oh wow, that's infuriating. Every medication and food is "science" in some sense. Like why does she (probably) trust the scientific consensus that vegetables are healthy? I honestly have no clue what to do. It might even be counterproductive to continue arguing with her as people like that are prone to digging their heels in further. Good luck, I hope your mom changes. Understanding and compassion is something that I personally always need. Other than that I am also at a loss as to what to ask for in terms of help for others.  Am I understanding this correctly? She suffers from depression herself but doesn't believe in your ADHD? Does she get medically treated for it? That's a punch in the face for me.

I'd like to give you further advise but I assume there already are a lot of posts with good information on how to handle your situation. Get used to it.  You'll be getting this reaction for the rest of your life. Too bad it started with your mom.  Not even half the people who have diagnosed ADHD are sure that they are not just lazy and disorganized.  That's where the depression comes in. 
We still wonder if we're just not trying hard enough.  Well first, sorry OP your mom doesn’t sound like the easiest person to reason with. If your ADHD is bad I’d recommend talking with some adult you trust. I’d recommend a school counselor or teacher, but that entirely up to you. Without those meds I know I probably wouldn’t have made it through elementary school. I was diagnosed at 5 and have since been medicated (currently sophomore in college). My freshman year I felt like I knew it all and went unmedicated my first semester. Didn’t end well and I really appreciate what it does for me. It helps me slow down and not zone out with everything I do. Best of luck OP and I hope this gets resolved "I don't believe in ADHD" well tell that to my almost failed marriage. (After diagnosis and medication everything is exponentially better now. Our relationship is better than ever, so yeah there is hope). Informed consent maybe? It's not a perfect solution, but maybe she would be more agreeable to letting you take non-stimulant drugs. Try talking to her/your doctor about Straterra, for example. Just a thought. Good luck! Show your mom this... https://youtu.be/YSfCdBBqNXY Before now, I didn’t realize they were put under the same umbrella, I’m sorry.  My husband worried about the side effects on our son. I do to. But I am also just as worried about his emotional development of kids won’t play with him because he gets too hyper and excited. 

He’s a smart kid and I don’t want him struggling in school when he really doesn’t need to. 

We live in a world where if you can’t focus you will not succeed.  Tell her you have a much higher chance of dying young without medication.  Seriously.. 

Then, talk to the doctor without her there and see what they can do for you.  I don’t have anything to add except maybe try to get some good info in front of her via Facebook. Get a relative or friend to post something... Good thing she's not a doctor. Fortunately for me, I am 21 and so I decide on my own medical treatments and my parents don't have a say in it. But after I was diagnosed I took days to phone my mom and tell her and when I finally did she told me I should get a second opinion because she knows that I don't have it. She had me in tears because she wouldn't listen to anything I had to say and kept saying I don't have it. I have a family history of depression and anxiety disorders, which both my siblings and dad are medicated for, so she isn't against medication and is very understanding of mental illness so I was surprised when she was so insistent that I am fine. I believe it is because she was a special education teacher for the majority of her career and worked with the kids who were high-level ADHD hyperactive, and didn't do well academically because of this. Where I got diagnosed with ADHD-PI, so I was never the hyperactive kid in school. However,  I was the kid that would have 2 pages worth of missing work in middle school and was not put in any honors classes in high school because my teachers said I had the grades but I was too "spacey" in class. I think the fact that I succeeded in high school was because I had academically strict parents that got me tutors and didn't let me fall behind if they could help it, and I am smart when given the proper structure. But after high school when I no longer had the structure and I was forced to manage my university courses for myself I went off the rails. I was failing classes, and scraping by the classes I didn't fail. It wasn't until 4th year that I told myself that "enough is enough" and sought out help. I am now on medications and am starting counseling to help specifically with my ADHD. However, I still have not told any of my family I am on medication because no one believes my diagnosis and it is so hard to not be able to tell my mom, who I am really close with, how I am finally able to focus enough in school to do well. Fortunately, I have friends around me who have been so encouraging through it all and who believe me and I think that has been my biggest help in all of this.  Talk to your teachers and counselor. Tell them that you've diagnosed but your mom is being an asshole about it and that you want to find ways to cope since she's resisting to play ball. I'd start with the counselor first I probably have similar presentation to you, not diagnosed until later in life, my personal story makes a pretty good case for medication if you want your mum to have a phone call with me and hear about it. Send a PM if you're keen. "The good thing about science is that even if you don't believe that ADHD exists, the vast majority of the medical community, including the authors of the DSM-V, disagree with you. Since you're not a medical professional, I'm inclined not to give your belief much weight." This is why I’m scared to tell my parents that I’m going in to try and get diagnosed with ADHD granted I’m 24 so it doesn’t matter if they believe me or not but when my dad found out I had depression he couldn’t believe that and just asked “what do you even have to be depressed over?” So now if I do get diagnosed it’ll be just like that except “you were so good in school there’s no way you have that” overall should be a fun talk.  Preventing you from receiving medical treatment is considered child abuse. Not that you should report your mom, but you might be able to use that fact as leverage. It sounds like she would rather stay in denial than admit something is wrong. This really sucks, it’s hard enough having ADHD when your family is supportive, that lack of support must make things even worse.

I will say though, I stopped my medication in high school because, when I was in high school, the meds on the market weren’t the best, and the side effects were hard to handle. I still came out with decent marks and made it into university. I’d recommend just doing whatever you can and making it through high school, it should be manageable if you’re anything like me. Once you get to university, which is where ADHD really gets in the way, you’ll be old enough to make the decision to medicate on your own. You can do it! Hey man the same exact thing happened to me haha. If you’re 18, I highly recommend that you go seek help if you need help. If the doctor tells you something do it. It sucks that my mom didn’t believe me even after I failed 2 full semesters of college. But sometimes you gotta do what is best for you
 I mean... My husband was just diagnosed at 38. We see his parent a couple of times per year because they're like this.

I suppose you can self-medicate with vaping nicotine and coffee? Some people do well with over the counter stims like pseudoephedrine. I’m sorry to hear what you’re going through but I definitely can sympathize with you. Unfortunately, my mom was the same exact way. I was diagnosed and told to be put on Ritalin when I was 7 or 8 and my mom refused because she does not believe in ADHD, and thinks doctors only prescribe it to her kids hooked or whatever.

In high school I had a best friend who also had ADHD and we were literally the same person with the same struggles. Prior to this I had no idea I was diagnosed when I was younger, so I went to my mom and told her that I think I have it and she told me that I was but also that ADHD “isn’t real”. 

Now that I’m 20 and can make decisions about my medical health I have chosen to start medication and it has the best thing I’ve ever done. My advice is to just wait it out like I did, you’re almost at the age to make your own decisions. It will be hard and i’m sure you’re just as frustrated as I was when I was in high school. University is a lot tougher than high school, you start to become an adult and have more responsibilities and the medication has been great with dealing with all of that. 

Good luck to you :) My parents hid my result from me for over 10 years. I feel some of your pain. I'm sorry, I really hope this works out for you. Maybe the scientific part can appeal to hear the most. Adhd brains develop the prefrontal cortex late, and often even then, it's not as developed as one without adhd. Also, adhd is strongly associated with a lack of dopamine, or some irregularity with the dopamine receptors, which is what stims like ritalin and adderall help give your brain more of.  i was first diagnosed as ADHD in the 8th grade and i didn't really believe it myself. i thought it was just something that they could do at that age because 8th graders are dumb as rocks and dont pay attention anyways. i ended up\[ getting meds and used them for a bit but i was pretty defiant. it wasnt till i got into college and by my third university i finally decided to do something myself. and turns out that the reason why i have been in college for almost 10 years and still dont have my undergrad is my self mismanaging diagnosed ADHD. i hope that you are able to get it handed before it is too late. because it sucks otherwise >However I’m worried I’m not going to get the treatment I need. ADHD has been a strong cause (but not the only) for my depression, and the hopes of getting help was extremely uplifting, now I just feel like shit.

&#x200B;

Nothing in not getting medicated is going to stop you doing the thing which long term will help the most, learn. Learn EVERYTHING you can about ADHD and how to manage it, and try what you can, knowing that if you cant, it is because you have ADHD. Once you get meds, you will be absolutely winning at life because you have these skills. 

It is going to be hard, but it is doable. I didn't find out I had ADHD until 31, having done badly at high school, it was at the start of this year I discovered it, in my second year practicing as a lawyer. So don't for a second think you will long term be worse off if your treatment with meds is delayed a bit.

Hopefully you can convince your mum, but if not I hope you can focus on learning about your ADHD and what you can do to manage it. If you cant change something, as hard as it is, it is good not to focus on the downside. You know you have ADHD now, that is in itself amazing news. Education about adhd has been vital for me, because the meds do one thing, help me focus, but the education has given me the skills I need to succeed with ADHD, which is even easier with meds. To be honest, you are better off without meds and but with education than the other way around. 

&#x200B; My parents were the same way, I coasted through high school on a wave of barely passing because material wasn't anything too hard to pass tests. Went to college to study a STEM field. I got my ass run over, hard. Currently getting treatment and figuring out what works for me. It's never too late to start your journey, cause eventually you'll be responsible for yourself. You'll get it. Do you have a father who can be reasoned with? My parents had the same view prior to talking with the psychiatrist who diagnosed me, and were still hesitant. They wanted to send me to some holistic fucker who "balanced brains." Apparently he'd cured my mom's coworker's son of autism. Lol k. 

Anyways, it took a expert who struggled himself, and me taking tests specific to adhd i, and them seeing the data, for them to respect what I was saying. Like someone else was saying, emotions are what mattered most though. 

They'd seen me come home from school after floating through every class, teaching myself everything again at home, and sink into a depressive burnout from lack of sleep and frustration. They saw me just blankly and irritably drifting through family trips, unable to latch onto the experience partially from the ad(h)d, partially from the depressive burnout. They saw me cry while trying to articulate how god damned frustrated I was. Why I couldn't get things done. Me calmly but very logically explaining to them that while I understand why they don't want me on meds, because I myself don't really want them, they're the only thing that have a good chance of allowing me a sense of normal. Of surviving life at the level my ambition takes me. That if they sucked and I was one of ~those kids~ on them, I would try brain balancing or whatever bullshit, but that they were worth a shot. 

The psychiatrist asked them questions that lead them to think through all of the behaviors I had as a little kid that they had previously considered just disobedience or intelligence. Explained how it's very common for gifted kids (played to their elitist view of their child) to go undetected until high school, because they didn't need to focus to get by until then. That meds aren't gonna fuck me up. Can go on or off whenever I need to. Allayed their concerns on dependency.

Talk to the expert in question in private and explain what's going on. They can be effective. Let them see your lows and make it clear it's connected to the ad(h)d. Get emotional, but don't get angry. Be patient. Acknowledge what they believe, but without truly validating it. Be logical but appeal to the emotions. Stay calm but firm. Don't let them get under your skin. 

I understand a lot of where you're at, stick through it. Imma dm you too bc the rest of what I wanna say might be against sub rules.  I don't have much to say here, but big oof, that's really damn tough, wish you the best There *are* CBT things you can do to help yourself, it'll just be slower going. If you can't get on meds, it doesn't mean all hope is lost. You can look up skill-building exercises to do at home.  My dad never believe in it. Btw, he is an old school psychiatrist.(Not US) Before that he was a career md (internal medicine). He finished his 2 year post grad (MS) to specialize in Psychiatry at later age. Btw, outside of western countries, mental health was and still is taboo. So he never even told us that he was a shrink. Out of fear that the news would spread and nobody would come and see a crazy doctor at his clinic (because he was still operating a private clinic) .

All my life, I had glaringly obvious ADHD symptoms. Nope, nothing's wrong. So I just obliviously passed way into adulthood (30s) until I learn a thing about ADHD. it was way too late already then. There were phases in my life that I had to fought thru EVERY SINGLE disastrous effects of ADHD just to survive. And it would had been EXTREMELY helpful if I had all these tools. (I should probably write about it in a different post. Or maybe a book) When I discuss with him about sleep problems and GI problems and the Bupropion prescription that was also helping with my ADHD (which was prescribed for alertness,btw), he didn't want me to take that med anymore. Predictably, when I try to bring up about ADHD, the discussion went nowhere. I don't blame him for my life's problems. There's a lot of cultural factors and a LOT of stubbornness from both me and him. Can't blame it on anybody. ADHD is strictly a western thing and  even in these western countries, all the drugs that associated with it are widely stigmatized as devil's second coming.

I truly believe that if you are really suffering from it, you deserve the actual diagnosis and get the life back in order. Current ADHD meds are NOT for druggies. The diagnosis, prescription + the current meds used + the way it is set up make it harder if not impossible for those drug seekers. On the other hand, the real people who are suffering will deservedly get it. They are necessities and they change lives. She's letting you take medication for depression but not ADHD? What a damn hypocrite. Point that out to her? Sorry if I'm jumping to conclusions, your post just said you were "being treated" for depression. 

Everyone is different, but I was also diagnosed with depression and ADHD-PI and all the depression medication did was make me worse. There only thing that helped my depression (and ADHD) was medication for the ADHD. 

I completely agree your mom is being ridiculous. I don't know how to get her to let you take the meds. Maybe just constantly telling her the benefits, having other people with ADHD who take meds talk to her, showing her all the ways you're struggling. 

She says "you're not like those other kids" because she has a complex. She's seeing her own ego of having a "perfect child" as being more important than your actual success. Do you have any relatives who can speak to her about letting you take the meds? They could point out that they noticed you've been struggling and they think you need help.

I'm just brainstorming here, but talk to your teachers and see if they'll talk to your mom. Maybe your teachers will be able to help you in other ways too, like finding extra tutoring or giving you a quiet place to take tests. Try meditating. You can get apps on your phone to teach you how. I use Smiling Mind. Lots of people recommend Headspace. Just made sure you do the sessions over wifi instead of data. I've heard about this before, maybe it's ' I don't want give my kids drugs ' or 'youre supposed to power thru it'. Regardless,  it's nonsense.  I was diagnosed in the early 80s. I heard all the excuses and even made a few. What it boils down to is youre a minor and you can't beat your mom.  Until then,  you can hamstring a lot of the symptoms thru diet. It's a BOOK so I don't know if you can read it online called, "the Feingold diet". Pretty much, cut all refined sugars and white flour from your diet,  and your brain will stop screaming. It's hard in our society,  but with all the ketos, and Cro-magnon diets popular right now,  it's not out of the question.  Get the book, read the book,  attempt to follow the steps, it made life bearable for me when I was a teen and as a kid.  Probably wouldn't hurt now at 40. It's not a magic wand,  but it helped me,  I think it will help you too.  I have ADD, which is different, I am the only one in my house that has it, I was diagnosed at a young age, maybe 1st or 2nd grade, because I kept having a hard time focusing. And I started out with Focalin xr 5mg, but during 5th grade, after lunch, I would have a hard time focusing. So my mom had it moved to Focalin er 10mg. I am now in 8th grade and have been told many times at school, “ADD isn’t real, there’s only ADHD,” and I always respond with, “ADHD is more common.”
I totally believe you.  I'm just wondering how cock & ball torture is supposed to help with ADHD.


**aww little reddit children can't take a joke.. hehehehe** Beautiful reply! Could not have said it better! 
 Beautiful. This woman's word is gold. Wait wait hold up... ADHD, motherhood, 12-hour shifts, AND studying for a Bachelor's degree? Umm?... hi can you please be my new best friend and teach me whatever witchcraft you practice, because I work 4-hour shifts and don't have any kids and can barely handle my Bachelor's degree, even part-time :'(

(29y/o, went back to school last year, just got diagnosed 3 months ago, got on meds 2 months ago, still can't seem to get my shit together - sitting here on reddit for inspiration to get back to work on a paper that was due Friday, sigh)

PS - amazing reply <3 you sound like a wonderful mom This is great advice! I recently had a discussion with my husband about my ADHD. And he said something like "knowing the science of the disorder gives me zero workable information, I need to know how it affects you, what I can do to help YOU"
 That's really good advice actually. Post that in r/LifeProTips Wow! Your second paragraph is so inspiring. At the core is Cooperation (yes, Capitalized); both of you acknowledge that you "experience life" differently, but you are still able to maintain respect for one-another.

Keep it up! Both of you are awesome, inspiring people! > Tell her it will help you will do more chores.

That reasoning made me laugh. +1 Well keep in mind different methods and meds work better for different people That's exactly what I was going to advise. I live in a different country so I don't know but there must be some laws that give minors control over their treatment if they're being deliberately deprived of it. OP doesn't have to put up with their mother... This is a good idea. I am not sure how Ritalin is classified, but it may be different since some ADHD meds like Adderall are a controlled substance so I'm not sure if it would be different or more difficult to get a scrip under 18 without an adult.  Agreed. I guess there's not much OP can do if they can't afford meds on their own, but legally, their mom shouldn't be able to prevent them from getting treatment for a diagnosed condition. That is exactly what I was going to suggest. 

I’m from Ontario, Canada. From the time I was 16, I was able to get emergency help, counselling, an official diagnosis, and medications all without my parents knowing. I eventually told them years later.

My doctor and school counsellor told me I could get help without my parents knowing. OP can try asking them and they might know the laws of their area. Lyft and Uber are also options if you live in a place that has those! But I suggest finding someone with a driver's license before going that route. [deleted] I don't think you know what ignorant means. If she won't believe her own son about how it affects him, there's no way she's going to trust some random old dude talking about the science behind it, unfortunately. Wow! I had not seen this previously, but this is great, it makes things so clear. As a teacher I can already tell you that they won't. There is a very thin line in our business between making recommendations for academic success and telling people how to parent, and it is a line we try to avoid because telling a parent how to raise their child is basically the teacher cardinal sin. 

However, it is a good idea to talk to your teachers if you are having difficulty in class. Many teachers will be accepting and understanding and can make a lot of small changes that could be very helpful.  I was going to say all of this aswell.
Rooting for you, OP Same! Maybe ask your mom to do family counseling with you and you can bring up all of this in a safe setting? We’re unsure whether the depression is caused from the ADHD in the first place. Treating the ADHD could ‘cure’ the depression.  When I first sought mental health care they labeled me as depressed. They gave me antidepressants that made everything a ton worse than it already was. It took 7 years or so before I was accurately diagnosed with adhd (although Im still diagnosed with depression as well). The weird thing is that now I've got tools and help for most of my adhd symptoms and anxiety and actually the hardest part of my life is still dealing with depression. I don't know where I was going with this... But I do wish I'd been diagnosed with adhd from the start. I think a lot of my depression does stem from the feeling of having wasted so much of my life  The sad thing about facts is that some people disbelieve them and will make bad decisions even though facts are true.

I get what you’re saying, but Mom is clearly not going to budge in the face of new evidence. She has shown over and over that the facts aren’t why she has the beliefs that she has. 

The whole situation breaks my heart. I feel so lucky that nobody in my family doubted my ADHD—my family just wanted me to be healthy and happy, even if that meant going on medication. 

I’m especially pissed off at mom because these are the years that matter a great deal for OP, academically speaking. She isn’t capable of getting that she’s setting OP up to fail, and I wish there was something realistic we could do to help, but sadly there isn’t.

OP: WE believe you. All of us on this sub. We believe your psychiatrist. We can’t choose our parents, and as much as I’d like to believe that social services or a lawyer would fix the problem, I feel things would get much worse before they got better if you went that route. Despite what we all feel, withholding ADHD medication probably doesn’t *legally* rise to the definition of child neglect or abuse. It just isn’t seen as being equivalent to, say, withholding a child’s insulin. Maybe he forgets that he has it? Joking, of course, but honestly I often forget about my daily struggles, so I had to find a doctor that asks enough questions to remind me. This is interesting. Caffeine was the first drug to help me focus better, but it's never felt consistently beneficial during the course of a study sesh. Doing it this way sounds much more regimented and beneficial from that structure. Do you have a link to that study by chance? This sounds interesting and I’m so glad it works for you! Like other commenters I would love to see that study.


I’d just like to drop a gentle reminder for everyone else: 
Before you try something like this **talk to your doctor about the best course of treatment** as to how caffeine can affect the rest of your health (specifically mental health) because you may have other issues that are inherently **caffeine-sensitive**. 

For example: I have ADHD-PI but I also have Bipolar-I and this could be a very dangerous course of treatment for me. Bipolar can be very caffeine sensitive and managing my ADHD in this manner would probably send me into a manic episode (followed by the inevitable depression crash).

I’m not bashing on this treatment at all or saying you haven’t done your homework. I’m just reminding everybody who may read this and get excited to try it out for themselves or their children to do their homework and be cautious before trying anything without medical guidance.  I was going to suggest trying something like this if you are not allowed prescription medication. It might not help you, but if it does help then hopefully it will tide you over until you can try medication later. I'm sorry to hear that you're in such a situation. Colleges tend to be very supportive of diagnosis and treatment, but keep in mind diagnosis of ADHD requires lifelong symptoms. That generally means that your parents will be surveyed regarding your childhood and their own observations. So it might not hurt to try and educate them a little so that they won't skew your results. If that is impossible for you, be sure to bring up these concerns when you seek diagnosis.  My mom took me off meds because she said they seemed to make me unhappy when I was in elementary school. As a 38 year-old, she could have mitigated so many issues I ended up having had she not.

You’re a good parent and you’re doing the right thing. Stimulants have been used for a long time, they’re mostly safe and they work really well. I know you’re getting downvoted because this advice isn’t in line with the post, but this is really great advice. Headspace specifically has been revolutionary in helping me gain better executive working memory. 

We shouldn’t downvote good advice even if it’s emotionally unsatisfying.  ADD and ADHD are just two different names for the same spectrum of disorders. It seems more common now to call it all ADHD and then add on the suffix for your specific type. In other words, if you don't experience the hyperactivity symptoms, you'd most likely fall under the ADHD-PI category, for "primarily inattentive".  Well, one of my coping mechanisms is that I have to stay in a pretty constant state of motion... Newton's first law, and all that. lol

And in all seriousness, I still struggle. Daily. I always feel like I should be doing more, and whether that's the ADHD or something else at work, I don't know. I drive my husband absolutely mad. It's a process... And it took me trying to switch careers (and hard core bombing at it) to realize I needed to be evaluated. Don't be hard on yourself. I think that's the one thing all of us do that really isn't helpful. Just take it a step at a time - and baby steps count! 

But thanks for the wonderful mom comment! I have some pretty great role models. 😁 My boss told me roughly the same thing when I tried to explain how the ADHD affects my work. The trouble is, I didn't have a real answer for how he could help me. 

I was diagnosed as an adult in university. Before that, I never thought I needed help because I didn't know I wasn't normal. I thought I just needed to "pull up my socks," tough it out, and get more responsible. Once I learned that I needed help, the school just handed me all the help I needed. If I brought up a struggle, they had the solution. So now that I'm done school, I know I need outside help, but nobody is giving me solutions anymore. I need to come up with my own solutions, but I've never had to think about such things before.

How CAN the people around me help? The ones who know me best have learned to give me plenty of reminders and assist with short-term memory, but many of them wish to help more and I don't know what to tell them. I am literally keeping it right up there in my actual mind. As should we all.

Pillz don’t teach skillz.  Yeah I mean it was just a joke. But hey if it is a money issue, I just switched to Adzenys and the manufacture has a coupon where you’ll pay 25-50 per script. No more than 50 bucks. It works great too. Willful ignorance is still ignorance (and honestly is probably even worse). Claiming ADHD isn’t real isn’t ignorant?  It might help, in my opinion. Depends on the parents. Reading the post reminded me a lot of my mom growing up; for some reason she was always kind of distrustful of me, thought I was sneaky and trying to get out of things, tried to find the hidden motive in whatever I said. But if she heard it from someone she thought was a knowledgeable expert, she might buy it anyway. Lots of people, unfortunately, don't really listen to or believe their kids, for whatever unfortunate reason.  Probably not, but sometimes hearing it from a 3rd party who knows nothing about the child yet is able to describe their behavours and explain the science in laymen terms can be eye opening.  I know it was for my parents - they went from treating it as an excuse to viewing it as the disability it is. My sister went through the same. Diagnosed with depression by multiple psychiatrists, and things only got worse with medication.

After being correctly diagnosed with and treated for ADHD, the depression symptoms have almost completely disappeared. He's just really good at coping with it and he's had the same job for ages. I think he thinks he's being supportive which is what's frustrating.  I would also like to see that study True. Undiagnosed, I made it through college (barely, but I finished) on a near-constant, slow drip of caffeine, nicotine, and chocolate, plus a good dose of sleep deprivation when I really had to concentrate, but the drawbacks to such a regimen would clearly outweigh the benefits for most people! Thanks. OP said his Mom was preventing his ADHD from being treated, and he asked, "What the fuck do I do?" I was offering advice for what to do. I guess I could have explained myself better. The reason I call it ADD is because, when I was diagnosed, that’s what it was known as.  Think about what kinds of things you struggle with at work - write it down or make a list on your phone. Take some time to look over your list and think of things that will help or solve your struggles. Write those ideas down too, even if they seem silly. Don't be afraid to keep trying new things and coming up with new ideas to help you. You'll find something that works. Use technology to your advantage - calendar reminders or email, etc. For me, for example, I have a hard time remembering information when my brain is busy. Sometimes I needed someone to just email me so I could have it in writing to reference when I needed it. Sometimes I needed someone to put their schedule on my calendar so I knew when to expect them and didn't have to try to remember myself.  Try and notice specific things you struggle with over the course of a week. Explain the scenarios to your friends and ask for ideas.  Whatever you all come up with first probably won't work that well but you can build off of it and find something good.

I'm trying to do that now and I really want to give up but then I'll have to start over. Of course Of course I'm talking about them calling ignorance a disease. Maybe it's the word disease they don't understand. But saying ignorance is a disease is like saying, "dreams are a disease", or "boring is a disease".  >50mg of caffeine taken every hour 

[https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed?uid=15164887&cmd=showdetailview&indexed=google](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed?uid=15164887&cmd=showdetailview&indexed=google)

Not exactly what we are looking for, 0.3mg/kg which works out to be \~20mg. 

&#x200B; If I understand correctly, they've reframed the diagnosis so that it's all under the umbrella of ADHD. There's the inattentive type and the hyperactivity type. Some people have just one, and of course some people have both. It's just a change in terminology in many ways (if I understand correctly), but I expect you'll find that you'll be able to fit in to conversations around here (and with others with ADHD in real life) better if you adapt your terminology. I'm not trying to be pushy, but I'm trying to help explain the downvotes you're getting. It's also especially important for someone like the OP here to get the terminology right, because mixing up the terminology when talking to his mom will probably result in her further entrenching her stance of ADHD being made up.  I didn’t mean it literally was a disease man. You’re looking too much into my post lol  That'd be my adhd.. lol Stop. Don't do that. Using your ADHD as an excuse when someone calls you out as an insufferable pedant is counterproductive for everybody.  the fuck are you talking about? Op said something stupid and I pointed it out, and got accused of looking to deep into something which is one of the top characteristics of adhd. eat my ass moron. fuck reddit is dumb I don't think ADHD is your problem. 

Pretty sure you're just an asshole.  A kid on reddit thinks I'm an asshole? That's cool! Lol hahahah 