Reading my old school reports... And I’m sitting here in tears as I read the same teachers say the same things about me year after year: 

Disorganised, Inattentive, Unable to retain information, Easily distracted, Consistently misses deadlines.

And none of them, nor my parents who read these (and screamed at me for my shitty results and threatened to take me away from my friends, and told all my extended family to read my reports in order to shame me) ever tried to look into why I was like this. I wasn’t a bad kid, I tried so hard and still got these results, I shouldn’t have had to struggle so badly. 

I’m not trying to blame anyone, teachers have a hard enough job as it is without being expected to pick up on every struggle every student has, and my parents probably should have but they are narcissists (so ok I kind of blame them) but damn it stings knowing that things could have been different if somebody had connected the dots. 

 What bothered me about my reports is they’d frequently use the words distracted and needs to be supervised due to no concentration, has to be reminded to stay on task. I’m reading these reports now thinking you idiots were essentially diagnosing me at 6, and not one of you ever thought of a possible adhd diagnosis, like it was right there in front of them...  I totally sympathise with this. Diagnosed at 26 and reading through old reports made me really upset that all the signs were there for so long and nobody spotted there was an issue. 

But hindsight is 20:20. It's easy for us now we know all the signs and symptoms to be like "it was so obvious", but awareness and understanding of ADHD hasn't always been as high as it is now. And even now, it's not brilliant. 

Here's the thing - we can be angry at all the time we've lost, or we can accept that there's nothing we can do to change the past and be grateful that we now know we have it and that there's treatments and coping mechanisms that can make our life easier in the future. I know it's hard to get over those feelings (and I'm really still working on doing that myself...) but nothing good can come from holding onto that anger.  This is me I totally relate! It's so frustrating! "Does not work up to her potential" ugh. My school reports told a very similar story. I think 'does not meet potential' was a part of the template for my reports. I had teachers tell me to drop out etc. My parents sent me to child psychologists at 9 and 13. 

I managed to do well in the end so I am OK with it. I have actually learnt a lot because of my undiagnosed adhd

I was only diagnosed this year at 31. The presence of ADHD was clear, and very obvious from my reports. However, as my psychiatrist put it, when I was at school if you were not a bad kid or if you were not predominantly hyperactive, you were simply not going to get diagnosed. I had educated parents who knew something was up and sent me to find out, yet no one tested me for ADHD. My teachers thought I was lazy and arrogant. I cant blame any of them, they didn't know.  I was diagnosed with ADHD as a kid but we couldn't afford medication. Imagine knowing you will 100% have a disadvantage in the game of learning, anger managment, and socializing due to your brain just working that way, a solution exists but you cant have it. I felt isolated, was often called weird finding difficulty in connecting with other kids preferring the company of adults. 

Punishment for bad grades and sitting in hallways alone during classes due to an inability to hush & focus, was just cruel in hindsite. Same comments from teachers: cant sit still, needs to focus, trouble staying on task, assignments late or half done, daydreams often in class... etc. 

Attending college in my 30's really made me understand how little I retained from ALL of my schooling leading up to then.  That was the big one for me. "(Name) is a bright student, but will not reach his potential unless he concentrates in class and completes his homework on time)
Literally every report card. Ohhh my god, that sucks so bad, I'm sorry. :( Hope you're doing well now! I wouldn't know the difference, I convinced myself it would ruin my artistic ability so I didnt wish for it, and resigned myself to being the oddball that constantly nervous.

my little cousin, also a Leo, was diagnosed and given ritalin in the 90's. he lost so much weight and looked greenish from nausea. He seemed like a zombie, so... sadly this confirmed my feelings that I shouldn't seek assistance when I actually had insurance because I assumed it would turn me into a zombie.

I've lost some really great jobs & opportunities, feels like I've squandered much of my life frankly. It's another cost I can't add at this point. 

Luckily, making art is highly isolating if you will it it, I will it indeed.
Sobriety has helped more than any medication could.  