(cw suicide) adhd saved my life today after 3 consecutive failed school semesters and 22 years of disappointing and draining my family i was completely ready to end it

and then i remembered: i can't do that yet!

in the year since i decided to become an organ donor i still haven't gotten around to signing up. killing myself now would just be one big waste on top of the waste my life already is.

thanks procrastination. you win this one

edit: don't want to spam the thread with replies so just a quick thank you to everyone who commented. be well. First up, sorry to hear all of that. I understand it can be really difficult dealing with all of this.

I’m 28 years old and came pretty close to killing myself when I was around 21. Looking back on it, it would have been a really stupid thing to do, and I’ve got to do some really awesome stuff since then! I’ve travelled the world and my life is way, way better than it ever was. I don’t know what your circumstances are, but I’m pretty confident that you’ll be able to make them better and look back on this like I look back on how things were for me when I was your age. Just wanted to say thanks for posting. It is brave to share these dark places and a lot of us are very familiar with them. Also lol. As fucked up as our brains are, I do actually believe that the world needs them. Thanks for the dark humor and for sticking around.  We spend time convincing ourselves that our weaknesses are the problem but sometimes, they're the solution. 

Im glad you're here to make dark jokes. It's a step in the right direction and that's almost always good. 

Btw friend, you can still call the hotline even though you're out of the woods. They're actually really good at just listening or talking or joking or whatever.  Thinking through a tough day with someone can help any of us.  I failed my past 3 semesters, too. Record low was a 0.5 GPA last fall. I finally passed a class during Summer semester and drove myself to believe I didn't deserve it. I am currently pulling an average grade for one class and gave up on another months ago. 

On the brightside... my teacher has allowed for any missed assignments from ANY point in the semester to be turned in for full points. The RAREST occurrance in college.

But the brightest side? I'm still fucking here. Started community college in Fall 2016, changed my major 6+ times, and never missed a semester since starting. That's Fall - Spring - Summer - Fall - Spring - Summer - Fall. Now I've decided to challenge myself and take Winter session, which is strictly online and 3.5 weeks long, but still a full semester-worth of learning and assignments.

I also failed to mention I don't love what I'm doing, I have a lot of non-school related debt, mental health issues out the ass, and a crippling inability to hold steady employment.

But my best plan of attack, right now, is keep my head down and plow through. Sure I fail a lot and am in over my head in multiple ways. But giving up lands me back into the inescapable realm of minimum wage and condescending retail positions. 

Giving up would take a harder toll on my confidence than consistent failure. Because although I'm waking up each day just to fuck up, go to sleep, and repeat... I'm still trying. There is still the hope that the end of this dark tunnel is filled with light. I can't see it. But it's there, and I know this because I'm the one trying to create it.

*TLDR; I am an optimistic, self-loathing failure with death-grip control of my future success. Never let go.* I read today that 83% of genius IQs have ADHD and struggle with mental illness. Many entrepreneurs have ADHD and did poorly in school but excel working for themselves. I am one of them. I feel for you and I’m glad you’ve made it this far, and I hope you begin to see yourself in a better light.

I hope you learn to see yourself for the undoubtedly smart, brave person you are.

I hope you uncover your strengths and brilliance and double down on what you’re good at.

I hope you learn that you don’t owe anybody else an explanation, or a grade, or a certain path to be worthy of respect.

I hope you learn that ADHD is a gift, it’s a fucking superpower if you let it be. But you can’t do that if you are resisting. If you are failing in school, you need to reassess why you are there. Is it for you, or for your parents?

Live for you, and find what you’re passionate at AND GO DO THAT. Magic will happen when you stop resisting against the thing that makes time disappear. Fuck school and fuck anybody that makes you feel not good enough. You are good enough exactly as you are.

I hope every day gets a little better for you. I’m out here, rooting for you to win.

EDIT TO ADD [SOURCE](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0160289616303324) AND EXCERPT: *Overall, those of high cognitive ability are 1.8 times as likely to be  diagnosed with ADHD compared to the national average (an 80% increase).  Further, when combined with those who suspected diagnoses, there was  3.39 times the risk of developing ADHD symptoms, a 239% increase  compared to the national average.* I'm so sorry you got to that dark place. I've been there, and I know it's not fun.

&#x200B;

I got kicked out of my university for a semester after failing multiple semesters in a row, and it felt pretty hopeless after that. It took me longer than average, but I ended up going back and graduating. You'll get there. ADHD makes it a hell of a lot harder, but we are good at overcoming. Going on my third year of consecutively failing classes, each time you’ll eventually get better, we just need to go at our own pace! You’ll get there eventually and don’t you forget it!  I failed out of community college twice by 22. I was undiagnosed at the time and going through a lot of bullshit as a result of pouring all of my emotional strength into relationships that weren't entirely. I was convinced that if I could find a partner, life would be perfect. Except that's not how life works.

I took a couple years off to grow up. Worked a shitty job that I could do well. Moved out of my parents house as soon as I could afford it. Made friends and lost many more that weren't healthy or helpful to keep around. Got a better job that focused my interests a bit and had some upward mobility. 

No matter what I did, no matter how shitty things got, I always made sure bills were paid on time. The number of times I had to take things to the pawn shop to make sure the bills were paid on time was downright depressing. I refused to ask for help unless absolutely necessary because I wanted to make it on my own. 
Nothing is harder to fix than bad credit.

I went back to a different community college at 24 and had my work pay for it. Had to take classes that were relevant to my job, but found out that I have a real knack for this electrical engineering thing. I'm 28 now and am a year away from finishing my bachelor's. Still at the same job. Have a lot of school debt from moving to a more expensive university, but its alright. My income has doubled as my education has progressed and I can afford it.

I have a clear vision for my future now. I couldn't say that when I was 22. And I'm glad I didn't end it. I could see no real way out when I flunked out that second time when I was 22. But the truth was I was absolutely surrounded by missed opportunities. Instead of saying no to them, I started saying yes. You know what keeps saving me from suicide? Practicality. My roommate can't afford the rent on her own. My parents couldn't cover it. Wrecking the car would be expensive. Funeral would be expensive. Can't burden my parents with that. Wouldn't want my roommate to find me like that. Things like that. 


Whatever keeps you alive. Do it. 


I have a professor who told me she would NEVER be 20 again. 20s are the worst. I've heard it gets better. So let's wait it out my dude.  Don’t mean to take away from that poignant story but surely heaps of people with adhd have thought/committed about suicide ! It’s fucked . Partly cause society thinks adult adhd isn’t ‘real’ ....  I love you please don’t die, ok? 💕 At 25 I was very close to doing something drastic to change my situation, then I was diagnosed with adhd, not depression. I thought ‘wow my depression will disappear now’ but no, I battled through various degrees of depression for the next 2 years. I’m 28 now and occasionally have those feelings I had 3 years ago, but like someone said, I’ve grown up a lot and matured quite a bit. It’s just a process you have to go through and hopefully you can see a light at the end of the tunnel or at least have the knowledge that there is a light there if you can’t see it yet. I fear everyday that I will end up feeling like I did 3 years ago, and I don’t think I could bare it again. I’m glad procrastination working in favour of your life! Reach out to friends Or even people on this group, there will always be someone somewhere willing to listen.  I have no idea if this is fact or not, but my psychiatrist told me today that nearly every adhd patient he has is on antidepressants, maybe worth looking into? 

(Also, does anyone with more knowledge in the field know any more about this statement?) I’m sorry to hear about your life situation. My son have ADHD and never took any medication. What I did to help him, was go and took to the counselor and get a 504 plan in school for him. He was able to study from kindergarten to high school whit good grades and go to college. Never is to late to go back and star all lovers again. GED education offers the same opportunity for you. Just talk to the board of education in your area. Be confident in yourself and trust God, because you are not a plant that today grow in the field, and tomorrow are throw in the fire. You are precious with a porpoise, get up and live your life. My brain was absolutely terrible at school. Didn't even bother with college. Hated teenaged life. 29 now. Having a job is so much easier for our brains than school. Just keep going.  I took 6 years to do a 3 year degree before finding out I was ADHD. We have great value. We see things differently. We make a difference. Do NOT deprive the world of that.  [deleted] see you next reality How did you get out of that situation and improve yourself? Well world sure doesn't act like it wants them, pretty much the opposite. Reading your post reminds me of my ever persevering son trying to push through....Failing in an engineering program....home...diagnosis..failing in a tech job... STOP...PLEASE take some time out. Work with your psychiatrist.  Tell your family and friends how low you feel. They have no idea....My good, thoughtful ,handsome son took his life. He refused to accept his physical limitations. Refused his meds because they made him sleepy. He would not give up. Just take one day at a time, see it as taking some time off to figure things out...There are A lot of unemployed educated people-  maybe look into being a plumber. As for debt. Ask family to help you with A loan, or advice. I know you're overwhemed you must reach out to everyone for support.    A year later we are all still so heart broken..my heart literally aches, I can still hear his Dad sob through the walls....Though he had not contacted some friends in years they cried and sobbed. They wished they knew he was as low as he was. Please get help. Life can be OK Best tl;dr ever
 Idk, I wouldn't say ADHD is a gift, we have to be somewhat honest.

Instead, I would simply cite ADHD success stories, thus being ADHD doesn't preclude success.  It's an impairment, an obstacle... that's all.  We don't need to worry too much about it (nearly 10% of people have it, and clearly, not every person in this 10% is homeless).

Some people have gifts, some people don't.  That part is no different than NTs. Suggest reading his/her second comment below to get some clarification and examples on their thoughts above. Great advice, overall.  Source on that statistic? ADHD is not a gift. I'd take it back for a normal brain without hesitation. My life is nothing but regret and self loathing for who I am. Makes you wonder what the point is if everything is going to be extra painful and difficult for us. Feels like the only reason to keep going is because of my parents  [deleted] Well, first I just had to grow up a bit. When you’re young, your brain (prefrontal cortex specifically) isn’t fully developed, and some events can seem like they’re the end of the world. So your ability to deal with things will literally just come to you over time.

I saved up and went around Europe for a few months. Changed my life. I learnt that I’d been limiting myself and the trip showed me I could get a shitload more done in a day if I wanted to, and showed me I’m a lot tougher than I thought I was. Most importantly though, travelling with my best friend improved my people skills and allowed me to reflect on myself and realise things about myself and my way of interacting with others that I’d never known. I gained a ton of self insight.

I did a bunch of other things after that, but the best thing I’ve done in recent years is I’ve started doing Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. I have always been a nerd and never did any physical activity really, so starting Jiu Jitsu wasn’t exactly the logical step for me. But it has been amazing and has improved my life in many aspects. I’d recommend it to anyone who has even a mild interest in martial arts or fighting. 

Finally, it’s a weird one, but nothing changed me more than reading War and Peace. Take from that what you will, but I gained a ton of self insight from it and learnt a lot about people in general. Feel free to ask questions on any of these if you’d like me to elaborate.  I almost failed out of school at the same age. You’ve gotta take it one step at a time and address what you’ve been in denial about. Therapy can help with that, a lot. I’m still dealing with everything but I understand myself a lot better and I’m starting to focus in on what I want to do after a lot of soul searching. It turned out it was staring me right in the face. I’m 25 now and still have so much to learn about myself, but at the time I wasn’t giving myself the patience/understanding that I would give my closest friends. You’ve got to be that person to yourself first and foremost.  i'm so sorry you had to go through that. i can't imagine, now, putting my parents through the same thing. thank you. i'll be thinking of your son. It sounds like it impairs your ability to succeed and be happy in life, which sucks and I can relate. Society has thrust beliefs on us about what constitutes normal and acceptable that are harmful and untrue. We are just told that these specific traits are undesirable because they don’t fit within a narrow set of behaviors (act like sheep and sit there and listen and do what you’re told). It’s possible to escape this mindset and change the way you engage with the world and live a much more fulfilled life on your terms. But as long as you are playing by someone else’s rules, you will measure your success by their yardstick, and you will never measure up. Change your measuring tool, and change your life. I’m writing a long one here because I have shared these struggles, and because life sucked for many years as a guy with ADHD.

My entire life changed the day I changed the way I look at my “disorder”. See, for years, I thought having ADHD meant I had a disease and I was predestined to struggle with it. I was predestined to impulsively say the wrong things, I was predestined to chronically procrastinate or to do any of the other dozens of behaviors that characterize ADHD. I struggled to find the right words to say the right things rather than just allowing my life to flow. I struggled against everything, and everything was a struggle. And then one day it hit me. Fuck that. I’m in control over how I handle the way I look at the challenges in my life. And when I changed the way I looked at it, everything I looked at changed. 

I stopped trying to do life like everyone else. Every single day, I couldn’t focus on school because I heard music in my head - beats - all day long. I saw creatively through the lens, I wrote poetry, I made graphics. So, after a few awful quarters and nearly losing my financial aid, I dropped out of university and enrolled in school for music production. I started doing creative work, and mentoring under an entrepreneur, and then started my first company. I went back to school once I realized that I don’t have to study the same thing everyone else does, the boring ass classes that couldn’t keep my attention. I studied things that mattered to me. And I went from barely passing to a whole year with a 3.97 GPA at a top university. I started seeing my gifts for what they were, and appreciating that what makes me different is what gives me an advantage. I used medication as a tool to retrain my brain, I did cognitive behavioral therapy, I read lots of books (Audible.com is great for ADHD types), and I learned how to skim and read fast. I started feeding myself tons of exercise and good food and taking supplements. I cut out cigarettes, alcohol, drugs of all kinds. I set myself up for success. If you don’t already know this, ADHD is strongly associated with high IQ as well as entrepreneurship. A large percentage of Mensa members (high IQ society) have IQ above 120. And lots of entrepreneurs, pro athletes, and artists of all types are ADHD. Far more than the 10% they comprise.

I can think of dozens of gifts that are characteristics of ADHD that other people would characterize as obstacles. I am impulsive, I have an impossible time sitting still. I can’t sit and watch a movie with my wife to save my life. I struggle with executive function and prioritizing tasks, and so many more things. But for every “impairment” there are 3 positives. I’m intuitive, I read people quickly. I engage people quickly. I have way more energy than others, and people are often boggled by how much I can accomplish. And instead of struggling against the current with things that don’t come easily, I hire other people to do them for me. More than anybody I know, I live in the moment. All the things that caused me heartache for YEARS changed when I simply doubled down on my strengths and stopped holding myself to a stupid fucking standard of how to be in the world. I decided to create a life that operates on MY TERMS. So, I took a leap and started not one but 5 companies. I stopped fearing failure, and started trusting my instincts and taking the right chances, and just accommodating myself for the challenges. I set my own schedule. I live life on my terms, and I’m happier than anyone I know.h

I had the opportunity last Christmas to interview Debbie Macomber for Barnes & Noble. If you don’t know of her, she is a massively popular author whose books regularly hit the NYT best seller list. They’ve made many of them into Hallmark movies and tv shows. She’s massively successful. In the course of this interview, and she paid me a compliment about my skills as an interviewer. I remarked that I put my ADHD to good use and that it helps me in my creative work. This led her to open up to me that she was dyslexic, and had struggled to read and learn and do traditional work in school and that in fact she thought she was dumb (those were her words). She couldn’t spell to save her life. But she could sure craft a story. She discovered later, that her dyslexia was in fact her greatest gift and allowed her to look at the world differently and to become the writer that she was.

Everybody has gifts, just as we have obstacles and impairments that are unique to us all. The difference is in how we manage our tools and circumstances. The greatest gift we can give ourselves though as people with ADHD is the gift of complete acceptance so that you can live your life in flow. Once you do that, everything will change.
 I would believe it's more of the fact that ADHD puts people in certain situations or may have particular life experiences that may push them in different ways to do things that may contrast them from others. [Science Direct](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0160289616303324) For me, I keep going because of the small victories I can attribute to my ADHD as well. A reason my second attempt was successful was because I sort of weaponized it. I figured out my passion was painting and visual art, so I majored in it. My hyper focus  was essential to my productivity; if I could direct my hyper focus on my artwork, I was able to complete an ungodly amount of paintings. It's been a long, hard process trying to figure out what my strengths are and how to use them to overcome the weaknesses but I'm really happy I decided to stick around to see what I could do. 

&#x200B;

Don't just keep going for your parents, keep going for you. Try a lot of things, find out what your strengths are (it might seem like there are only weaknesses, but I promise you have strengths). Improvise, overcome. It'll get better, I promise.

&#x200B;

&#x200B; The added difficulty makes the victories even more sweet. 

More than just your parents are rooting for you to succeed. Seek those people out. I like to believe that it’s because we have a “higher calling” on our lives. We may never know why or how, but each person on this Earth has an effect on someone (whether we like it or not). We were built to be tough and so that, we shall be.  I think that is a pretty easy generic response to this question tbh, that has basis in truth but doesn't really apply here. 

I live in a small state of Australia, this guy is 60ish and has refused me similar medication in the past through concern of the side effects. He is also very rich. There's no purpose in him pushing antidepressants.  thanks for sharing your experience. martial arts and tolstoy are both things i've been meaning to get into for awhile. maybe your encouragement will be the push i needed!

i hope you get to do just as much awesome stuff in your next seven years. and the seven after that. and the seven after that.... [deleted] Thanks for sharing. Great attitude and examples. 

I somewhat agreed with your first comment but wasn’t sure the “quit school and do your thing” part would be productive to youngins, esp. since it’s very hard to go back and not fall in a spiral once you’ve taken that route. HOWEVER, with this second clarifying comment, you’ve done an excellent job of motivating folks into studying and building up their skill sets in what they’re passionate about. 

Keep the journey going, my friend, and don’t let go of sharing/motivating. You’re good at this as well. One more sub-superpower to add to the list.  Thanks for the encouragement. I have my sorta-highs and my lows, and right now I’m just having one of my lows. My problem isn’t because I’m trying and failing, it’s because I’m failing to even start trying. It just makes me feel even worse as a result.  Thank you 😊 Wow most people don’t have either of those things on their to-do list, especially Tolstoy. This is a sign! You must do it! Let me know if you have any questions about starting BJJ. My advice for War and Peace: Get through the first 200 pages cause they’re very boring compared to the rest! It gets a whole lot better! The first part is just the setup, like the first 20 minutes of an old movie like The Godfather 😎 It's more about perspective and where your aim is. You can have ADHD and still love math or complicated things. I think he means that he was tired of being "forced" to think the way that didn't work good for the way his brain made him feel and just worked hard against the norm to reach a place of better comfort. Trust me, ADHD was and STILL is more of my enemy than my friend, and I've been completing suicide for the longest. I even struggled agaisnst the one thing I was ever really good at: art. I've been recently taking Concerta and even a while beforehand, I've been feeling better. My "creative" side still hasn't left. My passion for art is still there.  No matter what, do what you can in this life to be happy. It's not that simple for everybody, but it can be. Not bragging, I have not achieved anything extraordinary by any measure except peace of mind. I did well for a few quarters in college, and have decided to take my destiny in my own hands. And I’m not being dismissive. I’m here, in this sub, precisely because I understand. I am validating the ADHD persons experience. I struggled with severe ADHD for years. I was diagnosed as a teen 25 years ago and have tried  every med in the book, and in fact bought all the books and didn’t read them. I still work 10’times harder than most people do just to have a baseline of normalcy. And what I don’t do is hold myself to the same standard as everyone else. I reject the idea that I should sit still, or study a certain topic, or keep my mouth shut, or apologize for some habit that I made to counteract my ADHD. I don’t apologize for myself, and I don’t get down on myself, because fuck society.

I have been many things, but privileged is not one of them. I was kicked out of high school once, and kicked out of my dads house at 16 after impulsively chewing out my step mom and then picking my bags. I worked overtime to pay my own way through school l and worked twice as hard in school as other people. It took me 11 years to finish college. I have started my own businesses and failed a few times. I still have 2 years of un-filed business taxes because it’s a struggle. I have struggled with drugs and addiction and been homeless more times than I can count. My life has been anything but easy. So I have very little patience for the woe is me, life is so fucking hard with ADHD mindset. Get those ANTS (automatic negative thoughts) out of your mind. This sub is crawling with people drowning in a sea of self-pity and self-loathing and it’s counter productive. I’m not trying to put you down, I’m trying to lift you up. There is a better way to live and it’s no magic bullet, it starts with believing that you have gifts that you haven’t learned to handle yet and that your weaknesses can be overcome not by fighting against them, but by doubling down on your strengths and by not holding yourself to some arbitrary societal standard of normal.

There is no magic bullet, but I’ve learned a lot over the course of a very difficult life, and I’d be glad to chat and support in any way if you want to send me a message. I'm not sure if your comment was referring to me.  If it was, I'm not exactly sure why.

*Life will always be harder if we wallow in our misfortune and self-pity.*

Success will always live as a relative measure, and to build a ladder, someone has got to occupy the bottom rungs.  (Why do we have a ladder at all?  Well, as the egalitarian countries of the world have shown, horizontal ladders never reach as high and nobody likes to lift it on their own)

People are born different, and I think that those who refuse to admit this are privileged, sadistic pieces of shit.  Again, as horrible as this society is, there have/do exist(ed) worse ones.

Personally, I've got it better than a lot of people.  Shit, I'm using my own personal computer right now to browse Reddit, yet if by some stroke of misfortune I was born somewhere else on the globe, I could be struggling to survive.  I'm smarter than most people by a long shot.  I come from a middle-class Canadian family, so I am "wealthy" with respect to the rest of the world.  I have a family that cares about me.  Socially, things could be better. 

I would never decline a few extra IQ points or dollars though, but I don't feel entitled to more.  People are different and the wonders of evolution are macroscopically great, but considering individual cases, marginalize those being "evolved upon".

It's one of these things that will never be right, but we have to accept.  I know that's a blood-boiling statement to say to some people.  I can't pretend to understand their indignation.  I wish I thought some big man upstairs created this fucked-up world for a reason, but this fucked-up world is one of the vitiating factors towards his very existence (irony).

I'm touching on a number of subjects that I encountered while reading Sam Harris's book, "Free Will", recently.  It was pretty interesting and it was also the first book I had ever read by my own volition.  As a side note, starting meds was a godsend and while things will always look slightly awry,  there are some glimmers of light, or torches along the way, so to speak, within the tunnel.

Back to my previous comment though, it isn't always right to impute every extreme of our lives to ADHD.  NT lives can be horrible, NT lives can be great.  ADHD lives can be horrible, ADHD lives can be great.  If you begin to say, "But ADHD lives are worse on average so we should somehow treat them different," you instantly address a plethora of policy concerns.

"The average black IQ is lower than average, so we can assume that a black candidate will be less qualified."

"More males are criminals, so females should be better protected by police."

\*insert some better example I could come up with if I had gotten more than 1.5 hours of sleep last night\*

I don't wan't people to instantly assume I am 'x' because of my ADHD.  Most of us are normal enough, and beyond disruptive behaviours and general inattentiveness, anything else is unjust prejudice.

This mindset will never give people free reign on their lives by virtue of their individual merits.  And I'm sure a response to my examples will be something along the lines of: "That's racist, nobody would do that!"  Why?  Because it's your arbitrarily defined definition?  We can't just go around saying that a rule only applies to what we decide is good but not what we decide is bad (just look at the misinterpretation of religion and all the hardship it has caused).

I can elaborate on this whole idea of over-generalization if it wasn't very clear, I'm sure it isn't.  For now... it's nap time :). 