Were you well behaved as a child despite having ADHD? I have read a lot of articles and posts talking about how kids with ADHD are often a handful due to constant movement, not staying seated, interrupting others, not following directions, etc. Do you think all kids with ADHD are typically like this or that this type of behavior is not always the case? Is it something that typically resonates with those who are more hyperactive?

EDIT: Thank you for all of your informative and in-depth responses. I just want to clarify that I did not intend to imply that kids with ADHD are inherently “bad” and the way I worded my question was misleading. I assumed that ADHD kids being misbehaved was just a stereotype and made my post with the intent to prove this stereotype as false. Once again, I appreciate all of your responses and the amount of detail put into each one.  ADHD was never a consideration for me as a child. I was always quiet and well behaved, kept to myself. My struggles with school were attributed to laziness.  I was well behaved but I also loved school/learning so I could focus on schoolwork(during school) and lectures without much trouble. I was also given some slack because I was a cute kid and really smart. So basically many hyperactive things I'd do would be excused because of favoritism. My mom would say that I was probably the most well-behaved out of all three kids (other two do not have ADHD). I wasn't diagnosed until I was an adult, and I'm very much inattentive type. I nearly always did very well in school as well - I was lucky in that I was just naturally academically-inclined enough to get by with good grades even though I had poor attention and was constantly procrastinating. For tests, I generally just learned how to cram the information into my brain right before so that I could do well on the exam. Homework and papers were nearly always completed last minute. I also had an internal-drive to do well in school, so I nearly never just didn't hand in an assignment. I might hand some in late, or not fully-completed, but I did them. I wasn't OK with just doing enough to pass, I took personal pride in my grades (I was an overweight child/teen/young adult, so I knew I couldn't be fat and stupid, but I could live with being fat and smart).  Back in 1968-1975, the first thing my mom always said at the doctors was - "more ritalin" so I would "behave properly".

- made me feel broken and drugged. [removed] I did not leave my seat, did not interrupt others, I followed directions very well, because the 'Anxious to please' part of me overruled the fidgety part.I did well in school if we were only judged on lectures, in-class work, and final tests that I can cram for. Unfortunately many classes had Homework as a big factor, and that was a huge downfall for me, because I'd forget anything that wasn't in front of me.

My ADHD manifested in being scared of myself because I couldn't understand words even when staring at someone talking to me. Scared because I realized I was losing time because of uncontrollable daydreaming - Entire hours gone in the span of 'Oh that's a neat idea'. Reading ahead because something was interesting, and was scolded for not paying attention to the current lesson.  Drawing and writing my own fiction to look like I was being busy. Writing an entire essay 2 hours before it was due, and getting an A- because I work best under panicked pressure, but sometimes miss details.

My mind was ceaselessly restless and busy, and I fidgeted with pens, pulled apart erasers crumb by crumb, chewed on inedible things, but I didn't disturb others beyond 'What's that squeaking noise?" because my leg was bouncing so hard it rattled my desk.

Teachers said I was polite and friendly, eager to participate, happy to please, but "If only she paid more attention in class" or "Needs more focus" "Pay attention to details"  - but also "So creative!" "Very helpful and empathetic of others" "Great team player"

"The type of person who can read an entire novel in one sitting, but waiting 3 minutes for a kettle to boil sends her up the wall" 

I loathe boredom. It is physically uncomfortable to endure. It drives me insane, so projects that require long drying periods between steps, or 'Just have patience' is not my friend. Something you can sit down and just DO for hours, please chuck at me, I relish that.  Family life makes a difference, too.  I grew up with volatile parents and kept pretty quiet for that reason. In my 20’s, I guess I came in to my own and that’s when some of those traits popped up for me. I’m also primarily inattentive.  My mom says I was a handful, but a good natured kid. I mostly climbed on things and did stupidly ridiculous experiments. I think I destroyed multiple microwaves. But I almost never got in trouble in school.   Yes. But that’s because I’m predominantly inattentive. So I wasn’t hyperactive.  I was very well behaved but I was decidedly odd, to the point I really struggled socially because I had no idea what social norms were and I'd do impulsive things people found "weird". I've never had aggressive or destructive impulses which tends to be what marks you out as badly behaved.

I was very very fidgety and often dishevelled-looking as a kid and forgetful, dreamy, would walk into walls, my room was a tip etc.

Also I think it helped my parents were pretty laid back so I didn't get into trouble for minor things which might have been an issue in other, stricter households probably. Yes. Well behaved, quiet and went unnoticed. I would stare out the window in class and ace everything in grade school. I would hide in my room and not make a peep (unless I was singing and dancing very loud.) My two brothers were diagnosed hyperactive type very young, and I was of course left to my own devices. It wasn’t until adolescence when things got rocky. Emotional hyperactivity + puberty + not doing school work = a lot of screaming between my parents and me. I ended up dropping out at 16 and would spend my time getting stoned & drunk or sleeping. I took my GED spur of the moment at 19 and attempted community college. Now, at 32 I’ve received my diagnosis and am going back.

I feel a bit like a token. A pretty common story for girls and women with ADHD. I was definitely well behaved in school, loved learning, and all that jazz. It was usually at home where I had problems with my siblings. I'm the inattentive type. It's weird. Combined type here--although the inattentiveness seems to show more in my adulthood.

I was a very, very well-behaved child in school. Polite, friendly, quiet almost to a fault. But I was usually an effing *nightmare* at home. I'm 27 now and my parents still joke with me: "You were such a quiet/pleasant baby at the hospital. Then we took you home and you didn't stop crying for 10 years!"

I threw tantrums when things didn't go my way. I got in trouble for not keeping my things clean and orderly. The worst was homework: rather than do my homework (especially math), I would sit with it at the kitchen table for a couple of hours and cry over it. I would only get it done when one of my parents would sit down and "race" with me to see who could solve problems faster. I was really smart and loved anything involving English/writing, and I did well in my classes up through grade school, but sitting down for boring work felt like actual torture. No one in my immediate family has ever been treated for mental illness/brain stuff, so they just figured I was overly stubborn.

I wasn't a total brat though. I would realize how frustrating it was for my parents and I would usually apologize. Pre-medication, I was definitely the type to blow up/emotionally melt down in the heat of the moment, but I'd calm down and feel terrible about it later.

I don't think every kid with ADHD is bound to be misbehaved, but I think if they're in a setting that doesn't recognize their symptoms, the frustration from not being properly understood can manifest in a lot of undesirable ways. I'm ADHD-I (inattentive type). Aside from failing to do my homework in high school, I never got in any trouble. I never had a single detention growing up. Never really needed disciplining from teachers. (Probably didn't from mom, either, but that's a story for my therapist, lol.) Always high praise from teachers at conference time, aside from the homework issue.

Hyperactivity lends itself to interruptions and inappropriate physical activity if it's not managed. Inattentiveness may cause you to fail to meet expectations, but not usually in an obtrusive or disruptive way. All depends on the person. 

If you're NOT getting into trouble or being disruptive, unfortunately, that can cause a delay in diagnosis and treatment. Acting out is the trigger for a lot of parents to seek help. A lot of inattentive-types don't get diagnosed until later in life, if at all.  I was well behaved as a child and quite an achiever academically, no one even noticed, I was very quiet. I struggled A LOT in high school  I was well-behaved. I recall my parents mentioning my ability to play LEGOs for hours. I enjoyed school for the most part. I was unaware of my ADHD until I was ~29. Though I still haven't been diagnosed to a subtype, I suspect I'm more inattentive than hyperactive. That's a common misrepresentation of adhd. Unruliness in children may be a hint that suggests adhd but it's not a set factor. Personally I was extremely wild in my free time, but I behaved mostly excellent in school because I enjoyed learning. It's also worth noting that the hyperactivity in adhd can be internal as well as external, like racing thoughts rather than restless legs. It has been shown that hyperactivity in adhd tends to show more physically in a younger age and become more internal as we age, but we also know that women with adhd are more likely to be restless on the inside and well behaved outwardly than men with adhd.

So there is a bunch of variety. The idea of the wild kid in class with adhd might not be wrong in itself, but it is definitely a stereotype. Extremely well behaved- sort of. I was really mature in that I could sit and play by myself while at a restaurant or store, or when my parents had friends over. I was very independent and a stickler for rules (when I agreed with them anyways). 

HOWEVER I just never shut up. I talked and talked and talked- only to adults. Kids were boring and dumb, and adults had interesting things to say! I would interrupt **constantly**! 

**I wanted to be treated as an equal**, so I'd start debates and have all my talking points ready. It always surprised people who'd just met me because I would talk to them like.... well, any other adult would. 

I remember having an hour long debate with the principal of my elementary school on why students should be allowed to leave school grounds during lunch. Once he started taking me seriously it was actually a really good conversation, and I have a lot of respect for the man for taking the time to listen to me. Not a lot of people listened to me. 

**TL:DR; I was really well behaved, I just never shut up.**  I was pretty good in school. I'd finish an assignment, then get back to my book. Main issue was forgetting to do homework and being too engrossed in a book to hear my name.

Church was a totally different story. I would sneak out of Sunday school and wander around the church grounds looking for back hallways and unlocked doors. Once I walked a bit out on a frozen playa lake, broke through, and lost a shoe. I would also smuggle in books, and once I started doing that, I could actually find a hiding spot and stay there the entire service instead of roaming around. I was very well behaved. I almost never got in trouble, except I liked to "drum" my hands on the desk at school constantly. But I sat still mostly and kept to myself. Only thing I can remember getting grounded for was for stealing something and then I felt so guilty I confessed a few hours later. My brother on the other hand, who also has ADHD, was constantly getting in trouble for being disruptive and defiant. I remember I was very hyperactive when I was a kid, but then teachers muted me by shouting and calling me with bad names. I was also punished a lot for my behavior and I remember I just couldn’t concentrate on task in Pre School, I would just stare at a window and my nanny had to come to pre-school and sit in class to tell me what to do. I felt horrible afterwards, probably because if rejection sensitivity dysphoria and I transformed to this well behaved kid as a result. 

Now, what is left of this hyperactivity is restless leg syndrome, never-ending earworms, and I can’t stop talking when with friends.  I found out I have adhd recently (im 20). According to my doctor I am the inattentive type, which makes sense to me. As a child I was very well behaved. Quite honestly, parents loved me, teachers loved. Even in highschool teachers had so much hope in me which is honestly part of the reason I got through schools. A lot of my teachers would give me extra marks or higher marks than I deserved because they thought I was much smarter.

However, that was not the reality for me. I could never ever pay attention in class. Yes, I could stay seated, but I would always be thinking about something else. I never completed my homework, if I did it was usually by copying someone else's right before class or doing it in class. 

I think what got me through school was the fact that I was an excellent presenter and bullshitter. I loved talking and knew how to bullshit my way through. Additionally, I was not hyperactive so I would always be at my desk and I was fearful of authority so I always respected teachers. So basically a lot of my teachers felt I was smarter when in reality I was struggling very hard to keep up with the workload.  
 No, not at all. I was a complete menace to the point my parents bought me a scrumcap to wear at home for my own protection I think this is more typical of the hyperactive and combined types. It’s also one of the reasons why females are less likely to be diagnosed, because they’re also more likely to have the inattentive subtype. Myself (F), I think I was diagnosed because I’m combined. I talked a lot in class and bugged my classmates because I always finished my work super early and wanted to talk. I also lost my homework all the time and was late for everything.  I was the teacher’s pet in school. I have always loved learning and would do anything for a teacher that captivated me. And thankfully I had many who did. 

There WAS the time though I thought my humming in math class was in my head and accidentally got the teacher to explode twice about the person humming.... I was well behaved, though I did always struggled with interrupting during conversations (not, say, interrupting a teacher without raising my hand). I just never did my homework and sometimes read books during class instead of paying attention. I believe the confusion results from the fact that most of the disruptive, bad behaviour people associate with ADHD is actually Oppositional Defiant Disorder (ODD).  That's a separate disorder, but is present in somewhere around 50% of kids with ADHD.  I don't think it is the subtype, Inattentive or Combined, that makes the difference in behaviour, it is the presence of this co-morbid disorder.  It's the kids with ODD who are the common media stereotype of ADHD.  

Personally I was a hyperactive kid but it never showed as bad behaviour in school or anywhere in public. Other parents constantly complimented my parents on how good I was in restaurants etc, how they could take me anywhere. At school I was known as a total teacher's pet, desperately afraid to break any rules, living in terror of being told off by a teacher for anything (likely a sign of rejection sensitive dysphoria).  

But my parents could only roll their eyes at the compliments because they knew how active I was at home.  I was overwhelmed with anxieties and phobias but at the same time was a daredevil when it came to riding my bike or climbing things. It's amazing I didn't break any bones or get a concussion as a kid.  

I was also known for being really quiet in school, until I wasn't. I never talked in class because that was against the rules. But outside of class I never shut up and talked so fast people could hardly keep up. I was particularly keen to talk with adults as well.  

So I was not the inattentive type at all, but I also was never badly behaved in public.  At home is a different story though.   nope lol I was an asshole. My mom just told me I had tantrums lasting up to 3 hours. I was good in school and never got in trouble but I refused to do the work. I never have been in trouble with the law but I was just a handful in general. I found out this year (31) that I have ADHD.  I was really well behaved. The only thing that was a struggle was school.  Yes, but that's because I grew up in a violent household and not behaving was a one-way ticket to getting your teeth slapped out of your face.  That aside, I WAS a pretty empathetic, thoughtful and moral child. Other kid's parents always liked having me round their houses as I always said my pleases and thankyous, did exactly what I was asked, and ate everything given to me.  I didn't act out in school but I DID interrupt, not listen, never do any work, and read books under my desk during lessons.  I was not. Through Elementary and Middle School I got into constant fights. I should have been expelled tbh. High School was better, no fighting, but I had other problems.  I was more the daydreamy type although in my early elementary years I was excessively chatty (according to my report cards) and from about grades 7-11 I was a real fuckin asshole of a student. In grade 11 I started over at a new high school and was much better behaved there but reverted back to daydreaming and sleeping in class rather than being a nuisance. 

Didn't know I had ADHD during any of that time though. Just found out recently. Am in my 30s.   My 11YO is inattentive.  He behaves fine (except for the occasions where he is suddenly overwhelmed and runs away ... usually to the bathroom, but if it's occupied, anywhere else, anywhere but school will do ... fortunately these episodes are getting fewer and farther between).  He's considerate and polite and fine in class, I'm told.

It's just that you never know if he's checked in or not.  He'll smile and nod if you tell him what the homework is, but it doesn't register.  You can have an entire class and he'll turn the pages appropriately, but he's thinking about how to better run a strategy in Roblox, or about the whole PewDiePie vs T-Series thing. Everybody else is ready to talk about gold mining in Peru. He has no memory of the class whatsoever.

Not-following-directions can be a little exasperating, but he was never the kid that dumped glue on his hands or other kids when the teacher broke out glitter and glue.  Instead, he's the kid that gets the glue and then halfway back to the table forgets what he was going to do and learns all about alligators instead. 

He's never been hyperactive.  It's just that other things catch his interest more than whatever is happening IRL. Math is cool, but instead of pre-algebra, he drifts off and "invents" the fibonacci series, and would really like to tell you ALL ABOUT IT RIGHT NOW instead of doing the task at hand.

There are definitely places and times he doesn't sit still.  DOING homework, he gets up and runs around.  He paces the living room when we talk.  Dinner time is a struggle to sit, there's a lot of couch-bounding.  But I've known a lot of hyperactive kids, and this just isn't that.  It's a little obnoxious, but they're kids, and to some extent jumping up and running over to jump on the couch during dinner is just something kids are gonna do sometimes.  I think.  As long as they can suppress that urge when we eat out, it's NBD (and they can).

I think the ADHD-inattentive thing is a really good descriptor for him. I think I could like... switch “well behaved mode” on and off. Depends on what I get out of it or if it’s better to behave for 5 minutes before letting hell loose.  I was a fairly quiet kid who got verbally and physically abused by my mother. I was so terrified of doing even the slightest thing wrong that I was viewed as a good kid. I'm a hopelessly boring adult now because of it.  im a kid as if now (12 if you were wondering) and my mom, teachers etc say i behave pretty well. the  only rule that i ever break is going on forbidden terrain with my friends and climb over fences and stuff i also had a few fights with bullys but thats really it. Very much so. I was lively, but no trouble as a child.  I was apparently always angry, and wouldn't say why. I was nicknamed Dennis the menace. No Usually because I would get hit and screamed at if not forced out of the home (yes, even in elementary school) if I misbehaved at home or at school. Sometimes I couldn't help it, more at school than at home because at home I knew how to make myself scarce.  I gave my parents hell as a child.  When I hit my teens I was sneaking out and getting into fights, making fakes for my friends to buy me beer (looked super young until 17), and driving friend’s whips without a license after my permit expired because I never mailed in the recorded hours sheet.  There were other behavioral problems and issues at school, but by the time I graduated my teachers loved me and I had plenty of friends.

My siblings hated me for constantly losing my temper and getting frustrated, but I would never hurt a fly.  My older brother, who self diagnoses himself as ADD but probably has mild autism according to my mother, made my life hell and I his.  Always being obtuse, taking things literally, telling me to shut up or turn off the lights, that sort of thing.  I’d try to play wrestle and he pinned me or sat on me.  Our parents got a timer to regulate our video gaming (best and worst move), but if I was one second over he’d give me constant shit for finishing a match or taking too long to say goodbye.  He’d shame me when I died and call me stupid for playing games he didn’t like.  In hindsight, neither of us understood what the other was going through, and our opposite personalities really clashed for years.  Things are better now that we’re grown up, but I never realized how different he was, so it took a long time to unlearn the things I’d come to expect from others after looking up to him in my formative years.  Other people forgive simple mistakes, reciprocate friendship and teasing without beating it over my head, and wanted to talk and hang out with me. I was and my 8yo is. My almost-5-year-old is too but he gets corrected a lot because he has so much energy and such big feelings.

We homeschool in large part so our kids have a better chance of growing up still feeling like they’re not bad. This way they get corrected much less. I was very well-behaved, but I was the most forgetful child (still am, I'm 21). My teachers didnt know how to deal with me anymore since i forgot homework, assignments, was disorganized and zoning out. I was also very loud: i enjoyed screaming, jumping, and hugging everyone and I talked everyone's ear off. I punched/slapped a few of my bullies in middle school but my teachers would turn a blind eye because they know how bullied I was. Yeah, because I got my ass beat if I didn't. ADHD wasn't a real thing in the 80s. I was pretty well behaved in general I was a calm, polite child and a good student. One of the reasons why I wouldn't get a diagnosis until 23.

In hindsight, I do perceive some hyperactive tendencies, but they were somehow constrained, so it nobody never thought they were a problem.

For example, during classes, I'd feel the urge to stand up, walk or simply do something. It happened several times a day.

However, I had already realized that well-behaved children have an easier time getting what they want, so I'd politely ask the teacher to let me go drink water or go to the bathroom, and they would let me even though it was the 57357th I had asked that day.

I'd then get out of the classroom and went to the bathroom or drink water but very slowly, stopping to look at a bug in the wall, taking the longer path, etc. School staff would usually catch me dicking around but they all went "Oh, he's such a good boy and good student" and gave me a lot of leeway.

Unfortunately, I kinda wish they hadn't, though. Maybe people would've realized I had an issue earlier and maybe I'd have started treatment sooner, before comorbid anxiety disorder and depression developed. lol fuck no!! I am a girl and I was extremely eager to please, so yes. In school no one would have ever known. I am also super academically capable so I just looked extremely motivated and high achieving rather than hyperactive. I ended up being extremely emotionally volatile in my teens and although I still did well in school, I had a terrible time maintaining friendships and relationships. Went diagnosed as bipolar for the longest time and only in the last few years ADHD - hyperactive.  Guanfacine has been a game changer.  I never left my seat or interrupted others but I was extremely talkative as a young child and I talked LOUD. I would get in trouble for that occassionally but other than that, I was a pretty well behaved child. I'm kind of the polar opposite now in that I'm extremely quiet lol.  This is all based on ageism - one-sided convenience favoring the parents. I know from my own experience that parents complaining about their children are just abusers, often not even understanding what the term abuser means - my parents were basically like they couldn't be abuser because I was still alive, with food, water amd a roof over my head and wasnt beaten to the point where it left marks. Ignoring the horrible effects of psychological violence on the developing child. My parents would be very hard 'against child abuse' and wish ' for child abusers/molesters to get tortured to death'. And those same parents would just go back to regularly hitting me, treating me like I wasn't there in ( often for many hours), screaming at me, not giving me dinner as punishment, taking all kinds of things from me as punishment, screaming at me sometimes for hours, passive aggressively slamming doors and cupboards and loudly moving dishes, picking me up to sit on their lap against my will or complaining about me not hugging them, removing my door to dominate me, threatening to throw all my stuff away. Multiple times my father, after having been brought to tears by my parents, would scream at me for hours. He would accuse me of crying intentionally to manipulate them and then he would scream more and more as to assert his dominance and squash this perceived defiance. While being screamed at I would be forced to sit on my bunk bed and do nothing. In bwtween screaming at me my father would go outside, block the milk glass door with his body and qould physically force back on the bed if I tryied to distract myself with my toys. Then he would come back to scream at me. At one point some part of me broke - I still remember as if it was yesterday: I stopped crying, but also my facial mucles all stopped working. My feelings to were dissociated. I wouldnt feel sad, I wouldnt feel happy, I just felt normal all day round. I got a resting bitch face and lost any drive. Today I actually know in this moment I manifested PTSD (btw you should look up C-PTSD, it is so important yet not well-known) and some features of schizoid personality disorder.

Why am I bringing all this up when this about ADHDers and not child rearing in general? Well two things. First, as I said, all complaints from parents about their children come from abusers. 

Second, parents with ADHD are more likely to disturb their child for several reasons related to ADHDers living in a neurotypical society which in itself is a constellation that produces disturber ADHD parents.

 This is because the social standing of ADHDers is that of an oppressed minority - they get worse education, worse jobs, they are likely to earn less. Those all correlate with low child rearing skill and child abuse. Bad child rearing is  based on the concept that there is a battle dominance that needs to be won - with the underlying theory of poisonous pedagogy (https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poisonous_pedagogy).  Poisonous pedagogy is the origin of the cruel and neurotic-rendering practise of  not soothing babies and children when they cry - I mention this as one often overlooked point yet with desastrous effects, but there are so many other foul inheritances from poisonous pedagogy . 

Conforming to a neurotypical society and adopting their unnatural habits also make ADHDers sick - literally. Most here  know all too well that ADHD is often comorbid with mental illnesses. Those often result in a disturbed ability to perform the function of a parent. Coming back to my parents as example: I see, phases of  depression as well as constant general anxiety and OCD in my mother.  My mother would constantly start fights over the bath room sink and handle not shining. If she found the smallest crumb of food lying around, she would hold a court about who was it. When I was really small and still played with toys she would frequently create  an atmosphere of screaming, punishment tactics and passive agression to dominate me into putting the delicate order of cars back as soon as I stopped playing. Like multiple times a day. Nothing was allowed to be on the floor. When I tried to teach myself to cook my mother would stand behind me and as soon as a piece of food dropped onto the counter my mother would start getting a hissy fit claiming she knew I couldnt do it right and blaming me for supposedly turning the kitchen into a pig's stall. She would get pushy and try to drop what Im doing and immediately clean up any food that got on the counter - the counter had to remain spotless during cooking. She got so crazy over this she would take a rag and force her arms under my as to swipe the counter where I was still standing standing then she would push me away while screaming at me and then forcing me out of the kitchen, even after I offered her to actually drop what Im doing and c le an up in the middle of cooking. She would then still blame me for supposedly pushing 'everything on her' 

 The OCD parent is the worst parent an ADHDer can have. Yet - especially undiagnosed - ADHDers are very prone to OCD. We often call out hobbies obsessions. But more than that we for example constantly forget our keys and most have very strick rules on where to put them or we have a strict ritual to check all pockets. Those technically arent OCD routines, simply because Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder as a diagnosis, as disorder, requires the behaviour to have a significant negative influence on the sufferers life. In the example of course it acts as a crutch, it has a positive effect. But this only concernes the disorder part. It doesn't change the obsessive-compulsiveness.  ADHDers can loose control over this clutch and actually develop Obsessive-compulsive symptoms in other parts of their life where they are not needed, where they hold people up, where it becomes a disorder. Even worse is when those sufferers inevitably force the OCD onto their close people. I find it night impossible for undiagnosed ADHDers  to keep control over their obsessive-compulsive crutch

**Because of max character lenght continued as reply to this comment** Nope. Had many incidents where someone got me angry and I straight up attacked them. School couldn't do anything about it either because it was a manifestation of my ADHD. That mostly went away when I got prescribed medicine though.  Nope. My report cards talk about me being disruptive in class and always talkative. I never got homework done on time. Got sent to the office a lot for all sorts of mischief. 

I wasn’t diagnosed until college, but I managed to get through middle school and then high school through decent reading/writing skills (more than one teacher has told me that I had a high reading comprehension level and high writing skill). I was also pretty good at memorizing words/ideas (written and spoken) which got me through things like history and biology. 

I really only suffered in chemistry, physics, and math, all of which require frequent practice on your own time, but I was able to graduate with the bare minimum levels of those and then get into my psychology program through a loophole. And then post-diagnosis I taught myself enough math to pass a gateway exam to bypass other math requirements.  I was medicated very early on so I don’t know if this is the most accurate or what you are looking for but I did well in grades 2-5 after I got on meds and would always be doodling or shaking my leg to get that energy out but I did mainly pay attention or if I didn’t then I wouldn’t distract anyone else. My school also didn’t have lots of sit still at desk moments which probably helped me with that also. 6-8 was a tiny bit harder with less breaks and more sitting. If someone who I was friends with talked or someone next to me I would start a conversation in the middle of class. For homework I wouldn’t forget to do it most of the time but so the wrong problem or pages but teachers where pretty understanding. My meds would wear off throughout the day so by G period I would be dying with my focus so I got an accommodation to take my tests for G period before school so that I would stop failing because I couldn’t focus. I’ve been told that I am a good student even though I can barely focus and do meh on tests but I’m not really a distraction and that is what they care about now. I was well behaved, but had a lot of trouble making and keeping friends cause I tended to say whatever weird shit popped into my head and then couldn't understand why no else thought it was funny. In class, I tended to read ahead a lot and would sometimes get called out for not paying attention, even though I could answer those passive aggressive you're-not-listening questions teachers are often fond of. Also had a lot of trouble with long term projects, to the point that in 3rd grade I straight up didn't do one after the first week.

But, I stayed in my seat (but not always on my bottom), wasn't usually talking to other kids (my distractions usually included library books and doodling), didn't blurt out, and didn't pick fights. 

It wasn't until my late 20s anyone ever examined my behavior and said, "sometimes it's like you have ADHD." Four years later, we're still together and I had to admit that she was right XD  I was the *EPITOME* of a well behaved child. Never made a fuss when travelling, slept or entertained myself on airplanes, had impeccable manners at restaurants, was very friendly and sweet to adults...you get the picture. My mother was blessed with two angels for children and problems didn't start to occur for me until it was apparent that I couldn't get my homework done no matter how hard I tried. This was in about 4th grade, and about the time I got diagnosed. As I got to be a teen/ young adult, I became a bit more opinionated and vocal about certain things, but I was always a quintessential Teacher's Pet so I tended to not burn bridges despite being awful about turning assignments in on time. 



So to answer the question, I was a perfect child according to my neuro-typical mother. I was an absolute bag of s in primary school, I was the worst kid to have in your class. I hated it, I didn't wanna be there, I'd run away, have tantrums, when I was happy I was very easily distracted, I'd wonder off, id have to have a little circle of red carpet so I didn't go off and play under the tables or wander off again, I had serious issues waiting for my turn, I got so excited when answering questions I  thought I would explode, like I'd bounce in my seat, wave my hand, stand up. I was a mess. I've gotten more socially aware as I've gotten older (thank god.)  Oh yes. School was easy and at home I hyper-focused on books. Because I had a good mother who raised me well. ADHD doesn't translate to bad behaviours. This a misconception that I bloody despise and I think you should cease spreading it. It's an unhealthy and untrue statement.  For the most part I did behave, but I did slap a girl in the 5th grade, because she wouldn't shut up and was driving me crazy lol.  

&#x200B; I was in special ed classes in New York, but when my family moved to South Carolina, when I was three, that changed. Whomever, at my school in South Carolina, had limited some things for me. Anyways...I gave my mother hell. I think all of her children did, she had three children and was a single parent. My brother and I share the same father, but my sister was from my mom's previous marriage. I'm the only one with ADHD, without the "H".

I was bad. I got my ass whopped just about everyday, in public or at home, it didn't matter. 

Sorry for the rant. And no, an ass whooping is not abuse. That sounds like my experience. My mom says that teachers always said I was an angel but she said I was a devil.  She still doesn’t believe anyone has adhd.  I’m not sure if you’re male or female but as a quiet girl, that’s how we slipped through the diagnosis cracks :(. The only ones diagnosed in my class were boisterous boys.

Report card notes from my teachers included things like:

- She needs to try harder
- She has trouble focusing when it counts
- She’s a daydreamer 
- She needs to apply herself
- She needs to learn to get back on track when distracted 
- She takes too long to complete tasks
- She needs to learn to listen and follow instructions 

I don’t think I need to go on because I’m sure many here have heard similar or worse things from their teachers. I hope teachers now are made more aware of the different ways that ADHD can present in children. Same here Alright clone you can stop living my life now.

But seriously I was also one of those smart, cute kids. I was really quiet but that's because I was just daydreaming all the time. I didn't really pay much attention in class and barely kept up with my homework (in high school and college "barely kept up" turned into "oh shit what I am I doing my grade is plummeting because I never do homework"). But I read so much all the time that I pretty much knew what the teacher was talking about anyway. That, getting really good at cramming, and interacting really well in class got me to valedictorian status. Then college messed up my whole system and I dropped out because my anxiety was seriously fucking with me (never had anxiety before college btw).

Good news though I can get back to reading what I want instead of forcing myself to do class assignments. I would like to return someday, but geez I'm gonna have to do some serious work on myself before that happens. Same here. 
Any over the top messiness or not waiting my turn to talk was chalked up to “being an artist” or “being so smart, her brain got ahead of her body and everyone else” Oh, yep. I’d be chatting or out of my seat and the teacher would yell my name, and I would immediately say “can you give me a new assignment please? I finished mine and I’m bored.” Sometimes they’d still be annoyed but I never really got in trouble and it kept me stimulated.  Your experience is very similar to mine! I was good in school because I picked up on things quickly, leaving me plenty of time to doodle on the backs of my schoolwork, or make up elaborate stories and act them out with eraser toys I got at the school store. No one really picked up on my inattentive tendencies because I was still doing great in school.

At home, I loved to read, any kind of book I could find. And my hyperfocus presented itself as reading for hours without talking to anyone. So my mom thought I was the perfect kid, because I was doing great in school and I was nice and quiet and learning while at home. It was only as an adult, seeking help for my son who was diagnosed with ADHD, that I realized that *I* tick so many of those boxes as well, just different ones that my son does. I talked with his therapist, got my own appointment, and was diagnosed a few months after he was. My mom refused to believe it, however, because I was nothing like my son or my brother (also ADHD) as kids. (Meaning I was a "good kid" and my brother and son were hyperactive and so typically considered hard to handle.) She still is skeptical, but I don't care.  Wow this is 100% me!  that’s so sad and even if she felt that way she shouldn’t have said that in front of you  Ritalin is uncomfortable enough as it is, I can't imagine being constantly forced to take more. what are all the subtypes? I only know about inattentive, combined, hyperactive. and I though that was being debunked. No there aren't. There are *three*, and researchers are coming to the conclusion that they're really not useful and so should go away. Are we the same person? Hi, other-me. Teachers pet too! So basic kid stuff... ADHDers, especially undiagnosed ones, have a high rate for substance abuse. Thats because the dopamin provided by drugs ia often used as a form of self therapy, especially by people qho arent even aware that they have ADHD. My mother is addicted to cigarettes and she smoked when she was pregnant with me. Drug use especially during pregnancy can have bad effects on the brain. Other drugs, like crack or alcohol pretty much put the brain into a temporal state of mental illness - one can not care for a child when they're wasted. Of course this substance abuse is connected with emotional troubles, mental illnesses and with poverty.

Then we have the rejection sensitive dysphoria (RSD) finally not a problem of discrimination, but of ADHD itself. ADHDers are unusually sensitive to rejection which can lead to unreasonable sudden outbursts and even up to full-blown, unrestrained rages,  which ADHDers mostly correctly recognize as unreasonable, especially when they already over. They then feel mostly very guilty about their behaviour, but cannot seems to predict and/or it change the next time. This is talking about undiagnosed ones, diagnosed ones know what theyre dealing qith and have much better success at dealing with it. What this means for child rearing should be very clear. Parents are  the most loved and needed person for their kids. Children are very susceptible to threatening/fear inducing behaviour from parents. A rage from RSD can cause the worst damage on a young childs psyche. No, not can: WILL! Further, RSD probably has makes one more susceptible to authoritarian, poisonous pedagogic. What I want to say is, if people are especially sensitive to criticism and rejection, and if there is a stereotype of children only liking their parents if they heed their every word like a robot, then those sensitive people will see any non-conformance and criticism and non-alignment as the message that their kids dont like them - and those parents will try to avoid that feeling and one  path is to become the most authoritarian and poisonous parent. With my father and my mother RSD was moat likely partly origin of the abuse.

All those factors of course lead to a stressed kid, to a traumatized kid, to a kid thats starting to develop synptoms of their parents mental illnesses. On top of that they also get into school and start to feel that this society isnt made for them. So of course those children will act out their frustrations. Its not easy to be nice when you're suffering. In my case I would torture ants to death when I was little and make smaller children and the dogs fear me  (the dogs who were the only ones that always had unconditional love for me; I felt so guilty for scaring them that - despite my consuming sadistic lust for torture, control and installation of fear - I actually stopped doing it all and have never done it again - both to people and all animals). As a teenager I would become neurotic and scream and kick the walls every time I lost focus during reading because the seething anger against my parents robbed me of the necessary concentration (additionally undiagnosed ADHD and lack of movement but I didnt know that back then). I was then presented to a child psychiatrist where my parents introduced me as the aggressor and where they acted like mental issues could strike any child and like there was no apparent reason, much less any fault in them. They even proposed that I could always talk to them - as if they werent the abusers... . .

 Every once or so often I see questions about child rearing on ADHD reddit. Mostly I Stopp myself writing because writing about it is an addiction for me. But this question too my my fingers were itching and I just had to get it out. I  want to be able to look into the mirror and say, this fellow has atleast I've provided the information and given parents another opportunity to stop the madness from happening that are authoritarian, ageist and poisonous parenting practises.

For further reading I recommend "the psychology of the proletarian child' by Otto Ruehle, "The Road To Positive Discipline: A Parent's Guide" by James C Talbot as well as lots of web literature on non-violent upbringing and on poisonous pedagogic. Further books like for example from progressive pedagogs like Commenius, Montessori, etc cant hurt either.  I like to think I am a good mother - I know I DEFINITELY do my absolute best to be, and I've cried many, many nights with pain in my heart hoping I am. I have ALWAYS raised my children with good values, morals, and a clear but simple system of rules and consequences. My son with ADHD is not a "bad kid" - I would be hard pressed to ever call any kid "bad", and never have. But he has struggled mightily with behavioral issues at school most of his life. I am not going to take the time to go into all the things I have done to be the absolute best parent I could be in the situation.

As someone else said, there are many, many types of ADHD that present themselves in many, many different ways. As you likely are aware, co-occuring disorders are also quite common. And yes, many of those ADHD variations can result in negative behaviors and disciplinary issues - particularly in certain environments, such as a traditional public school. It doesn't mean they have shitty parents. It doesn't mean they weren't raised right.

I despise the misconception that behavioral issues resulting from ADHD and other sorts of mental illnesses can be "parented out", or that those with "good mothers" who 'raise their children well' won't misbehave. THAT is a misconception I despise and I would like you to cease spreading it, as it is an ENTIRELY UNHEALTHY AND UNTRUE STATEMENT.

I think it's wonderful that you had a lovely mother who raised you well. You deserved it, regardless of any mental or developmental challenge, as all children do. Kudos to her and to you, for giving her credit. I hope my son, who is amazing and whom I adore, will be so kind when he is older. But please know that even with the most loving and supportive parenting and home environment, many children with mental illness can and will struggle behaviorally.

&#x200B; People don't believe a lot of obvious things. I'm male. I've definitely had similar comments from teachers though. I also got called out for answers a seemingly disproportionate amount. I'd usually still be working on the question when called upon, I don't know why they don't just pick the people with their hands up.    oh, that's me. (saw that I might have ADHD, came here to see other's experiences, immediately come here and me_irl) That's literally what happened to me and I was basically valedictorian as well (actually valedictorian in grades 1-6 graduation, basically but long story for 7-12 graduation). I was having panic attacks every time I tried to do an assignment in my last two semesters of college so I dropped out even tho I only had about 3 semesters or less left in college.

I intend to go back whenever I get my medication situation sorted. > And my hyperfocus presented itself as reading for hours without talking to anyone. 

YES. This was exactly me. Apparently no one thought it was weird that I was focused so hard on reading that I didn't hear or notice the things going on around me.

&#x200B; when I was 14, my parents were thinking of getting a divorce because my dad couldn't deal with me. they called me into their room and told me that they were going to try and stay together but it would depend on my behavior.

my dad still won't admit that this was wrong and just keeps coming up with more things that validates his comments.

I am 56! I just remember feeling broken and defective. You're correct. The person above is probably referring to crap put out by Amen, who no one takes seriously. Really? That’s surprising. Not useful in terms of treatment or not useful in terms of diagnosis? Or is it an issue of muddying the waters of what ADHD looks like? yeah pretty much Thank you for the reply. I realize I posted that comment out of frustration without thinking it through first (who would've thought), and I apologize. I did't mean to attack any parents of children with ADHD, or to make it sound like the reason a kid is misbehaving is solely because of bad parenting. 

I've gotten comments about behavior since I was a kid and people have tried to invalidate my ADHD simply because I'm well behaved and not very impulsive. I know for a fact that people, and children, with ADHD can be very well behaved. The question "Were you well behaved as a child despite having ADHD?" is poorly phrased in my opinion, and it implies that you can't be well behaved because you have ADHD.

I'm not saying that you're wrong, because you're definitely not. Plenty of children have a hard time in school because of their diagnos, despite having the best of parents. My little brother (7 y/o), who probably has ADHD, is having difficulties in school. He has a hard time making friends because of his very impulsive behavior, and he has a hard time during class for the same reason. However, he is the kindest kid you could ever imagine when he's outside of school, and I refuse to believe that he is intentionally misbehaving around his classmates. 

Again, I'm sorry lashing out like that. I should've thought that through more carefully. I wish you and your son Godspeed, and I trust that you are an amazing mother who will take great care of him!  Same. That would give me the worst anxiety. Especially when it came to math. Others would finish in 2.5 seconds and my problem was I probably wasn’t even paying attention and then the teacher asks to solve the next problem. Fuck 🤦🏽‍♀️ happened all the time I went to a tiny private school, so with 17 students in my senior class it wasn't that hard to be valedictorian. Also thank god that the school set my status in stone before the last semester because that's when my grades really tanked.

Well its awesome that you got yourself out that situation! Just started seeing a therapist for issues unrelated to ADHD and I think its gonna take me a good while to return. Especially since I've already tried to go back before once and that did not go well at all. Right? I think it was just my mom's relief that I was "being good," that made her not question it. But after raising and being around many other kids, it boggles my mind that she didn't question it just a little. 

Not that I think reading for long periods of time without talking is a bad thing for a kid to do, to be clear. Just that with the other issues I had (severe anxiety and depression, that she mostly just told me to "buck up and get over), I wish she had done some research and questioned things, and maybe gotten me some help sooner.  Hello are you me?! My parent used to ground me by taking away my books because I wouldn’t hear them asking me to do things.  omg that’s insane and so damaging!! I hope you are doing okay. I know my husband was treated badly as a child and it really screwed up his mental health. I can't even imagine. There's a high comorbidity of ADHD and depression and shit like this happening in childhood certainly doesn't help. Everyone has inattentive and hyperactive aspects, if the hyperactivity isn't obvious, it's probably more in the form of things like impulsiveness, emotional dysregulation or hyperactive thoughts/speech. What a beautiful and kind reply! Thanks so much. And no need to apologize - we're all human, I've done the same! If it wasn't an issue so close to my heart (as I'm sure it is your's) and had I not second guessed myself so much as a parent - particularly the 20 years I did it as a single parent, I probably would not have taken it so personally. I completely get where you could be frustrated with the question, and why you'd respond that way. We all are most often coming from our own little space in the corner of our hearts. I hope all the best for your little brother - sounds like he's got a great older sibling (and mom!) to guide him through.  Yeah, gets erased while you're still copying it down, not to mention solving it haha We had a programming class in high school and I was so oblivious that the teacher handed out exams then walked us to the lab i started to program something that would make random colors and sounds. The kid next to me is like uhh you know this is an exam right? I read the paper and its the exam. Thank God I was good at it and finished on time. I went to a tiny private school too... My class had about that many students. Probably a little more. Biggest class in the school so they split it up occasionally. I have nothing sorted but I will as soon as I get money! (So not soon at all) Eh, I wouldn't be too hard on her. In previous generations anxiety and depression weren't really recognised as things which affected children, they were thought to be adult issues only. I am just realizing how messed up I am from it after a nasty divorce an being a single dad for the last ten years. Interesting. Thanks for explaining it.  Aaaaaa I still have the occasional shiver when I think about copying something down from a white/black board. I still remember one of my proudest moments in grade 3 (age 8) was finally finishing some colouring in class without needing to take it home for the first time I could remember. Yeah I need to pay off quite the student loan debt and then save up for college. My high school grades may have helped me out, but my college gpa sure isn't there for me, so I'll have to save up quite a bit.

Good luck on your future endeavors, hope you can come back ready to kick ass! I'm not really being hard on her, I know that it wasn't as widely recognized 20 years ago as it is now. It just sucks to know that what I'm doing for my son could have been done for me if the knowledge had been more readily available, and what I might be like if I had been treated sooner. Yeah, I know the feeling :( 