I just got published, something I didn't think was possible before I got treated for ADHD. Decided three years ago to pursue a PhD in a discipline I love after finally took my ADHD seriously. Pursuing a doctorate was something I just didn't think I could do because of how my brain handles unstructured tasks (like writing a dissertation). Turns out with the right drugs (guanfacine + wellbutrin for me) I can not only do it but also kick ass at it! I just got published as a solo author and had one professor tell me I'm the most successful grad student our program has had in 20 years. This is pretty nice after what feels like a lifetime of failure - I've been fired from 3 different jobs and was nearly going to drop out of my undergrad after failing an entire semester. 

TL;DR brain works now, success, yay






  That's awesome!

I hope I can grow up and be successful too. It doesn't always seem possible. I am in awe! I’m 26 and just now getting serious about tackling my ADHD-PI (diagnosis last year). How did you do it? What sort of therapy? How’d you decide on those drugs?

Edit: I’m trying to do a career that also heavily involves writing: Journalism and narrative nonfiction Citations or it didn’t happen!  

But seriously, well done. I’m an academic, and my ADHD means my teaching is at a world leading standard but my appalling research is killing me.  I worry I can’t finish a PhD and I will lose my job - if they kick me out because of a lack of pubs, I will no longer be able to help the ton of students who struggle with the same problems I do.  I worry. 

Edit: spelling Congratulations!! That’s an amazing accomplishment! :D

I did my whole undergrad undiagnosed and untreated and decided to give up on graduate studies because school was just too much. One diagnosis and two and a half years later, I’m going to be starting a post-degree diploma in a couple months. Your story gives me hope that since I’m now finally aware and treating my adhd I won’t totally fuck up this next chapter of my education haha. Thank you for sharing you story! 

Edit: typo  This gives me so much hope.

I'm almost finished with my undergraduate degree after having to take about a decade off to deal with addiction and all the collateral damage that comes with it. Started thinking about graduate school and started freaking out.

Currently unmedicated, but I will definitely be asking about different approaches with my doc. Thank you. Hi ADHD PhD Candidate here, I am in need of successful ADHD PhD's stories so thanks for sharing. I am 29 and started on Concerta for the first time in my life last summer. I'm in my first year of PhD and I just finished my first paper. I don't only struggle against ADHD, but not being a native English speaker has also a great impact... I'm about to submit for the first time and I'm terrified! Also my supervisors truly don't understand my fuckups. They're detailed oriented people... I guess they think I'm a mess - _-' I’m in grad school! I too have been fired like 3 times. I can’t believe I am still in school. I hated school so much, growing up. In high school, I wasn’t sure I could pass Algebra II. I found a program and a passion and medication and therapy. Anyway, good luck and congratulations!  This makes me so happy and happy for you! I'm interested whether you have tried stimulants and if so how'd do they compare? I'm anxious about my doctor so I'd like to know what will be the best option we could come up together I actually just dropped out of undergrad despite getting diagnosed two years ago when I started. I still can't seem to find the right meds so I wanted to ask how you managed it and about any tips you guys might have? thanks :) Since treatment a year ago, i left a job that absolutely never suited me; I am setting up a as a freelance translator -  and I started posting on linkedin. I'm writing every day and I have never been so happy. I can actually implement creative ideas!

congratulations on your work 🙂 Congratulations on your achievement. I wish you nothing but the best. Many don’t understand what a beast ADHD can be.  i've never heard of Guanfacine.

&#x200B;

what type of ADHD do you have? Congratulations!! I’m applying to phd programs this cycle and have been worried about my ability to succeed in such a path due to the nature of a PhD and you’ve inspired me and given the small amount of reassurance I need to overcome my imposter syndrome brought on by my adhd. Thank you for that :) You're my hero. Hopefully I'll be following in your steps within the next year! you showed the ones who doubted you wrong. congrats!  Good stuff! I'm happy to hear of your academic success. It's really wonderful to hear stories like this.

Besides the meds, what sorts of resources and/or accommodations do you find have helped you along?

Whether it's an ADHD coach, a tutor, an academic strategist, office hours, or just an informal study group with friends I've found that regular check-ins with mentors, professionals, and pals keeps me working consistently.

If I identify something as being challenging content or reliant on back-ended grading (term project/paper, thesis defence, 100% exam) I have literally told people stuff like: "look, I don't want you to think I'm neurotic and I hope not to be annoying... but I'm going to be seeing you at least once a week to talk about this stuff."

&#x200B;

I fumbled through an undergraduate degree at an okay business school. Direct entry from high school. I turned 18 on campus in the beer gardens. Took 6 years for a 4 year program but I got the thing in the end!

Then I got diagnosed with ADHD after I moved far from home and experienced some hardships. The uni in the city I had moved to offered to take a TON of my degree transcript credits and apply them to further studies. Not only was the area of study objectively "harder" than business school... due to the transfer credits all of my courses were senior-level lectures, seminars with mixed undergrad/grad enrolment, and heavy on research/writing vs exams.

Absolutely killed it! I've put that second degree on hold. I got into a law school on the strength of my GPA and LSAT score, but mostly on my personal story of perseverance. I am in my second year. It's hell on earth. However, I think I'll survive and enjoy the career after. Could never have imagined that university studies could hold this much opportunity for me.

&#x200B;

Again, I'm extremely happy for you. Congratulations! Being published in something more than a college undergraduate journal is a dream of mine. Well done to you! That's awesome.  I'm also in a PhD program and have been struggling.  Got some meds and things are looking up.  You give me hope! Wow! Inspirational!

I’m interviewing for a dream job on Thursday and it’s been nerve wracking since I’ve been struggling with a lot of ADHD issues and a mini identity crisis that my post-treatment self has brought on. Its important to hear about success from other people you can identify with. 

For those of us with the disorder, it can be so hard to change a lifetime ingrained narrative about yourself (which for me was the tragically talented underachiever). Today I am struggling to avoid my usual pattern of self defeat mechanisms that have been in place to avoid seeing my best efforts rejected. I’m grateful that my non-efforts have gotten me here but in order to feel good about myself, it’s important that I give *actually trying* a chance. 

Anyway, that’s a lot about me. Thanks for sharing, it is really great to hear about others’ successes! You are the success story ADHD dreams are made of.  
Congrats on all your achievements (and on finding the meds that work for you!) This! Too often on this sub I see people just owning our symptoms. Condemning ourselves to a life of forgetting things and procrastinating. You have challenged it and succeed. Way to fight the battle!  Congratulations!!!  This is so inspiring Congrats man! People often forget how smart we are/can be!  Congratulations! PHD programs are seriously hard for most people, let alone us ADHD brains! If I may ask, what is your PhD in?  Congrats! I'm glad to hear! Oooh congratulations!!! That's an amazing accomplishment. Savor the moment ☺️. I also recommend framing the first page when it comes out and hang it on your wall 😁 You are an inspiration to us all!

Good work!  Thanks for this, I’m in the last year of my undergrad and an aspiring PhD student, this gave me some hope ❤️ Wow congratulations, that is some major accomplishment! Know an internet stranger is proud of you.  Thank you for posting, truly. I have been crying myself to sleep every night thinking about the absolute abyss I have to show for my adult life. 

I *just* got a job after a month of unemployment. Literally have $0.00 to my name and my bank balance is -$2,000 because I fell victim to a Craigslist scam (because of impulsivity). 2 months behind on rent etc etc

I am counting every goddamn millisecond till my first paycheck comes so I can finally afford an appointment with a psychiatrist. I'm putting all else aside in my life until this is taken care of. 

Thank you for sharing, you have given me a hope in a hopeless world. thats so awesome!  amazing!!  keep up the fantastic work! So happy for you!!! Congrats!!!! You deserve it!!!  That’s really great for you. 

I could never ever finish college because of my issues. :( Congratulations!!  Wow, gongratz! 😊 I know this is highly individual, but what dosage was helpful in your case? Congratulations!! That’s so cool! Thanks for sharing and well done!

It gives hope to hear other people’s success stories :) High five homie! As someone who was diagnosed with ADHD as an adult (at 33) who has a dream of being published, this gives me a ton of hope.

Meds now have turned it around for me (Vyvanse + Effexor), and I've begun writing and world building the past three weeks and joined a local writers accountability group. I still doubt myself because of how many times I've abandoned projects and "hobbies".

This story and this world has stuck with me for years and years though, so maybe that's something.

Proud of you, OP! What's your PhD in? Congrats! Did the guanfacine ever stop making you super fatigued? And did Wellbutrin change the way anything tasted? Those were the two things that sent me packing back to adderall.  This is wonderful! Good on you! Wow, thank you for posting. This means a lot to me since I’m currently going through something similarly difficult. I haven’t been tested for ADHD but I’ve been struggling for a while with school. I’ve always suspected I had it and when a counsellor came right out and told me I should get tested I thought it was time. I’ve been in a bit of a slump because I failed a class in grad school and took a mandatory leave of absence for almost a year. There were so many times I wondered if I was really cut out for grad school, knowing that I had to work twice as hard as everyone else in my cohort just to get to sub par level. Now I know there may be a reason and I’m pursuing treatment before I return to school.  Congrats, that's incredible! This gives me hope. My meds haven't come in yet (hopefully they'll prescribe ritalin)  and I'm hoping my brain will start understand my thesis topic! 

(I do computer science) 

My supervisor thinks I'm "incapable" to go on what I wanted to do. Idk I'm hoping I'll soon be medicated  congrats! Congratulations! I’m just starting my PhD and it’s  very encouraging to hear your success story. Keep it up wow thanks for posting your story. i’ve was “asked to resign” from my first real job and now it looks like i’m about to get asked to leave from another job. sigh. at least i know that success is possible someday. sometimes i feel like i will be a failure and never have the career i want.  I just read an extensive document on **guanfacine** and it seems to be some pretty rough stuff that takes a toll on your body. But good that it helps you. It definitely is. I find the older you grow the more creative paths you can find for success too (relationships, jobs, school).  I'm interested as well  Yes me too! I was put on meds but I haven't had any treatment other than that and some basic time management tips that do not get to the bottom of the ADHD issues.  I was actually misdiagnosed with bipolar 2 for a while. What it took was finding a doctor that would listen to me, and also taking my mental health into my own hands, doing research, looking at articles on pubmed, podcasts etc. I find you can't give 100% of your treatment over to a doctor because only you know how you feel. Getting a doctor that is right for you, that you can build a trusting relationship with, is as important as finding a significant other that you can do the same. 

Finding the right meds was quite difficult. I tried all the stimulants but, long story short, they had too many downsides (Ritalin, then concerta, then vyvanse, then strattera). I had to try not to get frustrated with this process, and have a longer-term vision.  Does ADHD help people with teaching? I find this remarkably relatable but can’t justify why.  Good luck! I was lucky to have my supervisor be someone who is obviously extremely ADHD too (but happens to be a rockstar in my field). I was somehow more organized than her most of the time lol Yes I have, stimulants worked, but I found that they all had a bit too much effect on my mental weather. This is something unique to me though I think. Guanfacine especially helps with the emotional problems that ADHD can bring on.

The best thing is you can combine them. Guanfacine is often taken with stimulants. Every time I started a new med I would keep a journal for the first couple months about how I felt. What is useful to me is to think of trying meds from the perspective of an experimenter. Take notes, collect data, try to be objective and reflect on how your social and work life changes. Then, when maybe you decide to try something new, you can compare notes and have more autonomy in the therapy process with your doctor. 
 My son takes guanfacine. It’s a non-stimulant. It really helps quiet his brain so he can focus on tasks at school.  It's also known by the brand name Intuniv. Apparently it has not been studied in adults. I'm 31F and I'm on a combo of 1mg guanfacine and metadate 20mg ER. The guanfacine helps lessen the tics that I get from stimulants and I'm THRILLED about that. Along with what others said here guanfacine helps a lot with Rejection Sensitive Dysphoria and the emotional side of ADHD. It's really too bad it hasn't been studied more for adults Some little things that have helped:

To do list and financial apps for my phone (todoist and wallet). I honestly think I owe my lack of general life fuckups these days to obsessively using to do lists.

Cognitive behavioral therapy.

Getting into running in a big way. It's always easier for me to focus after some exercise. Aww, I was unbelievably close to this as well. Changing my major into something I was actually passionate about helped a ton. ADHD brains don't deal with triviality very well. 2 mg guanfacine and 225mg wellbutrin No to Wellbutrin and yes to guanfacine but I take it at night so that is a helpful feature.  Do you mind linking to it? Currently on guanfacine and metadate er combo  I dealt with lightheadedness for years even after I stopped taking it. Fuck that shit getting in the obsessive habit of using a to do list app like 'todoist' has been a huge boone on the non-med side of things I was also misdiagnosed with bipolar, and even borderline personality disorder, finally after finding the right treatment team my list of diagnoses went to just adhd and ptsd. It’s kinda liberating finding a treatment regiment that works, isn’t it? Because we move by emotion and interaction it's a great motivator and attention catcher. At least I feel that way regarding teaching which I love  Thanks for the advice :) honestly I will really try it I think it could help Sure thing, you can read the whole thing.
https://www.ema.europa.eu/documents/product-information/intuniv-epar-product-information_en.pdf

I would really think twice before taking a dose of this.

    Adult Patients
    Intuniv has not been studied in adults with ADHD

    Adults and elderly
    The safety and efficacy of guanfacine in adult and the elderly with ADHD has not been established
    and therefore should not be used in this group.
    Hepatic impairment
    Guanfacine is cleared both by the liver and the kidneys, and at least 50% of the clearance of
    guanfacine is hepatic. Dose reduction may be required in patients with different degrees of hepatic
    impairment.
    The impact of hepatic impairment on the pharmacokinetics of guanfacine in paediatric patients
    (children and adolescents 6-17 years old) was not assessed. Thanks for your reply! Seems like I am on the right track! I too use a paid version of todoist since it's very ADHD friendly. Next to that I use Evernote, Google calendar/keep/drive to compensate for my lack of working memory. This.  For every boring class I ever sat through.  For every set of mass-execution-by-PowerPoint. My simple revenge against this discriminatory system is to make it better for the disenfranchised.  

ADHD means that if I am bored in my own class, it meas I need to adapt and make it better.  As a teacher I’m the one talking and thinking on my feet.  Not passively forced to shut up as a student.  I have a lesson plan, it helps me hyper focus.  I walk around the lecture theatre, and make the lecture personable to the hundreds of students in the theatre. 

ADHD means I am an “average” student in an hostile system.  It also means I am exceptionally good teacher.  

Almost no neuro typical person in the workplace understands this, and in an ultracompetitive environment, only your weaknesses are used to cut you down.  Miss a deadline? Cool.  Now we have a reason to blame the teaching staff.  Blandness is expected, so is extremely punctuality. Your strengths count for nothing.

This is hardly surprisingly though, because let’s face it, universities have made their entire existence through picking which humans will be declared the “the winners”. Maybe we help people.  But for the most part who gets to be part of the “Elite“ is determined at admission, not at graduation.  The typical smart kid who finds it difficult to organise his or her thoughts is simply thrown away as human garbage.  

No one wonder so many people with ADHD hate formal school. We do such an excellent job at taking something as fun as learning and make it as dry and boring as possible.  I refuse to let my class be like the “average”.  Oh damn. :( I was hoping there was a non-stimulant I could get my psychiatrist to prescribe me instead of adderall. They've randomly stopped prescribing me adderall XR because the attending psychiatrist seems to think I'm faking my ADHD (...) and it's wreaking havoc on my graduate-student life. Well, it might not be well established for ADHD but adults have been taking guanfacine for a long time now for blood pressure. On reading the material, I don;t find the risks that much more worrisome than the other ADHD meds This <3

Curiosity is driven by lust for learning.
Boring lessons kill curiosity and learning.
Be the change.  