Accepted to an Ivy League Uni! Hi guys! My journey w ADHD has been a tough one especially w medication, but today I heard back from Cornell and was accepted! This sub has been so great to read and I just wanted to say I did it! Anything is possibleeeeese YAAAAYYY! CONGRATS OP! I'm excited too I'm applying to UCLA law school (not ivy but still good) and I think I have a shot! Andy? Congrats from a fellow Cornellian!  Congratulations!!! 



P.S. Remember to register with the disability center asap! lol


Ok read just the top line again Congrats!! Congrats and I'm so glad you made it! Just one word of advice--I also went to an Ivy League (for a Master's) and because these places are so male, white and neurotypical, it can be very hard sometimes to get adequate support if you are not all of those things. So make sure early on that you are receiving support whether it's in the form of therapy, medication, family nearby or just a cozy spot on campus where you can get away from the pressure and just zone out. Good luck! Alumnus here. Bring winter clothes. Plenty of them. And blankets. It snowed in the middle of May during my last year there. 

But at least take comfort that your legs are going to look dynamite after a semester of walking up that steep-ass slope to get to class. 

But above all, congrats!!!! We're proud of you! I expected nothing less from you. Now don’t fuck this opportunity up.  Congrats! Make sure you contact the disability services if you need or think you might need any accommodation. Better to have it and not need it than be looking at a pile of D’s halfway through the semester and wish you’d had it. Grats bro on that thicc ED acceptence. Gonna be that stereotypical A2C response but stats? Lmfao Way to go!!! This is the most beautiful thing I have seen on reddit this morning. You should be so proud!  [deleted] haha congratulations!

i'm sitting here anxiously waiting until thursday for my ed D: Congratulations, how amazing! 🎉 Wow!  Congrats!  Is it your first choice? ay I've survived the last few years here but gotta say this semester been the most brutal yet Congratulations, great job Yeet make ADHD nation proud THANKS!! You got this!!!!! Thank you!! Thank u!! Thanks!! Thank u sm! Great advice :) >white and male

What is the problem with this lol. Do white men not acknowledge ADHD or something? Thank you so much! I’m originally from the north so the cold is no stranger, but I’ve lived in the south for the past 4 years so there will be some adjusting to! Can’t wait to get my Cornell Calves;-) Haha thanks LOL! Good point! Thanks!! Oh man heheh it’s cool! 1520, 4.8, 800 mathII, 720 bioM yada yada. I think my essays and letters made me truly stand out! Ty!!!! Aw that makes me so happy. Thank you so much! I didn’t mention my ADHD because I’ve heard AOs sometimes mark that as something that could stop a student from succeeding (which is wrong ofc).  U GOT THIS LETS GET THIS BREAD! Thank u!!! Ooh what major are u? Can I PM u w some questions about Cornell? If you’re a white man you’re more likely to be heard, taken seriously and paid attention to. Ivy leagues were designed for privileged white men and even today if you’re not one of those three things you can fall through the cracks at these places. I speak from personal experience. First: congratulations!!! I hope it turns out to be everything you hoped it would be!!

Second, and debatably more pressing: when you say 4.8...do you mean to say that you, in high school, obtained a Grade Point Average of FOUR POINT EIGHT?

&#x200B;

I just...wasn't really aware that that was possible. Absolutely incredible if true [deleted] >If you’re a white man you’re more likely to be heard, taken seriously and paid attention to.

I've never noticed this, to me it appears to do with respectability eg. if you present yourself well and act polite you are more likely to get thing going your way at these institutions. Not to mention [whites and Asians are being unfairly discriminated against in regards to acceptance rates.](https://www.thecrimson.com/article/2018/10/19/acceptance-rates-by-race/)  Wow thank you so much! Yes, on a weighed scale my GPA is 4.8/5 from taking AP courses and dual enrollment classes but unweighted is 3.95/4 :D You got this in the bag!!! I’m planning to major in computer science, but might switch to computer engineering.  If you can, do a double. Hardware will make some interesting business ideas in unexpected places in the coming years. Seems like it’s been forgotten for far too long.  Former CS here. Especially in the human factors / HCI groups You just described basically all of my interests in computer science and engineering. Awesome! 