How much of your personality is attributed to ADHD? Hey guys! Stumbling across this forum has been wonderful, if a little bittersweet. I’ve learned so much and gained so much insight from all of you and your experiences. 

Wonderful because if not for this subreddit, I never would have found out about spoonerisms (in speech) and emotional dysphoria being common ADHD traits (alongside others). It was so cathartic realizing that some of the characteristics and habits I’ve beat myself up so harshly over aren’t actually my fault, and having a name to it somewhat makes me feel like I’ve regained some control.

But now a little more than ever, I’m having difficulty distinguishing when it’s my inherent personality or my ADHD that’s completing an action or making a mistake. 

If it’s fixed in my biology, how much of it can I fix, if I can fix it at all? Am I blameless? How do I determine if something that’s affecting me is simply a byproduct of my ADHD, or something I should address with proper validation? Am I defined by my ADHD?

😖😣😱

Anyone else wrought with the same existential anxieties? How have you tackled it? 

(Or I s this just my ADHD getting carried away again?!) I like to see it as palette of a painter. 
All the different colors are attributes of me. ADHD is one of the colors and it likes quite some space sometime and it likes to get mixed with my other colors. But in the end it is just one color of my palette. I am much more then that one color.  There are times those colors mix beautifully and And when they do mix to a pooish brown, I accept that it is what is is and try to get it on-mixed. 
So now, most of the time I feel I am a colorful person with a lot of attributes that would still be there if I would remove ADHD one. It is just one color on my palette.  Pretty much who I am entirely is ADHD. Without it I wouldn't be as quirky, impulsive, spontaneous or charming. ;\-\) I would probably be an academic overachiever. I don't have any anxiety about it though because I like who I am and I think younger me would be fine with who I turned out to be I never knew spoonerisms were a thing, that explains so much... My least favourite sleepless thought is who I would be without adhd and if I would even recognize that person  When I was first diagnosed and learned about it it seemed like half my personality was ADHD symptoms and the other half coping mechanisms. Definitely bittersweet, sorta had to to mourn my neurotypical brain. It's so deep and touches all aspects of life. I'm not sure I can separate it from my personality, I've always been the "absentminded professor" type... I realize we’re pondering the same thing, just with different lenses.

If it helps, i try not to think about the things could have been. Why not change that “what if?” to a “what now?” The latter question at the very least still gives an answer that can be acted on, which I would like to think makes it a little more hopeful, too.

Cheers friend 💛 Cheers ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
For me I found it was really hard cause I didn’t get diagnosed until 18 and things I thought were just something everyone dealt with were actually symptoms  