Laundry tips and breakdown Hopefully this is helpful to y’all. I have ADHD-inattentive type and severe executive dysfunction. Cleaning is the one thing I’ve learned how to do. 
Before I do anything it’s important to me to have a small laundry basket and do my laundry weekly or bi weekly.  It’s usually a good amount and gives me a chance to wash and change my towels. I also change my pillow cases daily and linen once a week. 
It’s also important to avoid distraction. Put on a long podcast or music album. Anything to give stimulation without you being on your phone or laptop. No YouTube videos, no matter how tempting. I’ve actually started using my record player so I can avoid being on my phone entirely. Breaks are important but! Don’t do it in the middle of a task. Push through and practice patience with yourself and increase your tolerance of doing things for yourself undistracted. 
Then, without dumping out the basket so it doesn’t become unmanageable, I sort the clothes into 5ish piles. Darks, reds, colors, whites and delicates. If I have blankets and linens then they get their own load and don’t go into a color pile. The only exception is if I have pillow cases and not sheets. Don’t forget to go through your pockets of pants and coats and shirts. Sometimes you find money. It’s very worth it. I also turn my jeans right side out and spot treat as I go. Stay focused and on task. 
Once I have everything that was in the basket sorted, I go into the kitchen to get the rags from there and then into the bathroom for towels. Do not even stop to look in the mirror or think about anything but the towels. Put those in their appropriate color piles.  
Then you’ll need to start washing your clothes. Do them in this order: Delicates, Darks, Reds, Colors, Whites, Linen, Sheets and the the Comforter if necessary. I like to transfer the laundry pile I’m using in the laundry basket so I don’t drop anything and can do it as quick as possible. If you feel like you have to make multiple trips, don’t. Just do a second or third load. Make sure not over load the washer otherwise you’ll break it. 
Once you’ve put in your first load and started washing it according to directions, you can take a break. Clean something else. Make a easy snack and remember to put it away. Drink water. I don’t care. I’ll usually make myself coffee and go for a walk. 
You’ll know to come back to the task of laundry when the washer buzzes it’s finished. Don’t put it off. Immediately put it in the drier and then put in your next load. Start both. Walk away. 
When the drier is finished take those clothes and put them on your bed then start the next load. Now, fold everything. “But brujajaja, a lot of this stuff is hung up why am I folding it?” So it doesn’t get wrinkled and so it’s more manageable. Now put it up and away. Actually put it away and don’t just shove it in a drawer or throw it in the closet. Then take a break if you can. If you don’t finish it’s fine. Just make sure it gets done and put away before you finish the sheets. Rinse and repeat with rest of color piles. 
When you get to the linens, sheets, blankets, and comforters you’re going to do one of two things, if you can. If you have multiple sheet sets, make your bed while they’re still in the washer/dryer because your bed should be clear and empty of clothes. Then as the linens come out of dryer fold them all neatly and then put everything inside one of the pillow cases. This helps organization in the future. Then make your bed as the rest of the bedding comes out. Only one or two items should be coming out of the drier at a time so it’s not too much a burden. Do it well and I promise you’ll feel better having a clean room.   