Bullet Journals and other Planners/Notebooks/etc Anyone on here use a bullet journal or something similar? Did/does it work for you?

If you use another kind of planner or notebook? How does that work for you?

I was originally going to ask about Bullet Journals because someone mentioned it, and I wondered if anyone else used them.

But then I realized that I'd really like to have a discussion just in general about planners and/or notebooks for organizing and managing things in general. If that makes any sense.

I've looked up lots of different kinds trying to find one that works for me, and the mention of bullet journals made me wonder what worked well for other ADHDers.

TL;DR: What kind(s) of planners and/or notebooks do you use? I've heard great things about the Passion Planner.  Here's a thread on it from a bit ago:

https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/3naxth/guys_let_me_introduce_you_to_the_passion_planner/

There are also plenty of other recommendations in the comments as well. So far I've been liking my bullet journal. I like Bullet Journal. I can get very perfectionistic about optimal use of space and organization if I've got a set system so normal planners and organizers don't work for me, but Bullet Journal is basically made for people who want to jot down all the things at any time and still have some semblance of organization. 

The biggest advantage of bullet journal for me is that there's an index and page numbering so you never have to leave blank pages between topics so you'll have room to come back later - you can just just keep going.  I just started Bullet Journaling (1 for work, 1 for personal). It seems to be helping to keep me on track at work because I track projects and mini-goals, and for my personal one I essentially just record everythingggg so it's helping me remember things. I posted a couple of suggestions [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXADHD/comments/3zwb5o/how_to_deal_with_daily_chores/cypvv0i).

I personally use the [ARC notebook](http://www.staples.com/sbd/cre/marketing/arc/) by Staples. You can also get it from Amazon.  My trouble with planning is that I either forget to do it or get so in to it that I spend hours (and $$$$$) decorating and playing with my planner. My brain doesn't seem to be able to find and in between. 

I have used a plum paper planner, an Erin Condren life planner and a MAMBI happy planner (currently) all of which I transferred in to a 6 ring binder style planner from an Australian company called Kikki K. 

I also used the printable version of the passion planner in a regular 3 ring binder. The passion planner was probably my favorite in terms of style and layout honestly. I really loved it but hated that I couldn't make the pages smaller/put them in my A5 size planner. They came out with a smaller size of their bound planner which I may purchase to keep in my purse but I really need something that I can add/remove pages personally. 

As far as the other 3 go, they're essentially the exact same thing with slight variations in design. Erin Condren planners come in either a horizontal layout (3 boxes stacked on one another per day) or a horizontal layout (I think it's one box per day but I'm not sure) and is the most expensive. You can find them online or at some staples. Plum Paper is on etsy and they allow you to customize which is really nice but I got too specific with mine and wound up making it not so functional in the process. The happy planners can be ordered or bought at Micheal's craft stores and they have a "disc" system which allows you to remove/add/switch the order of your pages. They also sell add ons like a home organizer and a fitness planner. 

I could go on about planners for hours because it's a hyperfocus of mine. Haha. The bottom line is, when I use them they really do help! Phone calendars and apps never help me so paper is the only option. Plus I feel like it's an extra sense of accomplishment when I get to literally check off my to do lists, you know? 

I'm going to go fiddle with my planner now instead of folding laundry :/  I use the Passion Planner, this year the smaller size so I can fit it in my purse. I like that it includes a monthly view, then weekly with the days broken out by time. I like that Saturday and Sunday are broken out by hours as well; even though I don't schedule my weekends by the hour, it makes a great spot for my to-do list and weekend tasks. There is a personal and work to-do section at the bottom of the page as well, which I use for projects to focus on that week (rather than all the steps within the projects.) I also like that's there's a blank section on each week so I can jot down notes, or whatever. The beginning of the planner has some great suggestions for mapping out goals. And then last section has plenty of blank pages for whatever. This has been a great planner for me because I can modify it to fit the way I organize things (which is my number one rule when it comes to organizing/planning). Lastly, it's a Kick Starter project from a gal in California(?), and I loved the DIY-ness of it. There should be some sample pages on their site if you want to check those out, and their Instagram account often posts examples of how others have modified the PP to fit their needs.  I've seen that one, and a few that were geared specifically for ADHDers. I was just mostly wondering what people on here use themselves, if anything.

I just like hearing stories sometimes about other people's experiences, especially the happy ones when people figure out what DOES work for them. :) Yeah, I get that way too. I tried doing the Bullet Journal before, but I basically left a bunch of pages blank and then went back to my normal method of just putting everything in there and not remembering what's where.

I guess I just need to not number them until AFTER, and index LATER, but I was trying to do it as I went, and was too focused on whatever I was doing, and didn't want to index and then... never did it at all. :P I might be able to help you get the Passion Planner the size you want/resize it for you when I get my computer back. (We're staying at a friend's house until we find a place, so my desktop is in storage.)

You'll just have to remind me. :P

Anyway, yeah, it's become a hyperfocus of mine too. I'm getting a little obsessed. Nothing seems to just click, except drawing it myself. But then I take too long drawing it and getting it right. Even when I can get myself to stop, then I don't have my planner drawn out, so I don't have one, so I'm a mess again. I feel like there should be a ton of comments in there about exactly that. That would be awesome! Thank you for even offering!

And yes, I know the feeling. When my planner isn't decorated the way I like it, I have a hard time using it- so it becomes pretty non functional. And when I DO decorate it the way I like it, that tends to take up so much of my time that it defeats the purpose. 

Sigh. 

I am trying really hard to just write stuff down and not worry about how it looks. I would love to try bullet journaling but I feel like I wouldn't stick with it. I clicked through. Not as many as I had hoped. I really like doing stuff like that. Once I figure out the planner style I want/works for me, I want to start making printables and stuff for others. :)

I just want to find one for myself first, and then I'm going to take all the many many versions I've created and put them up for others.

Yeah, even when I don't decorate it, I have to draw it up from scratch because NONE of the printables I've found have been right. Most of the ones I found are the same, and the few that I found that were unique were awesome but.... didn't fit me. I've been on etsy for the last hour trying to decide on stickers to order. I always see so many I like when I'm looking at other peoples layouts and then when I go to buy my own, I can't bring myself to purchase anything. I find something I like and then talk myself out of it because I don't have washi to match, or I wouldn't have an occasion to use it. 

At least it saves me money in the long run? Sort of? Lol. I make up for it when I am in a store and impulse buy everything I even half like just because it's there.  I have found probably hundreds of free stickers on Pinterest. Granted, most are the same format, different colors and pictures, but still.

Some even include matching "washi tape." It's basically just a matching strip on the page, and you can print it on the label paper and, voila, you have a section of pretty tape. Kinda.

I don't really use the printable washi tape because it bugs me that it's already only going to be as long as the paper, so like 11" tops. Granted, I probably don't need that whole long strip, but I like the rolls of washi tape where *I* get to decide how much I use, even if the cut is wonky. :P But that's just me being defiant, I suppose. lol Me too! And the saddest part is that I even have a Cricut so I really SHOULD do my own stickers but I just never do. 

Plus washi is so much thinner than stickers.  You mean one of the cutting machines?! Envy.

Duuude, go get the free stickers. All teh stickers!!! Do eeet! :D

I've seen multiple different kinds of tapes as "washi" tape. Some are the thin-ness you describe, but some are thicker. Some are stickier than others. I think a lot of people are using "washi" to describe every colorful tape. (I know that's not the definition of washi.) girl i know that struggle far too well!!!  