What formats work for you all as a planner? I am an adhd design student working to develop an app for people with adhd that helps structure your goals, daily agenda, finances, habits, and anything you would like to achieve. One of the features will be the option to fully customize the format that works best for each individual user. 

For me personally, I benefit from a simple day by day checklist, however, I would love to hear what methods work best for you. 

Thanks in advance! What I would like in an app like that is the ability to put in an estimate duration, and the ability to both time track and enter the actual duration manually. Bonus for it also showing how long tasks with a similar name took in the past. I use a journal that I write out on blank notebook, similar to the bullet journal method. Currently I usually have these sections: 2-3 central tasks for my workday, broken down into 15-20 minute subtasks beneath. So for "write XYZ report" I might have: gather research, develop outline, etc. I also have a section to write down 3 things I'm grateful for, a section for notes/ideas/reminders, and a section for ~3  personal tasks - making phone calls, doing a load of laundry, etc. Some things I've done in the past: an hour-by-hour schedule for my day, habit trackers (writing in journal, meditating, etc.), "wins" section to highlight what I did well, etc.

I'd love a planner app that had a timer built into it! and then at the end it asks if I accomplished the task. If I didn't, maybe options to start a new timer to complete it, or to migrate it to the next day. Would also like reminders to check in and use the planner/set tasks each day.  Checklists are great. I like the Mindly app which lets you build concept trees, but think that would be cool in checklist form so you can see everything listed out. I like the undated planners and calendar apps. I use the undated passion planner because sometimes if I’m not working, I’ll forget and if I go a week or two while on vacation of not keeping a schedule, I can jump back on the next page without losing or wasting pages. I would just love color.  I look at different apps for stuff like this, and they all so lack color.   Color!!!  Customizable backgrounds, fonts. Thanks for your feedback! That could be a great feature for improving an idividuals productivity.  Thanks! Ill definitely have to check that app out for reference.  That was what i was most excited about, as a designer, actually! I have not thought of customizable fonts though. Thanks! OMG YOU UNDERSTAND. Physical journals come in a million different styles and colors. Obviously that is a thing that is important to people, so why do productivity apps not get this? Smaller apps, sure, but behemoths like Evernote should have this down.   When I was in college I wrote an app to keep track of class schedules, including details like room number, building, instructor, etc (this was before I knew I had ADHD, go figure). One of the first features I made was customizable skins. Our professor argued that was putting the cart before the horse - and it probably was - but I really argued that making the app "cute" would be a huge selling point since similar apps tend to look plain, canned, or downright ugly. 