To do lists and Medications (first post!) [long post] First time sharing since I got rediagnosed as an adult in June with ADHD, as well as an ongoing diagnosis of c-ptsd (Dissociative episodes) and generalized anxiety disorder (with acute paranoia) which I've had for a while as a comorbidity of cPTSD. For context I'm a 27yo Femme, married to a guy, I live with him and a cat and I've got a long history of homelessness.

I'm using voice to text because it's a little bit easier than just typing it all out on my phone but I wanted to share with you guys some of the things on my to-do list because Kathy, my therapist, says it's Too Dang Much. I'll get to my meds in a minute..

To do:

Put up four 12"x4' shelves, 3/4" thick boards - bought all supplies and got screws, lost screws, bought new screws, had power drill, no one to help, gave drill back, borrowed power drill, nobody to help me gave power drill back, Now power drill is with the neighbor who won't answer my text messages. This is the most ongoing thing currently and so it is the most frustrating and my highest priority right now. I also had the idea to paint the edges of them and leave the rest looking natural and i spray-painted all of the brackets some really cute pastel colors and got permission from my landlord.

Clean whole entire house - this one is pretty generalized because it's really a deep cleaning of every single room and I want to be able to get it done before I get my seasonal stagnation and depression. things on this generalized list include, but are not limited to, pulling out all of the furniture in the living room and vacuuming with a specialized attachment on my vacuum, purging the kitchen and organizing it, vacuuming and scrub- mopping, deep cleaning and scrubbing the bathroom, finding storage solutions for the entire office which nobody actually works in (I sometimes do art in it) and it tends to be holiday storage for a better part of the year and where I winter some of my outdoor plants. There's more but I'll leave it like that.

Outside work - I'd like to pull up all of the seedlings for some plants that are going to go to winter here in a bit, mulch the big flower box and all of the small flower beds, collect all of the leaves in the yard for mulching and compost, bring in and store all of the garden materials that will inevitably get deteriorated when it snows and freezes and everything turns and dies, pull up the bulbs for the dahlia's because the ones last year got super messed up, lay down plastic for a moat that we're working on which is just a simple solution for our gutter situation.

Car things - I'm getting a car on November 11th through 13th my sister gave it to me for super cheap and it's a really great car but I also don't have my license yet because I just got my permit in August which I've been putting off for approximately two and a half years. The To Do List relating to the car stuff really just includes a lot of title and registration switching getting my actual license and drive test done and making sure I have everything that I need for the car and I have wishlist on Amazon full of mostly practical but also mostly impractical car things that I want to store in my car. none of this includes all of the actual financing that I'm going to need to do for insurance purposes and gas it's a 1994 Volvo 850 Turbo wagon and it's not the greatest mileage but it's an extremely safe car and I'm actually really excited about it but mostly nervous about money stuff because I've been terrible with money my entire life. luckily I've already paid the money my sister asked for for the car so it is mine and it's arriving on November 11th (OMG yay!!) And my test is on Nov. 20th.

Job - this one is definitely more abstract. I'd like to get a new job and get out of the Care industry because I have been a lot more stressed out this year with my job due to Medical circumstances with my client and I'd like to do something a lot more art-related which is my biggest passion and typically my biggest fall back since I'm good at it and I can't unlearn the skills that I've already learned. My therapist really wants me to go to Art School which would be really simple if I wasn't terrible with money or if I had contact with my parents who also don't have any money. this whole thing is big klusterfuk and I'm not sure at all how to navigate it and one of the most depressing things I've ever had to do was look for work so I've definitely had my job for about 4 years now and it's going to be really stressful to leave it since I've obviously grown extremely accustomed to it and my client and I have an ongoing pretty professional and somewhat personal friendship.

Everything else - this is really just maintenance chores and Storage Solutions I'd really love to do konmari, I'd really love to move my plants around indoors and look like a decent human being with good taste and interior decorating skills, but we have a lot of clutter. a lot of books, a lot of crafts, I do plenty of projects that keep my hands busy such as crocheting and embroidery. I'm also an artist so I paint and I have ongoing paintings and ideas for my body of work. I also have collections such as my VHS collection which I need a storage solution for, our game collection: my husband and I have been collecting games and consoles, specifically retro consoles and games, for the last six years.

Clothes and Bedroom - we don't live in a particularly big house, but we have 2 bedrooms 1 bathroom a kitchen and living room available to us and our bedroom is particularly small. We just got a new bed which is a bit bigger than our old bed and it takes up a lot more space but I also wanted a storage trundle bed so it has a drawers underneath it and the headboard has shelves ( we got it from Ikea and it's an absolute dream ). unfortunately this means we have less floor space so we got rid of our night table because the headboard acts a pretty good night table, but clothes tend to go all week without being put away after they've been washed. the dirty clothes end up on the floor since the baskets are filled with clean laundry. I'd like to clean out my closet so that I have more storage for my seasonal clothing and hanging up my dresses as well as my husband's formal clothes. our shoe rack is also in there. I absolutely hate our dresser because it's always cluttered on top so I've actually resorted to using the top of a long bookshelf as my catch-all personal space and it's decorated really nicely, but it takes up space. My husband is really good at to-do lists but doesn't really have the same kind of time or the same kind of design ideas or organizational ideas that I have, and it's harder for me to clean our bedroom since a lot of the stuff I'm not sure what to do with. however he has let me change a lot of things that help with my comfort in the room/house, I think it's just that he's not as affected by cluttered spaces as I am.


Okay whew. That's enough of that.
As for meds I take: 
Welbutrin (bupropion - 300mg
Celexa (citalopram) - 40mg
Adderall IR - 10mg 2x/day

I ended up having a psychiatrist for a little while and we worked out a deal for my c-ptsd while I was experiencing paranoid episodes and more dissociative episodes. Then she retired. I ended up getting a new psychiatrist who was obviously very temporary and I brought her all of my symptoms after trying adderal recreationally in order to get some spring cleaning done. I got a scrip for adderall after describing to her that I felt the most like Myself I ever have in my entire life while trying it. My diagnosis was received from my therapist as well as my psychiatrist. I was diagnosed with ADHD as a child and one of the meds I tried (my mom was really into natural and holistic medicine so I ate a lot of fish oil as a kid) was Adderall. Because of multiple reasons but mainly a shitty homelife, I ended up abusing them and then going off of them completely within about a year. 

Fast forward to homelessness on and off from around 14 years old to 22 years old, I was obviously depressed, I was suicidal at points, and I was undeniably stressed out and extremely extremely homeless. When I was homeless I found out that it's easy to kind of just run through therapists because a lot of them are in school or a lot of them are just being burnt out by the system. I live in a part of the country where it's very easy to get resources, but even with so many resources that doesn't mean that there's not a exponentially high turnover for social care workers and people in the medical fields who work with homeless people.

after a couple of years of homelessness pretty much every homeless person has some form of PTSD (I was told this by a pretty run-of-the-mill psychiatrist in a homeless drop-in center) and I of course was one of them especially because I was so young. Missy PTSD is a whole other post and a whole other story but I ended up getting antidepressants and that was kind of the end of that.

after I met my now-husband, I had been switched to ,I think it was Zoloft, and it made me feel really blank emotionally. After about a year-and-a-half, maybe less, I stopped using it completely and was completely free of any medications for a long time until I got paranoia and heavier dissociation.

As for my current meds:
I'm really glad that I ended up taking Wellbutrin and Celexa first, I think that they provide a really wonderful pillow for coming down from adderal especially in the evening. unfortunately I don't have a psychiatrist right now and actually had an appointment yesterday that I wasn't able to go to so I had to cancel about an hour or two before the appointment and I've been on a list to get a permanent psychiatrist for two years now.

my therapist name is Kathy and she has been an absolute dream to work with, and we're really getting a lot of progress made in my opinion. Most of that isn't as adhd-related, but it definitely helps to have somebody that I see either weekly or bi-weekly to just talk to about Early Childhood trauma, or even stuff within my marriage. We actually ended up seeing her right before we got married for about 6 months he started joining me in on my appointments with her and it has made all the difference.

I just want to say thank you for reading this far I know it's kind of a lot I just wanted to make my presence known a little bit because I've been working on the subreddit for a really really long time and I read other people's stories we obviously relate in a lot of different ways and it's really nice to see a community that flourishes in complete and total chaos sometimes.

I'm pretty sure I'm coming to a juncture in my life where things are going to get a little bit more adulty
And I think that having a place that I can go to give all of my ADHD feelings a spot to just be would be really helpful right now. Please let me know either in the comments or you can p.m. me if you want to hear anything if you have any questions or if you just want to share your experiences because I'd love to hear them. I'm also willing to elaborate on pretty much all of this, I'm incredibly good oversharer!

Tldr: I'm on some meds and I've got a lotta shit to do, and I'm gonna have to step it up and be capable of stuff here in a few weeks. It's overwhelming and it's nice to meet you. 