Are there people over the age of 50 (or know someone that's over 50) in this subreddit that have ADHD and are still doing fine in life? Specifically, how is your/their memory? My memory is easily one of the worst symptoms for me.  I forget sentences mid-sentence, tasks that needed to be done, information I know I should be familiar with but can't remember, and at least a dozen other related points to put in this sentence that I can't recall at the moment.

I was watching  The Importance of Emotion in ADHD by Dr. Russell Barkley on YouTube, and he mentioned how ADHD brains are often like someone over the age of 50 in regards to their memory problems.

I'm having a really hard time sustaining hope for enjoying life at that age.  I'm scared of the idea that my memory would get worse than it is now in 20-ish years (I'm almost 30 now).  I still don't have much of a career, and the prospect of somehow working enough for the next 20 - 30 years in order to retire seems farfetched already.  I'm already wrestling with internal frustration over how much simple, dumb stuff I forget every day.

What's the point of sticking around for that long if the most challenging part of my life is only going to get worse as time goes on?  I don't even want to think about what "worse memory" looks like.  This is honestly the scariest part about ADHD for me.  The other day I forgot to check a stoplight to see what color it was, and just casually coasted through a red light.  I'm lucky no one was around.

Perhaps as a more positive and optimistic end to this post, how are you working on your memory?  What are your most effective coping mechanisms?  I bullet journal and have a lot of pages dedicated to just writing anything down to either get it out of my head or possibly refer back to it later on.  I also play with Rubik's Cubes a lot and play Dual-N-Back regularly.  Hard to tell if it's helping, though. I'm over 50 and I was just diagnosed in my late 40s although I knew from a very early age that my mind did not work like other people's minds. Having a bad memory is not the end of the world and I say that as someone whose memory has been dramatically impacted from a TBI. I forget names, experiences, words, and what I planned on doing and was doing just a few minutes before. It does suck, it's not easy, and it does negatively impact your life. But, life is so very sweet and precious despite the crappy moments that you and I sometimes find ourselves in especially when it's our memory that fails us.

The people in my life who are important to me know that I have memory issues and it's not a reflection on them or their importance in my life if I forget some of the details of significant occasions in our shared memory. 

I use lots and lots of lists, timers, and other tools to help me stay on track and do the things that I want to do.

I exercise everyday, try to eat right, take my medicine, and most importantly of all stay on a consistent sleep and rest schedule.  Fatigue is my memory's worst enemy.

I find that I become more discouraged when I am tired and over-scheduled. If in those moments, I need to take 15 minutes to put my feet up and not do anything, then that's what I do. If I need to take a walk outside, I put my shoes on and I just walk for 10 or 15 minutes. I pour myself a glass of water and I drink it down.  Sometimes I creatively procrastinate and work on a task that is on my someday maybe list. It gives me a quick win and side steps my perfectionist block that may be keeping me from a critical task. Then I set my timer and just start that critical task for 15 minutes.

This subreddit has so much good advice and I am always learning new ways to trick my memory and my poor broken brain into doing what it needs to do instead of screwing me over.

My best advice? Do it anyway. If you have trouble reading, do it anyway. Read that challenging book and scribble little notes in the margins or on Post-it notes and stick it on the page on what the main idea of each paragraph is. Then when you reread it the second or third or fourth time, read your little note first. If you forget the thread of conversations just ask your conversational partner oh, where was I? I am a big believer in the power of habits and routines to get things done. And if you get off track then when you figure out that you are, just work your way back as best you can. And if the opportunity has passed you by, don't beat yourself up, just try to get ready for the next opportunity. Because it will come. I'm back in school with classmates who are younger than my children, in a rigorous program. I take excessively messy notes, record the lectures, rewrite the notes, make lists of the questions that I think will be on the next exam, and bribe my classmates into joining my study groups with pizza and tacos. My experience from taking hundreds of tests over my lifetime is a great compliment to their young agile brains and together we end up making good grades and learning the material.

Try not to get discouraged. As someone who is in that age group with many friends who are right there with me, the blessing is that their memory is impacted too and we're all just a little gentle with each other and forgiving of the little memory foibles. Theirs because of age and mine because it's just me now. My memory hasn't been impacted excessively by age-related losses that I can tell. When you get that old, you will have the benefit of all the tricks and tools of years of refinement and will be able to help your friends as they face the reality that memory can be a tricky little bitch. 56 here, diagnosed in 1968, doing fine, running business and self-help group for people with adhd. no memory problems in the group either.

- I have to admit: if I don't care about something, I don't even try to remember it! I am 50. Diagnosed about 6 years ago. On meds. Memory is the worst thing for me. Like you say, forget what I am saying half way through a sentence. 

Money is ok now but when I was younger I was terrible with money. Been bankrupt as I spent more than I had and only option was bankruptcy.

Sorry... Forgotten what you asked so will read again and reply ... See....it is bad!  