I gamified chores, habits, and longterm goals to engage my husband who has ADHD. Do you have any gamification you've used to help your ADHD? So my husband was recently diagnosed and we of course found that a lot of our squabbles came from completely different ways of approaching and being engaged in tasks and responsibilities. To try to make this more enjoyable for him I picked a project management app that best fit my needs and got to work creating the rules and lore for our new game! You can see screenshots of the layout at https://imgur.com/a/ZLg8d

*And the name "The Meemoes" came from my husband and I creating a mythical creature that came from us saying "I love you more" "No, me more!" until "me more" turned in meemo and eventually a Meemoe. 

Do you have any stories about using gamification? How has it gone? This looks like so much fun and I know both myself (diagnosed) and my husband (undiagnosed) would definitely benefit from something like this! My son who's diagnosed would like this, too.

What program did you do this in? I can't tell. Or maybe I'm just not observant. Lol. I use airtable for work and it seems similar?

Edit: whose? Who's? I'm going with who's.  I looked at your screenshots and I'm really confused. Could you explain how exactly that app/your game works? Like, not the rules, I know they're already there, but how you set it up and how you use it. (I would never do this, it's far too much work, but I'm curious)

As for gamification, I tried Habit RPG (I think it's called Habitica now) but it didn't stick. I really didn't care for the rewards and at that time in my life it was complicated to think of/plan and set up tasks, daily activities, etc.

For me I think the storytelling of gamification is not engaging enough and will infinitely complicate things needlessly if I have to come up with it on my own. I have a "step" competition with some of my friends on the "Step Up" app. It does motivate me to "get some fresh air" or "get out of the house for awhile" to get those 2,000 extra steps. The closest I've been able to get to "gamification" is using sticky notes instead of a standard line-by-line to-do list, because I just fucking love how they feel when I slap one down or crumple one up.

I wish someone would create buttons I could assign to everyday chores and then press when I do them, which would then record that I did the thing, but reset at, like, 5am. I really fucking love pressing buttons, and watching a thing change from "not done" to "done" would be so fucking addicting. I also use Habitica. What helped it stick was a) starting small and gradually adding more tasks and b) joining a party with people I know IRL and online. 

Worth noting is that I signed up a full year before I actually started using it. I was severely depressed and desperately trying to get a handle on my life, but it was a long time before I was able to do so.  This is awesome! Habitica can be good for this too:

http://habitica.wikia.com/wiki/Adapting_Habitica_for_ADHD I gamify all my math homework problems. Or try to think of math as a giant puzzle, like a rubix cube. Instead of being a slog it's trying to find the right algorithm to solve the problem. I'll do the same with chemistry, too. Or any logic-based classes. It's super fun and gets me engaged to want to learn! Instead of taking it as a boring as hell class with numbers and weird chemicals it's a Portal game or weird Pyraminx rubix cube. 

My brothers rubix cube obsession might have helped a tad with turning my thought process into a game. I love to use the app «Epic Win» to remind me of daily tasks (to take medication, brush teeth ect.) as well as to help me remember appointments, chores and events. You make each task into a quest that gives you a chosen amount of XP. You can choose to add notifications and you can decide how if you want the quest to be repeated and how often (daily, monthly, days of the week ect.) It’s very user-friendly and easy to get into. Zombies run! Its lots of fun and great to motivate for exercise.   I've had a lot of people suggest something like this to help with my motivation, but usually people don't have a very good understanding of gamer types and motivations.

The conversation usually goes, "You like games, right? Make it like a game. You can earn points for doing tasks and stuff." You'd think I only ever played Pac-man or something. Thing is, I'm not that kind of a gamer really. I like resource management and strategy. I want to master the systems of a game. Sometimes that holds me back in real life, because I don't like doing things if I can't do them right. It means I'm pretty good at organization though.

A points system might work for my brother. He chases achievements in a way that's just way to grindy for me. He completed Fallout 3 100%, and I barely got through the main quest line. He spent like six hour straight on one level of Halo on Legendary difficulty, just because he had to check mark that box off a list. Fuck that. I have a 18x24 inch poster on my wall that has a column for each day for 4 weeks, and the rows are the specific habits I want to do, like you'd see a lot of over at /r/bulletjournal. It's been pretty monumental for me. I'd like to discuss this more later this week when I have time. I really need help with optimizing it for rewards.  Habitica helps me, my wife and my siblings. We go on quests together and collect loot etc, it's quite brilliant.  I just started using Habitica, but I'm not sure if it'll work. I don't really get how it all works. I put in tasks and shit, and I get XP for doing them, but... Now what? For me and my fiance who are both inattentive ADD and gamers, this sounds kinda cool! I downloaded an app for Habitica a while back: https://habitica.com/

It was really useful back when I was still using it. I wasn't so much interested in the RPG functionality as I was in the feedback mechanisms I got from completing or skipping certain chores. Pretty good interface, too. What project management software is this?


(Also, can you teach my wife to gamify my life?) [deleted] For me, they're mostly useless.

I just have to trick my mind in the moment to not think about the thing I'm doing.  I’ve found Memrise to be invaluable in helping me remember things. Growing up I️ never had the patience or attention span for flash cards or studying in general. If there is a group of terms or concepts I️ need to learn for work I’ll make a memrise course and the fake points motivate me to study those terms habitually. So one stumbling block I would have is that I would not input things. Also, I'm pretty bad at realizing when things need to be done. Like the sink will go from empty to piled high till my husband finally does the dishes even if it's my turn.


He also says he doesn't want to have to 'manage' me. What motivates you to set this up for your partner? What would you tell him about why this is worth it?


Also, how long have you been doing this?


Also, one thing that is common for ADHD people is the unwillingness to switch tasks, how do you get through to him when he's hyper focused on something else?


In proper ADHD fashion I asked ten questions and answered none of yours. I've 'gamified' learning how to code. In the very beginning of learning I would use online courses with gamification built in. I just stuck to premade solutions because one pitfall I've faced is getting so into gamifying something, and not actually doing it. 



Then when I got good I didn't need that structure to keep going. I didn't need points or badges as a reward. But I still use some gamification principles: I keep the 'levels' or the amount of code I write at one time small. My reward is running the code and have it work. I will do really small additions and test along the way.  The worst is when I find some spaghetti code and I can't test it and get clear instant feedback. So I keep my code clean and easy to read and test. Incidentally it's also just good coding practicing to do this.  "Cancel Planet Fitness Membership," "Cancel [service I don't use anymore]" -- LOL, these have been on my to-do list for an embarrassingly long amount of time. I need to try this. Goodluck canceling your Planet Fitness membership...  there is no easy mode for that!  You need a litany of things to cancel.  Great job otherwise and looking to do some of the same for me and my family. I didn't mention the program because I didn't want anyone to think I was like purposely promoting it or anything lol. But it's called Asana. It has a website version and app version and both are really aesthetically pleasing and easy to follow. It has a BUNCH of features and I literally just started playing around with it but it worked well for what I needed. I'm glad to know it looks fun!  In that context it's a contraction of "who is," so who's is correct. Whose means belonging to someone. That's totally understandable. And to be honest I don't think my husband would have created this on his own lol. He also tried Habitica, and for the same reasons it did not stick. 


So the simplest explanation for how this works is through tasks. For example, this week dishes need to be done, the car needs to be washed, bills need to get paid, and a birthday present needs to be purchased for a relative. I take it upon myself to keep track of what needs to be done and I input and assign the tasks to myself or my husband under the Miniboss Fights. These change basically every week depending on what needs to be done. Each completed task earns XP points that I keep track of.


The Superboss Brawl is for habits we want to build but have trouble sticking to. The rewards are given for streaks. If my husband doesnt hit the snooze button for a week straight he gets 100 XP points. 

----------------

TL;DR 
Basically: You did a thing that needed to be done? Awesome! Have points. You had a weeklong streak for a good habit? Awesome! Have points. You completed a huge goal? Awesome! That deserves a level up. It's just to incentivize doing things that are tedious to make it more engaging. Rewards are things like getting a free pass on not doing chores for a week, spending money, or vacations.  This thread actually just reminded me of Habit RPG! I used it when it first came out but it didn't stick. I just looked it up now, downloaded Habitica, and deleted it less than ten minutes later. The app is poorly set up and I was already getting annoyed trying to change the default habits.

Gonna look into Asana and see what else is available too. I like this a lot. But is it possible to add friends without being on Facebook/social media?  Lol at crumbling up a sticky.  Starting small and joining a party sound like really good ways to just get it going without quitting fast. And I’m glad you were able to get around to it, life isn’t always easy but you made it work so kudos to you.  Y'know we tried Habitica but my husband felt overwhelmed by having to input a lot of information, I mean now that I think about it I guess we are basically following the same principle except now he relies on me to do the inputting part, haha. Which I honestly don't mind doing as long he does the actual task. Do you not feel overwhelmed using Habitica? Thanks for that link. I tried Habitica a long time ago, still undiagnosed, and gave up on it pretty quick. I already use a to-do list app (Things) and I'm scared of getting overwhelmed adding another, but that article has some interesting tips. I might try it again sometime.  That’s awesome. I️ don’t have adhd but I️ always struggled with math, maybe I️ should have tried something like this. I’ll have to look into this, thanks :) Oh yeah I️ love this app. That’s a good point (hah), and I️ don’t think a point system would work for everyone. I’m not sure what a strategy system would look like for something like this... That sounds awesome! I wonder if the visual aspect of it helps, having something unmissable to look to. That’s great that it’s useful for all of you. Well I️ guess you can try to attach real life rewards to XP.  :) Glad it worked for you! Asana! Haha. This started out from a point of desperation to try to connect with how he copes with things but halfway into making the rules and lore I️ got reeeeally into it.  There’s a Meemoe out there for everyone!  Do you zone out or think about specific things? Which online coding courses did you take? I'm interested in pursuing it in my free time and I think gamification would really help me turn it into a habit.  Yeah, that's been on there for a while :( Yeah, I don't know if we can get out of that one :( My wife and I use Asana as well.  Great tool because one thing it allows is threaded conversations about tasks.  Will also work via iOS app or email responses.  One thing I wish it would do is link up the tasks into the iOS calendars. Thank you. I will check it out!  Thank you!  Ok I think I understand better now. The interface just seems a little complicated and my meds are wearing off lol. How do you keep track of scores? Does the app automatically add them up? I use the app [Things](https://culturedcode.com/things/). It's only for Mac/iOS and pretty expensive, so it might not be an option for you, but I like it. It's basically just a to-do list, but you can sort them into projects or areas, add notes and dates and stuff. The interface is nice. I bought it on impulse but I've been *actually* using it for over six months. I think you can “add friends” with email addresses... not positive  I know that I've been productive if I've got crumpled up sticky notes lying around everywhere :D

I swear, ADHDers must make up, like, 70% of Post-It's market.

Which is funny because it seems that people envision a heavy user of post-its as some, like, super uptight and organized over-achiever obsessive straight-A nerd...but that is CLEARLY not the case, because then why the fuck would they need post-its if the could just make a schedule and a list like a normal person? I guess the same reason those types are associated with Adderall use....oh wait now I get it... Yeah I overwhelmed myself with it too. I'm cutting it back to only focus on the 'daily' items (get out of bed, take meds, brush teeth, shower, etc...). It's all about finding whatever works. Think of it as any kind of puzzle game where the solution is the completed puzzle. I just used rubix cubes as an example. Hope that helps! (I guess you did have some, at least a little, affinity to either computer or pen&paper RPGs before, though?)

Actually, I installed Asana like 9 months ago on my phone as a todo list on steroids, but then never bothered even opening it once! That's master-level checkmate by ADHD-procrastination!  ...What is this 'Meemoe' and where may I meet mine?

Or: 'How best can I be this to lure and claim my equally supportive Significant Other?' Both to a certain degree. I get extremely unstimulated if I have to do something, so I just stimulate my mind through other means.  You can, however, Planet Fitness required me to visit the primary gym I was a member of during the time that an attendant was there and complete cancellation paperwork.   Oh yeah, that would be awesome, to iOS or google calendar since that's what we use. Hopefully they'll add that feature. That's why I tried not to use Asana for anything like appointments or events that kind of need to be seen on a calendar.  That’s a great question and one I’m still figuring out lol. Like someone else here said Asana has the ability to keep threaded conversations within each task even if it was completed (like it doesn’t just vanish) so that’s an option, to just write in the thread 60xp and then at the end of the week I’ll add everything up.  I have Things but I found the interface overwhelming and confusing. Like it didn’t give a very good overview of what it’s actually for. I guess I should give it another go.  Cool, I’ll have to check that out. Thanks for that suggestion :) The Meemoe lore is on the last screenshot! But to answer your question, I️ think it’s just luck and that opposites attract, but not *too* opposite.  