My family asked me to take some pictures of some items they wanted to sell online.. .. . I spent the next 3 hours trying to create an appropriate surface to photograph the items on, couldn't settle on anything I was happy with and wound up taking no photos.

Something that I was looking forward to getting done ended up causing so much anxiety and frustration that I no longer want anything to do with it.  As someone who has done exactly what you have done.  Here's some advice:

Go take the pictures on a white paper or some other light backdrop.  Then forget about it.

Just list the stuff.  As soon as you list it, you will feel the greatest relief and realize that you have spent a disproportionate amount of time worrying about the something you needn't have.  

'Course if u are a photographer and that's why they asked you, this  might not apply.

However; whatever the case is, I can relate to spending too much time on this, and it is absolutely unnecessary - eBay trends suggest that while photos make a difference, it's not the only thing that makes a difference, and unless it could cost you thousands of dollars; probably better just to list it with whatever photos you take I can totaly relate. In the end I've thrown away almost all the stuff after a few months, because nobody wanted to buy my garbage. Al that lost hours for only a few bucks... I feel you. I was working on some homework today and did something similar. All I had to do was add a button onto a website for it to be easier to use on a phone. Ended up redoing the entire phone layout of the site which took 3 hours. I did add the button but I failed to realize the keyboard would fuck my layout up. Now my 3 hours of work were wasted.  One thing you have to remember is half the time nobody om eBay cares about what your picture looks like they only care about the item and cost. Let natural light come in though your windows and use the flash on your camera. Done and done. Once you start selling you can buy some soft lights to make it look better.  I'm a television video editor. Being a perfectonist with a short attention span and performance anxiety can make the job pretty stressful. 

When I submit a cut I always imagine I'm a parent saying goodbye to their kid on their first day of school. It's hard to let go, but because you care so much your kid is already ahead of the others. I spent 3 hours on a shitty custom Tumblr layout just to have a place to see my art inspiration.  That's the terrible thing, right?  Even though you were totally focused on what you were doing, you still got distracted.  There's no way to eliminate all of the distractions.  You can get distracted from your work, by your work! Is there a term for this? Focusing on the wrong thing and not getting anything done  You're one step ahead of me...I haven't even managed to start setting up a background! When it comes to craigslist photos, I'm just happy if they're *in focus*.  If it's for Etsy, use a background of barn wood and antlers. Done. I used to take so much time taking great photos of everything I sold until I got lazy.  Then I just started taking bad pictures when posting and it made absolutely no difference to my sales, they actually got a little better.  Me. All. The. Time. Ugh this is me every single day! This morning I woke up to study and spent 2 hours rewriting my notes and then I realized I was going to miss my first class without studying and now my brain is fried and I'm sad.  I currently have in my home about 5 items that I could get over $700 for on Craigslist, if only I listed them.  I already have pictures for them and everything, I just won't actually list any of them.  Why do I do this??? Wow and I bet their stuff wont sell for much more than your three hours of wasted time is worth. It's difficult to say "no" when people ask for these kinds of favors but maybe consider it for next time. There's also a point of diminishing returns with good photos on eBay.  My wife ran a store there selling second-hand toys.  She was having success but was taking (well-lit, decent) pictures in our kids playroom.  I built her a lightbox so she could take more professional looking photos, and she found that those auctions tended to be less likely to sell, in some part because people assume it's either a photo taken off a website, a stock photo of that particular toy (rather than the exact one they'd be getting, which it was), that they'd be "paying" for that photo (even though the lightbox was cardboard and tissue paper), or that she was a big storefront instead of a stay-at-home mom making some extra income.

tl;dr: There's a certain expectation to eBay photos, too fancy and people get wary... Perfectionism is the enemy of productivity. Funny 