Every single time I get a new phone, it ends up looking like this. [My phone.](https://m.imgur.com/eLdZamx)

Every time I get a new phone, I start trying to organize everything in a cool way....I start downloading icons, putting everything in folders, etc etc etc but then I get distracted after a couple hours & left with a mess like this. Of course I never end up finishing it 

Eventually I become even more resistant to changing it because I get so used to everything being where it is.....even though it looks like this. This happens every single time I get a phone. I think the only time it looked nice was a couple years ago when I found out I could make my own icons for Android and went crazy..... Hyperfocused on it for hours, it was like 3 pm when I started and when I came out of it, it was 2 am LOL. 

But yeah..... That's p much it. Anyone else have similar phone layouts? You should share it hehe I'm the opposite. I hyperfocus on making everything look nice and neat and in the folders I want, at least at first. Then I go on an app downloading spree and the rest of the pages besides my Frontpage look like someone shit out a bunch of random icons onto the page; at least until I hyperfocus on organizing them all again.  What kind of phone (or launcher?) do you have that lets you arrange icons not in a strict grid like that? I kind of love it. Haha, when my desktop is too cluttered for too long and I finally bring my attention to it, I'd start organizing seriously and some time later I give up and create a "Desktop X" folder and dump it all in there and forget about it. Haha I hyperfocused on making it look nice too, except I ended up not finishing it all on time (as u can see haha) and then never finishing it 😰 it's so bad! It's the Nova launcher!!! It's low key super costumizable haha Yeah for me I'll create "stuff" folders and just dump everything in there too. And then keep making more stuff folders and then eventually a stuffed folders that has all my stuff folders inside lmao 