Holy crap, this "writing things down" thing really works! How do I not forget to do it? I've never really been able to get into the habit of writing down the things I needed to do for later; it seems like I would always _start_ trying to write things down from day to day, but then eventually, several days later, I would start to forget to write things down, and then eventually I would drop it all together.

I've fallen into this pattern several times over the last couple of years, already, and I'm not really sure how to break out of it.

I'm trying to start keeping a to-do list again (starting from yesterday!) and, for the first time, it actually feels kind of good! For once, I'm not rushing to do everything at the last second, and knowing, for certain, that I don't have stuff hanging over my head feels really, really good.

But I'm afraid of falling into old patterns again. I've already put a sticky note up in the corner of my computer monitor (reminding me if I've "looked at a to-do list today"). Does anyone have any other suggestions for how not to forget to remember to write down things? get a whiteboard.

Seriously, BIG HUGE WHITE BOARD. Put it up someplace incredibly visible and easy to access. Fucking centerpiece of your living space if you can. 

Get erasable markers. ALL THE COLORS.

get whiteboard-safe magnets and make a week-calendar. Use a magnet to keep track of which day you are on. Put stuff you need to do in the upcoming week on the calendar. erase when you move the magnet, loop the next week in behind the magnet.

make all the notes of all the things you need to do on that board. If you live with someone, make sure to discuss with them things that are on that board.  I’ve been doing the bullet journal thing for over a month now (which doesn’t souls like that long but y’all know) and I’ve missed a couple of days but I’m still *using* it. Not the instagram-y twelve colors and six kinds of washi tape and here I’m just going to watercolor a forest on this page kind, but the kind that’s basically just a book full of todos.

I’ve found that having *one* place to look, with everything all laid out neatly, has super helped. Plus I really like touching mine, if that makes sense? A physical object that I enjoy interacting with is one of the things that helps me accomplish tasks.

Mine is a garbage mess compared to Instagram people’s— I have sticky notes with measurements glued to pages that are just arithmetic, margin notes all over the place, a key that makes no damn sense even to me most days, a future log that is half random thoughts and half appointments and half crossed out, stickers just sort of *wherever*... but it seems to be working? The tiny charge of “yesss I get to pick the marker I’m using for this page and put like 12 different owl stickers in the margin because I am an ADULT and get to use STICKERS and CRAYONS wherever I want” actually works for me where “the satisfaction of checking off a task” never, ever has.  Get a big notebook/binder thing for all your to-do lists.

That way it's easier to find+ when you put dates on your to-do list, you're going to be able to figure out when the 'gaps' happen.

It's silly and basically fooling your own brain a bit, but I noticed that when I started doing lists again this year with the intention of finding out how many breaks I took, it made it easier for me to get back into it after I forgot about it for a bit. It wasn't me failing, no it was me discovering more data (yay). 

If you're able to pinpoint what caused you to forget about it (for instance, skipping one day because you overslept and then spontaneously forgetting it the next week) extra yay, now you can figure out how to prevent that specific thing from happening. 

Other things that help me keep the habit are: I look at the list at the same moment (not exact time) each day, when I take the first dose of my medication.  

I also write out basic to-do lists for the whole next week on Sunday (those are usually really quiet for me), so when I'm still groggy when I start, there's something there already and I can just start with those things without thinking.  Whatever is part of your current daily process. If you have an app on the home screen of your phone, it might be easier to write things down. I use Google Keep and several Trello boards.  Association into habit.  Habits into ritual  Right?? I never thought i would get so addicted to writing things down! I write tasks and reminders directly into my calendar at the date and time that I am planning on doing the thing. I use electronic ones (Google calendar for personal tasks, my work Outlook calendar for work tasks) but I bet it could work if you have a paper calendar or planner too. Putting it straight into the calendar not only helps me remember the thing period, but it also helps get over that hump of "oh I remembered that I have to do that thing but I'm not ready to do it right this second so I'll just keep putting it off." Since I have not only committed to doing it, but also the time that I'm going to do it, that's one less thing I have to think about when the time comes. I also put as much detail into the calendar item as I can (if I have to make a phone call or send an email, I'll include the phone number or email address right in the calendar event to eliminate that extra step later). Basically, I set myself up ahead of time to make it as easy and painless and automatic as possible to do the task as soon as the time comes, and then there are no barriers or excuses left! I have 3 things I do to organize stuff:

1. A whiteboard. What I plan to do for the day, and other small tasks for the near future go there. E.g. "answer email from X". It feels good to strike stuff off the whiteboard!

2. Siri. If I need to do something at a certain time, I just set a quick reminder on my phone using Siri. It helps e.g. if my boyfriend tells me something I need to remember while I'm playing a video game, I can just push a button on my phone and set the reminder without having to write anything and interrupt what I'm doig.

3. OneNote. I am a freelancer, and any project-related TODOs, or "need to remember" (client details, etc.) go there. Would a joke about writing down remember to write things down be too on the nose?

I haven't figured out a good way to remember writing stuff down yet Buy a pack of small notepads or post-it notes.  Keep separate pads in the areas you spend most time (for me that's: work, my computer room at home, and in my car). Easy access, now it's just second nature I’m so thankful for Reddit. I’m learning so much about my nephews ADHD! We just went to buy him a whiteboard this evening to help him on his way to getting his life back together. Thank you guys even tho this is not my post x Also!! You can buy a large poster frame and put a solid color poster board in it to make a big dry erase board for cheap (~$8 frame and $1 board from walmart/thrift store, or if you have a frame already on hand). If you don’t need a ton of space, you can get 11”x14” and 8.5”x11” frames (and dry erase markers!) at the dollar tree. This also works with windows and mirrors (like if you have a big bathroom mirror or mirrored closet doors) 

or lately I’ve been using my glass coffee table as a whiteboard when I’m studying (note: wet-erase chalk markers work better if you use a window/table/mirror/frame with a darker colored poster board, because dry-erase markers might not show against a different background. 

 (the Marvey Uchida Bistro Markers (got them at Target/Hobby Lobby) actually wipe off with a dry rag if the ink is dry; there’s also ‘permanent’ chalk markers available in the crafts section of stores (not usually next to the wet-erase chalk markers) which are much cheaper but are a much bigger hastle to clean (comes off glass with a wet rag but lots of smearing). 

Another option is to pick up a 2’x4’ marker board from Home Depot or Lowes in the section where they have the hardboard and wall panels. It’s basically just a piece of unframed whiteboard. It’s thin (1/4”) so it’s kinda floppy if you’re not planning on framing it or putting it against a hard surface (aka you can just prop one of these up on an easel). I’m going to go grab one of these after finals to glue to the top of my desk bc it’s actually exactly the right size. They’ll also cut it for you if you’re at Lowes and know the size you need (you could use the scrap pieces elsewhere like attaching magnets and putting it on your fridge). 

Search Pinterest for “cheap dry erase” and you can find tons of tutorials on these sorts of ideas!

 I will also grab the 2/$1 poster boards or foam boards from the dollar tree to use as a large disposable work space when I’m working on a specific project like studying for a test. I’ve got an old art easel (and a second one I found at a thrift store for $5) that I use to prop up the boards next to my desk/couch/bed. Masking tape works well enough but you might use push pins or the foam mounting tape to make sure it doesn’t fall). (Hot glue or double sided tape over masking tape works really well, esp if you’re in a dorm with cinderblock walls and can use duct tape on the walls (don’t duct tape any other walls and make sure the paint on the cinderblock won’t peel off with the duct tape). 

I’ve even used dollar tree wrapping paper (the back/uncolored side if it’s not a solid color) tapes to the wall with masking tape (they also sell plain brown packing paper but I don’t like having brown paper everywhere on my walls haha. I’ve ALSO been successful lately using a foam board from the dollar tree with one of their shrink wrap window insulating kits (or you can get the shrink wrap gift bags, just make sure it’s shrink wrap) and applying/shrinking it around a the poster board for a makeshift dry-erase board. You could also just use contactpaper or cellophane wrap but it might be hard to get those applied neatly and tightly. 

Lastly, they also make dry-erase and chalk contact paper (see walmart etc) but even clear or colored contact paper works too as long as it’s a glossy/water resistant paper—I think all of them are). You can get clear or decorative contact paper at the dollar store (we have a theme) but remember that anything with colors esp dark colors might not show regular dry erase ink!

Tl;dr: having a board to write on is super helpful for lists and also large visual studying, and there’s a ton of cheap/free ways you can set up a system for yourself to meet whatever your personal/situational needs are. Also, I’m addicted to going to the dollar store and mad-sciencing ‘study tools’ instead of actually sitting down and doing my work.  I've been bullet journalling for over two years (WHAT THE HECK I have??? Whoah) and basically the reason I stick to it is because Stickers! Washi tape! ALL THE FUN PENS! It's basically a stationary candy-box that also keeps me on track. 

But the thing with it is that while SOME of my pages are Instagrammable (I'm an artist and I like pretty) a lot are exactly what you said: big scribble-messes of notes and to-dos and whatever. I have pages I don't want to look at ever again.

Also, I miss stuff. I miss days. Sometimes I go almost a whole month without using it. The trick for me is that, unlike with a regular planner, you can just write stuff down on the next page. No blank areas glaring up at you whispering 'shaaaaame.' Just pick up where you left off and go.

In addition to the BuJo I also have a weekly planner that's a whiteboard, and I keep all appointments/scheduling on Google Calendar.  