Having to be "re-diagnosed" for the GRE? When I was 7, I went through an extensive evaluation (WISC, Woodcock-Johnson, MMPI) which highlighted that I have high intellect but slow processing skills.  My hyperfocusing along with lots of parental support and hard work has allowed me to graduate with 2 degrees and a 3.75GPA.  

I'm getting ready to take the GRE and went to my college disability resource center to speak with them about getting accommodations (1.5x time and distraction free environment).  The director told me that I would have to redo all these tests (normalized on an adult scale) in order to get accommodations.  Does this sound right to you guys?  I have an MD that I'm currently seeing for medication, whom I'm going to speak with on Monday.  Anything I should know going in?  Thanks! I had to retake an adhd test to get accomodations at my college, and this doesn't sound too different.... but I wouldn't have had to retest if my high  school had given me accomodations...

I would think that if there is paperwork at the college, that should be enough, but it doesn't seem too outlandish to ask you to retest... you did do it a long time ago. 

It sounds like a bummer, but if it's the rules, it's the rules. 

Don't worry about the tests. You have adhd, so theres nothing to worry about. Just do your thing. Yes. This is exactly what happens. Our son had to be retested just before starting college five years ago. Fortunately our insurance covered testing at the time. Last fall, anticipating graduating this spring, he applied to take the GRE, with a request for extra time, since ADHD makes his reading speed horribly slow. He was turned down for the accommodation since his last test had not been done within the previous three years. In the time between taking it in preparation for his undergrad college and now, when he's looking at starting on his master's, our insurance dropped coverage for psych evaluation required for college entrance accommodations. So we started out 2012 facing  a $3500 bill to have him retested. Because of all the time spent on this, he will probably be staying home for six months to a year. He just graduated yesterday as a zoology major from UNH, looking to gain advanced degrees in entomology. On the one hand the retesting gave him new insights into improvements in many of his scores after five years of working on his bachelors, but his reading speed is still extremely slow - 25%, for which he would like more time during testing. Sigh..... My friend had to get retested in order to get accommodations for the LSAT as well... It seemed like a rather significant hassle, so I didn't even bother. I ended up doing well enough regardless, but I have no doubt I would have done better if given a little extra time. I got distracted in one section and ended up having to fill in random answers for the last ten questions before the time ran out. 

I still got into a good grad school, so I suppose it's a moot point now! I'm in the same boat. Got my testing re-done. Now trying to figure out what the hell to do with the paperwork. Whole thing is really overwhelming for me.

I'm pretty freaked out about it since in my practice tests even with time and 1/2 I can't get through the whole test. And the phd who did my recent testing told me to lawyer up before even submitting the accommodation application because while he thinks I should get the accommodations I guess I have an atypical symptom presentation and he's worried someone will eyeball my documentation and deny it. But I can't afford a lawyer especially not after the cost for the new testing and all the tutoring costs I'm paying for. So I have to just submit it and hope they don't deny it. Thanks, I guess it will have to be done.  I am a bit concerned that the coping skills I've developed might skew the results though.  I'll be sure not to take my meds that day.   How long did ETS take to get back to you with the denial of accommodations for your son for the GRE? I'm really freaked out that ETS will take so long replying to me that if I have to appeal I won't be able to do so in time to take the test for applications in the fall. [Here](http://www.ets.org/Media/Research/pdf/RR-03-13-Bridgeman.pdf) is an interesting paper on the effect of extra time on GRE test scores. I had a horrible experience with the GRE as well.  What I encountered with their system is that they are awful at making accommodations.  

I use a [Dvorak](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dvorak_Simplified_Keyboard) keyboard instead of a Qwerty one, so all my typing muscle memory is mapped to a completely different layout from what normal people use.  Naturally, when trying to type on a Qwerty keyboard, my fingers instinctively start running to the wrong keys, and this will cause major typing problems, and seeing as how the essay portion of the test is timed (and your spelling and grammar graded), fast and accurate typing is essential to doing well.

Now, even if you've not heard of Dvorak keyboards, they're nothing super bizarre.  The layout has been around forever, and the American National Standards Institute has recognized the layout as a standard since 1982, and it's an option built in to most computers.  It would take about 30 seconds to switch the keyboard setting in Windows on one of ETS's testing computers.  

I requested accommodations, but they refused and acted like I was an alien for even wanting an alternative keyboard layout.  None of the staff at my ETS knew anything about computers, so I even offered to change the setting myself--it's stupidly easy--but they told me that no settings on the computer could be changed.  I offered to bring in a hard-wired Dvorak keyboard so that their settings could remain the same, and they denied me that, too.  

ETS treated the situation horribly, and I felt like their computer ignorance and disinterest in helping ("Why don't you just use a normal keyboard?") got in the way of making a a reasonable and simple accommodation that they, though fully capable, weren't even required to provide.  My first essay had a lot of spelling errors and wound up way short of being completed due to how slowly I was typing.  I practiced daily for a month straight on a Qwerty keyboard before taking the test a second time and did better then.

I realize this isn't the same as asking for ADHD accommodations, but I thought it would be worth sharing.  They have little interest in changing anything from how it is supposed to be, so don't count on it.  My reading speed and comprehension are also very low, but I didn't pursue ADHD accommodation mostly for dread of the hassle and also because I have no money for a new evaluation.

Honestly, though, my experience with the test was that having familiarity with the format the second time around made a bigger difference for me than extra time accommodations would have.  I'd recommend checking out their practice test software that is just like the tests you take there,  Being familiar with its structure will help speed up the process of getting through the test.

Also, taking the test multiple times is something you should plan for.  You never know what can go wrong once you get started, and retesting is perfectly acceptable without any consequences beyond the price of retaking.  I'd recommend scheduling your first testing now so that you'll have room to study/practice before doing a second testing (if needed).

And keep in mind that GRE scores are not supersupersuper important.  Your statement of purpose is.  So if things don't work out perfectly, just keep breathing and don't freak out too much about it.  And good luck with your applications! 