hot take: Wes Anderson has created the most ADHD friendly movies ever made \-Fast paced and engaging

\-lots of quirky fun factoids and attributes about characters to get excitement from

\-cool, intricate, symmetrical cinematography to keep our eyes on the screen

\-characters we can relate to who are weird outcasts who have major flaws and a troubled past but ultimately mean well (extra points for Suzy Bishop who has a rebellious and adventurous spirit, strained relationship with her parents, and a hard time controlling her emotions. also for fantastic mr. fox who's ambition and excitement gets him into a lot of trouble and he finds himself often depressed as a result of feeling like he's letting everyone down or not fulfilling his potential)

\-always some cool new take on filmmaking, we get something new and different with each movie

\-grand, exciting adventures

\-interesting and unpredictable dialogue, but also often blunt and straightforward

\-mini things to get excited about like color scheme, wardrobe, quotes, etc

\-use of text and voiceover so we fully know whats going on

I can add more things later, but- TL;DR- Wes Anderson films are just a BALL OF EXCITEMENT, and I love them. I know a lot of people think anyone who likes him is pretentious or trying to be cool- but I can't help but relate to them and run away to get lost in the pure imagination of these films.

thoughts? Isle of Dogs was soooo damn good Wes Anderson is great, if you want another criminally underrated director who has great movies that are good for adhd check out edgar wright
 Unrelated:

Hot takes and ADHD, name a more iconic couple  That explains why I like his films so much! Thank you. I  l o v e d Moonrise Kingdom.  Yep, Grand Budapest is about the only movie I can truly watch from start to finish (multiple times too). Wes Anderson is amazing. The way he somehow makes them dark, cute and quirky all at the same time is perfect! I feel that way about baz luhrmann films - specifically Moulin Rouge! Very energetic and all over the place, lots to look at, and most of the scenes are short and snappy.  
  
But the *emotion* in them, that's what really gets me. I love when something is so intense that makes me feel what the characters are feeling. Wes Anderson is my favourite director for these reasons and many more. Moonrise Kingdom is still probably my favourite piece from him I'm personally not a fan of his style, but this is a very good hot take.  He doesn't make movies, he makes *films*. The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou was so stupid it was brilliant. The only ones I've seen are the first five resident evil films and even though they're a garbage train wreck I want to see where the flaming wreckage is going to finally stop skidding. Thoroughly entertained. I'll just leave [this](https://youtu.be/trWLY6NrS2Q) here. So is anyone going to give the names of a bunch of the movies or what???? Wes Anderson sucks.  Came here to say this, and was glad to see someone else beat me to it! Both directors really take advantage of the screen in creative ways, and both have quirky, interesting characters exchanging witty dialogue. hahaha so true moonrise kingdom is the type of film i wish i saw as a little kid- just so I couldve been able to see someone who was a bit messed up as me. I always felt so guilty back then. Especially as a girl. Little girls in film ALWAYS were soft-spoken saints... 

I did see Fantastic Mr. Fox as a kid, though- so Im glad I have that. It was the first animation film I'd ever seen where the ending isn't some perfect happy conclusion. I think that was really valuable for me. I have probably watched it at least thirty times! And I could literally start it over once it's finished. Or sometimes I'll just tell myself I'll watch the beginning (because I love the music) and just get dragged in again for the next hour!  dark, cute, and quirky almost COMPLETELY describes my ADHD tbh thanks for the suggestion! ill def check those out! ... alright I haven’t liked much since Royal Tenenbaums. His style is interesting but it’s formulaic at this point. Have any supporting information to back up your argument? Neither of those directors are underrated, Wes Anderson has had 5 academy award nominations in the last 20 years whereas Edgar Wright is behind the hugely successful Cornetto Trilogy among other things I wish I saw it as a kid too, but I’m just a little kid in a big kids body anyway so it’s all good :p The way the characters are so weird and awkward and kind of serious but hilarious - SO like a person just trying to cope with adhd haha it’s perfect. I was very into Singing in The Rain as a kid and any kind of movie that had lots of colour dancing cool costume music and weirdness...much like Wes Anderson films :)  Hahaha I was agreeing with you 👍🏽 Yeah, my opinion! What do you dislike about him? 