undiagnosed ADD and college Hi, all!

When I was in elementary school, my school psychologist diagnosed me w ADD. I exhibit both hyperactivity and inattentive symptoms, but mostly inattentive. My parents never acted on this, so now I'm in college and literally cannot focus on anything. I'm in a very rigorous program, but I cannot keep up. The material is not beyond my comprehension; I just cannot get started. The quality of my work is high, but I'm falling behind because in class I cannot pay attention to lecture. Instead I doodle or color my nails or some shit.

&#x200B;

I just don't know what to do. I have no interest in taking medication. I can't afford expert advice. I am not even certain of this and I am wary of self-diagnosis.

Has anyone gone through anything similar? What worked for you?

&#x200B;

Lmk if these oughta be posted elsewhere n thx yoo!!!! Yep, just got my prescription today after dropping a total of 29 courses within a year in university. I only passed 1 course. Same boat as u are in. 

GO AND GET AN APPOINTMENT WITH A PSYCHIATRIST ASAP!!!!! OR GO AND TALK TO YOUR SCHOOL COUNSELING SERVICES


Trust me, the faster you get help, the less destructive ADHD is. Can you not afford to see a psychiatrist? Then you probably can’t afford to fail out of college either. 

Go to your schools health services and see if they have psychiatric services or can refer you to one. Talk to your schools disability services and find out what is required to get accommodations for ADHD (or other mental and learning disorders) this might be the adhd you were diagnosed with as a kid. It might be extreme anxiety. Or both. Or something else all together. But you gotta know what it is in order to deal with it. Operating as you are now, you are going to burn out and drop out very quickly or be placed on academic probation which could possibly affect any scholarships you have. 

You can get a diagnosis and still not take meds. Though they can help about 80% of people with ADHD they don’t work for everyone. Taking meds is a personal choice. But if you get diagnosed you’ll still qualify for extra support services and accommodations from the school that can help you stay in, pass classes, and actually compete your degree.   How the fuck did you change courses that much?! 29 in like 9 months that’s insane! Dropped* 

First year (2017-2018)

1st semester

 I took 7 courses, I dropped them all.


2nd semester

I took 7 again to catch up on my previous course load but dropped them all. I realized I had an issue


3rd semester (spring to summer, optional and not mandatory)

Took 8 courses and thought getting a psychiatrist was easy so I expected to be called with the first month of this semester (may). Sadly, that want the case and I dropped out of all but 1.



Second year (2018-2019)

First semester (rn, Sept to December)

Took 6 course and dropped 5 a I was unable to focus. Depression, suicidal thoughts and anixety hits. Before I dropped my final course ( which I have an exam today for) my psychiatrist call me yesterday for an appointment, within 30 mins of proving my case, I got meds. 

Tldr: 25 courses dropped. Huh? Where did I get that 29 from? Yeah sorry bud! My apology for the confusion. 26* man!!! I m not a math major period. 