PSA: You still have to direct your focus appropriately. I want to advise anyone who may think medication is a magic solution to all your problems. Yes, medication will allow you to focus more easily. However, it is still up to **you** to focus on the right things. I have had times where I will be intensely focused on work, but if I see my phone go off, I’ll pick it up and focus on that for who-knows-how-long until I realize I shouldn’t be focused on that. Just something for everyone to keep in mind, especially if you are just starting on medication for the first time. Yup, the only way I could get through those two hour lectures was to have reddit open and be hearing the lecture at the same time but once I started adderall I realized that if i tried that I'd got 20-30 minutes of complete immersion on reddit and would totally miss the lecture. 


However, I also found it so much easier to actually listen and take notes which is something I had never been able to do in my life. This made lectures much more interesting but I still hated taking notes. 

Once I got these really nice sharpie pens with a very fine tip and 4 colors, I fell in love with note taking. I now look forward to all my classes and feel like such a badass having these awesome color coded notes that actually make sense when I read through them. 


The hardest part imo is learning to try all the things I failed at in my life because this time I can finally do them consistently and without giving up. I still have this mental block though telling me I'm gonna fail which is why it's so hard to completely change my lifestyle but ill get there  Very true, when using the medication my psychiatrist always tells me that it will only work if you want it to work. You have to direct your focus appropriately. Medication helps you focus but what you focus on depends on you and only you if you direct your focus at doing things you shouldn't be such as playing games or reading anything that isn't relevant you'll be stuck doing that thing for the next few hours knowing you are wasting your time but cannot redirect focus because your brain wants to finish what it's doing, but if your focus is directed appropriately it becomes one of the best feelings in the world because your finally doing something that is productive and it feels good.  Totally learning this. Before meds my Imgur addiction wasn't too bad. I would lose focus and move on to the next thing. Now that i have the ability to focus. WOW. So many hours wasted.  In the first week I probably rack up about 20 hours. 

Now I have to take a good long look at my life and weed out the bad time wasting habits. Going to be hard, but totally worth it.  Been on medication 11 months now and I'm only now starting to learn this. It was so normal for me to chase off after every distraction that it took a while for it to really sink in that it's actually (mostly) optional, now. All true, but for one thing: "Medication" for ADHD no longer just means the classical stimulants.  I actually really agree on the colored pens. I'm way more likely to want to use my planner and notebook because fun colors! and being able to change the colors up as much as I want keeps things novel. The struggle to overcome expectations is something nobody tells you. Not only that, but you have to develop good habits like studying and note-taking because you never could before. Most people have that all learned while they're young.  On my off days, when I don't have anything I need to do, I'll take my medicine and play Skyrim for hours and hours. Not productive, and I'd probably do it anyway, but it's so much better with my medicine. That being said, if there are things I need to do, I have to stay as far away from my computer as possible.  Exactly. ADHD and computers simply do not mesh together ever. It's the best thing for our brain but makes us the most unproductive. 