My favorite grocery store just changed their entire layout. [rant] :-/ For years I knew exactly which aisle had what I want. Now every time I go in there, I'm lost wandering around aimlessly and getting distracted by tons of random stuff. I end up getting way more than I should, and sometimes I'll get to the check out and forget the main thing I came in there for! ugh. :-/

I know it's a small thing to most people, but it's so frustrating. Just thought I could rant here and you guys would understand. same thing happens to me, go in for a jar of salsa, come out with tomatoes, onions, peppers, cilantro, a lime, and a package of 2000 straws.  I hate when they do it.  I think the reason  they do it is to get people distracted and buying more random stuff. There's a lot of strategic thought that goes into the layout of supermarkets. 

I try and do my main grocery shop online which helps me a lot.  They deliver for free, in a one hour slot and the service I use even has a page before checkout that says 'have you forgotten?' that brings up things I regularly order and haven't.  I literally gasped "no!" just thinking about it. It sucks when stores do that, especially when you're prone to being more distracted and overwhelmed than others! Even more frustrating because you know the stores do it on purpose to confuse shoppers and keep them in there longer.

I can't stand the grocery store. It's so chaotic and overstimulating I wind up mentally shutting down while I'm there. But I've found using an app that organizes things by aisle or category immensely helpful at giving me something other than the store environment to focus on. Also, if the aisle number changes, you're not screwed over because everything is still grouped together. I shop at Kroger and their app, while not perfect, is a lot better for me than my old paper list because it organizes things for me and keeps track of my usual items and allows me to cross-reference their store coupons easily. Kroger is part of a whole buncha other stores so there might be a similar app for your regular grocery store too. I feel your pain about the new layout and disrupting your knowledge of the store's geography... but, 

"sometimes I'll get to the check out and forget the main thing I came in there for!"  This is a common experience in all stores, in so many families. If you were a check-out cashier, you'd see this repeatedly. I just say it to myself as I enter the store and hope I can remember it until I get to the register.  Usually I've forgotten by the time I pass the BBQ sauces and start thinking about honey instead of bread. Good luck on the new layout. You'll get used to it.  Having worked retail I can tell you that's exactly what they want you to feel.  Angry/frustrated shipping is as bad as hungry shopping.  By confusing you, they make you wander to find products, hoping you'll stumble into something you wouldn't have bought otherwise.  It's unfortunate and annoying, but they know their competitors do it too and you'll usually just go to the most convenient location anyways, so it works out for them.  

Grocery stores are full of little psychological tricks like this though.  Layouts that put the most commonly purchased goods both far apart and in the back, sugary cereals placed at children level so parents shrug off an extra $1.50 to shut their kids up 30 seconds, and purposely long check out times so you either buy candy/stupid stuff at the register, or walk the store to wait for lines to shrink.  It's pretty impressive how much thought goes into the dumbest things at a grocery store for a couple extra dollars at the end of the day.  I can finally enjoy going to the supermarket as Lucky's Market just came to my town it is wonderful. Short checkout lines and if it is too busy there is a cafe that serves, food, 2 dollar pints or glasses of wine, and coffee. So I can sit and relax and then shop when the market calms down and they are open until 11pm. make a grocery list! Oh, I have this problem everytime I go the store next to my girlfriend's house. They change the layout every 4 or 6 months, smh.

The store I usually go to hasn't changed their layout in 5 years. I go in, run on auto-pilot, and buy only what I need. God. Both stores near us do this weekly, and I have no idea why. The wal-mart near our house routinely stocks stuff on the wrong shelf too, so if you're looking at the front item and not all of the items, you'd better take a second look or you're going to get one of what you want and three of something else. 

Half the time I end up not leaving with the stuff I'm supposed to leave with. Some people end up buying too much, but generally I won't buy stuff that's not on the list unless it's an emergency type thing. Since they moved all the stuff around, I can't find the stuff that actually *is* on the list, so I'll go in expecting to spend $65 and end up buying two things or just abandoning my cart in irritation. I moved recently and still drive back to my old grocery store. One day! Feels is real. 

My solution- i keep a simple (aisle by aisle) map of each store i shop in (all two of them... :-)  )

When they change there lay out, I make a new map, and rebuild my permanent shopping list according to the new lay out.

I keep my shopping list organized by grouping "like" things together, that way when aisles are changed i can just move groups instead of single items. That is...torture.  There are several of the same grocery store here and I usually go to the same one but if I'm on the other side of town I'll go to a different one, and they all look the same but the aisle order is different... it's impossible! I lose so much time standing around looking and feeling lost. And that's when I have a list. If I don't, it's even worse. This happened to me yesterday! 

Safeway in Canada was recently bought out by another chain and they switched up the shelves without giving notice. 

I spent 15 minutes searching for the no-name shake and bake and by the end of it I was so disoriented that I was almost in tears. 

I felt a bit better when I tracked down a store manager who also couldn't find the damn shake and bake.  ooo.. yeah


[/me adds "straws' to list.... ] Whoa, that's cool! I don't mind when they change up a designated "seasonal" aisle but flipping shit around for the sake of keeping customers in the store long is just evil! 


 I'll make a list but then get everything NOT on the list! One good app for your phone is "Buy Me a Pie"-- you can organize things by aisle and check them off as you go along
 I'll have to check that out. I've been using trello so that my bf and I can both access the same list and see what we already have at home. It works pretty well, but when the "need to buy" list gets over 10 items, it can be confusing to figure out what is needed in any given aisle.  