An idea for software that helps you stay on task based on your eye movement: ReFocus Yes, I am procrastinating by doing this, but hear me out.

When I am working on my computer, either reading an article, writing an essay, etc. I often find myself stopping in the middle of what I am working on and just spacing out. Or, my eyes wander off of the screen and I lose track of what I was doing.


My Samsung phone has some sort of software that is able to track the movement of your eyes, so when you are looking off of the screen, it automatically pauses the video.


So, what if we created software that used our laptop cameras to track our eyes while we work, and if it detects us becoming distracted or spacing out, it gives a visual cue (screen flashing, message popping up, etc.) to help us refocus on what we are doing?


You could be able to toggle (or temporarily disable it) it via keyboard shortcut when you need to look off the screen for a reason actually pertaining to your work.

We could call it ReFocus (patent pending)

Just an interesting idea I had just now. Thoughts? You could also change the type of cue it gives to refocus: visual, audio (like a beeping noise, or a buzzer), or even have it connected to your phone so that it vibrates when you are not on task.  Sounds like there would be a market for it! I've done research with eye tracking for my Psychology major, and you can quite accurately measure where a person is looking and whether they are reading or just focusing on a video.. 

There are two challenges you'd face:

1. **At this time, computer- and phone cameras can only notice if your eyes are open or not.** The cheapest eye tracker is now at 100 dollar, and has to be installed.
2. **Your software should know the layout of the webpage or app you're looking at** to determine what you should be doing. If you're watching a video or online lecture you don't want the screen to constantly vibrate because your eyes stopped moving. This would probably require advanced coding.

Edit: layout Let me get this straight, you're already not on task, and then the phone vibrates. I don't think so. But everything else sounds great. 