CAN WE TALK PENS I’m not sure if anyone else can relate but......I can’t take notes or do homework without the perfect pen unless I’m at the peak of my meds. Other than that I get upset at the smallest of mistakes and start over completely. FORGet crossing out.

Does anyone have any smooth writing long lasting gel pens they recommend? I usually use a fountain pen since there is hardly a pen writing smoother but I also like the Pilot G2 much. It’s smooth, not that expensive and widely available. Frixxion gel pens write nicely once they get started, and get this, they are erasable! For the first few minutes the ink is heat sensitive. So rubbing the paper with the other end cleans it up nicely. I put a lot of effort into not letting this post sound filthy, btw. A pen is hard to write about! Hang on. Back up. You can take notes?! I can either pay attention *or* take notes. Never both.  Yes!! I have over 100 gel pens because of this obsession. Lol the Pilot G2 and Uniball Onyx pens are heaven. The Pilot precise and Uniball Signo are good. I happen to be left handed so I live in smear city but the Uniball Onyx has never done me wrong.  I'm nuts about Muji gel ink 0.38 pens. They're really fine but smooth and not scratchy. Amazon also has a bundle of different colors, which I really like even though I've always been a black-ink only guy.  I've literally stopped an exam to get a different pen from my bag. 

My teacher back then made us show him our pens before the test to ensure we wouldn't cheat so he had to come inspect my switch.  Prime example of our ADHD \* 50+ comments on the merit of pens \*

On that note....

For precision: I MUST reiterate the amazingness of Pilot Frixion 0.38 or 0.5 erasable pens (they come in a ton of colors too)

For speed: Avant Style SilkScribe honestly the best way to explain this pen is that it feels like butter lol. Hands down the only pen that can keep up with my hyperactive brain but they're hard to find so Uniball Jetstream is a close second! Mechanical pencils, baby. And a nice pink rectangle eraser. I'm a Triplus Fineliner girl, myself. Not a gel pen, but it's my pen of choice. Pens and the color of the ink are very important for me too. If my notes/lists are aesthetically pleasing, I'm just more likely to look at them.

Edit: After scrolling through some comments, can I just say I'm loving how many strong opinions we all have about pens and note taking.  Definitely recommend checking out fountain pens. I have a little Sheaffer mini that's perfect for carrying around with my small thoughts notebook. They're super smooth to write with AND it doubles as a fun hobby you can hyperfocus on and then end up with 500 pens because they are SO COOL. If you don't write with it every day, I recommend getting a fountain pen that uses cartridges. Pilot Gelpens or the Sharpee Fine tips.  TIL I'm not the only crazy one. I thought this was just me! During the written test of psych assessment, I asked to go get my fountain pen from my car if I wanted to actually be able to write anything. Pilot Precise V5 but ONLY the clicky ones for me. The ones with the cap are too scratchy. Uniball is all I use I use the pilot friction . You can erase with it too so it's the best of both worlds Second vote for **Frixion** Ball pens!! I discovered these this year and am never going back. I was telling my bf this the other day, that if I make a mistake in pen It bothers me too much and I have to start all over. These are a game changer. They have erasable highlighters too! They aren't the longest lasting, especially the highlighters, but they sell refills.  It's been mentioned already but the frixxion pens from Pilot are delightful *and eraseable*. They have stick pens and clicky pens, markers and highlighters, colors galore and it's delightful. They write well, only caveat is the erase method; as the name implies it's friction, aka heat. If the paper/books you write on/in get too hot, the ink will erase. It will come back if you put it in the freezer or something, but any mistakes you'd already erased come back as well. I hate gel pens, butttt I'm extremely anal about pens. The sound of ball point pens on paper puts me on edge and my writing becomes entirely illegible. I always use fine point tip pens, and bring them with me everywhere in every color. I struggle to even make my to do lists without them. It is so utterly ridiculous. 

I use: Staedtler triplus fineliner 
And : Pigma Micron 05 Archival Ink 

(Also in university I found that having note takers helped my grades improve by a good 10% -15% But then, I am also hard of hearing.) I’m not too fussy with pens, but! I can’t work without 7mm clutch pencils.  I bought this random Chinese brand set of pens off amazon that are 24 colors and it’s amazing and it’s the one thing I love. Helps me color code so much. It’s the only thing I haven’t been able to not lose  I like the 0.5 Uniball Signos, or my TWSBI eco fountain pen. I need it to be smooth, but not too smooth or my writing goes all over the place  I must have a totally awesome mechanical pencil to write. I am left-handed and make a lot of mistakes so I need something erasable. I am also obsessed with office supplies (I have a big bin of them under my bed) and Post It Notes (gallon size baggie of various sizes and colors stays in my work backpack).   This legitimately reminded me that I left my pen at work earlier today. Now I can't stop thinking about how I've lost that pen forever. I loved that pen. I strongly believe in the pens you get from businesses. They always have great grip. I hate when pens slide around a lot. The TUL gel pens (office depot brand) are my fave gel pens, and I've tried all of them. They are smooth AF and have a good grip and a nice weight. I prefer the needle tip ones so I can see what I write. The InkJoy ones are also really good, but I personally find them too fat and clumsy to hold. Energels are also very good if you want to try them - their needle point used to be my favorite but I think TUL is just a bit better.  Zebra .5 point roller ball. I know you said gel but...you should give it a try. Seriously. https://www.amazon.com/BIC-Atlantis-Exact-Fine-Point/dp/B00O491U66/ref=mp_s_a_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid=1544115436&sr=8-4&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&keywords=bic+atlantis+exact&dpPl=1&dpID=51C-JqUxouL&ref=plSrch

I have to outline all my textbooks as I read them. This is the best pen I've found. Smooth, dries quick, doesn't bleed though so you can write front and back. 

I keep 2 on me at all times and I have 3 more boxes at home. Everytime I find a pen I like they stop making them.  I don’t really like gel pens. But I swear by my seltzer 7 year pen. It’s all I write with and I threaten people over it.  Lefty so I can’t use fountain pens but pens are a hobby of mine. That’s how I started my bullet journal, as an excuse to use pens!
I went a little off the deep end in the hobby financially, as I tend to do. But Parker jotters are the best affordable pen by a mile. Plus you can refill them with any type of ink you want! Gel, ballpoint, any color, thickness.  I really like zebra gel pens, sharpie pens, and pilot V2.

Also, I know this may not be an option for you but I love having a surface pro with the windows pen. It doesn't matter if I make a mistake because I can easily erase it and I can rearrange what I've written. The iPad pros with the apple pen are also a good option. I realize these are rather expensive, so you might not be able to go that route but I really enjoy having my SP around. Yes! Me 100 percent. I only use B2P pens (forgot the brand) but i totally love them  Not sure if anyone has said this but the Frixion pens are the only pens I use now. They write smooth and are erasable. They are not like the old erasable pens either, these erase much cleaner (no eraser particles) and with little effort. I love them and keep one with my notebook at all times. It's really changed my note taking. Try it. this is me. I use zebra non-smudge gel pens I love them (can find on Amazon for cheap, Staples, etc) Bic ballpen or pilot. Only these two. Or 2B pencil but please never an HB Pilot hi-tecpoint V7RT... borrowed from someone at work and will never go back! I’ve taken a liking to the Bic Inkjoy for their ergonomy. They are ball and ink though, and not the smoothest.(although smoother than my Rite In the Rain rechargeable pen, just not as polyvalent or durable)
They have a gel one, but I didn’t like how they felt in my hand.

I feel you for the pen thing. I just have different criterion, the most important being feel in hand rather than smoothness of inking Uni-Ball UB-157. 

I couldn’t tell you why, but it’s the only pen I will use. I’ve started buying packs of 10, so that what with my ADHD-leaving-shit-around-ness there is ALWAYS one of these babies waiting for me, whatever room I’m in. Uniball Signo DX 0.38 is the absolute best gel pen I've ever used, and I've tried a LOT. They aren't scratchy, refillable, just feels so good when you write with it. However, I get bad ink refills kind of frequently so I'm looking for something better. I heard Pilot Juice Up pens, a relatively new release, are even better than the Signo DX so I'll be trying those. I've tried the regular Pilot Juice and they didn't really do it for me–felt comparable to Sarasa. Energel 0.7 tip, hands down "Uni-ball vision" fine tips are nice. Really wet at the start but great pens. Not the smoothest but it's comfortable and nice. I also have an AMAZING erasable pen but I can't remember the name right now Oh...I thought this was gonna be about how most of your pens are stolen because you borrowed one without giving it back because you lost your other stolen pen  YES, THIS!! I need to study but I can't decide between a pen and mechanical pencil. Seriously, this is happening rn. Are we the same person?  [Here are what my notes look like.](https://m.imgur.com/1ACADur) This is from a scan so not totally true to color but I’ve kinda simplified my process down to blue black pen, green highlighter and then a brown pen (micron) for jotting down thoughts. Also dot grid over ruled paper all day and I just use one notebook for every lecture (so I don’t get confused and have less things to keep track of) and then scan and sort all the pages. 

Pen is Zebra Sarasa gel pens in 0.7 mm. They dry really fast and write very smoothly. They come in a ton of colors and types but I prefer to buy packs of the blue black color but I also like the dark green.

I take notes like I’m a conspiracy theorist connecting things with red string because thinking about where to place things keeps that part of the brain that wants to fidget occupied during lecture and when I have an overall beautiful product I worry less about crossing shit out or making a small mistake. Also in general it’s good for tracing out the path in arguments and it helps me recall way better. I've got a set of high end mechanical drafting pencils. Feels like writing with air. They're weighted too so they give me something to play with if I have a break in note taking.  pentel energel .5 needle point is my absolute fave. dries quick, writes even.  I enjoy fountain pens, but it also depends on the ink.  I am paranoid about spills so I always use waterproof inks.  Those are notorious for clogging pens if it's not used everyday.  

If I can't use a fountain I'll use a ballpoint.  I currently use a Parker Jotter with a Fisher space refill. I think any pressurized refill will give the same performance. Asked this on r/pens before my exam! They did not disappoint!

https://www.reddit.com/r/pens/comments/8yu021/ballpoint_pen_and_ink_for_the_bar_exam/?st=JPDI2Q91&sh=4ec8695d I got a Pentel Energel .5mm needle tip and it's definitely way up there on the list of pens I like!  I use fine line felt tip a lot too though. Pen Worship is OCD, not ADHD. Ammiright? I love this thread DUDE YES. Muji .38 black gel pens. the only pen youll ever need!! Dude come on - Pilot HiTec-C pens in .4mm or .5mm. The pentel energel are ok as well in .5 needlepoint.

www.jetpens.com is your friend. I like the gel pens I get from Miniso. Pilot hi-tecpoint is pretty good if you have good quality paper. I also like uni-ball fine deluxe. Zebra Sarasa Clip 0.7 is a winner for me. I strongly recommend you get it. If you have cursive handwriting, even better. 

As for the longevity, it’s quite average but the writing experience makes it worthwhile. 

I’m with you, man. Perfect pen = perfect notes.  *same*. My roomie just gave me the perfect pen ever and I’ve never been happier with such a fine print pen!  Sarasa!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Multicolored (i.e. lots of different colors to choose?) super smooth-writing ballpoint pens. My grandma gave me some like four years ago and I've never looked back, they're the best. Also I'm really glad that the need for the perfect pen isn't just a me thing. Lots of comments but... thank you for this. This thread and this subreddit as a whole make me feel less bad about stuff i do every day that seems dumb in the context of normal people! Not gel but LePen is the absolute best pen I've ever used. They write super smooth and dry quickly enough that my leftie husband loves them too. Fountain pens. I am a recent convert. Much nicer to take notes with.  I like the Pilot G2 quite a bit too.  But it has to be the .05mm - the .07 feels like I'm writing with a crayon.  I want a tip so sharp that it feels like it's cutting into the paper.  I prefer the Pilot Precise V5 but not the RT. The rt is probably better but I'm stuck on this pen. I only use g2 pens right now. I feel kinda bad just getting new ones when there are refills available. But refills are like more expensive than just buying a bucket of pens. What type of fountain pen do you use? I've always wanted to get one but it seems a bit daunting. They are heat sensitive for always. I have erased things weeks and months later. Don't leave anything you've written in your car in summer.  


I love these pens. I have bought a selection in every single style they offer. The pencil like ones are the best, but they all run out of ink too soon. I just discovered these and they are AMAZING! I can color code in pen AND erase! They sell 0.5, which write very smoothly, op.  I love those erasable pens only down side is if you leave them in your car on a hot day. The heat will render all the ink clear and useless lol. Discovered that right before my final.  Same Same. And if I choose to take notes over paying attention, the notes are useless crap. I stopped taking notes in high school, and never looked back, and that worked well for me. I can hyperfocus on the lecturer, and absorb the info well, but I can't do two things at the same time. I make no judgment of people who benefit from taking notes, but it sure as hell doesn't work for me. I have to take notes just to pay attention... Writing some of the words I'm hearing or seeing helps me stay somewhat on track, otherwise I'm figuring out how the shapes on the walls would fit together in different ways. +1 for Uniball Signo. The 0.5s are wonderful, too! They're just a tiiiny bit heavier, which is great because I don't worry about slicing up whatever I'm writing on and still have a pretty fine line. I have a dozen in my bag and all of my notes are colorful now. I’m so glad other people use pens on tests! Specifically the 'signo 207'

Great overall design/ergonomics and they write oh so nice, made in Japan as well fwiw I have something very similar! Are they skinny grey pens? They're dirt cheap and last forever. 

Unless you're me and lose them. I had to get a 2nd pack.  I want to be buried with my TWSBI 580, it's honestly perfect in every way Or when someone steals your favourite pen... Heartbreaking Pilot HiTec-C :) The Pilot G2 in .05 size is the only pen I will use.  If you're into very fine pens have a look at Japanese brands like Pilot, Uni-Ball or Pentel. Fine tips are very popular in Japan because of their writing system, where one character can have far more details than any one of our alphabet. Pilot for example hast their Hi-Tec-C line that features a 0.25 mm tip. [Jetpens](https://www.jetpens.com/blog/the-best-fine-tip-gel-pens/pt/876) has a comprehensive guide on fine tip gel pens. .38 master race... Same. I used to prefer the 05, but I started to prefer the 0.38 which is finer. I dont like my G2's that sharp. I hate when they cut into the paper. I prefer them at 10. Nice a smooth. I swear by the .038, they’re the only pen I will write with  Oh. My. God. Same.  Pilot G2 .05mm FTW! RT user here.  I love them. I’m a Pilot V5 gal all the way. Blue extra fine. The end. Uncap them on planes so they don’t spring leaks.  Some people refill the cartridges with fountain pen ink. Might be worth a try. Don’t worry. Using a fountain pen isn’t difficult per se. You might need some practice to control the pressure you put on the pen (you need hardly any pressure at all, since a decent fountain pen will write under its own weight) but that’s it. There is a great beginners guide and community over at /r/fountainpens .
Concerning the choice of the right fountain pen: I could help you to find one but I would like to ask a few questions first to narrow down the selection. I don’t think it’s of a lot of use to you to know that I love my Pilot Metropolitan and despise the Lamy Safari. It could be very different for you if you have other requirements for a pen than me. If you don't know how to hold one get a pen with a triangular grip like a Lamy Safari or Pilot Kakuno. I personally prefer the Kakuno because the Safari has an ink window that is actually a hole cut into the body of the pen.  This lets air flow through and ink will evaporate faster from it.

The Kakuno doesn't have this.  In addition it can fit the CON-70 converter, the largest  one they have, giving you more ink.  It's also larger than the Safari's converter.

If you prefer a pen with a round grip I recommend the Pilot Metropolitan.  It's a cheap pen, and at its price point, is the only one with a metal barrel. Just put it in the freezer, the ink will mostly come back.  Pencil doesnt feel good lol. Doesnt write smooth enough. But in uni i got to use computers for exams because i have a deformity in my left hand and it makes writing difficult. So I just kept it to myself that I was actually right handed.  Yesssss same ones!  A friend (also with ADHD) lost the fountain pen I had won as part of an academic award in college. 

The first thing I had won, ever.

Through my own work, and a proper 'grown up' memento; monogrammed with my name, award and everything.

He only borrowed it for 45 minutes, and I had made him promise to give it back, unharmed.

I'm still irate, and he dismisses it as 'just a pen'.

How do I make him see the light, and pay to replace it? those felt too scratchy for my liking :( All my notes are currently only in pink and black because i lost the rest of my pilots 😂   I swear i love this sub I am obsessed with the fine point Uni-Ball, but in dark purple. They stopped making them, so I hunt down boxes of them online (the old "Neon Lites" line).  No other fine point roller ball purple pen has dark purple ink, they all have medium and it isn't dark enough. Plus most of the other brands don't go on evenly.   


I will be very sad the day that I can't find any more. I have been using the same pen over 20 years now.  I just posted below about being obsessed with mechanical pencils and office supplies in general.   I discovered the Jetpens website recently and am addicted to looking at all the planners and notebooks.  It is my new porn.   > (you need hardly any pressure at all, since a decent fountain pen will write under its own weight) but that’s it.

That might be the hardest thing to adjust to. I've looked for a pen I can write smoothly with without a lot of pressure but I have a tendency to put a lot of pressure on paper unless it's a fine point pen.

What type of things would you ask? I figure there are different preferences but I wouldn't even know where to start. > If you don't know how to hold one get a pen with a triangular grip like a Lamy Safari or Pilot Kakuno. 

How does this help exactly? I've always held a pen wrong my whole life. [More or less like this.](https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-f7150f88fd93902ddd24f9e1e9ffa5f4-c) Do you think a triangle grip helps correct things like that? I'm the same - in constant search for the perfect pen selection. Would you mind sharing a link to these ones? Thanks! threaten to cut off his dick Is there a stationery shop that sells fountain pens near your place? If so there is a good chance that they let you try some pens before you buy one.

Are you left handed (if so, better ask some other left handed people from the fountain pen subreddit for advice since there are going to be additional criteria to keep in mind)?

What pen do you use at the moment that you like? Is it light or more on the heavy side? Do you prefer a fine stroke or one that’s a bit broader?
How do you hold your pen? Is it a tripod grip or something more unusual (people with an unusual grip often prefer round grip sections to triangular ones). Did you ever use a pen with a triangular grip section and did you like it?

What country do you live in at the moment? (People from the US often prefer very fine nibs to compensate for crappy paper quality for example. I also want to avoid recommending a pen that’s near impossible to buy where you live or unreasonably expensive due to import charges.)

It’s of course no problem if you don’t have a definite answer to a question or no preference either way. For a fountain pen you need to hold it one way so the correct part of the nib touches the paper.  Otherwise you won't get ink on the page and you'll damage the nib.

For a ballpoint it doesn't matter how you hold it since it can write no matter from what direction the tip contacts the page.

A triangular grip on a fountain pen forces you to hold it one way. [24 pack of colorful pens](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B07B669HX8/ref=sspa_mw_detail_0?ie=UTF8&psc=1)  Ha! No, then there'd be two of him running around.

Isn't there some other animal that can clone itself from an amputated section? (I've heard that starfish can regrow lost limbs, but this is the opposite!)

Thank you for the spirit of the suggestion, though. I'm not sure if there is a stationary shop anywhere around me.

I'm right-handed.

Primarily, I use a Pilot G-2 0.38 or 05 except in my Bullet Journal where I've been using a Faber Castell PITT artist pen size S. I generally prefer fine stroke pens but it depends on the paper; the thinner the paper, thinner the pen tip. I also don't like anything too smooth; I need some drag between the pen and paper.

I more or less hold my pen like the woman in [this picture.](https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-f7150f88fd93902ddd24f9e1e9ffa5f4-c) I haven't ever liked triangle grips. I try to use them properly, but instead I end up with a grip that is more claw-like.

I live in the US. thank you UMMMM that's terrifying Oh that’s easy! It seems that you might be happy with a fine nibbed Japanese fountain pen. Coincidentally finer nibs tend to be a bit less smooth (but NOT scratchy!) and have more feedback.

A few suggestions:

Pilot Metropolitan (fine) 13.00-19.00$: This pen is generally considered to be THE beginner fountain pen (together with the Lamy Safari but that one has a triangular grip section that might cause problems with your grip) because it comes with a tool meant for flushing the pen that can be used as a converter (a tool that allows you to use bottled ink) too and has a good price performance ratio. You can find it  sometimes on sale on Amazon for 13.00-15.00$ (but not in all available colors) or on JetPens for 15.50$ The corpus is made from metal. It takes proprietary Pilot Namiki cartridges. 
This is the only pen on this list that I use on a regular basis. So unfortunately I can’t compare the writing experience to the Platinum pens below but personally I love it. It’s smooth with a bit of feedback and it’s even fine enough for my maths homework (e.g. drawing graphs if I forgot my pencil again). 

Platinum Preppy: This is the cheapest refillable pen on this list. It either comes with a 0.2 (extra fine/EF) or 0.3 mm (fine/F) nib and at least for the 0.3 version there are a lot of different colors to choose from. The price lies between 4.00$ and 5.00$. It uses proprietary cartridges made by Platinum and does NOT include a converter. The converter adds another 8.00$. Another option would be to get the adapter (2.00$) that allows you to use “standard international cartridges” but I’m not sure how common these cartridges are in the US.

Platinum Plaisir (fine) 14.25$: This is basically the metal (and therefore heavier) version of the Platinum Preppy. It has the same 0.3mm nib.

If you don’t want to commit to a 10.00-20$ pen yet you could get a disposable one at first, like the Pilot Varsity or the Zebra Zensation. They cost about 3.00$ The downside is that they (obviously) can’t be refilled and they only come in one nib size (medium).

Goulet Pens has a [tool](https://www.gouletpens.com/pages/nib-nook)  that lets you compare writing samples of different fountain pens. Thank you! 

I really appreciate all the advice, you asking questions about me to provide me one, and your enthusiasm. 

I love pens, spent 20 years of my life searching just to find the Pilot G-2 05/.38. I own so many pens because of it. Starting on finding a fountain pen (even though I've always wanted one) seemed really overwhelming considering how long it took me to find a ballpoint pen I liked. You've given me a really good place to start and I really appreciate it. I'm excited to try some of your suggestions.  