Night owl, i feel so bummed out having to go to sleep when i'm feeling so creative and motivated It's really annoying. I wish i could stop time for a few hours so i could get things done. I hate being an night owl. I feel you!!!! I hate it so much. I'm most creative at night, or at least most willing to do creative things, so having to sleep is just so... :/ Have you tried a sleeping pattern where you have a 1.5/3hr nap in the afternoon so you can stay up longer at night? I like to do this when I can, but obviously life gets in the way oftentimes.  I feel this too, but I really regret staying up overnight, unmedicated I was sleeping maybe 4 hours a night and between 7 to 4 days a week of that; now I'm medicated and on a good schedule I sleep 6 everyday on a regular schedule along with being focused all day, just have to remember when it wears off to go to sleep at the same time, and for that I have alarms and software to dim things down and stop bluelight on my computer at night. I'm actually a morning person but I still have a hard time convincing myself to go to bed. Sleep is boring! Or at least that's what I think when I first lay down lol Sleep is inconvenient, isn't it? I have always said that going to bed instead of falling asleep with a book on my face or my laptop on my lap or watching a documentary or is better than saying my life is so boring that I have nothing better to do than to be unconscious. I have been really really trying to force myself to see it as a recharge so I am capable of doing even more, cooler things tomorrow. Sometimes it works :) I got better stuff to do haha like mess around on reddit or paint my nails  I'm liking the nudes, lately. Nice! I spent like three hours the other night on bloodsplatter nails for Halloween. Have you ever tried the color daffodil from the flower line at Wal-Mart? It is my fave- a little peachy color and just a smidge of shimmer. So pretty!

Also, it took me a sec to figure out the context after reading your reply... I was like, nudes???? I didn't send nudes to anyone! lol Oooooh, I'll look into that! 