I need advice about diving into this world Hi everyone. This is one of my first times posting to reddit, so please bear with me. I have a lot to get off my chest and dont know where to start, so this might be VERY long. But anybody who takes the time to lend an ear (or eyes i guess?) I will be deeply grateful... So...
I grew up with parents who were very "just tough it out and deal with it" type. I dont want to complain too much about it, because everybody approaches life differently and theres DEFINITELY been benefits to this lifestyle (i aint no snowflake, haha). But there were cons too. For example, I have scoliosis and almost all doctors advice has mostly been ignored. They just usually told me to exercise more and eat healthier. I was a basketball player and made it to state meets for track & field all 4 years, so i have never been out of shape. My back just literally has a curve in it lol. Also, when my wisdom teeth were removed, my mom took my percocet and just gave me tylenol. So yeah. Things were rough sometimes. But im 21 years old now. Ill get to that later.
I know, 100%, without a shadow of a doubt, that i have this ADHD thing or something similar. I purposely ignore 98% of phone calls because im too tired/lazy to talk. I NEVER, i mean NEVER did homework. If it didnt get done at school, it wasnt getting done at all, period. Never cleaned my room, absolute pig stye. I play guitar, and was an excellent musician when i was little. But i have never managed to learn more than half a song without growing bored and moving on. Etc. Fortunately, i have always been very smart. Was in gifted classes every year of public school. I BARELY graduated high school with a C average, but i managed a 32 on my ACT without studying for a single blip. So, these things balanced themselves out (kinda). But overall, i have always felt i could have done so much more with my life. Im a bit of a failure due to laziness.
Unfortunately, the way my parents raised me was to keep me in a bubble and as sheltered as possible from the big scary world out there. To them, ADHD is fake bullshit for hypochondriacs. To bring this subject up would only get you laughed at and shunned. Not an option. Because of this and a bit of other bad luck, i collected a huge amount of resentment and pretty extreme depression. I began smoking cigarettes at the ripe age of 13 and things snowballed from there. Lost the V card at 14. Started smoking pot/occasional pain killers around the same time. I was a bit of a sociopath, for lack of a better word. Instead of openly doing these things, i hid them from everybody. EVERYBODY. I discovered the e-cig pens for marijuana concentrates right away, and started doing it absolutely everywhere. School bathroom, parents bathroom, girlfriends house, even inside the car on family road trips. Never ever got caught. Oh yeah, my girlfriend.
I dated a girl starting in 8th grade, all the way into college. She was NOT a good person and neither was her family. But she was somebody that actually gave me attention and could stand my outlandish, depressed, nihilistic, sometimes downright crazy behaviour. She had an older brother that i quickly became close to. He was about 6 years older. When i was 15 y/o, everything changed. He went to prison for 4 months some local thefts and general hooligan stuff. The morning he came back, he seemed super depressed. I fabricated a lie to my parents(as usual) to go to breakfast with him and my gf. He just seemed different. Anyways, long story short, we went for a walk and when we came back home i found him dying in his room. Suicide by drug overdose at age 20. I watched him take his last breathe with paramedics and cops everywhere and people screaming and crying in slow motion. This rocked my world.
If you are still with me here, heres how this ties in to everything: i never told my parents. I was too... Is lazy correct? They never found out that i had just watched somebody die on the floor until years later. I just flat out didnt have the energy to deal with the conversation and running around patching the holes in my story (they would obviously raise an eyebrow and drug test me and such, which makes sense. I would too.) I also never showed up to his funeral. Im not fucking with you, i just flat out forgot. My relationship was never the same with my gf or anybody. At the time i thought i was just a heartless bastard. But as high school began to end i was confused. I WAS emotionally crushed by all of my mistakes. How could i not care? And i HATED myself on a core level for all of my mistakes. I began to feel that something else was afoot here. But you cant go back and redo high school. So lets fast forward to college.
I used my wit and cunning ways to convince my parents to let me move into the dorm rooms for freshman year. Yes, i come from a somewhat priveleged background and deep down somewhere i am grateful for that. The campus was about 30 minutes away from where i grew up, so i was never far. But the edgy nihilism and shit... Boy was the dorm room a mistake. My new independence saw me NEVER going to class, NEVER doing my work, NEVER cleaning, etc. But my room mates (pot heads from CO, so we clicked well) provided strong support. Because of this, i managed to slip past the first year unscathed. Just barely. After year 1, My car was falling apart, i was pretty deep in debt, and i was in a rough spot. Things were getting shakey with my parents and my gf (yes, same one. Still a senior in HS) back home. I moved back home for the summer(anybody listen to Abstract? Sorry) and started trying to regroup myself. Towards the end of that summer, my gf took a senior trip to Italy. She ended up kissing a kid who was 16 (lil bro of one of the graduates) on the airplane. I found out by word of mouth because boy were those kids afraid of me if i found out another way. She had cheated on me before but this wasnt a big deal to me at the time, i justified it because at the time she was the only one that would relate to me, and also we had a tragic high school so i justified this. I moved on. I had to focus on getting myself together somehow (adhd and depression still not crossing my mind at this point.)
I will take the memory of this next part to my grave. July 26th, i used the key to my gfs house to pay a surprise visit. I was on a walk-in basis with them especially due to all the tension with my parents. ...And there she was, fucking that 16 year old from before. It was over at that point. 6.5 years straight down the shitter. Depressed, lazy, stoned me grabbed all of my stuff from her room with her screaming and i drive away and never looked back. I pawned her $400 promise ring for a couple cartons of cigarettes and a bunch of pot cartriges. I was too sad to see anybody, and i turned my phone off and literally lived in my car until my second year of college started. The plan was to live with my parents that year to keep me on track, so no doubt they were looking for me. But this was too much.
...yeah. I failed every single class that semester. Awfully. Like not even remotely close. My report card said F W F E F F accross the board. I tried reasoning with my parents, i desperately needed to figure out what the hell was wrong with me. I needed a break.  But, like i said, they wouldnt have it. I was to finish college and that was that.
I tried to kill myself during winter break 2016. I had a habit of driving back and forth down the freeway smoking cigarettes like always (does this have anything to do with ADHD? i feel like thats a thing.) Just driving with no direction. My mind was racing with thoughts of how bad i fucked up. No friends. Severe debt. Gf cheated, entire teenagehood down the sink. But the ONE THING that got me more than ANYTHING was this: i would never fix this the way things were going. I would never stop being a lazy piece of shit. I would never stop annoying people. I will never, on my own, remember things like bills, homework, dates, and even funerals. I will always just forget, forget, and forget. There was no way out of this but death. So i threw my cigarette out the window, sped up to about 70, and pulled the wheel. And... Survived. More than survived, i had minor scrapes and bruises. Turns out the cement walls on the freeways are pretty strong. My dad came and got me, i weaved a pretty elaborate lie to everyone and said it was an accident, and we moved on. 
Also, my headphone case i carried my drugs in flew out the window. One of the cops parked his car right on top of where it was and nobody ever noticed it. Isnt that crazy? I snuck out with my dads car later that night and returned to the scene to fetch it up. This part is important. I had a couple vyvanse 30mg someone had sold to me. I had never tried a stimulant at that point and was saving it for some reason.
2nd semester started. Im not sure how that ended up happening. Most of the classes were retakes from the complete fucking shit-show that was fall of 2016. I decided to go get help. I went to the school counselor. 50 bucks? Yikes. He seemed like a cool guy and really wanted to help. I never mentioned the drug use(nobody knew yet. miraculous.) and mostly tacked all of my issues on to my buddy dying in high school. But we only had an hour together and ADHD/depression was never able to be brought up. I couldnt afford more help. And my parents wouldnt help. They didnt believe in mental health issues, counseling, and such. They just wanted me to finish school so they could finally exhale and move on to my little brothers. Then i met this girl, who is my current girlfriend. She was different. She was in my public speaking class. It was my 3rd time attempting that class. I showed up on a different drug every day and sat there hoping today was the day my body would just give up and die rather than get up and give that speech. One day, she got up and moved to sit next to me. I always sat in the back, silent and alone. Ill never forget the concern in her eyes. She actually saw right through me and wanted to help me out. We went on dates writing our speeches and doing homework together. Wait, homework on a date? Me? The fuck? It was difficult for me at first but i pulled through. Finals time came around and it was time to deliver our final speeches. The final week, i remembered something: my vyvanse! I took that first 30mg vyvanse (she didnt do drugs but i told her. I could be honest with her which was a nice change) and went to the library. I wrote my final speech about drug addiction and creatinf better ways to help people out who were going through rough times. Ive never written anything like it. I took another vyvanse on the last day of class and gave my speech. Everyones jaw dropped. Who was this kid? Is he even in our class? That speech was awesome! That public speaking class was the first class i got an A in since freshman year of high school. Unfortunately I dropped out of college entirely over the summer because i didnt have the money to continue retaking my other classes. But passing public speaking was something special to me. 
Fast forward to this year. I moved into an apartment with this girl back in april. I quit doing drugs 100% cold turkey on august 28th of 2017. It wasnt that hard. Im not an addict. I was just trying to self-medicate the issues in my head. The constant forgetting things, losing my keys and wallet, etc. I have had 6 jobs in the last year but i keep losing them because i call out of my shifts or forget to call out entirely. My new girlfriend tries to be understanding but i KNOW this is wearing down on her. I currently somehow landed a nice job as a pharmacy technician at a big chain (using my knowledge of drugs for good, lol.) Its finally time for me to take the leap and look into this ADHD thing. I just dont know where to begin. This is the part where i need you guys' help. I have good health insurance through my dad, but them knowing i went to the doctor for the DREADED FAKE SCARY ADHD is NOT an option. Will it show up on their insurance bill that i went to a doctor for ADHD? What kind of doctor should i talk to? Is there a way to minimize the process? (I dont mean doctor shopping, im talking about saving money. I am poor now.) Just... Any advice you lovely people of reddit can give me going forward. Any steps i could take? Any strategies to deling with ADHD issues before i get a diagnosis, if ever? Ive never been diagnosed with anything before. I want to make myself crystal clear, i am NOT looking to get high. If i just wanted to get high, i would easily be able to do that, meth is much much cheaper lol. So be professional and dont even say that. I just want to know how taking things like adderall/concerta/vyvanse have changed your life for the better (or worse?). I am ready to take the first step, i just want some advice in where/what that step should even be.
Anyways, ill stop ranting now. Im sorry for writing my life story down lol. Even if nobody reads this, it feels good to just get all this off of my chest. To those of you who read this whole thing and understood it, i would hug you if i could. Any/all advice appreciated. Oh, i almost forgot, good luck on your journeys on getting diagnosed and/or managing your ADHD/ADD symptoms. Who knows, maybe i will be around this sub in the future. Nice to meet you guys, lol.

Tldr; 99.99% sure i have adhd. Somewhat tragic childhood. Friend died years back. Literally forgot his funeral due to a cocktail of forgetfulness and extreme depressive state. Turned me into a bad person that tried drugs. Things spiral out of control. Tried vyvanse a couple times. Godsend. Passed difficult class with flying colors. Quit drugs and dripped out of college to reset myself. Getting life together, but still having a rough time and everything is still white-knuckled. Asking for any/all advice.

Thanks. <3 I cant really answer any of your questions, but I just want to say I get you. I can literally see myself saying everything you just said about my own history. I am almost 20 years old and just looking into this as I went in to a doctor for anxiety/depression but came out with them telling me to look into ADHD. Everything I just read is me, albeit different details but the feelings and tone is me. I hope there are some good advice posted here because I could use it to. Your not alone and if it is any consolation, I get you 100%. Thank you. It helps when people remind me that im not alone. If you dont mind me asking, what kind of doctor did you go to? Just general primary care doctor or a psychiatrist? It seems a lot of people end up dancing around with multiple referals before landing somewhere. I cant afford multiple copays because i have rent and adult things now and no degree. I always thought i was just depressed and anxious too. But after realizing what vyvanse did for me, i took a couple steps back and looked at the big picture. Reading about these symptoms was a huge epiphany for me, like everything just clicked. Seems im not the only one. Thanks again, and sorry for the unformatted novel haha. I was 5150'd in the past so I have been diagnosed with anxiety, depression, and insomnia. I am currently a 3rd year engineering student and am now digging into heavy classes where I cant really just float through them like I used to. So I went to my campus' health center (kind of like a doctors office + urgent care really) to talk to a doctor about getting back on med's and apparently I fit every box for ADHD. They can prescribe med's no problem but the problem is they cannot diagnose me. So i have to look at getting an external diagnosis but I have no health insurance (besides Medi-Cal), no money, no family, and frankly no idea what to do which lead me to this sub and subsequently your post. I should be doing homework right now in which i just have one problem I know how to do clearly but instead I am lurking this sub. I always thought it was depression/ anxiety but after the doctor had me back on welbutrin for 3 weeks with no change i am pretty sure its ADHD. I have no idea if my answer hits on anything you wanted to know....... but this is what I got so far. Nah that helps so much man you dont even know. Part of my trouble is getting the balls to bring up adhd. Having a history of drug use makes me paranoid that a doctor will just label me "drug seeking" and show me the door. Even though nobody has ever known and im sober now. Kind of a self-fulfilling prophecy in my head. Im lucky enough to have parents with decent insurance and i dont want to take that for granted. But if they found out im trying to get treated for ADHD they would cut me off. Im sorry about your situation. If i won the lottery, i swear to god i would dish out health care and the likes to people who need/deserve it. And obviously you're working your ass off to get a hard degree in a tough spot. Go try to get your homework done sir, i wish i was still in college with every fiber of my being. Maybe ill win the mega-millions and be able to pay for your treatment tomorrow lmao. On that note, I keep on seeing the lottery prize raise, and i'm like "maybe I should do it" but then am happy when I don't haha. Its one of the only things I can control, or maybe its the fact that I don't have $2 to my name. Oh well. Eh, youre more likely to get struck by lightning twice and have a terrorist land in your pool on the same day or some shit like that. Drugs make you feel good 100% of the time, but gambling is never. Lol thats my reasoning 