How long for a diagnosis for your child? I know that all cases are unique, but I feel like trying to get a diagnosis for my son is taking too long. 

I first suspected ADHD at 5, but wanted to wait and see since he just began school. By 6 I was positive, and was myself diagnosed with ADHD. (No shock there, looking back...)

Now he's 8, and I've been trying to get SOMEONE to take me seriously and finally got his PCP to listen. He believes based on office interactions that my son is ADHD and is willing to help. My son's therapist wants to "wait and see" but my son is suffering. 

Is 3 years (2 actively trying for help) average? Excessive? Fast? 

Thank you.  Go through your PCP. It’s where we went when I really got serious about my daughter’s official diagnosis. We’ve known since she was very young that something was “off”. Around 4-5 years old we suspected ADHD, starting school she went down hill and struggled. By 1st grade we knew it was ADHD but only got really serious about having her tested when she hit 3rd grade, and things like standardized tests started. We went to her pediatrician who had me take 2 Vanderbilt Assessment tests for her, one done by me and one done by her teacher. After going over those her ped diagnosed her and we started medication. She improved leaps and bounds at school, going from the lowest scoring and talking about being held back to more than passing. She was on the honor roll and for the first time ever was named student of the month. Her confidence level was through the roof. She’d spent years struggling and not succeeding and being singled out for extra help, having to fight with her to complete work and other basic tasks. It wore her down. 
If you strongly feel that your child is suffering due to untreated ADHD and your PCP supports you, go through the steps of a diagnosis and treatment with them. If your therapist won’t budge on helping, find a new one. I mean I've known since I was really little, but my mom still doesn't wanna diagnose me, and im almost 16. Don't do that. If it's starting to hurt your child's functioning and well-being, it's time.  Look into non-medication tools to work through this.  None of them will hurt a non-adhd person.

Nutritional, remove all synthetic colors from the diet.  If it has a color number its out.  European food have warning labels for ADHD people not to eat them.  
Start taking eating deep sea fish multiple times a week or take fish oil pills.  
Look at a physical activity such as soccer or swimming.  
Use a timer, I like the Insight Timer App to trigger sounds periodically (2.5 min) to nudge focus back.  
 Yes! Definitely this. I feel like I was what your daughter was (before meds) barely passing classes, having to get extra help yet still struggling from K-12. If my parents would have gotten me tested and medicated early I would have been such a successful and confidant person. Even in social situations and sports, I still struggled with paying attention to what people said and directions from coaches. I got myself tested my freshmen year of college, and went from almost failing all of my classes to being a deans list, 4.0 GPA student. It was amazing! 

If you and your doctor believe your son has ADHD, get him medicated and don't feel bad about it if people try to say it's wrong! It seriously will do wonders for his life, in more aspects than just academic. I went through something similar but yet completely different. My daughter is combined type, I’m inattentive. While she struggled in school, I did great, given extreme structure and constant attention. As I got older, Work became more independent, tasks added multiple steps(like math), a lot less structured etc, that’s when I struggled. I aced every test but barely passed because I didn’t do homework, projects or didn’t even come to class. It was years of “You’re so smart, if you’d just apply yourself...” and “You’re just lazy.” and so many other ways that put me down. I wasn’t diagnosed until my 30s(after my daughter in fact) and the self esteem damage goes very deep. I’m still in therapy every other week. Decades of believing I was lazy, there was something wrong with me, why can’t I get it together and just be normal. I still have very low self esteem, anxiety, feel like I’m failing. I hate living in my head. 
The only good side is I know exactly what my daughter is going through and what she faces and I’m in the teachers’ emails and at the school in close contact to make sure they understand she can be successful if you try approaches that work for her brain(not the brains of the other NT kids), I’m fighting for her, my kids(I have 2 with ADHD, the other is like me)won’t be singled out or held back or made to feel as less than other kids simply because their brains are wired differently. The same end result can happen, it just takes a different path. 
I refuse to let my kids grow up and live in the head I do. To feel poorly about themselves. And that’s where my daughter was heading before her diagnosis. Finally I pushed for it and we started treatment and she’s so much better off.
Sorry to go off on a tangent(and obviously you can see my ADHD lol). I just know what it’s like to go undiagnosed and the damage it can do, so I encourage other parents to fight for a proper diagnosis for their child and treatment/arrangements after. It’s so much more than being successful in school, it affects them emotionally as well. 