My fellow ADHD friends, how in the world do you get organized/survive in school? Hey there friends! I was diagnosed at about 13/14, and am now in my sophomore year of college. Despite the ADHD, I've been able to {somehow} get through school and do well, but I'm taking some really hard classes next semester and I really want to change my habits for good/do well in my classes. I want to be done with procrastinating. Please please please, any advice is appreciated!!

Some of my questions include-
-what planner do you use? Daily? Weekly? (Side note: I also was diagnosed with OCD in childhood so just thinking about/trying to decide a layout gives me major stress/anxiety)
-do you take notes with notebook/computer/iPad? (Do you rewrite notes? I like my notes to look pretty but I realize that that's not always feasible)
Edit: -do you take notes with a binder/notebook?
-how do you study? Tell me your secrets!!
-etc.

Most appreciated!! When I was in school I had a routine that kept me on track and I plan on doing it again when I go back. 

1. Make/Find a playlist. Not of songs you know and like or something you now will distract you, more so background noise. Spotify has a wonderful playlist called Study Vibes I listened to daily, it's the type of music that just flows. 
2. Get a desk and a desk calendar. If I'm not at a desk I noticed I can't focus as much. I got a large calendar for my desk so it was always directly under my laptop. 
3. Make a plan. I don't know what your schedule is like, but I do online schooling where your assignments are due at the end of the week, not a specific day. I dedicated 1 day of the week to each class and ONLY focused on that class that day. I went as far as going through my entire syllabus when I got it and wrote down my class and assignment on each date (example; Monday the 5th's box would say "RADIOLOGY; Read pages 110-167, Worksheet, quiz" and would put a little box to check off next to each assignment I had to do for that class. 

I've never found planners work for me. As far as taking noted I prefer pen and paper because I can write quicker and make symbols/shorthand that I'll understand down the road.  Some tips that helped me:

Before every semester pull up whatever academic calendar/syllabi you can find and put all the dates into your phones calendar. Attach reminders to every single date. If something major is announced (my college wouldn’t give exam dates until the end of the semester) put it in. 

Get an app called My Study Life. All exams/HW/projects/papers/study times should be put in here. Put in your schedule as well and set up reminders. Anytime you get a new assignment put it in here. 

If you have a tablet or laptop get OneNote. It’s free with most colleges. Set up notebooks for your classes. As you go through the semester, you can keep the sections and pages organized in a coherent manner, making it easier to study. You can also search for info in your notes and add drawings or pictures to help out when needed. 

Last thing: don’t put off assignments until the last minute. Give yourself a buffer period, because you never know what might pop up. Better to have it done early, than suffer because you forgot or something else screwed up. 

All of this may seem heavily reliant on electronics to remember things for you, and it is. I find my computer remembers dates better than I do, so it’s easier for me to tell it when to remind me of something, than it is for me to try and remember it myself. Especially during college when you have so much else to think about.  This is really great advice, thank you!! Thank you so so much. This is incredible. 
Edit: quick q for you, I have both a tablet and a laptop, is it ok to interchange the two as long as I have all the same info on each? Also, I saw you like to have neat notes. When I took lectures or during presentations and such, I scribbled my notes really quickly and sloppy, but later that night I would rewrite them. I found it stuck better bc I could take my time taking it in instead of trying to keep up in class and if there any afterthoughts added by the prof or anything you can add it in where it makes the most sense OneNote has a desktop version and the app versions are all free (slightly limited but none of the pro features are really needed for college notes). My Study Life has a web version and both Android and iOS versions. For a calendar, I use Gmail, but you can just choose your favorite. Most of em sync anyway.

The biggest part is getting the initial setup done. Once that it's a lot easier to keep things in order. And having the reminders going off whenever something had to be done really helped keep me in line, especially the past few semesters. This is a good idea! Did you use a binder or a notebook? Awesome, thank you so much!! Yeah the initial setup is always the hardest for me too. That's good to hear that the reminders helped. I always tend to push them away and act like it's all good, but I need to get my butt in gear and do the assignment the second I get a reminder. Thanks again!! Different colored note books and folders for each subject! I like the Yoobi line from Target because they have fun patterns and bright colors that I associated with each class. When I've tried to use binders before it would drive me insane is the papers didn't line up right, the page go crinkled or if it ripped where the ring was so I went to notebooks. Subject separators don't work for me and makes me feel un organized  Ahhh thank you so much for your input! I totally understand that! 