Concerta dose got increased. I didn't notice much of a differenc until I randomly focused enough to read a whole 250 page book in under 2 hours without realizing it Usually in the past, even if I enjoyed a book, I'd need to take breaks. Well... Now I have nothing to read.

It's funny because my Dad said to my Mom, "I don't understand how she can read while she shakes her head side to side"

It's not shaking, more like steady swaying while my feet fidget--but I don't think meds will fix that. Didn't affect me at all though and I still can't believe I read that much. A few times my focus got interrupted by certain noises but instead of having to give up, I managed to focus back in.

TLDR: Stayed focused enough to speed through a book, and take it in, in under 2 hours. Still can't believe it. Do you remember what you read though? A lot of ADHD people have a hard time reading, but a lot of people read really quickly but hardly anything gets stuck in their brain.  

Happy you have less problems reading more though! I'm on concerta as well, it works well, it just makes tics worse if you have a tic disorder (I have tourettes syndrome) I can hyperfocus and speed read and obtain all the information if I’m interested. Otherwise forget it. I remember reading through 4 full Organic Chemistry textbooks the night before the exam.

I’m actually pretty good at doing tests on little sleep.

I aced that one. People always used to ask me how I could read a book in the middle of a noisy room, or how I could finish a book THAT quickly. You’ve found the secret, friend. I hope your meds keep working this well for you, and I hope your newfound reading abilities help you out in life! Here’s to hyperfocusing on productive things! Wow that’s amazing. Normally I battle to even get started in a book, or anything longer than a couple of pages in an article. 

I’m going into high dosage of Concerta as well. Can I ask what dosage you’re on? 

Also, is your butt yellow and covered in feathers?  Books are what made me aware that my focus was getting shorter and shorter. I could see my library checkouts go from 50 a month, to 10 in a good month. I would take the same amount of books out but not even attempt to read most of them.  I can concentrate really well when im INTERESTED and in a quiet place.

Theres a website called asoftmurmur.com which makes ambient sounds to help people. Great story, i have the same with books and just started concerta. Maybe soon ill be able to read my textbooks. I'm on concerta and I just went from 18mg to 36mg. But I'm so all over the place that I can't honestly tell if it's helping... And agitation seems to be an issue.

I do know that it really helps with the low mood and fatigue from my 50mg of Zoloft though.  Even normally I can't remember everything read. So sometimes I read it more than once. But even now while reading, unlike assigned readings in school, I felt like a sponge and remembered most of the main points. I want to go back and post-it note some stuff later when I have the stuff to.

However when I read leisurely, it's usually something from the "Business" section of the store where things are practical and applicable. So when I read I'm constantly simultaneously thinking about how to apply it to my life, which is probably why I remember those better. Ugh yeah...... I’ll blast my way thro and will have missed stuff. Like in college when I had to read The Earth Abides and didn’t catch when the main character said the woman he found and went to have kids with was black. I was lost when we discussed that in class...... like “wait wut?”  I have a had time reading and whenever I manage it absolutely nothing sticks. I could read it slowly and out loud and I'd still forget a sentence by the time I've finished it. Every type of medication I've tried makes my tics much worse so I've had to just stop taking them. They go from a 6/10 to a 9/10 and from maybe 30-60 seconds on average to 10-20 on a good day. Have you tried Strattera? It doesn't exacerbate tics or anxiety and is generally much safer than concerta.  [deleted] No worries, I'm usually the same. I am EXTREMELY picky with what I want to read. I can't read fiction or textbooks. It's all usually stuff from the "business" section of the book store where it is non-fiction with information applicable to my life, so it's interesting. Otherwise, it's real hard to read anything other than manga. Albeit this is the first book I've read on my medication so far. Currently on 27mg or whatever near that dose is. However I'm potentially going higher but we are seeing how this will work for the next few weeks.

And yes, my butt is covered in yellow feathers. Don't tell anyone God damn, 10 a *year* would be GREAT for me. Good to hear! How long has your dose been increased for? In high school, prediagnosis (and meds) this happened to me a lot! Like I would spend lots of time reading the book and then get to class and they’d discuss a theme I hadn’t even noticed slightly  [deleted] No...  No it’s not. Oh ok Nope, I use Adderal. But what I meant is just hyper focus in general, not the meds. Sorry if that was unclear.

(Edit ! For .) I'm exactly the same, my eyes start glazing over as soon as I read something that's fiction. That's not to say I hate fiction or the idea of it, it's just I actually do not have the concentration for it. I'm very much the same with the book store, if it's not CS, then I'm usually not in those sections. 

I started on 18mg and was total it's something they give kids, so I was moved to 36mg, which worked rather well. Now, I'm moving to 54mg. But I think that may be a bit much and might feel a bit robotic after taking it. 

Your ability to focus on reading (as you described), do you think that's mainly down to the Concerta? I admire your ability to ace through books like that. I know so many people who don't read books at all, which I find baffling. I just read fast and have no life : / Weirdly enough that was the first day of increasing. However I'm also camping with crappy service (apologies if I double post), so I needed something to do because I was bored as heck. I was on I believe 18mg or something for a week, then increased yesterday to 27mg.

My best dose is 50-something (been on concerta in the past), but I'm slowly increasing. I think I'll be on this dose for a few weeks to see how it works long-term because I know it can be great in the beginning then after it's in your system, it sorta lessens a bit... If that makes sense? Bad at wording things I'm not a doctor. You had a bad experience, I have a good experience with it. Let the therapists decide.  If you consider the high chance of having suicidal thoughts to be “safer” then sure. I think the concerts helped a bit. A few times I lost focus from noises but I managed to focus in again when I moved where I was. And also just a few months ago I had a book I really enjoyed but I couldn't read it for more than probably 15-20minutes at a time.

I just find it funny I read it so fast. Other than school readings which I mostly skipped because I usually couldn't focus, I have probably only read for myself twice. But now I want to cause I enjoy it again. I used to read like a monster and be above the bar in my writing and English skills, but I gave up come university because I couldn't focus for the life of me. Didn't think I could still read fast tbh cause I haven't been able to since I was around 17. 24 right now I always wish I read more... I love buying books...

Are you in any book clubs? I always thought that might be a fun way to meet people and have a regular social outing, but no way I can keep up. Yeah, I just wanted to say. 

The first 2-6 weeks are the "Honeymoon weeks"; after that you get used to the feeling so it doesn't feel as responsive as it did the first few weeks. However, you as a person should try and make the best use of the after-honeymoon-fase as possible, cause it's not realistic that you feel euphoric forever. 

Try to make use of the strong feeling now to learn coping mechanisms and stuff.  Well I already have those due to depression and I'm medicated for that   I am in a Geek Girls group that has a book club component that works out for me sometimes (they change up the days they meet). Maybe 2 times a year?  Yeah. That's good advice, the coping mechanism thing. I know meds aren't a total cure, but they do help a lot. But with any medication you need to make a concerted effort to better yourself as well. Any tips on mechanisms that have helped you? Don't take our word for it, just talk to your therapist about it and see what he/she thinks. Strattera was originally developed as an anti depressant, so it might be helpful. Depending on your age, you might want to consider it - suicidal thoughts happens more frequently in children.  I started a bullet journal. Takes allot of work but I take the time to organize myself and my thoughts. Also I don't have the goal to make it all pretty, iets to be functionaliteit. Now I have a way that works best for me and gives me time to work on the creatieve side.  OK , but the current meds I'm on are conceta and fluvaxamine I've been considering one but I feel I'd get too caught up on the perfect layout and feel I ruined the thing if I messed up a page. I do want a planner though. However I found the PERFECT one with an amazing layout and design (vertical layouts are my preferance), but after exchange rate and shipping the damn thing would cost $90+

So I guess I should just try bullet journalling haha I am not familiar with the second one. I have been on Concerta though and the tics and nervousness became too much for me. It was good to find out there were alternatives. Good luck :)  Hahaha one of the hardest things, not being mr/ms perfect about everthing xD I definitely went down the exact same path, had to spend hours making everything perfect, ripped out pages, bought new journals, bought new pens, etc. It's not for everyone, and it obviously wasn't for me as it just added stress. I may give it another go with a minimalist feel, but now I've already started (in January) and it would feel like a waste even though I'm already wasting it by not using it... Leuchtturm1917 / Moleskine vertical weekly _with notes_ is my lifesaver. You have a whole page for to-dos. ~~And my phone. And post it's in there. But still~~ it's not super cheap though Ok I legit bought a gridded Leuchtturm two days ago LOL

But that was just an additional planner for side-notes and pages that aren't note-heavy. I actually made an A5 6-ringed planner! I've used Adobe InDesign in the past and decided that I'd take all the stuff I wanted from other planners and put it into one. there's also no issue if I fuck up pages because I can re-print them as well. It's been great for school because I made some pages relating to class like a spread for my class schedule, assignment trackers, etc.

 I use the gridded Leuch. for other stuff like weekly tasks/habit trackers/semester to-dos/etc. It's SUCH a nice journal. Great quality. 