I have a great idea for an App to help ADHDers, anyone want to Develop it? I'm just going to throw this out there, and see if anyone wants to run with it. 

I picture a time management app which works by blocking out time and setting reminders for tasks.

The interface would be a straight line representing 24hrs of the day, much like how soundcloud looks when playing a track, or like a video editing track.  There would be a bar moving across the timeline representing the current time.

One can click on the time to add tasks, and when the current time reached the task it would pop up a reminder (or could be set to do 10 min beforehand etc).  each task could be color coded by importance. One could zoom out on the timeline to see how much of time is accounted for.  Maybe a check box to let program know task was accomplished.

In addition, there could be a summary function which gives a breakdown of time spend during the day. Maybe even random pop ups which ask you what you are currently doing when nothing is scheduled?

I know this would help me keep track of tasks, and aware of time. Basically make up for poor executive function. It would also help maintain a proper sleep schedule. I think it would be especially useful for self employed people who are responsible for maintaining a routine on their own. ie no boss keeping them on track.

Anyone think this would also help them, or ideas to improve?  I'll buy it.

Edit: Make it colorful, i.e. color-code elements like work, play, zoning out, chores, whatever, so I can easily see visually how my time is used. Seriously, when this gets created, announce it here so I can buy it. Hey,
I'm a software engineer and Android app developer. I'm also diagnosed with ADHD. 
I am interested in this. Could we exchange information? X-post this to /r/Android. Or there are some services where you can pay to have your ideas developed. I quite like this idea of having a "timeline"!

Unfortunately, I don't have the skills to create such an app - Hopefully someone else does :) Give me a year and I'll see what I can do.  There've been a few threads like this:  
* http://redd.it/1e1tw0  
* http://redd.it/1edve9  
* http://redd.it/1dxs2v  
* http://redd.it/1dc3la  

Idk if I can find my detailed replies from before, but you might try collating the info from these threads and working with some of the other people involved.  =) It's called 30/30
 There's no phrase that makes developers run like "I have a great idea for an App."  It's usually followed by "I'll give you a percentage of the profits."  The sad truth is that an idea by itself is worthless.  No one is going to write the code for this app unless you are paying for their time in cold, hard cash and it's going to be more expensive than you imagine.  Why would a programmer work for free when they could just sell it themselves and collect 100% of the profits?

The good news is that learning to program isn't as hard as you think it is.  If you want to turn your idea into a working product then get to work coding it up.  Even if the app doesn't become a big hit, you'll have learned a ton from the experience. I wanna try it but knowing me ill start and stop Yeah, this would be awesome. I don't know anything about creating apps either.... Also hoping someone else does, like that other libertydick guy. As far as the timeline part goes, if you have an iPhone or iOS device just use the Day view on your calendar. Set events using start time and end time.  My one qualm is the timeline on the average screen. You gotta think of screen orientation, most people hold a phone in the upright position, giving you little visible space for your timeline from the Left to Right of the screen. Maybe make two 12 hour timelines, one for day, one for night, that way you don't have to do as much zooming in and out.

Unless you just make the app to work on the longer screen dimension. Would definitely pay for this kind of app. Someone get on it! > "The interface would be a straight line representing 24hrs of the day, much like how soundcloud looks when playing a track, or like a video editing track. There would be a bar moving across the timeline representing the current time.
One can click on the time to add tasks, and when the current time reached the task it would pop up a reminder (or could be set to do 10 min beforehand etc). each task could be color coded by importance. One could zoom out on the timeline to see how much of time is accounted for. Maybe a check box to let program know task was accomplished."

Essentially all of these features, minus the straight line/timeline interface, are in Google Calendar and I have been using it for years for this purpose. It basically runs my day and I don't think I would ever get anything done without it. any.do, astrid, google tasks, wunderlist etc. Will it take some time to configure? yes, is it worth it? fuck yeah.  Unfortunately I do not have the iPhone or Android API, but I do know web programming. I'm starting a project now. Maybe I can make it a chrome plug in or something. Alerts will be difficult. I'm a developer. I've had an app like this floating around in my head for years. But... I'd utilize this.  there is something kinda like that but not quite. Keep us posted. If you can make a sketch or something of your idea, I'll do it for Windows Phone. Your description is a bit confusing, but if I can get a picture idea of what you're talking about, I got it covered. Except I don't know what the demand would be for a Windows Phone app considering it makes up a very small part of the smartphone market. If i get a solid amount of windows phone users to reply though, I'll do it! I use Pocket Informant Pro with Google Calendar. It's too "busy", your timeline idea looks really clean. I'd buy it. No app making skills though  I have a whiteboard divided into 4 sections. Things I want to get done for the day, week, month, and far future. Pretty much the same thing, you know, if you don't wanna procrastinate by waiting for an app to be developed. Absolutely. But get a colourblind person to QA it first! Update please!
 Anyway this could get thrown up on github so we can all contribute? Longshot, I know, since it messes with the monetization... [deleted] I have some android experience as well, I can also help out. [deleted] You better do this. For the good of all ADHDers message sent
 I'm a motion graphics designer, and trying to grow mybase in UI/UX design. I also have ADHD. This app sounds awesome and I'd love to jam some wireframes out for it. Let me know. I have been looking for a Android project to work on. This is great, thank you for taking the time to compile that list.  It's awesome. 
I tried reading boring/hard material with this.
Assign 1 Minute per Page, turn when it vibrates. Awesome! That App looks really amazing, I need to try it out. It doesn't have the graphical interface I was suggesting, nor does it appear to ask me what I'm doing if nothing is scheduled.  Something like that would be great for ADHD people who often lose track of how much time has passed. If I could turn a fraction of the ideas I have into working products I would be a millionaire ; )

I just need an app to help me manage my time.  Vertical timeline This is a good point, I initially imagined it to be a timeline when held horizontally, but then switch to a list when held vertically.  Of course, there are some games and other apps I can think of which only work on the longer screen dimensions, so..

Good Idea splitting it into two 12 hour periods. Plus the ability to check in and see what the user is doing if nothing is scheduled.  This would be a great feature for those with poor executive function, like people with ADHD.

APP "It is now 2PM, What are you doing?"

User "O shit, I've been on Reddit for the last 2 hours and didn't realize it." I'll agree with any.do, It's amazing how simple yet insistent it is. what about synch to google calendar, and alerts through that?  Excellent! Could you send me some information; email, experience, interest? Awesome! Could you send me some information; email, experience, interest? Send info! Replied Send me some info! And email. Could you send me info, experience, email. Two things I'll add:

1. Make sure there's also a desktop/web interface for mass-editing access and general overview of the layout on a larger screen.

2. Make use of existing apps and sites; just link those into a more automated/useful streamlined overall app.  

  For example:  One can use an existing calendar app to make a schedule, and most of those will let you set the location from your contacts.  It would be nice if it was automated to have Google Maps to give you a predicted travel time.  Another nice aspect would be to have a script that would *schedule* prompts to prepare for and leave at the appropriate time(s), and would also schedule the return-travel time.

The desktop/web app would mean the screen was big enough for drag and drop arranging.  =) There we go! Yeah, I was literally just thinking about this (though you posted an hour ago...)

The question "what am I doing" requires the manifestation of an ego. What am *I* doing? The definition of *I* is paramount to that question. It requires a person to think about themselves and what they do.

For a person with ADHD, it may be incredibly easy to get caught up in the I, and to fantasize and define the I.

This is why schedules are so useful, and why "idle hands make the devil's work."

I have found it incredibly useful myself to make sure that I have, every day, ONE THING that I'm supposed to be focused on. Then I never have to ask myself "what am I doing?" That ONE THING is usually reading. Reading helps train the mind to pay attention over longer periods of time, as opposed to something like the internet.

I read until I need to do something important. I make sure to try and schedule the important things so I'm not focused on "what do I have to do in _____ minutes."

Focus is kind of an art... I'm still trying to figure it out. I think it really comes down to personal preference, i used astrid for a while and then switched to any.do.  An interesting idea. Maybe it can just be an interface to google, like just use that view. Sure, I work for the government here in DC. I have about 15 years experience in the IT field really mostly on system admin side managing Unix servers. My programming experience is about 3 to 5 years of active programming both with a team and solo. In terms of Java experience, I wrote a program to take records from various tables in a database and create a xml formatted document from it. I have also worked with Play to create a web based app for our financial department. I have gone through the Android tutorials a whole back but didn't get to create anything useful. Finally, I have experience in C#, Python, and Perl. Ping me if you want to know more. My email address is oberoc@gmail.com. 