How to choose clothes. TL;DR: Only buy things you can always wear, and buy at least 8 sets of them. Always put them on when you start your day, even if you have to change later.

I only buy business casual clothes in fairly mundane styles/colors.

I only buy clothes that do not require ironing or special washing/drying.

I do laundry once a week, on the same day.

This requires 8 pairs of clothes. One for every day, plus one to wear while washing the others.

I also have 2 suits, 2 gym outfits, 2 “dirty job“ outfits, and 1 bathing suit, but those are exceptions to my routine. I have no casual clothes except sweaters for layering, and pajamas. I also have plenty of spare underwear that I change every time I change clothes.

I start the day in the business casual clothes after my morning routine EVERY DAY regardless if I have to change to do something else later.

I organize my outfits by placing clean things on the right when they come out of the dryer, and pulling outfits from the left. I never think about what I am going to wear until after I am dressed in my business casual clothes. I never think about washer or dryer settings because my clothes can be washed and dried on any setting.

I do household chores sometimes that result in me getting really dirty. I use “dirty job” clothes for this and change into them right before the chore. Then shower and change back into business casual, or night clothes depending on how much time is left. I have extra underwear that I change with every clothing change, but I wear the same business casual outerwear.

Going to the gym I do not do very much, but I would follow the same “dirty job”  system with gym clothes. If you go to the gym a lot, you will need more gym clothes.

For funerals, weddings, and interviews, I wear a suit and spend a stupid amount of time figuring out the tie. Again changing into them after the first clothes, like chore days.

The main idea here is to always wear something that is okay to go out in. Even if you do not go out, it feels a lot better to answer the door in acceptable clothes rather than pajamas. This is pretty much my approach to clothing. The majority of my clothes are just the exact same style jeans and printed t-shirts so I never have to think about what to wear or go hunting for something that matches. Love this! Except one thing, I like to mix things up and by stylish and what not. Love the whole getting dressed in regular clothes for the day thing though@! I feel that, always got some jeans and a shirt on.  Shopping is too much fun, but I’m a short dude so nothing’s ever in my size.

I grew up mad poor, so I was always wearing hand me downs that never fit, looked disgusting (short sleeve plaid button-downs 🤮🤮 thanks Mom), and belonged in the Social Suicide warehouse.  Once I started earning my own money, though, I felt like I had to buy everything at once and do a full makeover.

What I learned was to take risks on stuff that might not work, and listen to people’s opinions.  Fashion is your first and best advocate, and can really give you a much needed confidence boost out and about.  It’s good social hygiene, in a sense. I love fashion, so I am a bit more creative with clothing choices, but because I'm awful at colour-coordinating my clothes are part of one of two colour schemes (Not including denim):

* Black, White and Grey

* Red, Navy, White

I have a couple of items in jewel-toned accent colours that match really well with black.

The Red/Navy/White colour scheme is mostly for summer, while the Black/White/Grey one is mostly for winter. So convenient! a couple of years ago i figured out a way to scam a dr pepper promotion and i got like 24 dr pepper shirts out of it, so now everyday i just grab the next dr pepper shirt on the rack and it makes getting dressed in the morning sooo much easier

10/10 would scam again, if they didnt fix the fucking LOOPHOLE the NEXT YEAR, ASSHOLES 