Fake handicapped panhandler is from Austin. Has anyone seen him before? "I Gotta Go. Gotta Make Some Money"   I once saw this dude panhandling for change over by the domain. He was in a wheelchair and it was pretty windy that day. His sign blew out of his hands and he jumped up and chased after the sign then just sat back down and acted like nothing happened. I hate to say is, but this is the reason why I NEVER give panhandlers money. Well that and I imagine most of them will just use it for cigs / alcohol or some other shit.

I'll give them food though, occasionally. To get it clear this dude is wheelchair bound - I haven't seen him in at least eight years tho. This whole mental-disability shtick is new to me; he was just an ungrateful dragrat back then. Not every homeless person is a con artist, this guy apparently is.  a smouldering smile... Heh. Saw this on /r/rage the other day. Had to rewind when he said where he was from. What a classy douche. I heard he graduated top of his class at ARCH (Austin Regional College for Homelessness). Is it wrong to punch someone in a wheelchair, even if they're faking it? No, but if I do, I'll call him a butthead. Frustrated by his scam, but a player sees a player making that cash Wow, I kind of love this guy. He has effectively boiled down his speech pathology degree to an art form.  Really?  Down votes because I don't give poor panhandlers money?!  Wow.   hope he gets raped by a pack of niggers- Mel Gibson I think I saw him too. He stood up to take of his jacket. I guess he was working up a sweat. >I'll give them food though, occasionally.

For which they thank you profusely, then throw on the ground when you drive away. Every. Time. I don't even justify to give them ANYTHING.  "Give a man a fish.  Feed him for a day.  Teach a man to fish.  Feed him for a lifetime."Stupid analogy, but I see the same sonsabitches everyday like it's ok. :-/  Like I DON'T know times are tough.Tho there is a more slender/halfway boneable chick on the southbound light of Woodward and 35... While it is definitely true that not every homeless person is a con artist, anyone soliciting for change at a traffic intersection probably is.  Con artists will aggressively run genuinely homeless people off from lucrative intersections. I will hide and protect those black people if they rape him.

-Catholic Church really? that sucks :/ I hate the people with signs that say 'need work'.... Yeah, fool? Well ME TOO. So why don't you hot step on in to the city and fill out a million applications just like I did?  