(x-posted in r/Assistance) Help me win a wheelchair accessible van! Hey y'all. I've read the rules and think this is okay to post, but if it's not, I apologize. I've entered a contest for Mobility Awareness Month for a wheelchair accessible van. Having a van would completely change my life. If you all would be so kind to vote for me, that would be incredible. You can vote once a day throughout this month of May. Some people have over a thousand votes, so if anyone has any great suggestions, please help a gal out! Thanks again, Redditors. [Vote here!](http://www.mobilityawarenessmonth.com/entrant/heather-kerstetter-austin-tx/) Voted as well.  Good luck.  I would post on the Austin Chivers Group on facebook possibly if you haven't already. I voted and passed the link on to several friends.  :)  This might be a long shot, but you could try to reach out to local media for more publicity about votes, telling your story about how hard it is to get around Austin.  And you never know, some rich car dealer might be looking for a tax write-off and some nice publicity!  I voted for you. Good luck!!  Voted! Done and done! Good luck :) Done. Your service dog is absolutely adorbs!! Good luck!!! Voted, good luck. You're right public transit here sucks. Voted! Good luck! You might also try posting this at /r/Favors. I voted.  Good luck! Voted! Good luck!!  I voted and I posted on my Facebook wall!
My husband just got his first accessible van that he can drive this week, so I know how much it means. Have you ever talked to DARS about getting a van? Hi there.  I've been voting for you this month since you posted this.  You have a lot of votes, but is there a way to tell how close you are?  I think you should re-post for a final push if you are close to winning!  Good luck.   Ooooh, I've never heard of it. I'm about to go do that. Thank you! Not a bad idea!! Yesss.  Thank you! Hope you have an amazing day.
 Thank you so much! Thank you for being to jelly to my peanut butter! Aw thank you!! He's the greatest.  For REAL. I just can't keep putting my body through the torture of it all the time. Thank you for your vote!  Oooh thank you! Good idea!  Thank you and cheers!  Thanks! That's so awesome! Tell him I said congratulations! I've talked to DARS, yes. If I buy a van (can't afford this), they will help with modifications. But DARS won't make vehicle purchases. One day mrselazzi, I'll be driving like your husband. :) Thank you so much.  Yup.  It's usually a pretty cool group, they get behind stuff like this a lot. It's closed so they have to approve you but they usually do that within a couple of minutes. I requested to join so we shall see! I love the suggestion. I posted it to Austin Craigslist also, but pretty sure that's not going to do a lot of good.  