Any barbers or hairstylists that make housecalls? My husband is 38 and had a stroke last year and was hospitalized for 9 months. He's home now and we are looking for someone that can come to our house maybe once a month or every other month and give him a haircut. He also has a full beard so someone that can trim it up for him would be perfect. I tried help but only found regular barbershops and salons. He can get up into a wheelchair for the cut and trim, but getting to a shop is a hardship for him. Any suggestions? Get a set of clippers and watch YouTube videos maybe? Hair isn't too hard, and beards are easy. I do all my own and having someone else do it would be even easier. Decent clippers can be found for $20ish at Target/CVS and some scissors and a comb and you're set.  https://www.yelp.com/biz/z-mobile-cuts-san-jose-11 We're in San Jose BTW https://www.flowbee.com/ I've cut my boyfriend's hair before and I have zero training.  It's easy to do. Not a barber, but I do my own hair. Like someone else said, get some clippers and watch YouTube videos. It's really not as scary as it seems, although it is daunting at first. What I did when I got started was put the longest attachment on the clipper and practice moving it around the head, then go one degree shorter and shorter until you get to the length you like. The scissors/finger length technique (where you hold locks of hair between two straight fingers and cut along the top of the finger) is surprisingly easy as well, and I'm sure there are videos for that too. If you'd like me to come over and show you how to do it I'd be happy to, just know that I am in no way trained aside from having done my own hair for a couple of years. P.s. I'm a girl with short hair and I trim it every month or so. I have done friends' hair as well with no complaints.  That would be a viable option if I wasn't already bathing, dressing, feeding, and everything else for him. Hiring someone to handle one issue would be a better option for me. I saw this one but it seems to be mobile in that it's a van that comes to You? I doubt it's wheelchair assessible :( NSFW!!! Someone else suggested this as well. Something people don't realize with having a paralyzed spouse, I literally do everything for my husband. I am lucky to get a shower in for myself every day. I bathe, dress, feed, assist with going to the bathroom and literally everything else in life. I don't have the time or the energy to also cut his hair and trim his beard. Especially because I know there are professionals that can do that. I was just hoping to find someone here. But thank you for trying to help. I appreciate it. Totally understood. Good luck!  haha you don't get in his van! :) He cuts your hair in your house. It sounds rough.   