Beacon Hill residents continue to feel they should be exempt from federal ADA law for aesthetic reasons  >"The terrible problem is, we are, if not the most important, certainly one of the most important tourist attractions in this country."

um, what? not even sure it would make the top 5 in boston let alone the country...self absorption is a hell of a drug I live in BH (I am but a lowly renter) and I agree that squabbling over the color/material of the ramps is pretty freaking ridiculous. But what I don't get is how the ramps will make this neighborhood accessible. The sidewalks are a nightmare. If there is any rain or snow we all walk in the street because the sidewalks are so slippery. Even when it's dry, there are so many missing bricks and sections where roots have made the sidewalk really uneven that you find yourself walking in the street anyway. The sidewalks are also incredibly narrow and impossible to use on trash day until everything is picked up. Some of the hills are incredibly steep and I would think only the most in-shape (or brave, if using electric) wheelchair users could roll up them. 

I'm all for the ramps, but it seems like they wouldn't make much of a difference in making the neighborhood truly accessible. 

I will say one thing about the tourists. I agree that it's doubtful (stats show this) that BH is the top tourist destination in the city. But I live near Louisburg Square. We get TONS of tourists here, all year long. They come through this part of the hill pretty steadily, in large and small groups, so it's definitely a draw for a good number of people. 

Having said that, I highly doubt a tourist would even notice what colors the ramps are. They're not generally looking at the ground. &gt;"We're not the South End," one resident retorted.

&gt;Beacon Hill deserves better than the concrete framing that other neighborhoods get with their ramps 

Everything said by the residents of Beacon Hill is the most obnoxious, entitled, rich, NIMBY crap I've ever heard. Let's have all the residents against this go a day in a wheel chair and then see how they feel after trying to navigate Beacon Hill. 

I mean I get that BH is historic and its beauty lies in that... but I'm not seeing how [red ramps](http://c.o0bg.com/rf/image_460w/Boston/2011-2020/2014/02/23/BostonGlobe.com/Metro/Images/aid-side.jpg) are going to be that much of an eye sore... are bricks not red?


It's insane what being stupid rich will do to your mindset. I've never once even *noticed* the ramps on sidewalks, never mind what color they were or how they interacted with the scenery around them. Hopefully I'll have the privilege of being angry about what color the warning ramps on sidewalks will be someday.


Edit: sorry! Forgot to note that picture is NSFBHR I have mixed feelings about this. On the one hand, there's no exception to being ADA compliant. On the other hand, there is something to say about the near unaltered state of Beacon Hill, from the cobblestone to the shutters to the gas lamps. But then again, if John Kerry and his other asshat friends weren't insufferable, we *might* more sympathetic. But then *again*, exactly how many people are going to utilize a handicapped accessible ramp on Beacon Hill? I lived on Beacon Hill for a bit. At the end of the day, how may handicapped people are going to make use of those sidewalk ramps after somehow making it up steep ass Irving Street, to ultimately get to what? Their third floor walk-up? I'd argue it's as much a waste of money as it is "unsightly." Many of the comments seem to focus around folks being in a wheelchair. Please keep in mind there are disabilities other than not being able to walk. She's not wrong, she is just an asshole.   [deleted] They should break a few residents' spines, then see how they feel about the changes.

Or maybe the city should shut off water and electricity to the neighborhood, not allow parking or any amenities that did not exist in the 1700s. You know, for aesthetics.  >Residents, many of whom acknowledged taking a spill or two on the neighborhoods disjointed, if historic, brick sidewalks 

>said the concrete components of the planned ramps would be a blight that could lead to even worse things. 

So, they see how hard it is for able-bodied people, but somehow can't get it into their head that it is much more difficult than that for those who have mobility issues? Blatant ignorance at best here. Similar squabble happened in the rich section of Philadelphia. Lets just say, [the neighborhood got what they wanted.](http://planphilly.com/articles/2013/10/23/streets-department-wraps-up-society-hill-ada-ramps-ends-headache) There were also unforeseen issues that arose during construction which ignited another squabble over brick v. concrete. Again, the neighborhood got what they wanted. I have to admit, the neighborhood does look better with the brick ramps though. 

Just thought I would mention, not trying to compare Boston and Philly.  as much as i agree that the people on Beacon Hill are snobs I think the ADA acts are out of hand. Literally billions in building upgrades and other special amenities to meet the needs of far less than `1% of the population? You mean Beacon Hill isn't as popular as Disney World? Or The Grand Canyon? Or Las Vegas? Or Miami Beach? Or Santa's Village in the middle of nowhere New Hampshire? Or the Freedom Trail? Or the Rocky statue in Philadelphia that people always line up to take pictures with? Or Frank Underwood's Giant Peach? Or The Pyramids? 

Seriously, that's the most obnoxious self absorbed thing I have ever heard.  What does the author of the article want to be true? An obvious tactic: quote some idiot who disagrees with that.

Come on. Yes, the idiot is an idiot, but focusing on that argument as if it's the main and only argument is not really fair.

(To be fair, I don't know what the fuck their argument actually is. I really hope it's not a less-stupid version of that.) I was going to say the same thing - also a Beacon Hill renter. I have an immediate family member in a wheelchair so I am very sympathetic to the ADA requirements and have to do a lot of planning for trips/outings. That said, there is no way to make Beacon Hill ADA compatible without widening the sidewalks and getting rid of the trees and planter boxes that block the majority of the walk. You could use the wheelchair in the street but that isn't ideal either. Finally, nearly every unit in Beacon Hill is a walk-up, with no ramp or way of getting inside. When my family member visited me last we couldn't get into my apartment even though we could get on the sidewalk. 

Bottom line: I agree that we should strive to make our community inviting to EVERYONE. That said, we should focus on smoothing out the roads and re-paving the sidewalks before we go about more drastic measures.  Completely agree. Totally unnavigable even for those of us on our feet. There's really no point to the ramps because that's about as far as people in wheelchairs will get (as well as the rest of us) during the winter anyways. Only solution is to level the hill again.

 Hey fellow BH dweller, we should totally hang out! Those quotes are so over-the-top with the snobby archetype that you could easily mistake the source for The Onion. The idea of someone saying that and not being 100% kidding blows my mind. WOAH! WTF??!?!! NSFW THAT PIC! DISGUSTING! OMG NO this.
 I am glad they find a compromise not to disfigure this beautiful area but come on.  Lack of empathy? Resident of Beacon Hill, here. We're not all as disappointing as this. :/ Unaltered...

Like plumbing and electricity.  And cars. No. It doesn't matter how many people will utilize the ramps on a daily basis. If only one person were to use them a day, that is worth it. Given what these people have to go through by already being handicapped, its such an insult to further make things more difficult for them.  in fairness, these rich pricks' families have probably lived there for like 200 years. I asked my kids if they want to go to Disney next month, but they laughed and said they'd much rather get in a mean afternoon of antiquing and florist-hopping down Charles St. They're probably dreaming about those Artu grilled veggies as I type.    or, more locally, the MFA?  Museum of Science?  North End? Faneuil Hall?  Aquarium? Likewise! Fixed!  Plumbing and electricity have been around for a hundred years and are  safety & sanitation concerns.

If you said DirectTV dishes, I'd agree I agree, but there's also a tipping point. At the top of a steep, narrow hill, with skinny, cobblestone sidewalks are a few streets worth of walk-up apartments... I'm more than sympathetic to the needs of the handicap, however there is nothing wheelchair accessible to *get* to most of these streets, and I don't know of any apartments on my street that didn't have a three stair walk up, or at the very least, a stoop. It seems wasteful. If you're going to do anything, make it accessible to actually *get to* without needing to be pushed uphill or dropped off, and have ramps at the houses to make it actually possible to get *in* somewhere without being carried. Crossing the street is a red herring in the scheme of things in that neighborhood when it comes to being handicap friendly. Hey! I love having walks around the common. What... what was it? Fair enough. Not to mention the natural slope of Beacon Hill is very steep. Way steeper than the average person in a wheelchair is going to be able to handle. Ha a cheesy joke. I didn't change the picture. /u/BaldEagleCheezSammich made a joke about how disgusting the ramp in my original post looked. 

I added that it wasn't safe for Beacon Hill Residents.  