Gotta love living downtown... Got home from work late tonight. Two guys passed out on the rail seats, a crippled bum in a wheelchair sleeping on the sidewalk and two drug dealers trying to do business with them all. I gotta move...  Still better than San Francisco. I'd rather deal with coked out homeless dudes begging for spare change than actually getting mugged; in my 6 years living around the downtown/midtown area, I was safest when I lived right on the border of the third ward.  I've had more muggings and car break-ins happen to me and my friends living in the heart of Midtown versus the third ward.  One of my friends just had her car broken into last night, in the middle of her apartment parking garage. (which is gated and covered by a security guard, supposedly) No shit, at 3am that sounds shady! I live Downtown too, except I would hate to move.  If you have been to any other major cities, you'll know that this is just part of city life.  Go move to the suburbs if it's so disturbing to you.  Otherwise, just move along, and do your own thing.  That's pretty much what all of those folks are doing anyway. Living on the cusp of downtown, I'll happily deal with the appearances of the place while also never having to deal with any crime that affects me. The police presence here is enough that even though people always ask if it's really safe to park their car in my lot, nothing has ever happened to make me think it wasn't. Maybe I've just been lucky. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iz0gBHCHnbY I live in the old sixth ward next to the police station. I see a lot of vagrants walking through my neighborhood but I see twice as many cops driving through.  So what? Offended by the "crippled bum"? Stop complaining and do something to help him. Lived downtown from 2007 until last year. It had its quirks, but overall I loved it. Really nice being at the center of the transit system and being able to walk around the neighborhood easily.  That doesn't sound too bad. hmm, from personal experience it's not too bad when it's in the actual downtown area. but the closer you get to eado, the more shady it gets gotta love this city I like the Montrose area, but I stay in west chase close to my work. 
I may be wrong but downtown seems to lack the M-F hustle and bustle I grew accustomed to in Chicago. The hoards of people coming and going, taxis and bike messengers. I hear there's tunnels?? For people to avoid the hot hot heat of summer? Dont be a wuss Boo hoo Amen brother!

Also.... maybe I haven' looked hard enough but I've not seen anywhere close to the amount of human excrement in **any city** compared to that of San Francisco (downtown or otherwise).

 I stayed in the Tenderlion when I was in SF a week ago, ho boy, that was quite a trip! Ahhh midtown.  I spent a couple of years on Genessee, we actually had a bum move into our building; he broke into my apartment and stole my and my sister's laptops and shit in the stairwell.  Good times.

That and the loud drunks at 2AM on a thursday when I had work the next day were what prompted my move.  Granted I was 22 when I moved into that apartment so no regrets but it's definitely a young man's game over there. Awh, no baby in the corner dealing crack jokes. :P  As long as I'm not propositioned as I smoke I'm usually okay. Agreed. The comment about the crippled bum really seemed like punching down... In my experience the cops just stand around. If the shit hits the fan they'll be around, but they're worthless for the most part. They sometimes hassle me for smoking on the street while the dealers are doing work. Where did you move to? Midtown is way worse than Eado.  Eado has the chronically homeless wandering in to stay at shelters but Midtown has all the insane ex-cons fresh out of their 30 year stint at Huntsville with no money or no place to go. You haven't been to India, my friend. This past summer I stayed at a hotel on the border of Union Square and the Tenderloin - saw a lot of public urination during my stay. I go to New York City a couple times a year, and that one visit to San Francisco highlighted just how cleaned up NYC is these days. Never encountered the dealers in my 7 years living Downtown. What corner is this? Moved in with gf in Montrose. Don't think I'll be able to afford this area much longer, though. I'm looking toward Eastwood or Lindale Park. You are correct sir! Yep, I told everyone that Tenderloin smells like hobo pee and weed. But the Hostelling International there is really nice. [deleted] so. much. street. poop. Ahh, walk past there all the time. There's always a lot of people hanging around since the convenience store is right there. Never seen anyone offering drugs, though. It blows my mind.  I've been to every continent minus Antartica (came close though) and still haven't come across as much human poop right out in the open (not even off on the side) as I have seen in SF proper.

If India beats it, then I simply lack the imagination to go further! A good drug dealer is quite subtle. 