I'm in a wheelchair & I need you help, fellow Angelenos! First of all, thanks for taking the time to read. 

I was recently in a bad scooter vs. car accident. (tl,dr - Someone cut me off. I have a lot of broken bones below the waist.) The result: I'm stuck in a wheelchair for 4-6 weeks. The problem is, my current apartment is not wheelchair accessible. That's where I need help. I've been hunting everywhere and can't find anything.

I need to find a wheelchair accessible apartment that's cat friendly by the end of the month. And my price range is up to $1250. 

If you can help in any way (good places to look, you have an apartment that might work, etc.), please PM me. I've witnessed reddit do some amazing things for other people, so I figured I might as well give this a shot.

Thanks. Hey there, I'm no help when it comes to your original question, but found your post b/c I was curious as to why you were laid up after seeing the picture of your cat on /r/aww. Just wanted to send you some internet love for a situation that really sucks. I was in a bad scooter accident last year that put me on crutches for 6 weeks. Luckily I didn't have to use a wheelchair, b/c my place isn't accessible either. Anyways, it sucks having your mobility taken away. It sounds like you've got good people around to help you out, but if it hits you in the way it hit me (I got super down, even though I was still able to Skype with my regular therapist) feel free to PM me for someone to talk to about it. Otherwise, heal fast and well!! Scoot4lyfe ;) Under the ADA, your landlord is required to make your apartment handicap accessible or to pay for your moving/relocation costs, iirc. Just a thought, would your insurance or a potential legal settlement cover the costs of hotel/ extended stay/ something else for that length of time? Getting any apartment in LA that quickly and only really needing it for a month is a tough one.  Wish you the best of luck! I live in the valley and our apartment building is wheel chair accessable. Tarzana it has 2 bedroom apartments and studios and studios w lofts. We pay $1275 for our studio w loft. Right off the freeway (literally) easy access to grocery stores and various shops. PM me for more details.  What area of town? I'll keep a look out. I would think that there would have to be some kind of handicap haven seeing as how strict regulations are on businesses and the like. Best of luck! Sorry that happened man, I've been there (5 months disability). Are you covered by insurance? http://www.vrbo.com/3853729ha#rates

Quick search turned up this result.  Pet friendly and Handicap friendly.  Its a little out of your price range (1700/Month) but it looks like you can move in soon.  

Good luck!  A bit on a tangent, but feel free to trow a post at /r/letsridetogether/ if you are using public transport and need help to navigate on it. It is very, very small, but the people that is on it is newly subscribed, and it is plausible that someone can give you a hand if needed.

Good luck, and speedy recovery! Wow. I really appreciate you reaching out. I started the whole thing in a very positive place. The very first thing I thought as I laid there in the street after the crash was, "Can you move your toes?" I could, so even though I was writhing and moaning in pain, I knew I'd be able to walk again eventually. That, I think, has helped me stay mostly positive throughout.

Since the wreck, I've of course hit some lows. The lowest thanks to terrible nursing in one of the 4 hospitals I went to. In fact, I think that moment was the lowest/darkest place I've ever been mentally. Now that I'm home and have experienced such overwhelming support from family, friends, and total strangers such as yourself, I'm doing well. I also created a new mantra for myself a week ago. "You almost died. Don't get mad". (¡UADDGM!) It's really helped me stay calm and happy in the face of the various frustrations, depressed moments, etc. that are bound to creep up in situations like ours. The mantra also has some added weight for me (especially the UAD part) because, no exaggeration, this is the 4th time I've come very close to dying.

Wow (again). I just planned on typing a quick "thank you", and ended up unloading a bit. So thanks again. I really appreciate it. I have people to talk to but it's nice having another. Cheers! And happy 2015! I think you will find this only applies to permanent or long term disabilities. Not sure on the laws there, but a while ago I'd done something similar and was in a wheelchair for ~3 months, but under Australian law it has to be for at least 12 months to qualify you as disabled and thus those laws to be applicable to you. Please pm me details too. I was looking at Tarzana Springs in that same price range. Thanks!!! I work in Studio City my SO/roommate works in Culver City. Somewhere relatively convenient for both is ideal. But at this point, we're entertaining all options. Thanks. 
Not for housing related costs. But I did have decent insurance otherwise.

Best of luck with your recovery. Looks cool. Thanks for the heads up. Just be really careful not to get addicted to those pills.  Did you ask your doctor what condition and also if there is a place to get therapy for your depression and your insurance can cover that would be great.   Hey! So is it wheelchair accessable, but if you park inside then you would have to go around a gate (not too annoying.)  - but otherwise doable. Unsure of the availability but hopefully you can get lucky! Parkwood Apartments - landlord seems pretty cool (can't remember his name.) Lemme know if it works out for you :)  One other question: do you only want the apt for 2 months? Or a longer term? I'll send out an email to my office to see if anyone knows of anything. Have you tried Westside Rentals? The "don't get addicted" advice may seem silly but u/redmustang04 is spot-on there. A friend of mine broke his elbow and was put on Vicodin for the after-surgery pain. Within a few weeks he had to ask his doctor for a different pain medication because he felt himself wanting them even when he wasn't in pain. You don't have to have some sort of predisposition or genetic tendency for addiction for medication abuse to happen. Just be careful and be aware of how you're feeling. We internet peeps care for you and your safety.  Thank you very, very much. For a longer term. I want to be walking in and out of the place too! Thank you. I'd greatly appreciate that. 