Can someone please explain to me why a bus driver will sit through a cycle at a red light for someone clearly running to catch them from a block away, but I sprint across the rails to swipe my pass and the lightrail mockingly shuts its doors when I turn to get on?! The train schedule isn't exactly rigid. I've seen the ETA change from 5 to 8 minutes more than once. 

The trains have infinitely few lights to stop for than a bus. Trains don't have to extend lifts for wheelchairs or let people take their bikes off the front or deal with tourists getting on just to ask where they need to go.

 Yet a bus can use human discretion to delay a mere fifteen seconds to let another person on, and the trains will watch a person bang on the button and refuse to open the door (even though the train is stuck at the platform behind a red light) and not let them on. 

Is this a policy to intentionally screw people over or just something that demons in hell do to make hell worse? Light operator here!  Unfortunately we can’t wait.  The signals we have are timed, meaning when we pull into a station, we have a stop, we open the doors for 10 seconds, then close them.  Right as we close them, we get a clear signal, a green.  And the signals are timed, so they’ll drop on us(change to a stop) if we wait too long.  Kind of a bummer, but it keeps the trains moving.  

Side note: there is someone running for a train at nearly every station, if we waited for everyone, the trains would not run on time.  Also it’s not fair to the people that showed up to the station on time 😬 I think the biggest reason is that if they started waiting, more people would feel inclined to try running across the tracks, which is really dangerous.  Especially dangerous when there are two sets of tracks because people might not think to look both ways. The train operator's top objective is to make sure no one gets run over.  Then besides the safety issues, the train has a higher expectation of timeliness, and also serves more passengers at once.  Waiting 10 seconds for you really adds up if you have 100 passengers.  The short of it is that it is responsible of them to give zero leeway.  Buses have to negotiate with traffic so they are given extra time to make their routes - sometimes they get ahead of schedule and wait through a cycle even when no one is there.  Another thing is that train operators probably feel less socially connected to the people, because they work in a closed room in the front car and don't talk with people at all in doing their job.  They probably never would get thanked for waiting. Who cares? Trains are high frequency. Catch the next one. The train schedule is more important than you are, OP.  Bus drivers see the same people daily.  Train sees no one as the driver is in an isolated area.  More personal on buses?  Train can make it's stops easier due to no traffic while buses have a +/- buffer. I've got your answer! One is a BUS the other is a TRAIN.  Maybe the trains run on tighter schedules. Or it could just be that some people are assholes. OP get back on your meds. Mom is worried.  I wish they would be more consistent with their stops.

Right now it's not terrible. But if they get to a stop 2 minutes early why not stick around a bit. Why keep running the route early. Is that why sometimes the train doors close and then the train doesn't move for what seems like a good minute?
 To that point why are bus drivers given those few seconds leeway and train driver aren't?! I have been stuck at a stop for literally eight minutes so the cops can roustabout the people sleeping on the train (also making me late) but the same train can't allow the doors to open for three more seconds?! If there are so many rules and regulations that remove the human element, then why hire humans and not make the cars self motivating? I can understand a robot not letting me on, what makes a human looking me in the eye and leaving me behind a a benefit? I disagree, everybody, myself included runs across the tracks hoping to catch the train. I think that what ever is motivating a person to run to the train, be it work or an appointment, is going to get them to try and catch it. If they were really worried about people crossing the tracks there would be more warnings and rails, not that there aren't any, just more.

I do agree that the operators are less about the people getting on and more about running on time. Knowing that they can screw someone over and then are immediately speeding away probably give them a sense that you missing their train isn't their problem. *BUT MUH INJUSTICE!* Do if a train arrives based on a different clock than your phone's, you're the asshole for making sure your dog has food for the day because your phone says 6:17? Does your boss tolerate a quick train if you show up at 9:07?! Or 5:04 and has employees standing in an alley questioning the five minute rule young kids fantasize about and leave because you're stuck three stops back and you now have to open because you're the manager and have three staff fuck off Not the point of public transportation asshat. It's about getting people to work to benefit the city jack hole Are you justifing inhumanity,... like the Nazis did; or saying they should be more flexible? Nope, you missed the point Do you think planes should be held for a half an hour because some idiot swiped his ticket but takes his sweet fucking time to find the gate while you are sitting in your aisle seat waiting to get home and can't leave because the pilot gives some bullshit lie about maintenance to pacify passengers while Jethro argues to let his whiskey bottle through customs? I countes one day and the trains are paused at each stop for literally less than twenty seconds. Even if they add five seconds per stop, that would put the train less than two minutes off schedule from beginning to end. I took you advice and I'm ready to get back on the racing horse level of Viagra she insisted I take for the epic two day anal sex she needed and requested of me. I tired to stop fucking that dragon, but if that's what you want; I'll get back in line. I hope that rugby team will give me backsies. Because some asshole will run in front of it on the tracks and bang on the goddamn doors because they can't plan accordingly... That’s probably from when someone holds the door, that adds an additional 20 seconds.   Your dog can wait the 5-10 minutes for the next train. I know in dog world that is an eternity but in people world it is just fine. Join people world, please. I am freelance. My boss (me) doesn't care since a lot of the boring parts of my job can be done via smartphone waiting and on the train. I suppose I could do all my work on the phone but have you ever tried to code on a phone?  I'd rather step in front of a train than do any of that.

Though if we are being honest... as freelance, my bosses are actually my clients and as such it wouldn't matter if any of them tolerate being late because I don't ever want to find out by putting myself in that situation... thus if I HAVE to be someplace, I plan ahead to be there early. Yeah, in the most efficient way possible that benefits the greatest number of people. Which doesn't include waiting for slowpokes. 

Try sucking less. Nah you did. A bus weighs about 23,000 lbs. A smallish locomotive weighs about 299,000 lbs. Trains don't stop on a dime and typically its hauling 4 passenger cars along with it. A bus can stop way easier which is what they do when someone is waving them down. Derrrrrr.... I mean, if you're at the platform prior to the train arriving, it doesn't take more than twenty seconds for all passengers to disembark and all new passengers to board. It's part of the reason trains are much more efficient than buses, they have a much faster load time.

Try riding a train when people keep showing up right before it's supposed to depart, and every person who gets on delays it ten seconds or more.

Then multiply that by several stations, and suddenly you understand why "The train schedule isn't exactly rigid. I've seen the ETA change from 5 to 8 minutes more than once." Aww shit your advice worked but there are three other guys who also want to jam their dicks up her ass. We told them to wait but she insisted the bridge could take it (the bridge is what she calls her rectum) and the smart guy who usually cleans up did the math and gordian knotted us to all be in her ass at the same time. Honestly it felt like how the end of interstellar was and TARS was the the last guy who knew joining would rip her ass open like the time-space continuum but kept telling us how close we were to harnessing zero-point energy. "Who needs public transit?!!" I yelled as we birth the cosmic energies inside your mom's exit Chunnel! 

In like two more hours I think the boys and me will finally solve the energy crisis. Yet a bus will stop for that asshole and delay all those people on that route. Are bus users lesser people? That's maybe once a week, fake news, you Russian bot. Bet you're happy the line to swipe your Togo card is shorter than the cabbage line Does dog world involve other people who have to wait in the dark, cold and often wet mornings for a supervisor to use a key to let them inside? Is dog world a place where everyone love planning their morning to get to an early morning shift but be forced to stand under a tree and only get 50% wet while you wait for the guy who has the hey but will be at a minimum 8 minutes late because the train conductor has less control than a robot? Wow what a unique and uncommon job situation you have. It's so uncommon that it seems strange that you would even offer your situation because a lot of other people depend on public transportation and would be fired if it fell through enough times. Congrats on the white privilege and future advantages you'll get regardless for the next two years until the economy collapses How efficient can you be at 4:45 am?.... Maybe naunce helps more people working shitty morning jobs.... you entitled fuckard So you think three extra seconds is a firable offense? Cuz to three seconds turns into an extra seven minutes very easily. And seven minutes gets people fires So karmacally you would prefer your dog escaping your yard and being killed by a car and being obliterated rather than a train pausing for a few more seconds because a selfless person helped your pup back to your gate and you exchange nods? Unknown to anyone, I bought my ideal taco Bell lunch. Heard the bells! RAN to catch the train. Reached it before it left and pushed the button five times ( probably an additional five seconds) and it left without me. Went from eating a birthday gordita cruch on my swift way home to adding an extra packet of hot sauce for the added sensation People world is where you don't cut your schedule so close that missing a train by seconds makes you suffer. >lot of other people depend on public transportation and would be fired if it fell through enough times

Then leave 10 minutes earlier if you only ride train, half hour or more if you need to use bus (to catch earlier bus).  

I am now convinced you are just trolling so goodnight, sir. >And seven minutes gets people fires

So plan on being to work 14 minutes early and then you won't be late if you miss a train.  Hahaha you are saltier than a medieval ham  Again small brain, the world treats bus people different from train people and that is ENTIRELY MY POINT. Why is one given latitude and the other none. I want both public transportation users to be given the same consideration! E-fucking-quality How does leaving 10 minutes early and then realizing you forgot to lock your door and take an extra seven seconds benefit society more than the train pausing and your home not being ransacked?! Because being at a train at 4 Aam is an ocean's length from being at a train at 4:20. Your white privilege that you don't understand that make my white fist want to rotate your face. 10 minutes means more to some than others.  Ahh yes, I watched Intersteller last night. Ten minutes in /u/IPeedOnTrumpAMA's world is a decade in /u/SerWadeDayne's world.  Is that because you enjoy how weed effects your tarded sense of time? Also you'll never get the time back you wasted watching interstellar. Seems like a wash considering how much you vest in movie people telling you how cosmic forces work. 