Can Minnesota Get Dockless Bikesharing to Play Nice?  When I was in Sacramento they seemed to have a system that worked, the bikes had a built in lock they would lock up on regular racks as a normal bike would. This kept them out of people's way but still allowed them to function dockless.

Edit: news report on said bikes. Guess they are electric too. 

https://www.abc10.com/mobile/video/entertainment/television/programs/morning-blend/are-jump-bikes-worth-the-rental/103-8147077 I for one like this. This is a good idea.   I saw dockless in St Louis and I liked it better than I would have thought.    And this is an improvement on that. If it's goes anything like the e-scooters is going to get obnoxious pretty quickly.  I don't know how many times in the last few weeks I've had to move a scooter out of my path because it was blocking a sidewalk and I couldn't get my jogger around it. If one is on a wheelchair these kinds of obstructions can be really debilitating. I think people, in general, underestimate how important "permissionless innovation" is for having a city and society that is in the progressive vanguard.

Everyone has an opinion about how some proposal will be \[amazing/awful\] when it's first announced but without skin in the game these opinions should mean next to nothing before we actually observe the effects. I saw a guy yesterday downtown Robbinsdale riding a NiceRide bike.  It seemed a little far from the docking stations. Help me out here.  Why not just get your own bike?  Isn't constantly renting bikes more expensive if you bike regularly?   The article says there are going to be designated parking spots for these bikes, so people won't be able to leave them in the middle of trails & sidewalks. Yeah, a whole bicycle is a lot harder to move than those little scooters.  > If one is on a wheelchair these kinds of obstructions can be really debilitating.

I imagine one of these scooters would be great at powering a wheelchair. Anyone in a wheelchair confirm?  "Permissionless innovation"  another word for a fucking free-for-all.   You can get a seasonal pass for like $75 for unlimited rides. It's convenient if you want to take the bus to work and bike home. Or run errands over lunch. Or if you just don't want to worry about getting your bike stolen. I subscribe to the unlimited rides pass, and I use these bikes mostly to run errands during lunch. It's also great for times where I hadn't planned on riding a bike, but there's the bike and I've got some time so why not.

Lastly, twice I've had some dipshit lock their bike to my brake cables when I had mine locked up already. I had to wait for their oblivious ass to get back in order to get my bike free. I ended up just taking the Nice Ride bike to work every day instead of using my own bike, because screw that crap. I see mostly tourists on them.  I think it is great that more people are enjoying our parks and the outdoors in general. What’s the difference between that and how it works now? The current Nice Ride racks are already their designated parking spots.  What will stop them from doing so? It's called permissionless *innovation* not permissionless action.  

Also it's different from *absolute* permissionless innovation.

Action does have a role in innovation but to require permission before ideas can be tried has a very, very high cost.

Isn't "all having free" a decent north star to navigate by? Can you share the pass?   Much cheaper so they can have a lot more bikes and “stations”. They are gonna try to quadruple the amount of bikes over the next few years. If they don't return the bike to a dockless hub they will keep getting fees until they do. 