My Stephen Hawking story Once upon a time, when the world was new and dinosaurs still roamed the landscape, I read Stephen Hawking's "A Brief History of Time" and was utterly enthralled.  I had always been fascinated by black holes since dad had taken me to see Disney's "The Black Hole" as a kid.  Hawking's book came along right at the time I was about to graduate high school, and so I had to figure out what I was going to do.  I decided I wanted to be a physicist and study black holes.  And so I did.

While I was in grad school, a famous physicist named Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar passed.  The physics community celebrates people's lives with a small physics symposium (watch out ladies, some men just can't be tamed...) where other physicists speak, nominally about their own research, but usually stuff that relates to the deceased.   And word 'round the campfire was Stephen Hawking would be there.

So me and 5 other starving grad students hop in a rental car and take shifts driving from NC to Chicago.  And the symposium was one of those things I'll never forget.  There are Big Names in the theoretical physics community that are mostly unknown to outsiders.  For a brief moment, I got to hobnob with luminaries like Kip Thorne, Roger Penrose, Saul Tekolsky, Robert Wald, James Hartle, Gerard 't Hooft.  And Stephen Hawking.

If you've seen Hawking on Futurama, well, it really was like that.  He rolled into the room, very much like Christopher Pike in the old Star Trek episode, and then start talking with his "Speak and Spell" voice.  Listening to Hawking speak a phrase or sentence in that voice is fine.   Listening to an entire speech in that voice is mentally exhausting, because he can't really slow it down or add the pauses that makes human speech easier to digest.

After his speech, there was an intermission, and we all went out to use the bathroom, eat, etc.  I slurped a drink out of the fountain, turned around to go back so I didn't lose my seat, and there was Hawking, all of 5 feet away from me.  His nurse was busy adjusting various things on his wheelchair, and he was sitting rather inert, staring at me while I was staring at him.

I was at a loss of words.  I wanted to thank him, tell him I was there because of reading his book.  But I didn't, because he's not exactly the best conversationalist.  Other than his speech and some canned responses, he can't really say or do much at all.  And for my part, I had that "deer in headlights" look, because I was looking at Stephen Mother Fucking Hawking, and life doesn't prepare you to deal with things like that.

So I spent probably 20 minutes alternating between staring at him, and trying to lean against the wall and act cool and not squealing like a 16-year old girl who just met Justin Timberlake.  For his part, Hawking just sat there, blinking and breathing.  I kept trying to find a way to walk up to him and say "Hi", completely overlooking the obvious solution of just, you know, walking up to him and saying "Hi".  And then when the nurse had finished fiddling, she pushed him back into the auditorium and he was gone.

Stephen Hawking wasn't "the next Einstein" to physicists.   Einstein made major contributions in several areas of physics.  Feynman before he died, or Ed Witten or Erik Verlinde or Nima Arkani-Hamed today, probably have a better claim to that title.  

Stephen Hawking was closer to being "the next Carl Sagan".  He was a talented physicist, but his greatest skill was breaking down the hellishly complex mathematics of theoretical physics into something a 13 year old geek like me could grok and be inspired by.

But Stephen Hawking's biggest accomplishment was simply spitting in death's eye for 50 years, and not letting it stop him from chasing his dreams.  Every one of us come with an expiration date.  Fifty years ago, he thought his date was just 2 years away.  If a guy trapped immobile in a wheelchair with ALS can accomplish all he did, what excuse do we able-bodied folks have? This is a way better story than the time I literally walked into Robert Plant when exiting the bathroom at the Ryman and could barely muster out a "Pardon me". That fucker is tall as shit too.  I, for one, am thankful for this kind of content.

People get too caught up in "is this Nashville related" and forget about the community aspect of reddit. Of course it is related, he is a Nashvillian creating a self-post in /r/nashville. 

Berate tourists with the sidebar if that gets you going, but can we at least be inclusive to the people definitively in our community? When I was a kid at the old timer's parade in dickson, I met Buford Pusser. He was a huge guy that hit bad people with a 2x4.  Awesome. Thank you for sharing. Where am I?  I once ran into Hawking in a Broadway bar on the mechanical bull That's awesome. A flip on the common Nashville "I saw/met such and such on the street." I've always had a fascination with physics and the cosmos, but it's always just been a passing awe, and nothing I've really delved into.  

Did you really not say anything to him? I can appreciate this story. Physics is a small universe, and the community really cares about each other. I'm a little sad I left the field sometimes, especially on days like today. 

My dumb celebrity near-encounter: I saw Tim Gunn outside of Westminster in London and instead of doing anything rational I started hitting my friends arm, mouth agape, not saying anything. After he asked why I was silently assaulting him for no discernible reason, I managed to choke out that I saw someone famous, and he pointed out that the hand I wasn't hitting him with was holding a camera...I got a shot, but I almost missed it because I'm just that dumb. I mean its cool you met your "hero" and all but you know the earf is only 6 thousand years old right? /s

Ha, I can't help but poke fun at the righteous.  

I had a question for StarTalk with Neil Tyson Degrassi and I believe it was answered on the Stephen Hawking episode that just aired. Great episode celebrating Stephen Hawkings life. 

I'll copypasta my experience i posted in a group I'm in. 

"I do have a cool podcast type story id like to share with you though.

About a month ago I was watching Star Trek Discovery and the crew kept using terms like "Yesterday" and "6 months ago" and basically referencing time from an earth measure of time. Yet this crew was light years away and dealing with other alien beings from different planets that would have their own measure of time. And it had me wondering why would a term like "yesterday" have any meaning in deep space.

Let's say you have 3 different races of people from 3 different planets from 3 different solar systems and they all had to meet up at a time and place somewhere in deep space. What metric would they use for timing? A pulsar? The decay of uranium? What would be a universal metric for time?

I wrote Star Talk Neil Tyson Degrassi a 3 paragraph email about these questions and hit send. I have been watching Star Talk to see if they would answer my question. Well, I believe they did, but,,,,, I believe they dumbed down the question and made up a name because they couldn't directly quote my 3 paragraph question in the allotted time.

Here is the episode cued up to the question and answer. And by the way R.I.P. Stephen Hawking.

https://youtu.be/TdjAJeUy0zM?t=22m08s The hell does any of this have to do with Nashville? I get it, one of our greatest science homies passed away... but doesn't this wall of text belong in a different sub?  My wife has a friend who hung out with Plant at a bar every day for like 2-3 months and had no idea. It wasn’t until Allison Krause came to hang out with him one time that she realized who he was. She was like “oh my god, that’s Allison Krause” to him.  I think I've told this story here before—something makes me think it might have been in response to your Ryman story—but I saw Robert Plant at Harris Teeter on 21st Ave (now Kroger).

We were walking out of the store, and this guy is walking in—I wasn't paying much attention. My wife says, "That's Robert Plant." We were already outside by this point, but I looked at her with a shocked expression, did a 180, and marched back into the store. I had to know for myself. 

So I'm back inside, and I don't see him. I start looking through the isles. *What am I going to say to him?* I wonder. 

Just then—in the cereal isle—I see him. The Golden God. The long flowing blonde locks. We're the only two people in the isle. I start marching towards him, awestruck, and our eyes meet. My soul is paralyzed. 

...and I just walked by him, and then out the front door. Didn't say anything to him. But that was all I needed.  Had a similar experience when I held a door open for someone exiting a building behind me and it turned out to be Victor Wooten. I never get star struck (working in the music business makes that go away very quickly) but the surprise of seeing him there just made me freeze up. Same thing when I saw Andrew WK buying batteries at Radio Shack once. That was weird.  Many, many years ago, when I worked in a diner, I cleared Robert Plant's table.

Kept the coffee cup that he used, too. Troof Only if they've been here since the flood or longer and they like all the same things I do. When I was a kid I got to meet Jim Varney (ie, Ernest P Worrell) at the local grocery store when he was doing Purity Dairies commercials.  I wish I could have met him again as an adult, he seemed like a decent, friendly guy to a kid.   One of these days, I will find where my mom stuck my Jim Varney autograph, and it will hang proudly on my wall. Welcome to the interwebs I had beers with him on a pedal tavern.  I'm ashamed to say, no, I didn't.  He literally couldn't say anything other than a pre-canned response due to his condition, and I was way too hyper/anxious to say much coherent.  I didn't want to stare at him like a potted fern, so I tried acting cool.  And trust me, 20 year old MetricT played cool about as effectively as Urkel on tweak.

And yeah, I love physics and cosmology.   It takes a lot of hyper-advanced mathematics to do, but not to appreciate.   The great teachers, like Feynman, Sagan, and Hawking did a great job of breaking down these complex ideas and making them understandable. It's Stephen Hawking. I'll allow it.

 “Ma!  The bad man forced me to read something against my will.  No ma, there was no way I could have possibly avoided reading it or just gone on with my day.  No, he forced me to read it, and so I was forced to reply.” This sounds like me when I had to go to CMA parties. I have no clue who the artists are unless I dealt with them and couldn't care less, so I would always wind up talking baseball or football for an hour with a guy who happens to have the #1 record or some shit.  My brother's only celebrity encounter where he acted like a stupid fangirl was Victor Wooten! He was like his idol and he said all he could muster out was a "You're great!" Victor looked back at him, casually said "Thanks, man," then walked away. I think I met him when I was working at a truck stop as a teen. I had just got done swabbing the toilets when Varney came in and said something like "sorry to mess up your work" or something funny. I think it was just before his milk commercials got him big exposure.  that was his chair you fucking drunk! I was genuinely asking why this was posted here. You could've said "I once ran into Hawking in a Broadway bar on the mechanical bull so I wanted to share this other experience!" and I would've shrugged it off and been like "Oh okay, cool" but nothing involves anywhere around here. You roadtripped from outside of TN to outside of TN to go see hawking. Cool story bro.  [deleted] I'll just sit here and wait for the next "I'm visiting next week, wat do?" Post at least it'll be relevant to the sub. Glad your up to date on mr.t's life.  If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart. 