To the man who yelled “I hope you get run over!” to the girl wearing a helmet, following traffic rules on a scooter.  I bike commute daily and this pretty much sums up my life, too Lol! Walk it on the crosswalk? Never fucking happens.

I've seen them jump them off curbs into crosswalks. I've seen them ridden into the crosswalk on a red light.

Ride in the street. Ignore the idiots yelling at you. If you can't handle it or are scared, don't ride a scooter. Today I rode a Bird scooter over to Cleveland Street and Mcferrin in East Nashville. Cleveland is the street that was supposed to get a bike lane during repaving, but the idea was blocked by Councilman Davis. 

I rode on the street in the right lane, obeying all traffic rules and wearing a helmet. A guy going the opposite direction yelled “Get out of the street! I hope you get run over!”

#hatersgonnahate #scootersgonnascoot I miss that show. Junior was a talented idiot and Senior was adorably psychotic. They made TV magic.

...why is it popping up as a meme all of a sudden?
 I saw someone do this for the first time yesterday. Two people with name tag lanyards near the convention center Reach out to the corpse of Bart Durham, you have a colorable claim of emotional distress.   Plot twist - Councilman Davis admits that he yelled at you, but claims temporary insanity brought on by encountering a Bird driver  wearing a helmet and following traffic rules.   i just want to say thank you for actually wearing a helmet. i get kind of pissy about the 99% of people who ride scooters without helmets. but i get it - i felt the same way - until i had a serious bike crash without a helmet. you always think it will never happen to you, until it does. Riding a scooter in a theoretical bike lane on Cleveland street sounds just about as dangerous as riding in the new real bikelanes on Riverside.

It’s borderline assisted suicide.  We are more interested in the emotional and physical distress for folks who are inconvenienced to walk around them in the middle of sidewalks. I thought the problem with parking on the sidewalk is wheelchairs (though good luck navigating some nashville sidewalks in a wheelchair anyways) no...its the scooters that are the only issue...otherwise our sidewalks are perfectly wide, smooth, clean, and completely clear/s 