Hiking trails or parks that are handicap friendly? I grew up in Middle Tennessee and never thought about noticing this until my issue got worse. I have to walk with a cane and usually need to rest every 200 or so feet. My friend is in a wheelchair. I probably need a chair I just don't want to come to terms with that yet. I miss nature though and have visited most parks in the Middle Tennessee area at some point in my life.  Unrelated but OP you should really make the move to the chair if you're on the fence but think you need it. I used forearm crutches from 4-18 years old before surgeries pushed me to a chair. My joints have never been happier since I switched. Beaman Park in NW Nashville has a Boardwalk Trail near the Nature Center that is a beautiful, wheelchair accessible trail. It's short at only 1/4 mile, but I've seen people go back and do it multiple times. You can also try the first 1/4 mile of the Sedge Hill trail near the Nature Center. It's not officially accessible but it is flat with packed gravel. Both trails have benches for resting too. I bet some sections of Nashville's greenway system would fit the requirements as well. Let me know if you need any more help and I can research it for you. Good luck! Stone Door has a paved trail for the first quarter/half mile to the big overlook Pick up a greenway map from any public library. There are paved trails throughout the area. Shelby Park has some (that even connect over to Two Rivers) - this is probably the best for longer accessible treks, as there is even a pedestrian bridge over the river (if you can go distance, that is). It terminates at Stones River Park on the other side. 

There is the greenway from Warner Park to Harding Road (can go farther, but there is a big hill). There is the downtown greenway that goes all the way through Metro Center for about 3 miles. McCabe has a nice loop around the golf course, with some boardwalked sections (you can park near the golf course or near White Bridge Pike. I think Harland Park and Peeler Park (east side of town on the river) are both paved, but you would have to check. Mix of nature and not.

Fort Negley is overall accessible, including boardwalks inside the fort. You can walk all the way around Centennial park with accessible paths. Both are decent short walks, depending on what you like.

If you want more Nature, Radnor lake has the road, which is closed for cars. There is also Deerwood Arboretum nearby in the Belle Rive subdivision (flat overall and paved). I second Beaman park, although the accessible areas are fairly short (nice nature walk, however). There are quite a few paved trails near the Brentwood Library off Concord, including the long trail from Concord park to Crockett park (along the Little Harpeth).

On the west side, there is also a trail that loops around behind the Lowes and Walmart on Charlotte. It is paved until near the end (homeless city down there last time I went down). 

For Franklin, there are some paved trails in Pinkerton Park (fitness trail), as well as Jim Warren City Park on the west side. Neither scream nature, however. Winstead Hill is a bit better, but a bit more work, as it is not as flat as some I have mentioned. Timberland (mentioned already - off the trace near 96) has a short accessible trail that is in nature (a bit shorter than Beaman, which I would prefer of the two).

If you are willing to head out to Lebanon, the Couchville Lake Trail in Longhollow park is paved (about 2 mile loop) and very easy.

In Murfreesboro, the greenways are fairly flat and skirt the river. There are also some paved trails in Stones River National Battlefield.

If you are willing to pay for entrance, Cheekwood is fairly accessible, although there are some hills. 

Farther out: Clarksville has a nice River walk, which is accessible, as does Chattanooga. And Columbia has Riverwalk park (and Asgard microbrewery is just across the river, which is a bonus in my book).

Hope that gives you a big enough list. I went to the Murfreesboro Greenway a couple weeks ago, it seemed like most of it was paved. Of course I don't know if that guarantees it is accessible, just might be worth looking into.

http://www.murfreesborotn.gov/DocumentCenter/View/264 id stick to the green ways, they're paved. Maybe get one of these [doodads](https://jet.com/product/detail/cf525b4c2dd14a1c80bfe3e333e6cf23?jcmp=pla:ggl:NJ_dur_Gen_Health_Beauty_a1:Health_Beauty_Medical_Supplies_Equipment_Mobility_Aids_Equipment_a1:na:PLA_786070200_37816622621_pla-310485143751:na:na:na:2&code=PLA15&pid=kenshoo_int&c=786070200&is_retargeting=true&clickid=7c737ac5-a704-4389-802a-25b222d707ca&gclid=Cj0KEQjwy4zLBRCOg6-4h6vs3cUBEiQAN-yzfrzR6Sl12XF0Tt-lmooiWJeYq69H3CCYUGLYfEeqRCIaAn0M8P8HAQ)? That way it'll help with balance and you've carrying your chair and a few small things with you if you need to sit for a minute. Plenty of green on the Stones River greenway, it's basically like walking in a park.  Lots of areas to rest, but not every 200 feet.  However, it's paved. Thanks...I am stubborn and in denial but coming to terms with my limitations. I have yet to use the motorized shopping carts so making a move to a chair will take some thought. Took my son to Beaman last weekend and its such a hidden treasure. That river walk was perfect for him to play in. Thanks for you time, I will check into these. Some great recommendations here. I second both Radnor Lake and Couchville Lake trails. Just an FYI, Couchville Lake is at Long Hunter State Park off of the Mt. Juliet exit.  Thanks but, familiar with already it is paved, hate to say not enough close resting benches. I was also hopin to find someplace further away.
 That is a neat idea. I will look into that Depending on your disability you can probably stay in a chair and push a cart, I do it all the time. Until I found a wife to do that! DM me if you have any questions :) Radnor is even better if you can loop it, but some of the trails there are quite brutal (definitely not ADA). It is a nice hike down the road, however. Couchville is a beautiful long loop, if one can take a 2+ mile hike. 