Able bodied Nashville pizza joint owner regularly parks in the only handicapped parking spot in the entire parking lot...in front of someone in a wheelchair  This was tweeted by MafiaoZas to some customers that send out messages on twitter. 

As the owners of MAFIAoZA'S, we sincerely apologize for the person parking in the handicapped spot in front of our restaurant. In addition, we were out of town this past Tuesday so we are looking into who exactly it was that the officer identified. For almost ten years, the restaurant has experienced a wonderful relationship with its patrons and neighbors and this is the first incident of this nature that has ever been brought to our attention. We will make sure this does not happen again as we respectfully and emphatically understand the needs of our ADA customers. If the space doesn't have a wall or pole-mounted sign (in addition to the pavement marking), it's not up to ADA code anyway. Unfortunately, the only way I've seen this enforced is by requiring the owner to bring the building and parking lot up to code in the event of any new construction/improvements. Mafiaozas sucks anyway. Everyone I've ever met who works there has been incredibly rude I always thought their food was overrated, and certainly not worth the wait or the rude service. The cause of this behavior is the tenant's improper venue choice for the business. People with wholly functioning legs have a difficult time parking their vehicles in a safe manner as well. Is willingness to infringe on others rights is also indicative of the experience when visiting this establishment.

Tis unfortunate, there are several items I have enjoyed in the past. However, virtually nothing is fresh there. Sit at the kitchen bar tops if you want to watch - your food comes from a pre-made drawer. Lord help if you order a single slice... I understand the view of one person, but I know the real owner of Mafioza's, like family he is so close to me. This is such a poor representation of him. He is one of the nicest people I know, when my mom was in the hospital he put me up in his house and did constant good service things for me. He took care of my grandmother when she needed help. I just think people need to know him better before you call him an asshole/jackass. I can't speak on the food because everyone has their own opinion, but I would like to hear both sides of the story first.  totally guessed Mafioza's before reading the post...nailed it. I used to live next door to the owner...this behavior is not surprising.  He is not the property owner, simply a tenant. there are other places to go for good pizza in this town I ate there exactly once when the place first opened. I lived within walking distance. The service was horrible, the food average and the prices at the time were way above average for that neighborhood. 

Haven't been back since.  So, does anyone know where this is? I want to make sure I never spend a penny there.   
EDIT: Ahh, cute. The pseudonym is not really a pseududonym.  12 south, lol. I've never cared for Mafiozas. Their pizza is average, the dough too sweet for my taste. 5 Points Pizza is some of the best I've ever had, and I'm from the northeast originally. Their Brooklyn is aptly named. What a jack ass.   [deleted] Just curious if there is a metal sign posted in front of the parking space? I got real smart with a jerkass who did this at a restaurant once, who informed me that it didn't matter unless there was a sign posted as well. Never really looked into that. Maybe someone can confirm. Either way, your legs work, fucking walk.  I still like their pizza [deleted] Go to soul shine instead. Great pizza.  Wrote a review about this on yelp. I'm about to move to Nashville in a month, and I wanted some good pizza when I get there. After this article the owners behavior really tells me a lot about and I'm not impressed nor am I happy about it. This behavior is very very unwelcoming, and I don't think I will be going to this place. Duck this pizza place in the ass. Check out who sent it - Kim Dettweiler. She's just a PR slut. She even posted on OP's page May 10, 2013 at 12:23 pm, then again as "12 South Mafiozas". What a rat. Food is good and he may be a nice guy.....but parking in handicap is typically a very good indicator on if someone is either a fucking prick or a fucking idiot.....it's not always valid.....but typically is


//forgot to mention it could indicate they are handicap as well Hey people can do nice things and be a jerk? This really complicates my world view! I've met him too and he's a really great guy, so let's not vilify him just yet. If this is true, the cops need to be told. Mafioza's in 12 south.  Place sucks balls, regardless. And then you see some people who are looking perfectly fine get out of the cars and I'm just like, what happened to you? 6ths at the buffet motherfucker? I don't know what the codes are for Davidson/Nashville/TN, but my instinct says if you run a business open to the public, you have to be ADA complaint. (Of course if you've owned the building for 100 years, etc, I know these cases). Either way, I forwarded this article on to the TN Disabilities Coalition. Maybe they know whether or not anything can be done.   maybe so, but their service left much to be desired Soul shine sucked real bad. Bad service, bad pizza Shouldn't write reviews to a place you havne't been to. Wait, why did you call her a slut? She's their public relations person, this is her job. I don't understand your attack at all.  They do tons of charity work for what it's worth. It doesn't excuse the act, but he's not a prick.  Idiot perhaps. I would bet that he's the one paying them to be there. [deleted] Shouldn't park in handicapped spaces if you aren't handicapped...  It's not a huge conspiracy for a nice parking spot. when we went there were literally 2 other tables occupied. our drinks weren't refilled once. we weren't checked up on once. tge pizza was "meh" and the french dip was pathetic. all the while we could see the waitress yucking it up with her buddies in the back of the restaurant.  no shit.... huh? You said that like you wouldn't expect the cops to do anything. OP clearly stated the cop he spoke with wasn't happy with the situation. I doubt money will suddenly upset the situation and make the cops do nothing. umm, when did I say that?

Do you really doubt that money can potentially make cops look the other way?  
 No, I doubt that a cop is gonna take a bribe for something so small. Your blowing this up into some corruption scandal. Carlo, *you* said the words "bribe" "huge conspiracy" & "corruption scandal".  Who is doing the blowing up here?  I truly think you misread what I said.  No one thinks anyone is being bribed in this situation.  Police are allowed to work security off hours.  The owner of said place is doing nothing wrong by paying them.  Their choice not to enforce the law is their own. You talked about the police being paid as if it were the reason they would not enforce the laws regarding the ADA and the handicapped spot. OP clearly stated the cop wished he could, but for the fact that the dickhead is the owner of the restaurant, and thus the parking spot. If he is not the property owner, that argument goes out the window and a fine can probably likely be implemented. Your resistance to that line of thinking either comes from a defeatist attitude (you borrowing phrases from discussions of the relationships between law enforcement and politicians/corporate heads) or ignorance. Neither would make sense. Something around here doesn't make sense, that's for sure! 