Did I get taken advantage of There was an older woman in a wheelchair with one leg  today in antioch at Kroger. She claimed she was locked out of her apartment and only needed 16 dollars for a locksmith or somethjjng like that. I gave her a 20. Just curious if anyone here knows her to be a beggar and I got taken for.  I don't know her...but yes, yes you did When you get locked out of your apartment, you call the apartment manager.  Odds are you got got I'm gonna say more than likely, yes. Look at it this way. She needed $20 and you gave it to her. It doesn't matter if she took advantage of you or not. You did a good thing and you shouldn't waste any of your time kicking yourself for it. :) Anyone ever notice how panhandlers beg for precise amounts for bus pass/meal/gasoline/locksmith/etc? It's never $5, always $4.50. It's never $1, it's ¢87. They know you will round up to the closest denomination that's in your wallet. She was actually asking for your twenty dollar bill.

I've also noticed that nothing pisses them off more than giving them the actual thing they claim they need the money for. I've watched a beggar throw onto the ground a hot meal I gave her and walk away. I man the office of a business in Antioch and we constantly get people coming in asking for money for things like their kid's asthma medicine, their wife's funeral, etc.  These people are despicable and will use anything to take advantage of a person's kindness.  It's doubly bad because it means if anyone legitimately needs my help I will probably turn them away because I'll assume they are full of shit.     Yes. On that note, if you ever see a schlubby looking middle aged white guy broken down on the side of the road, don't give him gas money. He has over 100 arrests for panhandling, and he's an asshole to boot Schrodinger's locksmith.   Holy shit, does it matter? If you find out you did, will you ask for a refund? Yeah you got taken. Dont give money to people on the street your just enabling them. When in doubt just don't give shit to strangers. Maybe she needed it for a locksmith, maybe she needed it for food, maybe she needed it for booze/drugs you don't know.  People are saying you helped her but you can't really know what that money was used for.

If you want to help your fellow man/woman  there are numerous food pantries, homeless shelters, and other charities around town that could use your donations. All these places know how to get the most out of your $20 and you know where it is going. I live in Antioch but I don't go to this Kroger much. So whenever I do go and see her there I can tell if she's a professional beggar.  I've had multiple similar experiences near the CVS on 21st near Vanderbilt. One more than one occasion, the same woman has asked me for money (to get gas to go to the grocery store, to buy food, etc.). Each time, I've offered to take her into CVS and buy her groceries, but she has refused and demanded money. Just an FYI Even if you did, she probably needed the money more than you anyway. Look at it as putting good karma out into the world — it'll come back to you in some way. You're right. That's not what she said though. Maybe she needed money for a cab. Can't remember exactly what she said.  That's what I figured but there's a small chance I helped someone in need today Hey man I need about $20, I locked myself out of my smart phone.

 Hey man i need 20$...

 Hey i need $20 for gas man. $30 would fill it up. Reminds me of when my friend was downtown heading to work he saw an employee at the Dollar General (when it was still down there) give a beggar outside of the store an application and got super pissed when he did saying he didn't want a stupid job like that.  Noted on the middle aged guy. So you know the lady I described? It was an older plump lady with one leg? Yea I'm sorry. To add an actual helpful comment:

I've not had an interaction with a lady like that but I don't go to the Antioch Kroger. It's in the mail! It's in the mail! It's in the mail! I'm like, "Pssst... *I* would like $20 for free too!" No, but she's a scammer. Different lady! She was on the older side though, with long dark hair.  