Are there any waterfall trails east of Nashville that are somewhat wheelchair accessible? A few of my friends are coming into town in a month, and one of them is mostly in a wheelchair. He can get out and walk short distances if there is a spot we need to carry his wheelchair to. 

I've only been to Cummins falls out east of town, but I know he wouldn't be able to do that one. Are there any other waterfall trails that may be easier?  Kind of far but Rock Island has a very large falls, you can drive and be able to see it. If he can make it down (and up) 30-40 steepish stairs you can get fairly close. Not sure if it's worth the drive and effort, there are other overlooks in the area including parking right at the dam and Fall Creek Falls (relatively) close which has an overlook by the nature center. http://tnstateparks.com/about/ada-information There are overlooks for Fall Creek Falls that should be accessible; it would be more of a top-down view. I also THINK some of the trails are paved, but I might be remembering wrong? There are also plenty of other falls in the area, so you could call ahead and ask a park ranger which falls are accessible.

Not a waterfall, but a portion of the Stone Door trail at Savage Gulf is paved. Beautiful view. [Link](https://www.cloudhiking.com/trails/bigCreekSG.php) It's been a while since the last time I went, but I remember Burgess Falls having some trails that led to an overlook, that may or may not be somewhat wheelchair accessible. I need my hiking brethren on this sub to help me out. Getting close to the waterfall might not be possible in wheelchair.. but your friend can still get a good view (if my memory is serving me). 

It might be a good idea to call around to the parks to see what they say.  The overlook at Foster Falls is accessible. The trail past the overlook is not.  Burgess Falls is a fairly short trip from the parking lot and if I call the trails are very level and wide

edit: also, not a waterfall but Stone Door Overlook is completely paved for the half mile from the parking lot to an awesome overlook of Savage Gulf. For overlooks, I would make a day of it and visit Rock Island and Fall Creek Falls. Rock Island has some places with short walks to overlook, although some of the better falls require more walking. There is also a beach if you want to get some swimming in, with a parking lot less than 100 feet away from the water. Fall Creek Falls overlook is paved, so I could see taking the wheelchair to the overlook. The path to the falls is about ½ mile and moderate, so a no go. This is about a 6 hour trip, if you take time to enjoy the scenery, but there are lodging options, as well, if you want to break things up.

If you can get permission at Cummins falls, there is a ranger road that gets near the overlook (about 100-150 feet). If not, the road may be able to be used by wheelchair, although it is gravel. Burgess falls also has roads, but none get really close to the overlooks, which will mean some walking. Both are near Cookeville. About 1.5 hours - 2 hours east of Nashville.

Off the Natchez Trace, you have Jackson falls, which is accessed via a short paved trail and a set of stairs. About 200 feet from the parking lot, but there are quite a few stairs, so keep that in mind. They are best in spring, as they get rather wimpy once the melt off is complete. Fall Hollow falls is an easy enough trail going to the overlook (much harder getting closer), but it is quite a drive for something that might not work, as you cannot easily wheel up to the falls. You can get to Jackson falls in less than an hour from Bellevue. 

If you are willing to go commercial, Ruby falls is accessible. On the way, you can jaunt off at Monteagle and visit the Foster Falls overlook, which is a nice wooden “trail” from the parking lot. There is a visitors center east of Monteagle (about 3 miles?) if you want maps to the South Cumberland State Park where it is located. US 41 will take you down to Jasper, where you can rejoin I-24 or you can take Valley View Highway up to Whitwell and see the Children’s Holocaust Museum, featured in the documentary Paperclips, which is available at the local library. This is a decent day trip and you can throw in Ruby Falls and dinner in Chattanooga.

If you are willing to take a day trip, Amicolola falls in North Georgia is wonderful. Paved trail to the overlook at the bottom of the falls (about 4 hours). The platform, if you want to get a better look, is one flight of stairs up. Now, the walk to the upper platform is a real b*tch, as you climb stairs FOREVER. Continuing east, on SR 52, you can get to Dukes Creek Falls, which has an accessible observation platform (another hour?). About 10 miles further, near Helen, you find Unicoi State Park and the trail to Anna Ruby falls. Stop and get a Bavarian lunch in Helen? Even farther east is Toccoa Falls, on a college campus. There is a small fee for it. You can then head south to the I-85 and go back through Atlanta (full long day, unless you decide to grab a hotel).

Hope this helps. Lots of stairs to get to the overlook, unfortunately. It's a relatively short distance though, I want to say OP and his friends could totally pull this off. 