Quick question I am not a citizen of your great city but I am traveling there for a destination wedding and cannot wait to visit. My potential issue is I am a wheelchair user and I hear that the sidewalks can be a bit gnarly. Any tips? Also, what about wheelchair accessibility in public places like restaurants and bars especially when it comes to the bathrooms? Any info/advice would be very helpful. Thanks! In a lot of situations I am imagining, you might be out of luck. Sorry. I hope it works out. Some places have wide enough walk ways and stuff, some dont. 50/50. Sidewalks are fucked.  This city is fucking tragic when it comes to accessibility. Some of that has to due with the fact that tons of our buildings are 200+ years old, some of it comes from crumbling infrastructure, and some of it comes from thoughtless assholes who block sidewalks with their cars etc. Unfortunately, the best sidewalks are in the French Quarter, where the buildings are the least accessible. 

With restaurants, I would advise calling ahead to find out if they are accessible/have accessible bathrooms. With bars, you can try calling or contacting them through social media. Not sure how responsive they will be. 

I am genuinely ashamed of how awful this city is for people with accessibility requirements. I am sorry that we are not doing better.  The City is not very ADA compliant, and old enough that they can skirt the law in a lot of places.

I highly recommend that you stay in one of the large hotels in the CBD / French Quarter as they will be accessable. Now you may be thinking of going to some of the neighborhoods, because you can jus wheel down the street. This is a bad idea as the roads are so bad that they eat cars alive. The sidewalks are difficult to navigate and unfortunately many bars/restaurants have steps to get in etc.  with that being said, I think the people who work and live in New Orleans are all about hospitality and will do everything they can to help you.  You may want to note what large hotels are around, I’m sure all of them would let you come in to use their Bathroom if necessary.  Many of the bars and restaurants have non-public entrances without steps etc that I am sure they would escort you through.  While the infrastructure is not accommodating, the people really are.  Have fun! Thanks everyone for the advice. Sounds like it'll be quite the challenge. I'll have to maybe even possibly rethink going at all. There's just some city's that are more difficult than others. No disrespect to your city though. It seems like an amazing place and hopefully in the future I can visit.  This will greatly depend on where you are, but in general sidewalks (and roads, frankly) are not in great shape. Sidewalks are also routinely blocked by construction or occasionally too narrow for a wheelchair to pass. Again, though, that will depend on where you are.

Accessibility is a mixed bag, especially with bars. But again, this will depend on where you are going.   Downtown is very wheelchair friendly, but other places are not. Right now there is so much construction and "improvements" going on that even walkers can have difficulty navigating the quarter or uptown.  Call ahead to venues,(restaurants, bars) because a lot of places don't have elevators to get to a second floor, or even ramps,  and some entrances to places are a good foot off the ground. 
As for sidewalks... no where uptown has a complete block of accessible sidewalk, bet...I see people in wheelchairs using the parking lane or street :/ If you don’t have a friend that can help you out, you’ll probably have to stay downtown and in the quarter. For that, I’m truly sorry. Our infrastructure is pure garbage and you could easily end up stranded by a sidewalk with fault lines.  depending on the area, you can get away with rolling down the street or on the side of the road (not major streets) but at least in the quarter.  The Central Business District has a lot of buildings and sidewalks that aren't that bad.  I have pushed a hand cart around most of downtown at some point and it was do able.  Not sure about the bathrooms.   The St Charles streetcars are NOT accessible, but the others, I think, are. Right? I worked in a restaurant that had restrooms only on the second floor with no elevator or ramp for the mobility challenged. They had to go next door to use the restroom  Don't skip the trip if you can help it.  Are you ambulatory at all?  

Here is a site that might be helpful - its about 3 years old but most info is still relavent.  https://wheelchairtravel.org/new-orleans-la/

Also this site has tons of info on individual shops, bars, restaurants, hotels, parks, gas stations everything... http://app.access-louisiana.org/Home.html


The city is getting better about ADA access, slowly.  Its a struggle to make 200 year old buildings accessible for any reasonable budget without ruining the historic character, and we struggle with it... but it is slowly getting better.  Most of the down town / CBD and french quarter has installed ADA curb cuts.  Most large scale renovations of historic buildings are ADA accessible... Its a requirement if you are doing a large renovation over a certain % threshold of the building's assessed value.  So as more things get fixed up they get accessible.  

Some more sites:
http://wheelchairtraveling.com/new-orleans-access-overview-accessible-for-wheelchairs-and-disabled/

This is for children in wheelchairs - but a lot of the kids activities they list are just great for everyone in general so its a useful guide for any age person:  http://ldh.la.gov/assets/oph/Center-PHCH/Center-PH/cshs/RecreationResourceGuide.pdf

Anyway.  I do hope you come and enjoy yourself.  I think with a little extra planning and a few helpful friends you will be able to have a great time.


You might also want to call your hotel and talk to the concierge.  They may be able to put a package together for you with information on accessibility that is more relevant to the overall itinerary your group is planning.

 I will have people with me that would help me out but it will still be challenging I'm afraid. I'm gonna do a little bit of planning though and try to make it a reality.  These links are very helpful. Thanks very much! I'll try to plan out the trip and make it happen. To answer your question, I am a bit ambulatory with using crutches. But mostly the wheelchair is how I get around. Thanks again for the great info! This is the nicest thing I've ever seen this sub post.  Don't let the idea that some places might not be accessible stop you! All the places you'll want to go that are popular with people are just fine. Yes, there's going to be some inconvenience, but I'm sure you've dealt with that before. Its a great place, and really, its not because we don't care, its because the city is old and we're below sea level with one of the most powerful rivers on the planet running right through us. Downtown is just fine, but if you need to go out on the sidewalk, say where I live in the Riverbend area, yeah, there are sidewalks that just aren't going to work, either due to the water table or the root system of trees. If you're coming with people who can help, you'll be good to go! I work in a hotel and I see people in wheelchairs and walkers all the time! You’re welcome.  I think if you are even slightly ambulatory you will be able to make it just about wherever you want to go as long as you have a few friends to help you up/down the random curb or step. I will say that people here are amazingly friendly and kind, and anyone around will help you when you need it if you encounter curbs you can't roll through, barriers, etc. Please don't skip the trip. I think you'll be okay.  I think the only thing you might "miss out on" are French Quarter bar bathrooms. In which case, consider yourself lucky. Almost all the nicer places should have a larger bathroom stall to accommodate you.

I know Carousel Bar has a ramp up the steps and a nice bar area with a very nice bathroom. Sazerac at the Roosevelt is another good one too. 