Subway map showing only wheelchair-accessible stations  It's amazing how much we take for granted our ability to go up or down staircases.  The MTA does provide the [Access a Ride](http://web.mta.info/nyct/paratran/guide.htm) service for those who can't use the regular subway system due to disabilities. It works something like calling a taxi (for a the regular subway ride fare).

My grandmother used to use it, and she thought it was better than the subway, but that was some time ago, so who knows how well that works now. On a selfish note, this is a really useful map for when I have to transport really heavy stuff on a dolly via the subway. i love how the G train just straight up disappears from the map

jesus christ As a deaf subway rider, I'm acutely aware of how unaccessible the MTA is. One quick/easy improvement: You have electronic signs in the subway car; use them to announce delays or route changes! Wait, does this mean, for disabled people on the weekend, its almost impossible to get from parts Brooklyn to Queens and almost impossible to get from North Brooklyn to Manhattan? Interesting how the Astoria line doesn't even exist on the map.  I am not looking forward to navigating the subway on crutches post surgery next month. I could only imagine how tough it is for people who can't walk at all or as well  If you check out the MTA's [Elevator & Escalator Status](http://advisory.mtanyct.info/EEoutage/) page you'll see that at the moment five of those stations have at least one elevator out of order. When I lived in NYC several years ago, I was appalled by the lack of accommodations for people with disabilities. The subway obviously lacks elevators, but the buses also lack clear, crisp automated street and station announcements (ASA) for the blind. That technology now comes *standard* on American- and Canadian-made buses, ~~but the MTA is deliberately requesting its vendors, New Flyer Industries and Novabus, to build their buses without it. I understand that it's slightly cheaper to buy buses without ASA pre-installed and that the MTA orders buses by the hundreds, but is it really worth screwing over the blind to save a buck?~~ When even Detroit and its barely functional transit system has ASA on its buses and Boston can install elevators in nearly all of its ~100 year old subway system, the MTA looks like a bunch of backwards fucks when it comes to accommodations for the disabled.

Edit: I was wrong. The MTA does have equipment for ASA installed on all new buses, but they're not in use. If the MTA raised fares for the explicit purpose of making the system more accessible to the disabled, I wonder what the public response would be. 

For some reason, I think people would oppose it. Kingsbridge on the D is missing from the map. The MTA has made EVERY station they built ADA compliant. However, they inherited 98% of their system from previous builders who didn't. I dont. I literally think every single day "You know what would suck? Not being able to walk in a walking city."

This is frequently reinforced by seeing people with canes and wheelchairs and thinking to myself, "God, i bet that sucks." Seriously. A few months ago I had tissue damage in my foot and had to hobble around with a cane for a few weeks. I couldn't imagine having to get around in a wheelchair or crutches. I work with individuals who have to take access a ride to get anywhere and times have certainly changed. One time I was waiting for 6 hours with a person for it to come because they got the address wrong and refused to go around the block. It's constantly late and never allows you to leave when you want. The only benefit is that you can go anywhere in the city for the cost of a bus/subway fare. It's literally one of the worst public benefit services I've ever experienced.  Also really helpful for those stroller users out there.  As long as you aren't pushing handicapped people out of the way, I don't think it's selfish. On the subway.  There are buses too.  One of the perils of having a transit system built 100 years ago is that it isn't handicapped accessible.  Also think of all the older people with bad knees having to go up and down long flights of stairs.  Most stations don't even have escalators. The MTA provides, basically, a free taxi service for those with disabilities that prevent them from using public transportation. Yep. 

I live in Astoria and constantly (well, occasionally) wonder how it's even possible that not a single N/Q station in queens is wheelchair accessible. From Queensboro Plaza all the way to Ditmars: not a single elevator or ramp.  Especially considering they are above ground... They could add accessibility without having to excavate anything.  Q100/Q69 both go to queens plaza and the F train. Making N/Q stops accessible would be no small task. How do you know that the MTA is "deliberately" requesting its vendors to build buses difficult for disabled people?

Disclaimer: I'm not advocating against people with disabilities. It would be helpful if we backed up our claims with credible sources. >Boston can install elevators in nearly all of its ~100 year old subway system

The entire Boston subway system has 145 stations, they've added elevators to 112...about the same that NYC has. NYC just has a larger area / more stations to upgrade. The issue with the ASA is that the prices that Clever Devices was charging was not something that would've scaled up to the entire bus fleet in terms of affordability. Most likely the MTA will grab a bunch of interns to hobble together a solution on the cheap, similar to what happened with BusTime. I could see a lot of people opposing it. 

Counter argument is that only a small percentage of subway users are disabled, so why should the rest of us have to subsidize them? It sucks and I do feel bad for them, but sometimes majority rules. There is a lady that has to take it to and from my work and she is almost ALWAYS waiting around even though she tells them in advanced when she is ready to be picked up. aka babies and small children. And yet the older Boston system is like 95% accessible. "But it's a smaller system". Yup, that means it receives considerably less funding.  This service costs the taxpayers $67.33 a trip. Not a terrible deal for the disabled folks. Also, the cost for them is $1.25, or whatever the reduced-fare MetroCard cost per ride is.

Source: http://nypost.com/2014/09/22/cabs-are-key-to-saving-mta-money-with-access-a-ride/ I'm on the other end of the N/R and it's the same thing. There isn't anything between Bay Ridge and Atlantic/Pacific. It's amazing with the high elderly population in Bay Ridge and Sunset Park. It's a shame Access-a-Ride is so poorly handled.  for some reason there's been construction on the Broadway stop which led to the elimination of a staircase. it's been that way for about 6 months now. i can't imagine how long it would take to install an elevator. My original comment was wrong. Apologies. I have a friend who works with the MTA's Title VI compliance program, which is unrelated to disability services. So I take what I say with a heavy grain of salt. According to him, the MTA does have ASA equipment from Clever Devices installed on most post-2005 buses, but it's disabled. There was an ASA test program on the M34, M34A and a few other routes, but that ended when they implemented BusTime, which uses mostly same equipment. NYC also has more people paying into the system.  Aka reddit users  Chicago has really made some moves in terms of accessibility also. They're system is 100 years old as well. Go ahead and down vote but a world class city needs world class transport for all of its citizens.  Though a majority of the MBTA stations are above ground on the green line. That makes it a lot easier and cheaper to elevate a sidewalk versus have to renovate an underground station. It's the cost of a regular fare. And I wish I could say all that money is doing its job. While access a ride is incredibly beneficial for people who can't take public transit, it should also be noted that it's so poorly executed that it at times becomes prohibitive to going where you need to go  That should probably be their slogan...

The MTA: It's a Shame.  At Astoria Blvd, they were working on fixing a single staircase, just about 20 steps, for *9 months* 

 No worries. Thanks for educating us w/ the info :) Oddly enough, it's the above ground stations that tend to NOT be handicap accessible. Every underground station but 3 or 4 have been retrofit to be handicap accessible. The reason some above ground stations arent is because theres only 2-3 feet of space on the "platform" Well seeing how the Second Ave. Line is taking a century to complete, that's just about on target for the MTA.  Glad I'm not the only one that noticed 