nyc tourism with elderly Hey New Yorkers,

My mom and dad just celebrated their 50th anniversary, and I wanted to do something special for them.  She says, "Well, you know I always wanted to see NYC.." My mom has mobility issues.  She is 74 and a bit heavy-set, so can't walk more than about 50yards or climb more than a flight of stairs without taking a rest, so I raise my eyebrows.  I can't think of a more walking-intensive city than NYC.  I've been a few times and just Times square alone will put some steps on your pedometer.  Added to that is the people congestion at every street cornier.  NYC is exciting, but I wouldn't necessarily think of it as a first pick for her.

 But ok, I'm going to try to make this work.  I'm thinking the NYC Big Apple bus tour, for sure.  Probably carriage ride around central park.  Broadway show... probably "Come from Away" as we are from the maritime provinces of Canada where a lot of the 9/11 flights were diverted and we hosted a lot of stranded travellers and from what I heard the show is about that story.  My Dad is an aviation buff so I'd like to take him to the USS Intrepid while my wife and mom do something else.

We're looking at roughly 4 calendar days around a weekend in November, when the weather isn't to hot, before US Thanksgiving so the crowds shouldn't be too bad.  A day of travel on either end, but essentially 48 hours of light tourism.

Question: Can it be done effectively?   Suggestions, itineraries and help please :) One big note is that, if you're planning on taking the subway, the elevator coverage is [notoriously poor](https://www.dnainfo.com/new-york/20150608/bushwick/map-subway-map-showing-only-wheelchair-accessible-stations/). That's from 2015, but still, the concept applies. The MTA publishes a (presumably up-to-date?) list of accessible stations [here](http://web.mta.info/accessibility/stations.htm), and there's also other sites like [this](https://wheelchairtravel.org/new-york-city/public-transportation/) that might be of use. You don't say if she has a wheelchair, but for someone who has limited stair ability, that might be helpful. You may get a few more answers by posting this in /r/AskNYC, but here's a few ideas:

Go to the top of the World Trade Center - excellent views and it's all indoors/air conditioned/accessible.

When my grandmother came to visit me once, we took her to Long Island City (in Queens, not to be confused with Long Island). It's all well maintained, easy to walk, and has excellent views of the skyline. You can take an Uber right to the edge and walk 100 feet to the water. There are lots of benches and places to sit. 

Chelsea Market is a nice food hall that has lots of places to sit and isn't terribly large. Also has some good food if you're looking for a lunch place. It's near the High Line which is an elevated park, but that may be difficult if you don't want to walk much. 

Central Park is, of course, really nice. While I'd personally avoid the carriage rides, just be careful they don't scam you. Get a clear price upfront.

Your idea for the Intrepid is great - it was really awesome to see. Less places to sit and relax, but I think they had a cafe inside with some tables and such.

Good luck!! I empathize with you.  My parents came to visit several years ago and have many of the same issues your family has.  They had a great time and still use it as a reference to understand how I live in NYC.  That said, my experience was a much different perspective than theirs.  I was frustrated because we couldn't just walk, but they loved how 'easy' it was to get around.  We ended up taking cabs everywhere, so be prepared for the costs (use uber, lyft, cabs, etc).  My dad is like your mom and won't walk very far.  I ended up doing many of the same things you've already mentioned: big bus tour, a boat tour in the Hudson, carriage ride in central park, we saw Times Square from a cab, and I took them to restaurants with plenty of space and with comfortable seats.  It took some advance planning, but worked out.  Drive them across the Brooklyn Bridge and hang out at the waterfront, Try the Guggenheim museum (ride elevator up and walk down the ramp). Have fun and good luck! I've heard such good things about Come from Away! I had a Canadian friend in town recently and she loved it - hope to check it out myself soon.

One thing that can be helpful with restaurants and venues is to call ahead of time and let them know you'll be attending along with a person who has mobility issues. This is especially true for venues where they will often have someone on hand just to meet y'all at the door and help your parents to their seats. They might enjoy the views from the Staten Island ferry, which is free and a short walk from where an Uber would drop you. I would normally recommend the Governor’s Island ferry instead, which takes you to a really great park, but there’s not really a great way to get around it besides walking or biking. The Intrepid is awesome. If they’re into art I would recommend the Frick, which while a little expensive, has an amazing collection but is pretty small and easy to cover compared to the Met or the Moma.

The main thing to enjoy here without walking is probably the food. You can have some phenomenal, affordable meals here, even if your parents aren’t adventurous eaters, so it might be worth it to plan some memorable meals and not just grab whatever happens to be nearby when you’re hungry.

It’s definitely a challenge. I would just be prepared to shell out for Uber, it’s completely ubiquitous and relatively cheap here. The subway isn’t worth it if you’re elderly, out of shape, and just in town for a couple of days, even compared to sitting in traffic. The strip between the Oculus + Brookfield Place is all indoors and is massive. It's right by the World Trade Center. It's aircon'd, lots of a food, lots of shopping, flat surfaces for wheelchairs and elevators and escalators as well. They're also both stunning buildings. Avoid the carriages and bike taxis, both are massively overpriced. like 6$ a minute overpriced.  Visit the Morgan Library and Museum in midtown. Its the glitz and glamour of old time new york that tourists like, while still being manageably small. Many older NYers prefer that over the Met, which is huge.  My mom's not that bad off, but she gets tired a lot more easily than me when walking. When she visits I just am prepared to take cabs/Uber more often. For Come From Away (a great show btw), definitely spring for orchestra seats and get an aisle seat for more leg room. I know my mom loves Junior's in Times Square because you can sit on the outdoor patio or by a window and people watch as you eat. Maybe you would be interested in one of those double decker bus tours. There’s a bunch to choose from so you might be able to explore more this way. I recommend you pick one big thing to do each day and from there see what else you can squeeze in between breaks / rests / meals.

You won't be able to show your parents everything but they will love you for it any way.

In addition to the many great ideas already shared, maybe look into a segway tour. I think they still have those. Not sure if your mom would be up for that however.  Come From Away is a perfect show to take them to. Beautiful, poignant, with plenty of laughs.

Enjoy You're a good child.  I have this same issue with my inlaws. If you can afford it, just rent a car/SUV for the weekend and do the thing where you leave them with your wife on the corner and you go park the car in a garage.  Garage parking in Manhattan is easy and always available (there's an app for it). Just plan ahead for itineraries.   If you think you can street park a car, get one for the weekend.  If not, get a full day zipcar two/three times.  

I know its expensive, but (in my case anyways) and my inlaws get tired/cranky by 1pm on days where we would walk places and by 3pm all they wanted to do was just go home and rest.  They didn't really enjoy anything b/c the amount of walking this city requires is just too much.  And they are not used to the crowds, stairs and 'fuss' of the city.

I'll recommend a BK driving day: you can drive the BK bridge, see brownstone brooklyn (eg BK Heights to cobble hill and across Borrum Hill into Park Slope), NY transit museum is really cool in downtown BK as you are going from BK heights to Park Slope, late lunch somewhere in Park Slope, walk across Prospect park, go down to Coney Island (check on this in November and with the weather), dinner/dogs with the sunset.  If Coney Island is a no go when they are here, then after prospect park, you can get to Wall St FiDi really easy across the Carey Tunnel. If she can't walk more than 50 yards, she's more than "a bit heavy set". Likely heavily overweight and she may be having joint damage as well. If you can't walk 50 yards I don't see how you could even pay a visit to a regular grocery store without an electric wheelchair. I'm thinking about renting a wheelchair, I'm fit enough to push her around a few blocks (I think!) for around Times Square, and cabbing it for when we need to go more than a couple of blocks. Thanks, I'll cross-post this to r/AskNYC.  And good tip about the Carriage rides... I wouldn't suspect scamming I thought they'd be regulated like the cabs.  I'd be savvy enough to keep my spidey-senses alert for carriages that "don't look quite right" or unlike the mainstays...  do you have more insight on what you'd do instead of the carriages if you want to take in Central Park minus a lot of walking? Do they have Rickshaws or bicycles carriages or other? Cool, thanks for the encouragement.  It sounds like I'm on the right track... having already visited a few times in the past its a solid boon since I have a really good sense of the vibe in Manhattan.  One of the Circle line roots even briefly scoots across the Brooklyn Bridge if they still run it.

I think its a good idea to think of where we're going to eat, and build the plan from there.   OP you should defiantly go to Come from Away! Make sure to stop by the back door and mention you took in travelers!  I would try to avoid mezzanine/balcony seats in the theater. Even if they have an elevator you still have to climb up/down pretty steep stairs to get to your actual seat.  Didn't realize you could actually rent wheelchairs. Makes perfect sense, but it's still a strange concept to me for some reason.

The last site I linked to has [more non-subway specific information](https://wheelchairtravel.org/new-york-city/), too - it actually came up when looking for the graphic above, but it seems to be put together well. Honestly (and fortunately) don't know much about navigating the city with any kind of serious health issues, so I don't really have more specific information to pass on. Best of luck! There are also wheelchair accessable taxis you can call so your mom does not even have to get out of the chair, just wheel her in to the cab. The 911 Freedom Tower is flat and has easy wheelchair access to walk around in. There are also restaurants that are easy wheelchair access all around the city. You can actually call a cab that has a wheelchair lift. I think there’s an app but I’m not sure. 

https://www1.nyc.gov/nyc-resources/service/1015/accessible-taxi-dispatch-for-wheelchair-using-passengers You can even rent electric scooters. They do have the pedicabs but their prices vary. Look at the sides of the car to see the individual rates, and don't pay more than $2.99 a minute. Also, be aware that the step up to the horse carriage can be tall. Its not the look of the carriages, its the people that walk up to you selling the service. They'll be very nice, very convincing, very persistent and then set you at ease, but have unclear pricing.  