Touring NYC with a wheelchair? So my mother is coming to visit at the end of October, and she's had surgery on her foot and knee over the past year.  As a result, she can't walk more than a half a mile or so at a stretch.  She's never been to New York City, so I really want to make sure we take the time to come out (we live on Long Island).   I'm thinking the best thing to do is rent a wheelchair from somewhere and my husband and I can take turns wheeling her around to the sites she wants to see.  Mom has already said she was okay with this.

So my main question is: what do I need to know? I don't even know where to begin looking for wheelchair rentals.  I only know which subways have handicap access.  Any info anyone has would be great. Damn near impossible. Expect to be miserable and spend most of the day hoping and praying that the places you go (including the subway) are accessible. 

What the NYC subway considers wheel chair accessible is a joke. 

I had to wheel around a friend with a broken ankle once and it was one nightmare after another trying to get around. Most of the day was wasted trying to get around because the stops that are "accessible" are almost never the places you want to go. And even when they are the gaps between the train and the platform are so bad that you need another person to lift the wheelchair.

Don't get me started on broken elevators forcing you to skip your destination entirely. If she can walk half a mile, she doesn't really need a wheelchair unless she's doing lots of window shopping.  Most destinations are no more than a few blocks from mass transportation.  Perhaps bring a fold up stool.
 If she can do a set of stairs on her own, just get tickets for the HOHO busses. They'll hit all the touristy stops, she'll have a great view, and you can get out and shop or whatever only if she feels up to it. 
  
Wheelchair sounds like a nightmare. My mother needs a wheelchair for longer distances as well. She has her own wheelchair, though, so I don't know where to get those. A lot of museums have wheelchairs available for people to borrow (and handicap accessable entries), so if you are doing a lot of museum'ing, you might bus/cab from place to place, borrow the wheelchairs available there. Just ask at the information desk or coat check area if they have wheelchairs available. Some wheelchair access doors are NOT obvious, so if you don't see one, go in yourself and ask where to find it. Definitely take the bus, not the subway; a cab also is good, but more expensive.  Would you recommend any other way to get her around? This is not a chance that's likely to come again any time soon for her.

We could have her walk up and down stairs and carry the wheelchair for her. http://advisory.mtanyct.info/EEoutage/ The buses are all wheelchair accessible. I'd suggest taking advantage of it and only using subways for the long stretches. The time it takes to get to a wheelchair accessible subway stop could easily be saved just getting on the bus. In the meantime you get to people watch. Take the bus. It takes forever, but you can get within a block of most places in Manhattan. If she can climb the stairs, all the better, but the bus driver will lower a wheelchair ramp if not. Use the wheelchair in conjunction with cabs for longer distances. Plan out your day accordingly. Don't bother with the subway except as an attraction. Access-a-Ride or wheel chair accessible taxis. Crap shoot either way. Also keep in mind that a lot of bathrooms in restaurants are not accessible, so decide where you're going to eat ahead of time.

Edit: Forgot about the bus Thanks. Unfortunately this page didn't exist several years ago as far as I know. This is a good point. I forgot about this. Thank you! THIS is the advice I was looking for. Why not drive? Seems like you could find a spot/garage in a hood, tour that area, then drive to somewhere else. Guess it depends on what you're trying to see. Like I said, she can walk, just not far.  When we eat, we can just stow the chair. 