Calling all a**hole landords, businesses and homeowners: Shovel the sidewalk. It's the law. If you don't want the every once in a while responsibility of shoveling the public sidewalk or paying someone to do so, then don't own a house or business.  Not only is it a pain in the ass for people that have to get to and from places it makes it nearly impossible for wheelchairs, baby strollers, etc.  And for those with selfish or lazy neighbors, if your not reporting them you should.  It takes 5 seconds to do so via the [web](http://www1.nyc.gov/nyc-resources/service/2489/snow-or-ice-on-sidewalks-report)  or via the app on [android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=gov.nyc.doitt.ThreeOneOne&hl=en) or [ios](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/nyc-311/id324897619?mt=8). [deleted] Honestly, I think most LLs understand they'll get sued, so the take care of it. Most. The worst offenders I've noticed are CHURCHES. I live in Harlem so we have a lot of them, and that shit is rarely cleared.  My question is who is responsible for the crosswalks? Corner lot homeowners in my area are good at clearing their sidewalks, but then there's just mountains of snow from the sidewalk ramp stretching 3 or 4 feet. Completely impassable for anyone with a disability or a stroller. To those of you who seem to disagree.... It snowed on Thursday and it is now MONDAY. SHOVEL UR FUCKING SNOW!!! Mosques and churches plus the city it self seem to be the biggest problem. If the landlord is not physically able to do it then they are responsible for hiring someone who is.
Oh and by the way in case you haven't noticed it's a lot easier to get on top of it when it has just fallen. Nah, I dig my snow out properly. I know what it's like navigating mad neighborhoods in Queens on foot where the people just don't give a fuck about how much clearance you have on the sidewalks.

For my walkway and chunk 'o land I tend to, it took 26 minutes to do. That included salting. Clear as of 12a just about with a maybe a thin patch of frost here and there cause the temps dipped, but it was safe to traverse through.

I think myself, my neighbor across the street, who had a huge chunk to do themselves cleaned everything out and then some. My neighbors next to me were struggling and they weren't even prepared. With these tiny ass shovels, no salt, two of them, and they can't even hack it. Shit is still treacherous today.

Step up boys, this winter is some real shit and it's not over. And if you know someone who's elderly, do their shit too. It's good exercise! They're the only ones with an excuse. It'd be hard on their hearts to do it, but great on your heart to help. How do you report a police station? Honest question RE the 114th Precinct in Astoria, who not only blocks the 35th Street sidewalk every day with personal vehicles (something we are used to from the NYPD) but also refuses to shovel the 2-foot-wide strip that they leave for pedestrians to use. Still not clear, and it's Monday night. The worst are vacant buildings and lots. The banks that presumably own this uninhabited property are definitely not sending anyone to shovel. I actually reported someone for not shoveling this morning (it was a business that clearly hadn't shoveled since the big snowstorm, the sidewalk was a disaster). The 311 app is awesome, it's so easy to make reports and they update you when they act on them. Honest question. Who is responsible for shoveling the sidewalk in front of vacant property? I have to walk by a block long chunk of vacant property that is unwalkable after a good snow.  TIL if it stops snowing at 12pm I’m supposed to rush home from work and shovel? What kinda dumb law is that. Damn, I didn't know you could report people. There's a large vacant storefront here in Astoria that never shoveled their sidewalk which gets a lot of foot traffic. If you're renting a place, who is responsible for shoveling? Landlord or the tenant? It may be the law, but it doesn't seem to enforced much in the outer boros. Year after year I see (usually the same) homes and business not clearing their sidewalks.

Reporting them is easy, but does not result in any action being taken, so why bother? 

The law may as well not be on the books given how well it's enforced.

And those that do shovel often don't salt afterwards which is kind of important too! It's ludicrous that our taxes pay for the City to plow streets -- which predominantly carry those who can afford the use of vehicles -- but passes the buck to private citizens to clear sidewalks -- used by every New Yorker who leaves his/her home. 311 does nothing, I've been submitting complaints all week and there are still a ton of uncleared patches in my neighborhood. Thank you! I've been walking to work to not lose my parking spot and nearly broke my neck thanks to a stretch of houses who literally dug a path that was less than a foot wide.   Law does not apply to 1 to 3 family homes. If I do nothing the city is liable. Fuck that as a homeowner in NYC I'm already getting screwed.
http://www.aig.com/content/dam/aig/america-canada/us/documents/brochure/plcb-new-york-city-property-owners-sidewalk-liability.pdf
 I guess this is akin to, here in Texas, people and businesses leaving their lawn sprinklers on when there is a freeze warning. Infuriating.  especially properties on corners of street. the street crossing area/gutters are rarely shoveled I don't think I've ever seen a city with more frequently shoveled sidewalks than NYC. You have to realize that weather goes on 24/7, and you can't expect everything to be recently shoveled the entire fucking time.

It's snow, not lava. Fucking deal with it. What about the corners of crosswalks? Technically that is government property so every landlord around me shovels their side walk, but I have to step through snow inn the sidewalk right before the street crosswalk I walk about 1.5 miles to work every day and generally the only places that haven't shoveled are CITY-OWNED parts (like an overpass, the sidewalk running alongside a bridge, etc) and it drives me crazy.   In Montreal, the city plows sidewalks with small snowplows. Why should only streets get plowed? Most landlords only plow a path as wide as a shovel. Two people can't pass each other. so who's responsible for the sidewalk next to an empty lot Worked outside on a movie during last year's February snowstorm in Manhattan. The amount of people that came up to us asking "Who can I sue when I fall and break my arm?" was ridiculous. One guy would simply not accept the fact that we dont live here and we're not responsible for shoveling people's sidewalks even though our trucks are parked there. He was simply looking for a handout. Oh New York... You sound like an out of town twat. Dump snow on the front porch My neighbor hasn’t done jack on his sidewalk and he lives on the corner. 

I want to report him but he’s definitely mentally unhinged and has caused problems for my family in the past over petty and ridiculous nonsense so it’s not worth it for me IMO.  "Hey asshole, I'm walkin' here!" has never been more fitting. Thank you! I've been walking to work to not lose my parking spot and nearly broke my neck thanks to a stretch of houses who literally dug a path that was less than a foot wide.

 Hey, at least most people do it.

When I lived in Cleveland, no one shoveled their sidewalks. I think there was some quirk in local liability laws that wound up as a disincentive to do so. It's the responsibility of private citizens to maintain public property? Crazy, would hate to be elderly or disabled. First World problems. Here in second world Ohio if you shovel your sidewalk & someone slips you can be sued. But if you make no effort at all you can not. Oh America  Thanks! reported the building next to mine, they never clean their snow.  Highest taxes in the country and the city can't even afford to take care of its own sidewalks, let alone those in front of private residences. I don't mind renting here for now, but I'd rather buy 3 or 4 properties in a city that has its shit together. 

And people wonder why all of the buildings are going to the ultra wealthy and mega developers.  Wow. I'm glad I never owned a house in nyc. The co-op I live on handled it I'm sure. Yeah it's unfortunate, but first time should be a warning followed by a steep fine. Also companies the provide the shoveling service should definitely advertise to new property buyers.  The law is bullshit. If I don't own the sidewalk, it's not my responsibility. If the city owns it, they should take care of it. If I own it, get off my property. Downvote me all you want. There's no reason why I'm responsible for a patch of ground I don't own. Greatest city in the world.  Hey buddy. I pay roughly $9k to the state alone each year. Why can’t any of that go towards shoveling a “public” sidewalk. Talk to your local representatives. State of NY squanders money and is notorious for bullshit programs. If you want to complain, do something that can have an actual impact  Oh please. The city gives us at least 24hrs to shovel the shit. Don't like it? Walk around towards the street like a real New Yorker, lazy transplant.  [deleted] people are so spoiled
 how about the city fucking do it since we pay property taxes.  The city can come shovel all the fucking snow the ows thtow on my drivewsy and sidewalk. 1860: Calling all asshole Republicans and Abolitionists, return escaped slaves.  It's the law. It’s renters responsibility to keep it clear, so get shoveling.  Bitch. My train station, which is a transit hub, never shovels. It's always a godsdamn nightmare.  The Union Square plaza wasn't really shoveled for a day or two.  I'm assuming the city is responsible for the bike lanes too?  Because they're doing a piss-poor job of that as well.  Witness the [7th Ave bike lane](https://i.imgur.com/7q9rZVX.jpg) between 19th and 20th St on my commute in to work this morning.  It's above freezing now and the snow stopped falling *five* days ago, and yet many of the bike lanes still aren't cleared.  This forces us cyclists out into traffic and pisses off drivers. I came here to post about that patch. SPECIFICALLY outside the CAPITAL ONE Bank. What a disgrace, not even safe to walk on. Why would a city not have a procedure for dealing with a predictable and regular problem for 3-4 months of the year? Sure the city I shovel my church every time it snows. The neighbors  sometimes complain when I don't do it on time. It's all volunteer, and I wait til I get off work to do it. Sometimes the geriatric pastor trys to make a path.  It's a lot of sq footage: It's  A corner building - equivalent to a quarter of the block,  the connecting brownstone the church owns (those brownstone stairs !), the street crosswalks. It's a tough job and I still do my own house after that.  Shit, it's the opposite where I am. I live across from a really big Church in Bed-Stuy and they were out with snowblowers during the snowstorm itself. They're the most well-shoveled block in the neighborhood. 

Biggest offenders are empty lots and construction sites here. I also notice that single-family brownstones can be an issue. They seem to think because they don't have tenants, they don't need to shovel in a timely fashion. > The worst offenders I've noticed are CHURCHES

Yep. Second place: City owned properties.  There's a church in my neighborhood that is the only building in the entire neighborhood that doesn't shovel. Thing is, between the church and the connected parking lot, they take up an entire block, all 4 sides being unshoveled. It's ridiculous. 

Also, parks are never shoveled either. I just slipped and busted my hip pretty bad. The offender was a church. I didn't realize this until you said it. I'm in Harlem too and had to change my walk to the subway because of the churches. This is the first year the church on the corner of our block actually shoveled and that's because the actual owner of the building showed up to do it. The best guys are the school across the street from said church. They have snowblowers and clear that whole section out.  !!!! I was just about to say something similar. I was walking to the train today and the amount of slush and dog(?) piss-soaked snow as soon as you crossed over to the nearest church's side walk was impressive. There was an actual clean line cut off where their snow began next to the neighboring three story row house. The kicker is that it *was* shoveled, and I watched them do it... but an 1" thick layer of snow and ice was left on the walk way like it was a decorative touch.  As someone who recently ate shit in front of a church sidewalk because of ice and snow that was not shoveled (and I am an athletic guy), I second this.  In Harlem, churches and banks. Chase & Bank of America are the worst. All the local businesses get their sidewalks cleared right away but the banks have massive storefronts on busy corners and they stay icy for days.  dude, some of the churches by my place in Crown Heights let so much garbage accumulate in their planters. Its nuts. Just have the children of the partitioners clean it after service. Other than having old-ass staff, why would churches of all places be so shitty at clearing their snow regulary? Sanitation dept is.  They hire seasonal labor during snow cleanup. Plus their regular workers (your garbagemen). But they mainly stick to main avenues not side street crosswalks  also a good way to further injure your back.  Im a disabled vet so it isnt as easy as "good exercise".  Maybe the city can come remove the tree that is fucking up my sidewalk too Your councilperson might be useful.

https://council.nyc.gov/find-my-district-widget/ [File a snow complaint](http://www1.nyc.gov/nyc-resources/service/2489/snow-or-ice-on-sidewalks-report). That's terrible, you mean you have to walk on snow?  Banks take care of that stuff, theirs an entire industry that caters to this type of property management. > The banks that presumably own this uninhabited property are definitely not sending anyone to shovel.

How do you know the banks own those properties? So far all you've pointed out is that it's easy to report... Okay; so did the city end up doing anything about it? That's the important bit! There is no such thing as unowned property under capitalism. The requirement has nothing to do with occupancy, but with ownership. The owner of the property, whether a bank or individual, is responsible for having the sidewalk shoveled. You’d have until 4PM, not great but better than immediate. I'm gonna guess this is lax/not enforced for homeowners in residential neighborhoods. Thanks!  Now I have the perfect excuse to work from home next time it snows. One that’s designed to help prevent people from slipping and falling, make it easier for people to travel after a storm, and save the city money. 


Building owners and landlords can contractually obligate their tenants to clear the snow, or they might have property managers who take care of it personally. 


You as a tax payer should like this law. The city saves a ton of money on the front end and the back end because if it didn’t exists people would sue the city for and injuries sustained instead of the buildings insurance. 


 If you own the land, that's part of the responsibilities of owning it. If you can't do it, there are plenty of affordable businesses that you can contract to do it. Snow removal is no different from maintaining your HVAC, boiler, roof  or any other known land owning expense.  You don't have to wait for it to stop snowing before you shovel. Shovel before you go to work. Or pay someone else to.

And if you spend $20 on some salt and spread it beforehand you can usually avoid shoveling altogether.

This is the price you pay for owning a house in a city with sidewalks. Makes perfect sense to me. If you can't do it personally then hire someone. If you can afford to own property anywhere in this city you can pay someone to shovel your sidewalk. Its not unique to NYC. Every municipality has that law. Its about a landowners responsibility to the gerneral public.  4 hours always seemed generous to me, tbh. If I had a cat and knew I was going out of town I'd plan for someone to feed it for me. Same with snow. Also, why is alternate suspended for like 2 weeks any time we get over 6 inches lately? Dig that shit out and move it so the plow can hit the curb. Nah...pay other people to do it  If you have enough money to own land in NYC, you can afford to pay someone else to shovel it if you can't do it yourself. You can also report jerks who park in their "driveway" but really on the sidewalk. Depending on your lease, you could be responsible. However, the odds of this being true are only if you live in a single or two family/split home. Salting is bad for the environment, bad for concrete and metal, and bad for pet dogs. [Consider using an alternative.](http://rocksaltalternatives.com/) (Note: They suggest kitty litter. Don't do that. Clay mining for kitty litters is causing fish extinctions. No, I'm not joking.) You'll be happy they plow when you need an ambulance during a snow storm.

Though I agree, I think my property taxes should cover sidewalk and trash cleanup. It's fucking bullshit that I can get a sanitation ticket for some asshole throwing trash on the sidewalk. City should just clean the sidewalks if they remain uncleaned and then fine the owner > It's ludicrous that our taxes pay for the City to plow streets -- which predominantly carry those who can afford the use of vehicles

It may be by volume, but thats not why they plow. > It's ludicrous that our taxes pay for the City to plow streets -- which predominantly carry those who can afford the use of vehicles -- but passes the buck to private citizens to clear sidewalks -- used by every New Yorker who leaves his/her home.

maybe the city doesn't have the kind of manpower to shovel sidewalks AND plow streets-unless you want to pay more taxes.

oh, and as someone who rides an MTA bus regularly to get to work, i appreciate having the streets plowed, thank you very much. half-assing it like that is often much worse, in the day the sides will melt and at night the middle will turn it ice. You are conflating the responsibility to shovel and maintain the sidewalk with the liability for lack of maintenance. For a city that relies so much on sidewalk activity, you'd think the city would take at least PARTIALLY as active a role in ensuring clear sidewalks as they do for clear roads. "Snow Inn" is right - some of those snow piles are so big they could be their own Bed & Breakfast! ...

The person who owns the lot. Do you think that there are just plots of land that aren't owned by anybody?  I'm sure the three blocks of trucks, lighting equipment, cables, and personnel made the sidewalk a nightmare to walk on during a snowstorm.  It's a pain in the ass dealing with film shoots in normal weather. Usually when there's a film shoot in my neighborhood, the sprawl of trucks and trailers and tables and BS creates conditions that force people to leave the sidewalk, cross mid block etc. If a lot of people were coming up to you with the same complaint... maybe all these people were legitimately pissed about something?? But of course it's NYC so everyone ELSE was the problem, right? No offense to you man but those things are disruptive to the area and are frankly a nightmare to deal with parking changes, crosswalk changes, noise, light and probably a few things I'm not thinking of ATM. Somebody is getting paid for the use of their property but it affects EVERYONE who lives there, and it's shitty. Get a shovel and do it yourself.  That's what real humans do, you should be better than your lazy dickish neighbor. > Crazy, would hate to be elderly or disabled.

"• If you can, look in on and help your neighbors who are elderly, disabled, or otherwise homebound."
under "Snow Removal: Your Responsibilities
A Guide for Homeowners, Property Managers, Businesses & Residents"
https://www1.nyc.gov/assets/dsny/docs/about_snow-removal-responsibilities_0815.pdf

work something out with your neighbor. Source? What city do you think maintains the sidewalks? Chicago, Boston, Minneapolis all require the property owner to maintain the conditions.

How many millions do you think it would cost for the city to hire enough people to shovel the snow? Are these contract guys? What do they do when it isn't snowing, given that this can't be a full time job? The monthly maintenance fee you paid to live in the coop more than covered the cost of hiring people to handle that.  If you own a house in NYC then you're not paying a maintenance fee to someone else, but you should be setting aside a similar budget for things like this.  If you can't afford to pay someone once or twice a year to shovel your sidewalk when you can't do it yourself then you can't afford to own the house. They definitely do.  I never understood that law myself. They might as well make home owners be responsible for the slice of street that is right in front of their property as well.  The law is not unique to NYC. Every municipality has the same law.  Tell that to your court summons when someone slips and falls on the patch of ice on your sidewalk. 

Guess what. Legaly you are responsible. 

Source: father owned a house and a building and the cops love to point out legal issues.  The amount of money it would take to hire public employees to shovel the entire city goes far beyond the $9k you're paying in taxes to the state.

That 9k gives you roads, though, plowed ones. I'm sure you like those. YOU talk to your local representative. It's your responsibility as a landowner to take care of the sidewalk, like it or not. Shut up, fuck off, and go cry about the evil government taking your money/being ineffective with all the other dipshits over in r/Libertarian  Go say that to disabled person's face. Have you ever had to move yourself around in a wheelchair or crutches? Or as a kid, been pushed around in a stroller? What are the disabled and child-stricken supposed to do? Yeah, my grandma is totally spoiled to want to be able to get to the pharmacy or the store, or down to the mailbox to send her gas bill payment.  She should just forge a path over her negligent neighbors sidewalks herself.  What a spoiled brat, amirite? Gripe to your councilperson.  Occasionally representative democracy acts in the interest of the people.  A long-shot, but you never know. Name it. Doing the Good Lord's work there. I's sad because you care about people and the same said people don't care about you or to do it themselves. This is why churches should be paying property tax. Many would be forced out of large corner lots and into smaller more appropriate buildings. Churches are notoriously bad neighbors in NYC.
 You're a great person,you know that? Get an electric snow blower. I bought one two years ago and I wish I had done it sooner. $300 between the blower and a 100 ft 12ga extension cord is totally worth the time and back pain you save. It's almost like this is all anecdotal!

It's the construction sites that are the worst in my neighborhood. They're still not shoveled. Also in Bed Stuy. Churches in my area most definitely not cleared. Empty lots can hardly be held responsible too? Seconding the parks, not even the sidewalks around the parks. Because there is no building next to the sidewalk to warm it up, it’s also always the last spot snow melts.  Same.  [deleted] > old ass-staff

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37) I'll come help dig out your snow. Give me your fucking address.  Get a snow blower then.  Ooh, you are a spicy lad! I don't. I just presume they do.  It really depends on what department it goes to. I've sent a few reports and here's the usual time it took for them to close the report:

1. DEP (Fire Hydrant): <24 hours
2. DOT (Street Light out): <24 hours
3. DOT (Pothole): Open for 2+ years. The pothole was probably fixed, this was just never updated.
4. DOH (Teahaus Restaurant, 5th Ave Brooklyn: Raw chicken was being cut in an area which was not cleaned, then storage containers were put on the raw chicken area before being placed in other places across the restaurant). Complaint has been open for 2+ years but it doesn't matter because the restaurant closed. So I'd need to find out who owns the abandoned parking lot. I can do that. Thanks!  This is correct. You're supposed to shovel 4 hours after it stops. Or if it stops after 9pm, by 11am the next day. The typical shift is 9-5. With a 1 maybe 2 hour commute depending on the person. So to avoid breaking the law, most people would have to leave work before their shift is even over. I should add, I get home at 9pm. For me to get home by 4pm I’d have to leave 5 hours before my shift ends. 

But if the snow stops between 5-8 when most people are either home or on their way home they get a 14 hour window to shovel?

This is really backwards. Depends where you are. Some parts are much more strict than others. Nope, definitely enforced. Dept of Sanitation out in force when they want to get citations. My building gets citations even though we do everything right for garbage and snow. If it wasn't for security cameras backing me up, I'd owe the city thousands by now. Still a waste of time having to go to a hearing just to show them security footage on an ipad and get it dismissed. They've backed off for now at least. Family owns a house in a very residential part of Woodside.  Sanitation drowns them with tickets because they are off an avenue that has an elementary school a few blocks down.  Tons of kids litter throughout the day,  and if my folks miss one bottle, the ticket is on their door without fail I just stay on top of the shoveling. To folks that dont know, salt destroys the pavement and causes heaves.  If it’s still snowing when you do your pre-work shoveling, there’s still going to be several hours worth of snow accumulation that you can apparently still get ticketed for.

The salt will only melt all the snow if there’s only a dusting.  I don't see the big deal in going to the bodega owner and offering $50 to snowblow your shit for a day. Yeah it's kind of steep, but you own the fucking building. Like I'm seeing this sort of post a lot here, do people really think everyone who owns a house is some millionaire with a full-time groundskeeper or something? 


Here's how the average person pays to have their sidewalk shoveled. After a storm sometimes there will be some teenagers walking around who you can ask to shovel your place in exchange for a good sum of cash, about $20-50 depending on snow depth and length of the property. But if I'm at work I can't just call up some kids (who would be in school anyway) and say "hey can you shovel my house, I promise I'll pay when I get home in 8 hours. No bamboozle." I can't call my neighbors either cause they also work. There are professional snow removal services, but they deal with plowing private roads and parking lots and if I call them to hand shovel my sliver of a property the answer will be "yeah, no quit wasting my time."

You're expecting people who live in houses, even if they don't actually own the house, to be able to pay for a service that doesn't even exist. [deleted] [deleted] If you want to be sued by someone who slipped and fell on the ice slick in front of your home, be my guest....

I'll stick to using salt (or, more typically, calcium chloride)  the new thing is to oversalt everything to minimize accidents. Fuck the environment and our crumbling infrastructure, and our lungs.  Totally. I'm not saying the streets shouldn't be cleared but there's no good reason for trusting private citizens to clear a public right-of-way, especially when the enforcement mechanism isn't all that compelling. That was proposed by some idea politician a few years ago.  First, what agency is doing this work? Where will the workers come from?  (Just think how many would be needed to cover all 5 boroughs sidewalks).  For argument's sake:

Bus daily ridership: ~405,000
Sidewalk daily usership: I don't know, probably a good 7,000,000 No, mpauls isn't. The link specifically says the property owner is responsible for keeping sidewalks "in good repair", and the examples include fixing cracked sidewalks. Same thing, legally Hahha I meant “snow on”. The piles are huge! I just need a space to fit my two feet. Lazy landlords! As recently as 2011, yes: http://www.wbal.com/article/91258/3/template-story/See-Video-Scouts-Get-Deed-To-Unclaimed-Land there's quite a few. owner dies, no Will, no Estate. takes the city some time to straighten them out.  Word. Like in the entire history of America, there's actual unsovereign land just chilling. Waiting for someone to make a claim. Yep. I do this for my neighbor. I just rather get it over with make it easier for everyone instead of fighting a battle I prob can't win. I live here? NYC already has a program to pay people part time to shovel snow. I think the city should have a program for this, and just pay for it via property taxes.

https://www.reddit.com/r/nyc/comments/7mvl9i/annual_reminder_if_you_need_cash_this_winter_you/ You missed Toronto in that list. The City clears the vast majority of sidewalks, except the ones its machines physically can't: https://www.toronto.ca/services-payments/streets-parking-transportation/road-maintenance/winter-maintenance/clearing-snow-and-ice-from-your-property/.

NYC could do the same. It is richer than Toronto, and Toronto's taxes aren't particularly high. It makes perfect sense to have the city plough sidewalks to ensure consistent safety and accessibility standards, which are valuable to citizens.  Thanks for this info. I was guessing our super did the shoveling. Relatively new New Yorker, and after spending a couple of weeks back [in the warm] West Coast, didn’t know if I was going to arrive after midnight to a snow packed entrance, sidewalks, etc. Good to know that our co-op dollars are at work.  I know the law. I'm calling the law bullshit. *Especially* the slipping on ice bit. No shit idiot. I’m not single handily claiming to pay NY taxes. NY has such a high tax rate and it’s squandered on programs. Just sit down you don’t deserve to speak with the big boys. And my argument is no, it’s the city’s. If you cared you would be more involved in where my money goes  How much you wanna get the disabled stay home as much as possible and it’s the aholes that call in these reports. It's the expectation that it is other people's responsibility to control the impact of the weather that's funny to me, but yea you can come up with the easiest example to promote your position...  maybe you should run all your grandmas errands then if you're so responsible. Broadway Junction. A, C, J and L stop there as well as five bus lines. Gotta get into Heaven somehow :)

 That would open up so many parking spots. For some reason, all the churches in my neighborhood are on the same side of the street as all the fire hydrants. Good luck finding anywhere to park Monday or Thursday nights. I like this plan. We will finally have enough space for all the Duane Reades and Starbucks we've so desperately needed. Then all non profit organisations would be paying tax too. Shelters, sports leagues, after school programs, etc. Churches don't pay tax because they're a non-profit.  The couple constructions sites in my neighborhood always have been.

Hell, my neighborhood is largely pretty good (with my building being the best, which makes me happy).

The offenders are always the same fuckers though.  Corner houses with bus stops.  They might clear their own stuff, but they NEVER clear the bus stops.  I also don't think the city is doing fuck all with reports currently.  I put in 311 reports the first time it snowed, and currently, nothing's been done. Why shouldn't they be held responsible? For the most part, people own those lots.  > Empty lots can hardly be held responsible too?

Those empty lots likely still have owners, and those owners are responsible.  If someone gets hurt from a fall on bad sidewalk conditions in front of those lots, the owners can be sued the same as the owner of any other property. Yep. I'm still walking on ice/snow to get to the 4 train as it's entrance borders a park. Great stuff. Actually the park is very well shoveled and I travel along it every day where I live. The park near me has the sidewalk all the way around cleared like gangbusters.  I figure the city would take reports of them not being cleared more seriously... ++ That on Parks.  Maybe some indifferent shlubs toss a few shovels of salt from about where they stand at the truck into the park, but that's about it. God forbid they make an effort to go in to the park and clear the paths. Woodside.  you two rock! They're is serious liability in doing so (vacant buildings and lot) without necessary protections.  This should help http://maps.nyc.gov/taxmap/map.htm Good luck. Some of these abandoned properties become overrun with weeds, structurally unsound and save havens for rats and yet the city will take years to even do anything about it. [deleted] It is backwards, so are trash tickets from sanitation when the inspectors check the sidewalks at 2 o'clock in the afternoon and I come home to a ticket because I was unable to intuit that someone littered on the sidewalk in front of my house while I was a work. Nobody says YOU have to do it. Pay someone. > So to avoid breaking the law, most people would have to leave work before their shift is even over. 

some of us (like i did) had a snow day when the storm hit. some people were let go early. some of us would have been at home once the snow stopped anyway. For trash tickets I've been doing the hearing by telephone appointment with a judge.  It's a big time save and every bogus ticket has been dismissed. just an FYI. Well that blows.  ugh. also near school but local sank enforcement much more relaxed tg. Also rips apart dog paws :( You can get some more environmentally friendly "salt"  There are plenty of people who you can contract with in advance to shovel your snow. They charge the same amount as those teenagers, only they're reliable and will show up.

Be a responsible homeowner and figure this shit out. If you're unlikely to be able to manage it, google "nyc snow removal service" and contact one of the literal hundreds of people who will gladly sign up to remove the snow for you all season. They're not professional plowers, they're people in your neighborhood. Handymen, usually. We have plenty of landscaping companies that are happy to shovel if you’re unable to do it yourself.  Also, I bet 95% of the people on this thread did not work last Thursday and were all capable of shoveling themselves (can’t tell me they’d have to leave work early especially if they are business managers who do nothing but manage properties).
 Or you could just shovel it yourself. Anyway its in your benefit. If somebody slips and injures themselves your going to be liable. Spending an hour or so shoveling isn't going to kill you.

Also, he is not wrong. $20-40 shouldn't kill you for a service for your property. If that's the case then any house in the city is likely to eat you alive with heating/taxes/water/sewer and whatever else bullshit the city sends you to pay. That house should be for sale. [deleted] How much is a snow clearing, $20? If you can afford property tax, you can afford to pay some kids to shovel a few yards of sidewalk. It's not like you got some big suburban driveway that needs a plow.  Looks like you didn't bother to read the list of alternatives. 1. Legalize panhandling in Midtown.
2. Require license to panhandle.
3. License costs $500 or 20 hours of paid volunteer work per week, waivers/reductions for physically/mentally disabled.
4. Charge violators $40 an hour.
5. Pay homeless volunteers $18 an hour.

Boom. Sidewalks get shoveled (among other things), homeless get jobs, panhandling in Midtown plummets. But obviously I agree that bus riders need to be taken care of. Yeah... I shelled out about 10k this summer redoing my sidewalk. The curbs are extra expensive because of city regulated cement depth. It really sucks that homeowners are stuck with this. That link covers liability, not the rules regarding shoveling.  They are two separate things.

In other words it appears a homeowner could not shovel, and be in violation of the NYC administrative code, but the city could still be liable in a lawsuit.
 No, as I delineated in this thread, you can still be fined by sanitation. It is an odd situation.  [well](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/021/665/DpQ9YJl.jpg) Then there's nobody paying the property taxes. The man doesn't fuck around when it comes to people not paying their taxes. > owner dies, no Will, no Estate.

There is still an estate. It is still owned by someone/something even at death and the moments after. The Estate is what is owned (e.g. property) by a decedent at death. 
 I have no way to prove this, but I can't imagine the number of properties like that are very high. 

More likely it's an area where the current property values and rental values mean that development doesn't make financial sense for the owner. Until development (or sale for development) makes financial sense, they're just holding on to the property.  There was a patch of unowned land discovered by a Boy Scout Troop a few years ago: http://www.wbal.com/article/91258/3/template-story/See-Video-Scouts-Get-Deed-To-Unclaimed-Land I mean I'd love to read the jurisprudence that says you're not liable if you don't shovel but are liable if you do. Do you have a case I can read about? Note that Toronto doesn't do it outside of the Downtown area. Y'know the area that all of Manhattan basically is, as well as much of Brooklyn. Yes, your $9k is still next to nothing in NYC, and still doesn't allot for how much it would cost to shovel your sidewalk.

Again, it would take an army of daily contractors to do it. Where do you think that should come from?

And yeah, thinking $9k is a "big boy" is hysterical. Then whining about programs. A $9k place in NYC is, at best, middle class, and on the lower end of that. You're one unlucky incident away from being the recipient of those programs. You'd likely still find ways to complain about them, like the people who complain that socialized medicine will steal their medicare. I️ get your frustration and I️ agree their are opportunities for efficiency in local and state gov’t. Still, I️ think it’s reasonable to expect property owners to maintain sidewalks. And, in fact, it is law under the administrative code in NYC and is pretty standard policy in us cities. It doesn’t snow that much here anyway... 
Chances are if the city took on the job it would cost even more than just hiring a local service/guy or doing it yourself. They’d find a way to be less efficient and charge higher taxes or some new fee to property owners. 
Just my 2cents... Why should somebody in a wheelchair HAVE to stay home because some assholes don't want to shovel? [File an NYC 311 complaint](http://www1.nyc.gov/nyc-resources/service/2489/snow-or-ice-on-sidewalks-report).  I just filed one for an unplowed bike lane.  They won't fix it if they're not getting in trouble for it. Poopsicle knows Fuck goin' to Hell. Say what you will about Duane Reade and Starbucks, they shovel their sidewalks. Not true - churches and other religious organizations are treated differently from non-profits. It would be wonderful if religious organizations were held to the same standards as secular organizations that serve the public good. They don’t need to actually prove that they’re a nonprofit and are held to different standards. Look at the mega church “pastors’” income  They should be paying property taxes, for profit or not. Fine the land lords. They are responsible. Hardly any non-profits own anything. Who owns the church grounds -- find them, they aren't hurting for money. If I go and shovel for them, can I please have squatter's rights? http://www.oasisnyc.net/map.aspx if you want to know who ACTUALLY owns vacant buildings and lots (you'd be surprised how much is government owned) As long as they're paying their property tax the city can't be bothered. I got home at 9:30pm on that cold ass night and managed to shovel and salt. My neighbor was out there at 10:30 pm going at it as well. The best time to shovel is right after the snow stops. [deleted] Then you go to court and you plead your case.  Sanitation does this?  What the fuck? It is a revenue grab by the city. Let me find someone while I'm at work to shovel for me My 70 lb dog wears winter boots when it's wet out because of the salt. She looks hilarious. [deleted] [deleted] That's only if you're already at home and can talk to one of the random post storm teens. But the issue here is when the snow stops in the middle of the day when you're at work, so these kids would be in school or commuting home anyway.

If you call a professional ,who'll actually do single family houses, ahead of time or something, that's at least $100+.  [deleted] Just wait until your connection to the sewer main cracks and you have to dig that up because the city doesn't allow sewer line sleeves and there's a tree in the path so you also get to pay an arborist to literally do nothing but sit by the tree the entire time.

It's such bullshit that the city isn't responsible to get clean water to your house and take waste water away. Those are like the two primary jobs of a city just to function at all (along with trash removal) and they make that the home owners problem. That link also specifically says the property owner is responsible for keeping sidewalks "free of snow, ice, dirt, and other materials." It says that in literally the same sentence where it says property owners are responsible for keeping sidewalks "in good repair." Its a question of liability. If a home owner does not touch the snow the city is liable. If an estate has let a property lie vacant for years, you can be sure it has much larger issues then an unshoveled sidewalk. Someone dies while in debt or with a judgement against them that's greater then the value of their assets and you may as well just get in line if you plan on suing them.  on my block, there is 2 vacate buildings that been empty for nearly 2 decades.  I stand (pleasantly) corrected... Brinkman v Ross Ohio Supreme Court 93. Is the first to come up Lol you probably work at Starbucks. You don’t pay taxes or own anything. Shut up and don’t speak  Which bike lane? I'm guessing second avenue? if the MTA owns the property, report it directly to the MTA. 311 will probably refer you there anyway (because the city doesn't run the MTA, am i right?).

i did that a few years ago for my local train station.  Well I mean all the cool people are there dude.  What are the different standards? They are under 501(c)(3) of the tax code, just like any other non-profit.

The difference is that the standards are a bit lower for churches, and they don't have to file form 990. No they're generally also a 501c3 org. You would have to carve churches specifically out of that classification in order to change their tax treatment without affecting anyone else Just like the incomes of executives of the large non-profits too. I work for a non-profit (not religiously affiliated at all) and our CEO earns almost $800k p.a.. I'm not saying that it's right, I'm just saying that churches and other types of non-profits are held to the same standards. 

Salaries aren't profit. Profit it what shareholders get, and churches, shelters, and even those non-profit loan consolidations services you see commercials for, they don't have profits that go to shareholders. They do have salaries that go to employees and sometimes those salaries are too high. It's not just a problem in religious organisations. That'll make it really difficult for already-struggling homeless shelters and food banks. I don't think they should have to pay property taxes, but I do think that donations should not be a tax deduction. The church generally owns it's land and generally has since before that land became expensive. Lots of shelters have their own buildings too (at least one I've volunteered at). Museums have a lot of money, but they're normally non-profit too. [deleted] Yup, every time some idiot litters in front of my house I get a ticket for $125, which I then have to contest.  A few times my tenants have messed up and disposed/recycled incorrectly so I pay those ones, I'm fine with that kind of violation since it keeps the system clean, but when I get fined for what is obviously some asshole who decided to clean out a month of fastfood trash from their car by dumping it at the base of my tree on the curb I get mad. end rant. Got a $100 ticket for a uncovered garbage can at 6:59am  Of course, it just makes me mad that other people who are maybe not as appraised of the law are just paying these without reading them.  Like I try to explain to some of my neighbors sometimes that they can contest the ones that are invalid, but they don't understand.  

To be clear, I do pay all of the ones that are valid, but some of them are so bogus it's infuriating since it's obviously someone filling a quota. Or prearrange for someone to do it. There are plenty of snow removal services. You don't contract with them when it snows, you contract with them at the start of the season and they'll take care of it for you each time it snows.

That way, you contact them to not show up, rather than to show up.  Mine refuses. She whines, wiggles, whines louder, and eventually resorts to gently moving my hands away from her feet with her teeth. If I manage to get the shoes on anyway she refuses to walk, and pulls them off the second I'm no longer holding her. Your telling me you own a property in Nyc and don't have time to shovel for an hour if that? Come on now. That is basic responsibility of owning a property. Don't bring up struggling people for that argument.

Not saying people don't struggle, but $20-40 if you don't want to shovel for an hour isn't going to kill any owners in Nyc, especially if they have the luxury of not doing it themselves. I'll be sure to tell that to the person who slips and falls, or the mail carrier that needs to trudge through the snow you refused to shovel, because you were living outside your means after being fortunate enough to inherit a place to live. 4 hours is plenty reasonable to those walking on the sidewalk.

This is a law that actually errs on the side of the people, not the wealthy, and you're pleading poverty about it. Then bringing up "Stalinist Russia."

Histrionics. It's not like $100, and sorry, if you're a homeowner you have certain responsibilities. This is one of them. There are others.

Think of yourself as a landlord to the sidewalk, and the people crossing the sidewalk are tenants. Your landlord has a lot of responsibilities. If a pipe breaks and he doesn't repair it promptly, there are repercussions. What if he said "I was at work, sorry, I didn't have time to send anyone" as your apartment floods for hours? You put down rock salt before you leave for work. Its not hard.  Get out and meet people in your community. There are tons of people that would do the job happily and on standby. you guys? Funny, only the people agreeing with you that it's too arduous for the individual are saying it should be paid by taxed and performed by the government.

You're insane. Aren't there insurance for the water main or something? I get those brochure all the time. 

I think this is it.

http://www.nyc.gov/html/dep/html/service_line_protection/index.shtml Ergo saying "law does not apply to 1 to 3 family homes" is wrong.  We agree. In the case of liability as I said 50 times already yes the city is civilly liable, regardless of snow touching. However you can still get a fine for not removing the snow which is SEPARATE from civil liability. I'm not going to go around in a circle any more with this.  They have owners. You can look up the owner here: http://maps.nyc.gov/taxmap/map.htm

Here's an example lot that has been vacant for 20 years: https://i.imgur.com/zFWaeXC.png Vacant doesn't mean they don't have owners. Some people play the waiting game on property. It's freaking rampant in Santiago Chile and confused me sooooooo much when I first lived there. What is the address of the vacant lots? 7th Ave at 19th St. The 2nd Ave bike lane is also blocked at the same street. Yes, my link refers to the MTA site for MTA issues. And you won't have to shovel snow. Replied to other comment, but basically lots of religious organizations are clearly for profit, but aren't held to charitable organization standards.

Also (not in my other comment), they get to do political shit, which no 501c is permitted to do. It's appalling. Churches are specifically exempted from requirements that 501c3 orgs are not.

https://www.irs.gov/charities-non-profits/annual-exempt-organization-return-who-must-file They don't need to apply for 501c status - they just automatically get tax-exemption. They have no accountability for doing any public good or reporting their finances. Scientology is considered a religion, so totally exempt. Same with the absurdly paid televangelists like Joel Osteen.

Also, they don't even pay property tax or city tax. But of course if there's a fire, they get the benefits of the fire department, etc.

There's a lot more, but that should be enough I think. > churches and other types of non-profits are held to the same standards.

No they're not. A church literally doesn't have to follow the standards that other non-profits have to. They're a completely separate category that doesn't go through nearly as much scrutiny by the IRS as other non-profits. I could be wrong but I thought non profits had maximum salary caps Like... The entitlement would be pleasant to eat? [deleted] I still have a tire in my backyard some asshole dumped on my sidewalk. I had it on security camera video but 311 made clear it's now my responsibility to dispose of it properly. I assume that means by dumping it in a park or something where the city has to clean it up but I haven't even gotten around to that after 2 years. Put up some signs telling people not to liter or they will face consequences. Signs always scare people. 

I had no clue about the ticket stuff. I stopped littering when I was like 9 or something. I don't let that shit slide with any of my friends. Lmfao where do you people live. The patches of grass/mini trees are littered with nippers and empty glasses of booze every single day all up and down every block. Nobody ever gets fined [deleted] [deleted] No. 4 hours is absurd. It should be a *minimum* of 24 hours before *any* repercussions can happen, and even then there should be exemptions for elderly, disabled, and sick folks, and several other things. You wanna walk to work? Bring a shovel and clear your own damn path. Stop being so entitled to other people's services.  [deleted] Yes I’m on good terms with my neighbors, problem is they all work with long commutes just like me, or are old retirees, some of whom I do shovel for on occasion.

...Unless you’re asking me to go door to door asking strangers “hey is there anyone who’s regularly at home between 9-5?”  The first sentence of the third paragraph says "The law does not apply to one-, two-, or three-family residential properties that are owner occupied and used exclusively for residential purposes." There, I've now spoon-fed the entire document to you. Wow, want's wrong, mommy forgot to call you special.   That's the point. As a homeowner I will not clear the sidewalk of snow. Let the city take the liability. Bah humbug. No data for the vacant building next to mine. They dumped a bunch of furniture and stuff out windows last summer, then left them open and haven’t been seen since. And there’s a broken bough on their tree from Sandy that I’m sure is going to whip through my building’s windows any storm now. City won’t address the problem bc it’s private property. I imagine it could house up to 10 or 15 families if it were fixed up. Shame.  You can thank the people who park too far to the left. A plow can't fit through a lot of it. It's very tight to begin with. I'm not sure about the west side, but I work in the east village and that's why.  perfect! :) Unless it's a new regulation introduced in the Trump era, churches aren't allowed to do political stuff. And even so, political organisations are tax-exempt under 501(c)4, like the NRA, Planned Parenthood, and AARP. Churches are 501(c)3 and I don't know of any legitimate church (Westboro doesn't count) that engages in political activity.

Until fairly recently, my entire career has been in non-profit administration (and I still work for a non-profit, but now in a technical role), so I've had to know what a non-profit can and can't do.

Also, what do you define as "for-profit," because it might not be the same as what the government does. Churches don't give pastors and the board dividends when there are a lot of tithes coming in. Same deal with other nonprofits. Some churches pay their pastors far too much (see: Creflo Dollar or that creepy Texan guy) but those are actual salaries, in the same way that you have a salary at your job, except that yours and mine are too low and theirs may be too high. Source?

Any profit-generating activities a church engages in are taxed - whatever goes above and beyond their operating budget. They are exempted from filing form 990, like I said. People cite Joel Osteen frequently, but he's very much the exception. Most churches are barely paying the bills, and will close if they're forced to pay property tax.

And anyway, they still employ people who pay taxes, just like any other non-profit.

Edit: Also, I'm fairly sure most of Osteen's riches come from his books and extra speaking engagements, rather than from the church he runs. I don't think that's true, but I may be missing something.  Cursory research suggests churches still need 501c3 status: https://www.irs.gov/charities-non-profits/churches-religious-organizations

Otherwise couldn't anyone just claim to be a church and avoid tax?  It doesn't make intuitive sense to me that they wouldn't have to have at least some sort of 501c classification.

edit: I do think you're right though that they're exempt from filing a 990. There is no overall salary cap. The IRS does say that compensation must be "reasonable" but there is no clear definition of what "reasonable" is. There are executives at certain large non-profits that earn 7 figure salaries, and even a few non-profit CEO's who make 8 figures. Tell that to the American Cancer Society, whose COO earned over $2 million in 2016

You can check out their [Form 990](https://www.cancer.org/content/dam/cancer-org/online-documents/en/pdf/policies/irs-form-990-2016.pdf), which every tax-exempt organisation (even churches) is required to fill out, and find out the salaries of all the top paid people.

Contrary to popular belief (which is based on hearsay), Churches are subject to the same regulations as other types of 501(c)3 nonprofit organisations.

Not saying that the high salaries are right, just saying that churches don't have a special status. [deleted] Never had to use crutches or a cane, I see. Ugh, that sucks that that idiot/asshat did that.  I'm sorry that this is now your burden.  

DSNY has safe disposal events throughout the year for items like tires or you can drop off at designated [garages](http://www1.nyc.gov/assets/dsny/about/operations/garage-locations.shtml).  I'm a bit of a hippie so I do the best for waste that I can and I legit think the 2030 zero program is good overall for the city.  If my link isn't working for you  please PM me and I will research a good place for you to recycle near your home so you can get that out of your yard. same situation with random heavy refuse on my property. helps to have a decent relationship with local sanitation supervision. move what you can, anything that's large or bulky, call and explain it's hazardous to dispose alone. You are an excellent human!!!  And so much excellence for also teaching your friends!  Unfortunately it is the burden of the city law where the property owner has the onus of the fine so I would not be able to transfer that to the litterbugs.  I do have signs for no posting/soliciting/menus, but it doesn't stop people from dumping 10 starbucks/dunkin cups on my tree.  Property owners here have the responsibility of not only the sidewalk, but also 18" into the street  [we are responsible for the curb].  The tickets are no joke, and almost never the fault of the owner. uhuh... that's the culture of your hood sadly. the tradeoff for unfair fines is negligence and blight.  > Lmfao where do you people live

Not Jamaica.  IE-places that have reasonable commute times to midtown and are kept clean. Then why are you throwing a fit in r/nyc ? Then you should know "you" doesn't mean you, specifically.

"Retard." You go from whining about the poor property owners to full 11 aggression in no time. You're a joy; your coworkers must love spending the day around you. Why should there be exceptions?

It's about protecting the public from dangerous conditions, not protecting the property owner from inconvenience. If you're sick, elderly, disabled, *pay someone to do it.* It isn't the problem of the dozens of people walking by, in some areas dozens every minute, that you have the flu.  Says the guy who thinks one guy owning a family home is more important than dozens who have to go past that home. No, I mean...I have no idea where you live but I'm positive there are people around you who are open to doing little $20 jobs for you, or hell would welcome the work. It can be nice getting to know the people in your neighborhood and it's always nice to have people who will look out for you. If there are lower-income (read: not rich) people in your neighborhood, most of them are friendly and many would love to shovel your snow for a few bucks. Note it's coming from AIG, an insurance company. It's about liability if someone slips and falls, which is different than the fines being discussed here. That is talking about LIABILITY.  The city can still fine you for not shoveling though.  Two different things.

Here are the full texts of the two relevant sections:

   §  7-210  Liability  of  real  property  owner for failure to maintain
  sidewalk in a reasonably safe condition. a. It shall be the duty of  the
  owner of real property abutting any sidewalk, including, but not limited
  to,  the  intersection  quadrant  for  corner property, to maintain such
  sidewalk in a reasonably safe condition.
    b. Notwithstanding any other provision  of  law,  the  owner  of  real
  property  abutting  any  sidewalk,  including,  but  not limited to, the
  intersection quadrant for corner  property,  shall  be  liable  for  any
  injury  to  property  or  personal  injury, including death, proximately
  caused by the failure of such owner  to  maintain  such  sidewalk  in  a
  reasonably  safe  condition.  Failure  to  maintain  such  sidewalk in a
  reasonably safe condition shall include, but  not  be  limited  to,  the
  negligent  failure to install, construct, reconstruct, repave, repair or
  replace defective sidewalk flags and the  negligent  failure  to  remove
  snow,  ice,  dirt  or other material from the sidewalk. This subdivision
  shall not apply to one-, two- or three-family residential real  property
  that  is  (i)  in  whole  or  in  part,  owner  occupied,  and (ii) used
  exclusively for residential purposes.
    c. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the city shall  not  be
  liable  for  any injury to property or personal injury, including death,
  proximately caused by the failure  to  maintain  sidewalks  (other  than
  sidewalks  abutting one-, two- or three-family residential real property
  that is (i)  in  whole  or  in  part,  owner  occupied,  and  (ii)  used
  exclusively  for  residential  purposes) in a reasonably safe condition.
  This subdivision shall not be construed to apply to the liability of the
  city as a property owner pursuant to subdivision b of this section.
    d. Nothing in this section shall in any way affect the  provisions  of
  this  chapter  or of any other law or rule governing the manner in which
  an action or proceeding against the city  is  commenced,  including  any
  provisions requiring prior notice to the city of defective conditions.

§ 16-123 Removal of snow, ice and dirt from sidewalks; property owners' duties.
   a.   Every owner, lessee, tenant, occupant, or other person, having charge of any building or lot of ground in the city, abutting upon any street where the sidewalk is paved, shall, within four hours after the snow ceases to fall, or after the deposit of any dirt or other material upon such sidewalk, remove the snow or ice, dirt, or other material from the sidewalk and gutter, the time between nine post meridian and seven ante meridian not being included in the above period of four hours. Such removal shall be made before the removal of snow or ice from the roadway by the commissioner or subject to the regulations of such commissioner. In the boroughs of Queens and Staten Island, any owner, lessee, tenant or occupant or other person who has charge of any ground abutting upon any paved street or public place, for a linear distance of five hundred feet or more, shall be considered to have complied with this section, if such person shall have begun to remove the snow or ice from the sidewalk and gutter before the expiration of such four hours and shall continue and complete such removal within a reasonable time.
   b.   In case the snow and ice on the sidewalk shall be frozen so hard that it cannot be removed without injury to the pavement, the owner, lessee, tenant, occupant or other person having charge of any building or lot of ground as aforesaid, may, within the time specified in the preceding subdivision, cause the sidewalk abutting on such premises to be strewed with ashes, sand, sawdust, or some similar suitable material, and shall, as soon thereafter as the weather shall permit, thoroughly clean such sidewalks.
   c.   Reserved.
   d.   Whenever any owner, lessee, tenant, occupant, or other person having charge of any building or lot of ground, abutting upon any street or public place where the sidewalk is paved, shall fail to comply with the provisions of this section, the commissioner may cause such removal to be made.
   e.   The expense of such removal as to each particular lot of ground shall be ascertained and certified by the commissioner to the comptroller, who shall pay the same in the same manner as the expense of removing snow from the streets is paid. Upon the payment of such expense, the comptroller shall deliver a certificate thereof to the council and the amount of such expense shall be added to and made to form a part of the annual taxes of the next ensuing fiscal year against such property, and the same shall be collected in and with and as part of the annual taxes for such fiscal year. The corporation counsel is directed and may sue for and recover the amount of such expense.
   f.   This section shall not be regarded as interfering with the owner of any lots throwing into the roadway of the streets any snow or ice which may be removed from the sidewalk or gutter directly in front of such lot.
   g.   The term "lot" as used in this section shall include a space not to exceed twenty-five feet in width fronting the street upon which the violation is charged to have been permitted, committed or omitted.
   h.   Any person violating the provisions of subdivisions (a) or (b) of this section shall be liable and responsible for a civil penalty of not less than ten dollars nor more than one hundred fifty dollars for the first violation, except that for a second violation of subdivision (a) or (b) within any twelve-month period such person shall be liable for a civil penalty of not less than one hundred fifty dollars nor more than two hundred fifty dollars and for a third or subsequent violation of subdivision (a) or (b) within any twelve-month period such person shall be liable for a civil penalty of not less than two hundred fifty dollars nor more than three hundred fifty dollars.
   i.   In the instance where the notice of violation, appearance ticket or summons is issued for breach of the provisions of this section and sets forth thereon civil penalties only, such process shall be returnable to the environmental control board, which shall have the power to impose the civil penalties hereinabove provided in subdivision h of this section.
   j.   In the event that a violator fails to answer such notice of violation, appearance ticket or summons within the time provided therefor by the rules and regulations of the environmental control board, he or she shall become liable for additional penalties. The additional penalties shall not exceed three hundred fifty dollars for each violation.
(Am. L.L. 2016/149, 12/6/2016, eff. 3/6/2017)
 Sorry the nuance is lost on you.  Look it up here: http://www.oasisnyc.net/map.aspx

Click the Location Report tab on the right side and it should tell you the owner's name. They have smaller snow-clearing equipment; not everything is a full-sized dump truck with plow attachment.  See e.g. [this vehicle](https://smartgrowthamerica.org/app/uploads/nyc-dot-bike-lane-snow.png), and they've also got ones with snowblower-type attachments on the front instead of just a plow. https://www.irs.gov/charities-non-profits/charitable-organizations/exemption-requirements-section-501c3-organizations That's a huge exemption, as is the exemption from property tax, etc. No form 990 means no reporting of the details of the money flow or of political engagement, donations, etc, among other things.

Hold all non-profits to the same standards - that's all. Religious exemption is bullshit.

 I'm a bit confused about what you're yelling about. I don't think you got the joke. Life is hard and full of inconveniences  Thanks yeah 311 gave me these but I think you need a car to get to all the Queens locations and I just never did it. Aka white neighborhoods  Bc 100% of the people in this thread don’t own property.  Check out post history, they’re probably the teens that have to help shovel when their parents make them, that’s why they’re so bitter. Lol right?  “I don’t have money, i just inherited a house!  Y’all are entitled for wanting to walk in front of it!”  This dude sounds super young and i doubt he owns anything. Thank you!  I feel like I'm talking crazy pills... And thats why fines should be percentages, cause clearly the dude could care less about the fine cause its so small. He only cares whether hes liable, cause he can eat the cost easily i guess. The fine should be a percentage such that you are incentivized to behave. Its ok, i realized that Im dealing with a moron You're sort of correct. There are two districts in Manhattan that just started testing out these vehicles recently(midtown and the west village). The smallest truck we have on the east side is a haulster, which is basically a giant pickup truck with a plow and salt spreader attached. It barely fits in that bike lane if everyone parks perfectly, which no one ever does.  No, not for that, your claims that many religious organizations are "clearly for profit" or "get to do political shit".

I'm well aware that they don't need to file form 990. I'm not sure what the rationale for that exemption is, but there's still some accountability. Still, it's a long way from "churches should file form 990" to "churches should pay taxes that other non-profits don't have to."

Frankly, though, lots of churches just don't have it together enough to fill out form 990. Have you looked into dropoff events at city parks?  they happen semi-regularly in most areas and would work without a car as they are mostly popups. Maybe someone will dump the rest of a car on your sidewalk so you can attach the tire to it. Lol thanks You're welcome 