Restriction on new For-Hire Vehicles (Ubers) is in effect as of today This afternoon (August 14, 2018), New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio signed into law changes to local laws governing taxis and for-hire vehicles. Please be aware that two of these changes will take effect today.

New FHV Vehicle Licenses
As of 5:00 PM, TODAY, August 14, 2018, TLC will issue new FHV vehicle licenses only to Wheelchair Accessible Vehicles (WAVs). This one-year pause does NOT impact current FHV vehicle owners; only applicants for a new FHV vehicle license are impacted. The date and time of the Base Affirmation filed for the vehicle will determine if the one-year pause applies: 

• For Base Affirmations submitted BEFORE 5:00 PM today, Tuesday August 14, 2018, the regular FHV vehicle licensing requirements apply. These vehicles are not required to be Wheelchair Accessible.

• For Base Affirmations submitted ON or AFTER 5:00 PM today, Tuesday August 14, 2018, the one-year pause will apply. These vehicles must be Wheelchair Accessible. Bases can submit a Base Affirmation for a new FHV Wav Vehicle license beginning August 23, 2018, following changes the TLC will make as a result of the new law. 

Please note, in certain limited circumstances, TLC will issue a new FHV license to a non-accessible vehicle if the driver has a long-term lease with the option to purchase the vehicle AND the driver has decided to purchase the vehicle. This exception will be decided on a case-by-case basis and drivers will be required to submit documents to TLC demonstrating that they are eligible for this exception. TLC will post this exception process for drivers on the TLC website within the next week.

WAV License Fee Waiver
Beginning at 12:00 AM, August 14, 2018, the license fee for Yellow Taxicabs and FHV vehicles, including FHVs used with a Green Taxi (SHL) permit, will be waived IF the license is used with a Wheelchair Accessible Vehicle (WAV) on the date the application for a new or renewal license is filed. Specifically, the following fee will be waived if a WAV is used:

• Yellow Taxicabs: $550 annual license fee
• FHVs: $275 annual vehicle license fee
All other applicable fees, including vehicle inspection and commercial motor vehicle tax (CMVT) must still be paid.

TLC is currently updating the online licensing system to reflect this change. Until LARS is updated, renewing FHV WAV vehicle licensees must continue to pay the license fee on LARS and TLC will issue a refund. Beginning on August 23, 2018, WAV vehicle owners will not be charged the license fee on LARS. WAV vehicle owners whose license will not expire before August 23, 2018 are encouraged to wait until this day to reapply. 

Please note, no refunds will be issued for applications for a new or renewal WAV license submitted before 12:00 AM August 14, 2018. Keep in mind that this does not affect new Uber drivers from registering on the platform and splitting a vehicle that is already registered and on the road from starting to drive- this only affects new vehicles from being put on the road.

Any predictions on the consequences of this? Good or bad? i'm still reporting to the TLC all uber cars blocking bike lanes, crosswalks, rude aggressive behavior, etc.  the tlc finds the driver guilty at a hearing, the driver pays a fine.   the TLC seems to be the only city agency that's on the side of the public. so now everyone is going to buy wheelchair-accessible cars for Uber Well it'll be interesting how car insurance plays out for the car owners. Considering Uber dumps all responsibility on the owner/drivers. It also can't be great to have a car on the road 24/7.  I predict that Uber/Lyft/etc will raise prices enough that customers complain. They hope the complaints will be directed at the city to reverse the cap but I hope people are smart enough to realize it's Uber's fault, not the city's. But who knows, people do dumb shit all the time. Some heroes file complaints. 

Thanks from those of us without the time to pursue this. What about any of that would indicate that you should otherwise stop?

(Spoiler: nothing. You just wanted to mention it so you could be contrarian in a subreddit that's otherwise pro-Uber and anti-cab. Don't worry, I'll continue to report yellow cans and turn the other way for Ubers. ;)  why would it be uber's fault? >in a subreddit that's otherwise pro-Uber and anti-cab

Thanks to the tireless work of Uber's finest shills They try to pump as many cars out onto the road as they can because there’s such high driver turnover (since they make under minimum wage). Leads to congestion and gridlock  I guess because I use uber to get around in Brooklyn I'm one of their shills >Thanks to the tireless work of-

-the fine high-quality yellow cab drivers who have given themselves such a well deserved shitty reputation. Sorry bud, don't need shills when the competition does such a great job of being absolute horse shit as a service.  but more drivers does lead to lower prices.  and this cap will lead to less drivers and higher uber prices.  so the higher uber prices would be the city's fault. 