Where to Shoot off Model Rockets? I got my daughter an Estes model rocket for her sixth birthday. Are there any good parks around that have an open, flat field with no trees around it that a six year old in a wheelchair can enjoy shooting off a model rocket and then safely chase after it when it lands? I'll be pushing her since it's hard for her to move around on the grass, but still, steep terrain is bad either way. Thanks for the assistance! When I was younger, I did mine in Tranquility Soccer Fields off of 120th and Maple.  I don't recall many trees at all.  Its been multiple years, so things could have changed. A couple years ago we shot off at [Rockbrook Park](https://maps.google.com/maps?ie=UTF-8&q=rockbrook+park+omaha&fb=1&gl=us&hq=rockbrook+park&hnear=0x87938dc8b50cfced:0x46424d4fae37b604,Omaha,+NE&cid=0,0,11823243453181970178&ei=eNPeUaPvIYSYygGbnIGADg&ved=0CJ8BEPwSMAM)

It's off of center between 120th and 96th on the south side. As far as Omaha proper, I'm not sure.  But two summers ago I launched model rockets with my nieces at Papillion-LaVista South High around 108th and Highway 370.  If you find it on Google maps, look at the area south of the tennis courts and east/southeast of the football field.  That's where we went and didn't have any problems.  Just make sure to account for the wind and you should be okay! I saw some people shooting some off just the other day in the field just about 1 or 2 blocks south of 96th and Cornhusker.   I used to set them off on the soccer fields at Wehrspan (Chalco Hills, 144th and Giles.) It is a pretty wide open area there with parking right there at the field. Standing Bear Lake Park has a wide open area that's used for flying RC Airplanes that should work fine for this. Lewis and Clark Jr. High's lower area near 72nd street. we used to do that at Norris back in the day, no idea if its cool these days. Rockbrook would be awesome. It's close enough to my apartment that we could walk there. I'll scout it out. > between 120th and 96th

That park must be HUGE!
 Rockbrook is iffy for rockets.  There are trees on the south side of the park as well as playground equipment. The best place would be the baseball field but that's a pretty small area and there are trees on the north side of that. Not enough room in general in my opinion. Not to mention, the park lies between two pretty big hills on either side so for your needs, this might not be the ideal place.  Well we launched actual tickets from there :) I think we did ours in the outfield. My son was either 6 or 7 (so roughly the same age.) It depends on the engines used.  We got 1 or 2 good launches before the chute didn't deploy and it took a hard dive into the ground breaking the cone and ending our day. Aww bummer! Yeah you're right though it depends on the engine. You might be fine if it's a smaller one.  