The Mark.....I am boycotting....no respect for the disabled Everyone,

I have a disabled daughter who is in a wheelchair. I visited the Mark last weekend. We forgot the disabled permit so I parked in the far back part of the lot so we could get my daughter out of the van (Full size van with a lift). We had a great time bowling. As we were leaving, a woman had parked in disabled parking area. She didn't park in a disabled spot. Instead, she parked on the hashed out area in front of a ramp. My timing happened to be that as I was driving out, she had just arrived.

I saw how she was parked and assumed she was just clueless. As she got out of her car, I mentioned that she needed to move as she was blocking the disabled parking and the ramp. She told me to mind my own business. I then noticed she was wearing a company shirt for the Mark. I asked her again to please move as disabled people would not be able to park, or get up the ramp.

Again, she ignored me. So, I parked the car and went inside to complain to management to only find out that she was part of management or ownership. What a disappointment. She apparently feels entitled to park in the disabled section even if she doesn't have a disabled hanging tag. I tried to contact OPD, but apparently, they no longer ticket for parking in a disabled spot. The responsibility for ticketing these individuals has fallen to a volunteer force which is nearly impossible to contact.

Please think the next time you park in a disabled spot. They are there for a special reason. My daughter loves to get into the community but it makes it hard to do when people act this way. And to find out that  I just emailed them and said I would never use their facility and plan on posting a note on Facebook. I would urge everyone to send an email too info@markomaha.com.  In this day and age, using our buying power is the only thing that will force insensitive people to wake up.

Just got a reply back from the manager: Did this happen today? Can you describe he manager. I only have one female manager and her father just passed away so she has been out. I'm in Florida with my own family emergency. I want to find out who this was and get to the bottom of this asap. Also, which side of the entrance, approximate time. My mom had multiple sclerosis and i use to drive her everywhere. I understand the challenges of maneuvering in parking lots. 
Please let me know so I can get to the bottom of this and correct this. 
Thanks 

[manager] I'm sorry you had to experience that. There are a lot of inconsiderate people in this world.

As the police were not helpful, you could consider an ADA complaint to the city: https://humanrights.cityofomaha.org/ada/ada-forms 

Edit: typo http://fox42kptm.com/news/local/illegal-handicap-parking-on-the-rise-mom-says-stop Sorry to hear about this.  I've never been there before, and now I never will. Are you a time traveling pilgrim that owns a minivan?   Don't you pilgrims have phones?   with cameras in them?   Take a picture next time, I will Rable Rable with the best of them, if this really happened.  This really looks just like an attention grab to nag folks.   One dumb employee isn't enough to make me want to boycott. Sorry this happened to you.  I've always thought the side ramp on handicap vans should have the capability to crush cars that were in the ramp clearance area.  Yikes. That is crazy.

Not only taking a space reserved for people who need the extra room, but then being rude to someone that actually needed it.

Shameful.

If that's how their leadership acts, I can't imagine their staff is any better.

Good to know. We just had a company outing there recently (holiday). Wasn't impressed. Even less so now.  I understand your position, but did you consider there may be circumstances that you don't know about? 

You are free to boycott who you like though, regardless.  She was a bitch, but why did you continue? It sounds like you just like to complain.  Need to edit your message and remove the address/phone number - it's against Reddit's rules. You can send that info to OP via a PM. Op not responding sounds like he/she made this story up. Just want to point out, OP did say that this happened last weekend. It still might be the female manager who is not there this weekend.  Yes. I did consider that. But if they had an issue they could have parked in a disabled spot. Instead, they parked in the striped section....in front of the ramp. If she had issues, I would be surprised that she would block herself from using the ramp. 

And her reply that it was not illegal to park in the striped secti9n suggested that she knew it was wrong, but didn't care. As I stated, I didn't have the permit so I parked far away to make sure I could get out. I am convinced she was lazy and entitled. Only she will ever know. There are no "circumstances that you don't know about". If you park in any part of a handicapped spot and you do not have a handicap, you are an asshole.

(Being an asshole isn't a handicap) Because he was standing up for people with disabilities including his own daughter? Or maybe OP isn't on Reddit all day? He addressed the issue and then wanted to get that employee in trouble because he couldn't control her. She is a bitch for doing it, but OP had nothing better to do. The world is not better because of his actions. That's the cold hard truth.  Talking to management *is* addressing the issue. If no one calls people out for bad behavior where would we be as a civilization?  You really have no fucking clue what you're talking about, do you? 