Why are there handicapped spots in the cell phone waiting lot at PHL? Nobody is getting out of their cars to go anywhere. It baffles me every time I see them. Also the fact that people STILL pull over on the side of the ramps to wait. Can anyone explain to me what advantage there is to doing this?  The Americans with Disabilities Act specifies that all parking lots must have handicapped parking, the number of required spots depends on how many total spots there are. Doesn't matter what the lot is used for, it's still the law. Are they in close proximity to the arrival signs?  Probably for the same reason that they have Braille on drive through ATMs. The same reason that backcountry huts in the mountains are required to have wheelchair accessible ramps. 5 miles and 2000' vertical over rocks and stream crossings etc and they have to have a concrete wheelchair ramp and railing. Because sometimes a handicap person may need to get out of a vehicle in the lot for one reason or another, and it's good to provide the handicap-size loading buffer that a van with a wheelchair requires. Who gives a fuck? Seriously, does it effect anything? WHY IS THIS EVEN AN ISSUE?! The wawa around the corner is a better spot to wait anyway. I used to wait at the waiting lot and have a smoke but the wawa has food, bathrooms, and milfy flight attendants on their way to the employee parking. The cops will ticket the fools who pull over on the ramps if they see them. But nobody is parking. So how can it be considered a parking lot?  Why does that matter?  With Braille drive up ATMs the blind user sits behind the driver & they pull up a little further so they can use it from the backseat.  I assume that's because there's one standard keyboard for all of their atms, which would not apply to parking lots That actually makes some sense if you think about it. The company that makes the machines already has all the equipment to make the braille. They aren't going to go out of their way and redesign the machine and the entire manufacturing process just to get rid of it.  WHY ARE WE YELLING?!?

The handicapped spots aren't really. Just something I have always wondered about. 

The people stopping on the shoulder however are creating a safety hazard.  Shhhhhh! I like my secret waiting lot! Does it have lines painted on the ground designating spots for automobiles to remain motionless? Yes? Then it's a fucking parking lot. In theory someone could have a handicap preventing them from seeing one of those signs, or getting out of their car to do so. I'm not saying such a person should necessarily be driving in the first place, but that's all I got. Anyway, I looked and it turns out the spots aren't anywhere near one of the arrivals boards. [Google Map](http://imgur.com/IjtkdDM)  I AM MORE CONCERNED WITH MY PENSION.  No, it's a standing lot. What destination would those spots have to be closest to anyway? It is completely arbitrary. I hate stupid bureaucratic shit like this.  