This PECO pole has been awaiting installation for almost 2 months, just chillin on the sidewalk... Does it normally take this long?  *Not complaining though. I thoroughly enjoy acting like a child and walking across the top of it like a balancing beam. Based on the label, it should be installed February, 2045 Call your state legislators and ask them to reach out to PECO. It’s possible some contractor dropped the ball. Regardless it’s a hazard to the public and may be an ADA issue as well, they should resolve it quickly or at least give you a response.  Lol, there's been one on my block for at least two years. They even delivered a new one a couple months back, and then installed it a month or so later. The old one just sat there the whole time... There’s been one outside my apartment for like 2 weeks now too. Peco has a subcontractor that handles this and they leave them around and sometimes they end up not using them. I used to have the guys number that’s responsible for grabbing this but I think I lost it List it on Craigslist.  It's gotta be worth something to someone  This is creepy, I was parked exactly where you took this photo until an hour ago. Is this on Green street?

We had one for an entire year like this Why don’t you call the number on the sticker and ask? So, best guess, they are waiting for the other people who lease space on the pole from Peco to come out and confirm they are clear. I'd guess it's likes mix of Comcast, Fios, and when the Peco crew with the correct equipment can all get thier shit together. Sorta like why the roads take forever to repave. Seems kinda dangerous to have it sitting in the middle of the sidewalk like that. What if someone got out of their car without looking down and fell on it? I can tell you I had a similar problem and it took 18 months and some 78 calls to get it fixed.

At your rate of 0 calls a year you should have it fixed in...  Someone needs to yarn bomb that jawn.  Just call PECO, dude. 10 minutes of your time Cut it up and use it for firewood.  There's also a PECO number on the pole in the photo. I doubt that would get you anywhere though. God damnit. That's a compelling argument.

I'll call this afternoon. Fuckin PECO.... This does not bode well for my situation. Nice, so we might have a permanent log installation?

Sweeeeeeeeeeeeet "Pick up only." Hey neighbor!  Nah one of the side streets in Fishtown, off Girard Ave I saw this post and thought it was the green street log... that thing has been there forever.  I try to limit my calls to PECO to about 0 a year. Comcast, Fios, and Peco.... Aka the perfect storm of ineptitude? I was going to say that the one in front of my apartment means you now can't take a wheelchair down the sidewalk but now I'm worried about how you're exiting vehicles.  While it's not the end of the world... it's deff not convenient. 

Creates a little bottleneck when one stroller goes through and bikes/runners/etc. are trying to pass through. Imagine wheelchairs would be a tight fit too. not that it's voids any inconvenience but there is a flashing construction light attached to it. Only 78 more calls to go! Ha, you'd really make a pretty terrible fire. I'd imagine the fumes wouldn't be good for you considering those things are soaked in all sorts of chemical to make them rot resistant. But my only tool is a dull hand saw...

Challenge accepted. But the kids love playing on it, so there's that.  Yeah maybe. If you see a truck with a bunch of these logs on it, get the guy’s attention and ask for his boss’s number. It’s not a big deal for them to pick it up but there’s so many of them around town, I don’t think they know where all the logs are 311 Illegal Dumping Of PECO, PWD, and PGW, PECO is the best of the three to have to contact Your call is important to















Us Then don’t ask stupid questions if there’s a way to answer them.  Yeah the pole is like an apartment building and trying to renovate the place with all the different tenants. Heck there could even be SEPTA, etc additionally on the pole as well. Why? It's not like passengers in your car would *ever* swing the door open super hard without looking...

/s Kenzo Raging Fire, Pt. 2 'Pressure treated' Not saying much... but you are right. But why should I call a company that can answer my question directly when I could instead ask random internet strangers instead? True; although there’s no pressure to get it installed apparently. Because they’ll have the right answer. Random Joe Blow is possibly talking out their ass crack.  OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH You guys enjoying your hater circle jerk down here? 