Passengers, not SEPTA bus driver, blocked rider in wheelchair, video shows  Sounds like many everyday SEPTA riders, so while I'm not surprised, this is still very sad It's more complicated than it sounds: 

>SEPTA's policy is designed, in part, to protect people whose disabilities aren't visible at a glance, officials said. A bus driver should not decide based on appearances who has a right to designated spaces.

Sounds like SEPTA (understandably) wants to avoid a circumstance where the driver forces the person sitting in the wheelchair accessible seat to move (to make way for a wheelchair), only later to discover that person also had a legitimate disability.

Although the most likely scenario is that person #4 was just a dick. 

Also, lots of respect for the students who got off to wait with Sabel in solidarity. Good kids, the lot of 'em.  Well, the article seems to indicate that it was a single passenger, which makes me feel better that it was only one selfish asshole, rather than multiple selfish assholes. It's also possible that the one person was disabled themselves.  Worst part about my city: a majority of its people. I saw the good everyday, hard not to with so many glaring examples of the opposite fucking up life for everyone any chance they got. I've taken the liberty of creating an archive link to get around Philly.com's paywall.  You can access the archive using the following address: http://archive.is/Cyjz3.

(If you would like to support Philly.com financially, consider these options: https://checkout.philly.com/.) Better bus design and better frequency would have have made this a non issue. nobody likes us and it's abundantly clear why! Another signal of social disintegration. Septa is awful This story is shit until I’m told person #4 is not disabled  Seems like a real jerk.  If you read towards the end of the article they mention a Paris bus that was in a similar situation. The driver of that bus made everyone get of the bus and then drove off with just the person in the wheelchair. Pretty funny.  > Well, the article seems to indicate that it was a single passenger, which makes me feel better that it was only one selfish asshole, rather than multiple selfish assholes.

I know what I'd do: if I had a seat, I'd offer it to that person.

But I'ma go ahead and speak for myself. Not sure why you are getting downvoted. Sometimes stereotypes exist for a reason. For as great as philly is, there are definitely a lot of trash people ruining it.  It's not just Philly, this whole country is suffering from a surplus of shitheads.

After spending a bunch of time overseas, I am floored by how shitty people in this country are. Nobody has compassion or sympathy. We're a bunch of regressive fucks who care more about getting our tiny, insignificant piece of the pie than caring about anyone or anything else. That toxic 'well, everyone else is being a slob so what's the difference if I am too' mentality. A generation of selfish and entitled boomers is ruining this country with their greed and paranoia and have passed their fucked up morals onto the future generations.  Worth considering. How would bus design help? Unless by 'bus design's you mean not putting fold down seats there, and towing around dead weight that almost always goes unused  If misanthropic assholes were a recent phenomenon, Shakespeare would have had nothing to write about.  It’s clear you didn’t read the article but for fuck’s sake, did you even read the headline? If you're still around when I come back in 2020, beers on me at Oscar's. >Absolutely, goddamn right.
- Cpt. Willard, *Apocalypse Now* The buses in Paris look like this. You can fit an entire family of wheelchairs

https://soundlandscapes.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/02.jpg  and socrates would have had no reason to go around Athens annoyingly asking everyone "what is justice?" "what is virtue?"!! I’m stating a fact. Do you disagree? You're stating an opinion that is irrelevant to the article. That's why you are getting downvoted. 