Woman in wheelchair barred from boarding SEPTA bus  Someone should of smacked the 3 people that wouldn't move  And we want people not to throw their wrappers on the ground.   > SEPTA officials acknowledged that a bus driver did not allow Sabel on the bus, but said people were blocking the area where a wheelchair could be secured and they refused to move. There was already a passenger in a wheelchair on the bus, and there were four people in four seats that needed to be vacated to make space for a wheelchair. Three of those people would not move after being asked by the driver.

I'd like to see video from inside the bus. What kind of shitty person refuses to move? I've taken the liberty of creating an archive link to get around Philly.com's paywall.  You can access the archive using the following address: http://archive.is/qp5Nk.

(If you would like to support Philly.com financially, consider these options: https://checkout.philly.com/.) I saw this happen to another person in a wheelchair a few weeks ago (I called and reported it). In my case, the driver did not ask anyone to move. I think setting up the wheelchair spot is a pain for drivers and they’d rather discriminate against disabled customers than take a minute to help them.  *should have. But you're right. Have you ridden SEPTA? I’ve seen people on crutches struggling to stand while people perfectly capable of standing sat there and stared at their phones or stood in the aisle at the front blocking access to empty seats at the back. The drivers can’t force people not to be assholes, but they should at least be more aggressive about it. >What kind of shitty person refuses to move?

The average Philadelphian lifer. To counter this, I saw a driver tell someone who’d just sat down to move to make room for a wheelchair on Saturday and made sure they knew where the person was going ahead of time so they could make sure to pull to the curb. I think this is unfortunately very common. Drivers don't want to be bothered taking the time to do it, asking people to make, and slowing everyone else down. I always mess that up, nice save. Give the riders the option to either move or get off the bus. I've seen a driver flag a cop down and have a rider removed for less. Depends on the driver though. I ride SEPTA everyday thanks.

I've seen people act shitty and do this on the bus, and the rest of the people on the bus publicly shame them and yell at them to move. Sometimes it works. My favorite are the people just stare at the person like they know they should probably move but don’t feel like it and want that person to know it.  Yeah, I should have specified "some" drivers. I ride the bus daily and usually have a good driver. But I've heard way too many anecdotes about buses being "too crowded" for people in wheelchairs.  Yeah I've seen this happen pretty often. I've never seen it be a problem with the driver asking people to move either. I guess shout out to the drivers on Bus 17! I think the best answer is to give people with wheelchairs free rides by taxi, uber, or lyft. They would get better (door to door) service and the bus system wouldn't be slowed down as much. Its a win for everyone.  You know you can edit comments, right? This isn't Twitter. What if they are handicapped ? Not all handicaps are noticeable  I think every single Uber and Lyft I've been in have absolutely no way to handle a wheelchair. There is already a separate transit system for the disabled (CCT connect). But the law has declared that making buses wheelchair accessible is a reasonable accommodation, which I agree with. I live with my mistakes The person informs the driver of that and he finds them an adjacent seat. I’d your handicap doesn’t impair your ability to move your seat for someone in a wheelchair then it doesn’t matter if you’re disabled in this scenario. Someone with chron’s disease can stand for someone in a wheelchair.  You can select wheelchair access. The reason YOU haven't seen them is because they get allocated to wheelchair users before non wheelchair users.  CCT sucks, it's is more expensive and you have to plan ahead as they don't provide same day service. CCT connect lacks the flexibility and on-demand service uber/lyft and taxis would provide. If the service really met the needs of the disabled, we wouldn't see as much use on regular buses. 

I don't think we should eliminate wheelchair accessibility for buses but we should provide better options that will ultimately reduce use of the buses. CCT is not enough. Not according to septa policy  I'll tell that to my  missing toes Uber used to have a premium for wheelchairs before they got sued about it. TIL Totally agreed. At this point, we're just duplicating something the private market has figured out how to do better (not just cheaper, but actually better). 

Although, I think it's reasonable that handicapped riders should have to pay standard septa fare per ride.  Didn't care to cite or link the policy? Do you talk to your remaining toes too? As is right. Yea, I'm fine with them paying the standard fare.  I actually read the article. Try it for yourself Only ones I can do the piggy poem with That they were shitty enough to charge more or that they got sued for being shitty enough to charge more? Guilty. Often, I prefer the tl;dr that I get from the comments to be honest.  Who are you missing: market, stayed home, roast beef, none, or wee wee? > that they got sued

ADA, mofos. Can't disrupt the feds.  Every one on my left foot only have the right left But... but my free market!!! 