What are some things to do, with mobility issues in Phoenix. My wife and I are trying to break out and do something else than go to the casino on date afternoons/nights without the kids. The problem is, I have a severe back injury and can’t walk more than 500 feet without taking a rest, so our options are extremely limited. 

What are some mobility-limited-friendly fun stuff to do around Glendale/Phoenix?

We love gaming and gambling, almost thinking something like an arcade-bar or something. 

Going out tomorrow afternoon and can’t think of a single thing to do. Not really interested in the movies that are out. Don’t want to do a museum or anything requiring a lot walking.

I know it’s not a lot to go off of, but I appreciate your suggestions!! Would it be feasible/comfortable for you to use a loaner or rental wheelchair at Heard Museum, Phoenix Art Museum, Science Center? (Could you carry a memory foam pillow in a tote bag to help the chairs be more comfortable? A friend does this and it’s so helpful for her comfort!) Not sure if MIM has loaners but it’s very accessible. There is a Play Live Nation at Arrowhead Mall. It’s a video game arcade. 

I personally like Funkatronic Rex on Northern, east of 12th St. They have every kind of board game, free to play. It’s a fun atmosphere too, great people. 

Glow Golf at PV Mall isn’t a lot of walking and they have folding chairs you can take with you through the indoor course. 

The Arizona American Italian club has bingo tonight. It’s located off 12th St. south of Northern. 

Check out a trivia night. Events happen all over town at restaurants all week long. 

Go karaoke, bowling, or to Dave and Busters. 

Stand up is huge here in the valley. It’s not gaming, but a break from the norm.  Take in a baseball game? Yeah I was going to say science center! The planetarium shows you sit down for. I'm almost thirty and I still love going! Art museum is free one night of the week. Rock and mineral museum is dope too! But, lots of walking. A scooter or wheelchair might be your best bet. Saguaro lake has a paddlewheel boat tour, but right now it's probably very uncomfortable. Jeep tours around the valley are fun. Imax at Az mills mall has some different types of movies. Top golf is fun! And there are chairs as well as good food and drinks, get another couple to go with you. Indoor cart racing is seated. Hot air balloon rides in carefree. Gun Shooting sessions at Scottsdale Gun club and probably CTR firearms. The horse derby on bell and 7th? Theres a new soccer stadium in tempe. Cobra arcade bar.  Freezers ice house and bullshooters for pool halls, to play billiards..... All i can think of for now
 