Are there any good places for Handicapped people to socialize? Hellos!
I've been wheelchair bound for the last 2.5 years, and I pretty much lost all my "friends" during the period. So I been home alone since I got sick, and it's making me depressed. I really want to socialize again, and make new friends. Anyone have any ideas? Abil is like a rec center for people with handicaps so you can play basketball, swim, etc. with easier alternatives. It's right off the lightrail route, too. Would help if you listed some interests or helped us to make suggestions other than a generic bar. not trying to pry into your life, but have you tried any of the support groups for what's going on with you?  Well I am not sure your interests, but one of my favorite places around is the Mesa Arts Center.  I have taken many classes there, and plan on taking up ceramics again soon.  They have stuff like blacksmithing, glass blowing, jewelry making, painting, and ceramics too of course, the list just goes on.  The facility is handicapped friendly, and instructors are fantastic.  Just because you're in a wheelchair doesn't preclude you to handicapped only groups, there are many activities that are perfect for those who need more accessibility.  http://www.mesaartscenter.com/index.php for more info I wish you the best!  Also, if I may be able to help you get started, transportation or whatever, just send me a private message. Maybe check meetup.com for a group of folks in similar situations?  SpoFit is a gym/rec center on Washington and about 48th street. They have tons of social and fitness activities. My son is there tonight playing basketball. There's a game night frequently and a SCUBA certification class starting this spring (just to give you an idea of the range of activities they offer).  How old are you?
What are you interested in?
 Able body friends can really suck when you go from able to disabled/ill. Sorry you are having a hard time of things. SpoFit is awesome! The Disability Empowerment Center in front of that facility might have some tips for you as well. They are great at pointing you in the right direction. Adding a handrail in a bathroom does not accessible make. Some people just don't get it, but there are places here that do. Abil? I will look into that as well. If I can't find any info I will PM you. Anything really, I'm open to anything. A wheel chair accessible bar. That's awesome! I never heard of that place. I will give it a try thanks! I'll check that out, thanks :). Yah I been there before, it's an amazing place! Thanks for the input :). I want to second this suggestion. One of my friends is in a wheelchair, and he has gotten to meet some awesome people at SpoFit, including members of the US Olympic murderball team. I am 30 atm...uhm, anything really. I used to be a really social person before I became handicapped. I really just can't do anything physically. I still enjoy shows, food, comedys, learning?, lol anything really. Yah, it's a very beautiful place as well. Hey I was wondering if you were able to find info on abil? If not I can link you!! Post it up :D!  