I'm in need of a care taker. Hello!

My wedding is coming up in October and my fiance's mother is in a caring home in Greensburg. We need to find somebody to pick her up, bring her to the wedding, hang out with her for the day, and take her home. I have no idea where to start...

Her caring home will only provide services if it is a medical necessity for her. They wouldn't even take her to her sisters funeral, so we have to hire somebody outside of her home.

She needs help going to the restroom, getting food, things like that. She's in her 50's, and wheelchair bound. 

If anybody has any ideas for me I would appreciate it. We're on a little bit of a budget, so I'm also trying to be aware of that while looking. Thanks!

edit: the wedding is in South Park. This might be a stretch, but would you be able to have a family member get her to the wedding, and then hire a home health aide to tend to her during the day?  Out of pocket it would be a bit pricey, but Home Health Aides can run anywhere from 17 to 30 bucks an hour.  If she needs to have a Nurse, it's a lot more expensive (ie if she has seizure precautions *edit* or needs like Diastat).  If she does have to have a nurse, you won't be able to have a home health aide with her and would need a nurse on hand.   I'll pass this along to my GF. She is an aid by day and does care on the side. We live in South Park. I don't think that she will help your transportation issue though. When I nannyed, I found all of my families on care.com. You can use it for any kind of care taking, you just have to change your search parameters and find the right fit- good luck searching! Hey! I live near Greensburg and would be able to help out as long as it's on a weekend. Feel free to pm me if needed My mom does this sort of work, and accompanied a woman she was caring for last year to a wedding. She is not certified for anything medicalwise but would be able to provide references. I'm not sure about transportation, as she does have a van but it is not wheelchair accessible. We are in the south hills so fairly close to south park. I can ask her if she is interested, it would depend on the date and such but she has done this before.

Also, I have heard success on care.com as a few others have mentioned. Thanks! I'll see if my fiance can text her and ask her if she knows specifically what she needs. We've asked his family to drive her but most have kind of shrugged it off. I plan to ask again though. We might be able to cover transportation if we can talk one of her family members in to driving her, but we will still need somebody to assist her for a few hours. Lots of good food will also be provided to whomever helps out haha. I have some of the wedding party looking in to it too, but as always I'm open for any help. 

Thank you for passing this along! Thanks!
 Thanks! i'll keep everyone posted. I'm willing to drive her, but am not qualified for the care taking part. Does she need a handicapped accessible van? I could borrow one of so. I second care.com.  She has two wheelchairs. One folds up, and one doesn't so it's really not an extreme necessity to have handicapped vehicles, but it would be easier. I'm going to have my fiance get in touch with his family today to see if anyone can drive her 