Where should I drop off care packages to the homeless/needy? I’ve put some winter care packages together for the homeless, thanks to inspiration from u/toolatetobeoriginal, who has done a great job with this already. I want to continue what she started because it’s a thoughtful initiative, especially with all the cold weather lately. I’ve never done this before, and I need some suggestions as to where to drop these off where they’d be helpful the most.

Does anyone have any suggestions as to where I could drop off these care packages? Even if it’s a homeless person you see on your walk to work every day – that’s what I’m looking for. I want to make sure that these get to those who really need them.

Thanks! One sits at the end of the Birmingham bridge on the ramp onto Forbes pretty consistently  If someone is alright with driving you around, you should try looking around the bridges. It's helpful to cover a lot of ground, because walking won't get you to help many people.

Also, you're doing something very kind. You should be proud of yourself. The intersections in Robinson seem to have a lot of people in need lately.  Specifically the ones by the off ramp near ikea Catholic Charities downtown (Liberty and 10th) has a Welcome Center that many people who are homeless frequent, to get warm clothes, use the bathroom, and get on the computer. They will very often take things like care packages from community members like you and just leave them out for people to take! Paging /u/pghparagliding  Just be aware that people will still try to take advantage of you. I've seen the one legged man at this intersection get off the bus in the morning with two legs... Are you joking or did he have a prosthetic and then took it off? It’s possible even if it’s a joke. When I worked downtown, I would take the bus and I remember seeing a young guy in a wheelchair on the last bit of grass before you hit Ft Pitt tunnel daily. One day while waiting, I seen someone skateboarding and then running and really thought nothing of it. After when I got on the bus and started heading toward the tunnel, I seen him pulling the wheelchair from his hiding spot and setting up shop. I lost faith that day I don't remember if it was a prosthetic or not, but I want to say that it wasn't. I remember watching him and a friend get off the bus and him walking completely normally, although he was carrying crutches... which I thought was odd. Then I saw him later in the day hobbling around on one leg. 