Accommodations near UPMC Shadyside I will be travelling to Pittsburgh next week (Wednesday-Thursday at least), and am trying to figure out where the best place to stay is. I have an appointment with a neurosurgeon at UPMC Shadyside so somewhere in that area is preferable, but not essential. At this point, I only have an appointment scheduled but there is a good chance that I'll get scheduled for surgery while there and end up staying 2 or 3 weeks (either my mom or husband will be there so even if I'm admitted to the hospital, they'll need a place to stay).

I was in Pittsburgh a few weeks ago for a different appointment for a week and stayed at a Marriott Courtyard because I had points that covered a week's stay there, but those are gone now and I'm trying to find somewhere a little bit less expensive.

If anyone knows of a good, not-too-expensive suite-style hotel/inn (or even just a regular one), I'd really appreciate hearing about it! Planning for a major surgery is stressful; planning for a major surgery in a city that's six hours away is *incredibly* stressful.

**Edit:** Wherever I end up staying, it needs to be wheelchair accessible. My mom is in a wheelchair, and while she can handle one or two stairs, anything more than that is too much unfortunately. Sorry I didn't add this at the beginning! I have had visiting researchers stay at each of these places:

http://www.friendshipsuites.com/

http://www.shadysiderentals.net/  

http://www.grahamhouseapts.com/

http://www.shadysideinn.com/

It looks like Shadyside Inn gives discount rates for UPMC stays.

Also, there is Family House:
http://www.familyhouse.org/
if you qualify.

Good luck!



 Are you driving to Pittsburgh? If so, from what direction? Hotels are less expensive in the suburbs. 

Best wishes for your appointment and getting the answers you need/want! There's the [Courtyard by Marriott Shadyside](http://www.marriott.com/hotels/travel/pitok-courtyard-pittsburgh-shadyside/) that is less than a block away from UPMC Shadyside. I'm fairly certain they have wheelchair accessible rooms and reasonable rates. Can't edit my post because I'm on my phone but I just wanted to say thank and that I booked a room for one night. I found a hotel nearby that has discounted rates for people there for medical care, plus a free shuttle to and from UPMC. Thanks for all the suggestions!



At some point in the near future (possibly even immediately after my appointment on the 12th), I'm going to have to stay for awhile longer, so if anyone stumbles across this and has any suggestions for an affordable place to stay for ~ 2-3 weeks, please let me know! I'm doing my best to keep costs down since my husband is currently the only one working. Call up the Marriott, explain your situation, see if they can cut you a deal.  They do have flexibility when booking rooms.  Not to pry but are you seeing Dr. Jho? Thank you so much for the suggestions! I should have mentioned this in my original post (I'll add an edit in a moment), but I need wherever I ended up staying to be wheelchair accessible as my mom is in a wheelchair. She's pretty mobile and independent so there's no need for any special accommodations, but anything more than a couple of stairs is too much. I will be driving, yes, coming from upstate NY so I'll be coming from the northeast. A little bit of driving is okay, but preferably no more than 20-25 minutes since my appointment on Thursday is at 7:45am :)

And thank you! I'm hopeful that this visit may yield some answers. FYI, OP said he's looking for something cheaper. No, I'm actually seeing Dr. Bejjani, a neurosurgeon. Keeping my fingers crossed that he's as good as I've heard. Dr. Jho is at AGH. 

Good luck, OP.  