Do disabled parking spots on the street need to be marked? I got a parking ticket yesterday for parking in a "disabled spot." However, there were no signs, paint on the curb, etc. The only possible indication was a small dip in the curb, maybe three feet across. Does this actually qualify as a disabled spot?

Do I have any recourse for fighting this (very expensive) ticket? I obviously had no intention of taking up such a spot, and do feel like a bit of a dick. I simply didn't see the small change in curb construction, which I feel is a poor way to make sure a spot remains clear. I feel like there should be some sort of sign, paint, or some better way of making sure it's clearly not a spot for me. Is that not the case? Thanks in advance! Short answer:  Yes. 

However, did you get a ticket for parking in a disabled space, or parking across a curb ramp. I got a ticket on Division once for parking across a ramp at a T intersection. It is a legal crosswalk, I was in a hurry and thought, "Open Parking Space!", came back to a VERY expensive ticket. There is no need to mark that, since technically you are parked in a crosswalk, and not in a disabled space.  Could it have been this instead? That dip in the curve was a wheelchair ramp, not a parking spot.  You blocked it which means that, if somebody in a wheelchair came along, you'd have blocked them from crossing the street. What's the statue did they list on the violation?  Dude. All disabled spots are clearly marked with a sign and/or pavement paint. If there was no sign or blue pavement paint, contest it. You should have pictures of the space to back up your argument. In the state of Oregon a Disable Parking Space must be clearly denoted both on the ground and in a manner visible when parked in the space using a pre-approved sign.

If either (or both) the sign or pavement markings are missing then the space does not meet the requirements of accessible parking space under the ORS and can not be enforced as such.

http://www.oregon.gov/odot/hwy/traffic-roadway/docs/pdf/standards_for_accessible_parking_places.pdf

edit: grammer Yep. And Parking Enforcement takes their own photos too.

I got a ticket for not having a zone permit when I clearly did. Went to court, asked to see the enforcement guys pictures. He starts showing them to me, "So do you have any pictures of the drivers side rear window? You know, where the regulations say the permit has to be displayed?"

Nope.

I got it thrown out right away, but I wish I would have gone forward with the hearing just to put a loss on the guys record and ask him a bunch of questions that would make him look like an idiot. This. There are some disabled parking spots in my neighborhood, and they're all clearly marked with the blue and white sign plus a white painted rectangle on the pavement.  