Cool shit to do that's wheelchair accessible? I've got a buddy in town who's in a chair and was looking to show him and his girlfriend some of what Portland has to offer. Any ideas?  Omsi. 
The International Rose Test Garden. 
Saturday Market. 
Happy Hour at the Portland City Grill. 
The Zoo (great concerts there sometimes). 

Most spots in Portland are ADA accessible, sometimes there is a different ramped entrance so just ask. 

Good luck.   Protip: wheelchairs are allowed in bike lanes, so if they come across a curb that doesn't allow them to continue, but there's a bike lane, they'll be able to get through that way. 

Most newer places are ADA compliant, but there might be some issues. Depending on the wheel width, some "hikes" are accessible. I believe multnomah falls and the lower part of Lief Erickson in Forest park might be a cool little getaway.  Farmers' market at PSU, waterfront park, Powell's downtown, meander some of the neighborhoods (Hawthorne, NW 21st and 23rd, Mississippi, Alberta...). Is he a paraplegic with an ultralight WC and strong arms or someone with 2 broken legs who has to have legs elevated, or a power WC? The little ultralight chairs with a skilled user can do more than a heavier standard chair, even some steps and curbs, and maneuver in a smaller area. Burnside skate park [Macleay Park] (http://www.portlandoregon.gov/parks/finder/index.cfm?action=ViewPark&PropertyID=246) in NW has an awesome trail that is wheelchair accessible. If you want to take in some nature, the Macleay forest park entrance is wheelchair friendly for about a quarter mile or so. It's actually required that bars have a smaller section that is lower. So if they enjoy the booze most newish bars will be.  I used to date a woman who used a power chair. One of our favorite things to do was go to the art galleries in the Pearl district. Some aren't accessible, but most of them are. purringtons cat lounge, go drink and hang out with cats! visit the historic oregon theater
 Check out some live music perhaps? Pc-pdx.com is an excellent resource for local and touring music. Pdx Pop Now is happening today and tomorrow outside Audocinema and is a huge showcase of local talent. It's under the hawthorne bridge so there shouldn't be any issues getting around. Most venues and bars are ADA accessible one way or the other i've found.  Multnomah Falls I was in a chair for a few months last year.  Mostly I just sat at home. > Protip: wheelchairs are allowed in bike lanes, so if they come across a curb that doesn't allow them to continue, but there's a bike lane, they'll be able to get through that way

I didn't realize this. I work in Gresham nextdoor to a retirement community, and there's a ton of people who ride their power scooters in the bike lane. I always thought it was just a gresham thing. Hu, never knew that. I'll have to look out for that. Also, Free Geek I am pretty sure Audio Cinema, site of PDX Pop Now, is NOT wheelchair accessible. 

The Chinese Garden and Japanese Garden are accessible, but not all parts. Yep, it's a legit thing, and I'm glad because a lot of the sidewalls aren't passable / aren't as convenient as the bike lanes. However, I've seen some people driving get really angry about people in wheelchairs in bike lanes. A few months ago, a driver nearly ran over someone in a wheelchair for no other reason than they were in a hurry and wanted to park. 


This is another reason why we need more separated infrastructure.  Yeah the inside is not but it's all outside the venue. I was just there and there was accessibility galore. Thanks for the update on Portland Pop Now! Audio Cinema could improve its rental business if they addressed accessibility. 