Anyone know of an ADA compliant apartment close in? The complex my roommate and I were approved for won't let us build a ramp. Hey dudes, sorry for the throwaway, but we kind of really need your help.

My roommate, who uses a manual wheelchair without assistance, and I were approved last week for a downstairs unit apartment and were slated to move in January 12th, which was awesome because school starts the 17th. She was told when she looked at the apartment that it wouldn't be a problem to put in a ramp and that there had even been a small one installed previously.

She went in today to measure and found that, due to a permanent mailbox being in the way, the ramp would be more complicated than previously thought and that the ramp that had been in there was built for a user to be pushed in rather than use independently. They then told her that they wouldn't approve the kind of ramp she needs to be added on.

So we're both incredibly frustrated and, frankly, a little angry. We've been looking for about a month for a place to live before school starts on the 17th and wouldn't have applied and paid the screening fee (about $100 cumulatively) if we hadn't been convinced this was a place that would work. I'm not wholly clear about the ADA laws and she's pretty new to being in a chair so neither is she. We're less concerned about filing an ADA claim right now than we are for finding a place before the term starts, but if you know of what sort of rights we have, any help there would be appreciated as well.

**TLDR; if anyone knows of a downstairs 2-br apartment/place close in and close to a transit line for under $850 a month that is readily ADA-compliant, we could really, really use your help.**

**EDIT 1/09 The manager informed us that not only will they not allow a ramp, but that they won't refund our screening fee either. Anyone know if this is standard practice?** Every apartment complex must offer ADA accessible units. If a modest ramp is all that is required, you should tell them it is legally a "reasonable accommodation" and at least tell them to check with their attorney before denying you. You shouldn't take no for an answer unless it is coming from their attorney, and even after that, you may have grounds to challenge it with a "reasonable accommodation" claim. I have one at 3737 SE 36th Place.  It's ground floor, but will have to double-check to see if there's a step. You might be better off trying to get a place through the school, especially on short notice.

...and see about getting your screening fee back.  Even talking about lawyers should send them running. [deleted] Lovejoy Station Apartments is in the Pearl, is right on the streetcar line, and even has wider bathrooms meant for wheelchair use.  10th and Marshall.

The other property that I know Bowen Property Management owns is on 10th and Kearney but is a bit more run-down.

Both are tax-credit housing so have very affordable units, income restrictions may apply. Don't have any info on apartments, but as a student (PSU? Where?), you have access to their legal department; I would also refer to them at least for help getting your screening fee back, if not for assistance in determining whether the ramp would actually be "unreasonable."

As far as "reasonable" goes, the house my sister just bought has a freakishly wide sidewalk that was built by the city when they repaved in the area for use as disabled parking by the former homeowners. If the City of Portland was willing to lay down concrete to built what's essentially a private parking space, a ramp doesn't seem like it's that unreasonable. 

Good luck! This is incredibly helpful. Thank you! Hey, I'm sorry to bother you again. You seem like you know what you're talking about.

So he's refused to put in the ramp and is now also refusing to refund the screening fee. Is there anything legally we can do about? hey (aforementioned roomie here), so i think as far as they're concerned, it's not "reasonable." the problem is that the door is at the end of a hallway, directly facing another door. there are about nine inches of rise, and our space available straight to the middle of the hallway is about 50 inches. that said, it would be totally easy to build a small ramp that veers toward the front of the hall, directly against the wall, but there is a large mailbox bolted to the ground that gets in the way. any turns made to the ramp would interfere with the other residents' ability to get right in front of the mailbox and additionally would obstruct the hallway.  I would like to applaud you for the service you're providing here. Good work. Awesome. Do you manage it? Would you mind if I PM'd you? Thank you! I think you're right about us not qualifying (she's neither a quadriplegic and being full-time generally disqualifies for a lot aid like this), but I definitely appreciate the link. If we qualify, the Pearl would be phenomenal since it's so close to school. Do you manage either one? That question is a bit specific for me to want to answer, but you can get some general, albeit limited, information from the Oregon State Bar [here](http://www.osbar.org/public/legalinfo/tenant.html).  Just sent you a personal message with some info. Hope that helps. good Luck! I wouln't offer you any advice on the specifics of the layout or how complicated it may be, but they need a legal opinion that it is not "reasonable accomodation". 

It is not at the discretion of the building manager. Many Management companies employ a complicated formula to determine what would be unreasonable. They are not necessarily required to pay for the accomodation if you are not on any public assistance, but they have to let you build/pay for it if it is legally "reasonable". I was managing it temporarily as of yesterday at 11:59pm.  The company I work for sends me all over the east side to manage places when someone quits.  The new manager is named Rebekah but feel free to PM me and I'll give you all the relevant info. No, I don't.  I can tell you that they have high demand but regular turnover.  
There are a good deal of tax credit apartments on the streetcar line, you should look into all of them. Some have waitlists that are prohibitive, some don't bother with them and you just have to luck out.  They'll certainly be ADA compliant though as their tied in with federal regulations already.

I still think you've got a solid case against your existing place though, so I'd talk to the Portland Housing Authority, Housing and Urban Development, the Mayor's office, whoever, and see what you can get rolling in terms of pressure on the place as you look for replacements if something doesn't come together. 