Anybody have a doggy wheelchair I could try out We recently learned that our dog Iggy has cancer.  The combo of the drugs and the cancer has caused his muscles to deteriorate rapidly.  He also has prior injuries where he had torn both of his ACLs in his back legs (Not sure what they are called on a dog)?  This is coming back to haunt us now that all the muscle is gone that held everything together.  I'm wondering if anybody has a doggy wheelchair or rear leg harness that they aren't using that I could try out and see if he can even walk with it.

Last time I weighed him he was a fit 80 lbs.  My wife had him at the vet about a week ago and they said he lost 10 lbs.  He may have lost more since then so he's probably around 65 lbs now.

This is one of the most horrible things I've ever had to go through, watching my best friend wither away.  Thanks if anybody has any info or help.

UPDATE: 

Thanks for the responses.  We ended up having to put our best friend to sleep and it was the hardest decision I've ever had to make in my life.  He was the best dog I've ever known and I loved him with all of my heart.  I hope that he's no longer feeling any pain and can sleep comfortably.   I'm a vet tech working in specialty medicine-I just shot an email out to all my local vet/tech friends to see if anyone has a wheelchair to loan. Meanwhile, you could probably purchase an inexpensive harness or sling from a vet's office to get you through until you can get a wheelchair. In a pinch, you can use a bath towel as a rear sling. 
The other thing that might help with his muscle atrophy/CCL rupture (what ACLs are called in dogs) is acupuncture. It's one of the few alternative therapies that has science to back it up, and anecdotally, I've seen it be a real blessing for sore, achy animals in palliative care.  I am SO sorry to hear this, especially as a dog owner and especially as someone who's mom was just diagnosed with breast cancer. Cancer sucks. Cancer is the worst. Cancer needs to die a slow painful death. My recommendation is to maybe do some research online to see if you could build one yourself and make it customized since wheelchairs for dogs can be tricky if they don't fit right, resulting in pain. 

There's lots of how-to videos on youtube and DIY instructions like this:
http://animal.discovery.com/pets/how-to-build-dog-wheelchair.htm

I would maybe ask someone who is handy with tools, maybe even an engineering student at PSU or PCC if they could possibly make it for you. It might be much cheaper to do it yourself than having to buy one or if you can't find one online from someone else. If you haven't checked Craiglist, there might be something there.

I know you want your dog to be as absolutely comfortable as possible, despite his cancer and I sure hope this helps, even a little. Give your doggy a nice big loving pat on the head for me and I wish you and your family the best! Shoot. So sorry for your loss. As an adult, the only time I lost my shit and cried in public was putting my cat down. Similarly, she was sick and should have lived a full life which made it that much worse. Hope you're doing okay. PM if you need to have a few pints. I think you are probably too big for one. That's my guess.  We've been using the towel method and also using a couple t-shirts that we cut up and put his legs through the arms as a makeshift sling.  He's also been taking tramadol for the pain but he still in so much pain and his legs barely work anymore.  We have an inhouse vet coming over at 1:30 but I think it might be time to let him go even though it breaks my heart.  I'm just so angry because he's only 9 and just 3 weeks ago we were still out running trails together.  I just can't believe how quickly he went downhill.   I'm not really in the mood for some strangers humor at the moment.   I'm so sorry to hear that, but it sounds like you're really in-tune with what he needs. I hope the house call vet is able to help ease his suffering.   sorry. 