Does anyone have a wheelchair I could borrow? I don't need a power chair or a scooter, just a regular wheelchair would be fine.

I had surgery on Monday and I just can't get around.  When I'm sitting, the pain is nonexistent, but when I get up it's unbearable.  If anyone has a wheelchair that I could use for a few weeks while I recover, I would appreciate it immensely.

I could provide you with collateral, though there's not much of value that I have...my iPod, maybe?  I'd offer my laptop or phone, but I need those for work.

PM me if you have any leads, and thanks in advance! You need to call your surgeon ASAP. If they had expected you to be in this much pain, they would have sent you home with a chair. Since they didn't, it's a warning sign--infection, stitches coming out too soon, etc. They can hook you up with a chair if you need one, too, but you need to call ASAP as surgical infections can escalate very quickly.

If they say no to the chair it might be because they want you up and moving to prevent blood clots. Talk it over with the advice nurse if nothing else...tonight, if you can. Shouldn't whoever released you after surgery informed you might need one? Or maybe lent you one? It seems weird you'd have surgery and they threw you out on your own with little ability to get one. I see them at  goodwill and salvation army  Don't know how much collateral you have, however, i am pretty sure that Walgreens and maybe other) pharmacies rent out wheel chairs and/or crutches. 

 Actually it sounds like you need to call your doctor. What you're experiencing isn't normal this long after surgery. Something might be wrong and you need to call your doctor and set up an appointment to get looked at. If your surgical site is red, swollen, putting out a lot of discharge, or hot to touch then go straight to the emergency room. You could have an infection brewing under your stitches and you could die. Call your doctor as soon as possible.

In the meantime, you might try giving Central City Concern a call. They often get donations of medical supplies like wheelchairs and walkers that they give away to people in need. Sometimes wheelchairs and walkers show up on Craigslist too for free or a small fee depending on the quality and age of the item. Hey guy sorry so late but ask Goodwill they help people too.  It's my opinion that they released me way too early.  I couldn't even walk. Yeah except I don't have any money.  I'm homeless right now. I don't have any money; I'm actually homeless atm. I Called my doctor and they don't really seem concerned... Well that's disappointing. If you're concerned your doctor should be concerned too. After almost a week you should be doing pretty good. Still sore (especially after standing for awhile) but starting to get back to normal. Not crippled with pain. It sounds like you had appendicitis right? Recovery from that takes a few weeks. If you're homeless stress can also make recovery time take longer since healing will be slower. If you *ever* develop a fever that won't go away, chills, the surgical site looks funny or is pulling apart, you feel really short of breath even while resting, or your belly starts to swell or get bloated then get yourself to the emergency room ASAP. It's possible you're just slower to heal than others because of stress/nutrition/whatever and need a little more time or it's possible you've got an infection brewing under there. Be careful okay? And get well soon! Time to visit a walk-in clinic. Outside in, etc... Yeah, outside in is my primary care doctor...I should have gone to the walk-in clinic on Sunday night, but I totally spaced it. 