Were you wearing a Kilt in the Tuality Community Hospital ER on saturday morning around 7am? I wheeled my friend into the ER in a wheelchair with a pinched nerve. You were there unable to sit down it looked like and wearing a kilt, saying it was the only thing you could wear comfortably.
Please, PLEASE, tell me what was stuck in your butt. By the time I thought to ask you were already gone. This has been driving me nuts, I just gotta know! I hope they were able to extract it easily. From my experience (lots of friends in the healthcare industry), they probably "fell" on something aka were putting stuff in their butt and it got stuck.  Craigslist personals pulls thru. Maybe he had a rash or maybe it's none of your beeswax 🐝 when I worked at the clinic sometimes men had swollen testicles, anyways it takes big balls to wear a kilt anyway. Well thanks at least for not taking a photo of him and posting it here... Haha I am pretty sure the guy would have told me if I had thought to ask before they took him back. He told us the kilt was all he could wear comfortably when my friend complimented it. God swollen testicles hadnt occurred to me, sounds terrible. My neighbor wears a leather kilt. Was he old? my friend worked in an er after nursing school. overnight shift in virginia. She would call me to tell me great stories about people 'falling' on stuff. my fav was the guy who got a barbie head stuck in there, then tried to get it out with a fork...which also ended up stuck in there
 Yep, my mom worked overnights in radiology and got to x-ray all kinds of stuff they "fell" on.  [Hey](https://giphy.com/gifs/jack-nicholson-nodding-anger-management-S3Ot3hZ5bcy8o) it was a nice kilt! it looked comfortable and well worn. A few years back I had an episode of testicular torsion that required a Saturday night emergency surgery.  Off work a few days, and when I came back I had to wear jersey gym shorts in the office for two weeks.  Big Boss Man was NOT pleased, but I had a doctor's note so tough shit. nope, 30 something beardo
 