MAX train hits and kills one person in a wheelchair and leaves another person injured  "TriMet officials said the early indication is the man may have jumped onto her lap and powered the motorized wheelchair into the train’s path."

Seriously, WTF? The second person has died now, too. Christ, this is just awful. What a horrible way to die, especially if you're disabled and can see it coming. Horrible.  The TriMet alert at MAX stations a couple hours ago lead with "Two people killed...". Pretty unusual to give that much gory detail in a service alert. I guess MAX platforms need "NO HORSEPLAY" signs like they have at the swimming pool. What a heartbreaking story. Update: http://www.kgw.com/story/news/local/2014/08/16/1-killed-1-injured-after-max-train-incident-in-gresham/14163897/ As long as this doesn't happen on a home Blazer game night. He had Down syndrome. Mother and son. :/ It's Gresham That was my exact reaction. I'm interested to see more details, but that sounds like the kind of bullshit excuse my 9 year old would come up with. "I totally didn't hit them, they ran in front of my train on purpose." I don't think they can emphasize enough that if you walk in front of a train, you will problably die. And "I don't swim in your toilet, don't pee in my pool" ...oh wait [deleted] Natural selection.  Who gives a flying fuck as long as it does not make you have to wait right?
What an insensitive thing to say. Suicide by train is pretty common, it comes with the territory of being a subway/metro/etc. driver that you may see a suicide. Over a hundred people are hit by the subway in NYC every year, some of them jumpers, some pushed, some accidents. Why would they bullshit? Maybe I'm missing something but I see no fault on their end. Not like they can stop on a dime. So Murder/Suicide by train is not plausible ? As someone who was nowhere near the accident and didn't see any of it, I therefore know for sure that the explanation is BULLSHITTTT MAX: 3

Humans: 0 I get off at a MAX stop that requires me to walk over the rails in front of the train to proceed to work. I always exit from the front-most car and door to do it as quickly as possible, while the train still has its doors open and is waiting for passengers to enter / exit. But I still try to make eye contact with the driver as I pass across, and never let myself assume that even if the doors are open, the train isn't going anywhere. 

People can forget every time you cross a street / rails you're basically putting your life at risk.  I actually think that's a great idea. Think of how many lives it would save. At some point in the distant future I will be a headline writer at the time that New Seasons goes belly up and I'm totally using that I totally believe that. I just think the story sounds unbelievable. I mean, we'll find out soon enough and it's probably what actually happened, it just sounds crazy. The companion jumped into the wheelchair and drove it (and the person it belonged to) in front of a train. I don't know, it just seems like a bullshit excuse. "Yeah, the guy totally jumped into her wheelchair and drove the 2 of them onto the tracks." Like I said, I'm very interested to see more details. I guess it is, but it doesn't seem very likely. It just seems so weird. Guess I'll wait and see. Off to /r/circlejerkpdx with you. Or, you know, you could wait the ~30-60s until the train has left the station to cross the tracks.. 2? It wasn't the front of the train, they went under the back car which the driver can't see. I'm pretty sure they've got cameras on the trains. So if they are bullshitting, they're gonna get called out pretty quickly. Dude, the train can only go on the tracks. It's not like the MAX jumped off the rails and clobbered them. 

 Are you suggesting we put a price on human life? Clearly the ocean needs  railings and maybe some strobe lights and push notifications: "YOU'RE GETTING TOO CLOSE!" Jesus... I love how everyone is seriously overreacting to "It sounds like an excuse that my 9 year old would come up with" I'm not a moron, I know that shit happens, it just sounded unbelievable. Jesus. Depends.  Will the notes be laminated? 