Disabled out-of-towner: Wheelchairs for rent? There is a possibility I'm going to attend the Bridgetown Comedy Festival in Portland next month. I'm from Spokane, and don't get to travel much due to physical disabilities and capabilities. This is a very rare opportunity.

I can walk most of the time, though not very far at a time. The diseases I have are very random - sometimes I'll wake up the next morning with a SUPER swollen knee or hip. I'm a little concerned this is going to keep me from attending the shows I'd like to while in Portland.

Luckily, I'm more than likely staying on Hawthorne, where all the festivities are, but it is a very long street that I'm not going to be able to walk up and down for three nights straight. Here's my question:

Does anyone know of somewhere in that area with public wheelchair rental? Just in case? Thank you very very much. I rented a chair from a place on Sandy, let's see how my Google-Fu is today...

Found it!

http://businessfinder.oregonlive.com/684088/Personal-Mobility-Center-Portland-OR

$25/day.

I found it by googling for "Portland wheelchair rentals". Sounds like a couple of people already answered your question about the wheel chair, but I thought I'd just throw in that since most of this is happening on Hawthorne that the 14 bus runs up and down on Hawthorne on a fairly regular basis even after commuter hours.

I think it's every 30 minutes or so, so getting from point A to point B between shows shouldn't be a problem. Have fun! I think you can rent wheelchairs from Rite-Aid, but I don't know how comfortable they are. We rented crutches from them before, when my daughter had foot surgery. Thanks. I googled it too, but like to get personal referrals more than winging it. Sorry for plugging up the subreddit with uselessness.. Thank you so much, again! I wonder if they rent wheelchairs to abled people? Ooh!! Thank you so much - this is perfect. :) Crutches?  Buy at goodwill for $10 I don't see why not, I didn't have to show any proof or anything. I've got a spine condition, needed one for an event. They had a kick ass selection of canes too... well, we got all but $5 back when we returned them, so renting new crutches, that were properly sized for my kid, was cheaper than buying. 