Officials open new downtown homeless shelter  I was glad to see that TPI will be overseeing this shelter. I always recommend them and mention them when I comment on these "homeless issue" threads. There's a reason for that, they offer a ton of services/aid/programs, and having used their services, I can say they were a HUGE help in getting my feet back on the ground. Is that shelter on 122nd and Glisan always full? In the past few weeks at my work, we've had an uncanny amount of people sleeping by our dumpster. It's not my favorite thing to tell someone sleep somewhere else, but it's something we need to do to protect ourselves and them. 

I just don't like not giving them an option. If that's the closest thing, which isn't far from my work atleast it'll help my damn conscience. 

This guy yesterday was what probably flipped in my head what I thought was a traditional homeless. He was riding a bike with his dog. Probably in his 50s. We went to take out the daily trash and saw a bike in there and the dude sleeping sitting up. I mean it's wet and cold but the guy seemed coherent and not using. He was complaining about being to cold to move and one of my other managers stuck around to get him going but i just left because I just can't handle this shit anymore. 

2 weeks ago this lady shit by the dumpster, covered it with wet wipes, then proceeded to still be sleeping by it when we found her. She was using and lighting fires so that was easier boot. Plus she was talking so much shit. It's fucking so disgusting and ridiculous. My job is about handling product and food. Last thing I wanna deal with is the revolving bullshit that goes on around the Powell division neighborhoods. 

Anyway rant over, new store opening in Sunnyside, so it should be alot less of the ridiculous shit and more of the detached from reality uppity types.  >Kafoury said it reflects a major unmet need, noting that literally a block away a man slept on the ground under a concrete overhang covered by a blanket, a wheelchair parked next to him. 

Plopping down an old wheelchair is what quite a few non-disabled homeless do in an attempt to not get swept. I can't believe the complaints that it's not good enough. Hey, it's indoors. That's a fucking start. If you are so concerned about the type of beds then start donating and volunteering! Go make real change! The people bringing this shelter to these people are making real change getting people off the streets! So this shelter for old men and disables has their mattresses on the floor. Kinda hard to get those old knees.  I am so glad to see another hand out taking up space in downtown portland Hell yeah. Thank you for the personal anecdote and I'm happy to hear they helped you get your feet back on the ground. 

It's helpful when considering what organizations to donate too. 

Here's the link for donation to TPI in case anyone is interested: http://www.tprojects.org/donate/

I believe up to 50% of your gross income is tax deductible so it's a good thing to keep in mind. 

 I appreciate your trying to be compassionate in the face of this stress. I'm sure it's frustrating having to navigate people sleeping outside the store where you work.

Believe it or not, there are a lot of homeless folks similar to the gentleman you found sleeping sitting up. The most visible are addicts and the mentally ill, but there are families with children, young adults aged out of foster care, veterans from numerous wars...it's an epidemic.

There aren't any easy answers, but I am grateful for every person trying to see things through a compassionate lens.
 Are you suggesting that there aren't any homeless people who are genuinely disabled? 'Cause I can guarantee you that is not the case. [deleted] You're right. You should get off the internet for a bit and build them some bed frames. before i read that it was aimed at 55+ and disabilities, i wondered how it was anywhere near ADA compliant, given that it looks like a wheelchair can't make it through.  now i'm even more curious. Well I already paid for this shelter with my taxes.  you should take in a pack of needy homeless traumatized pitbulls into your own home, Doggies need care too!.
 I ain't the one blasting through public funds to build shelter. Just another Great example of our government's ability. I'm not sure why people would down vote this comment. It's great to be able to support shelters and/or other essential needs beyond just paying taxes; but if you're genuinely happy part of your taxes are going towards the new shelter, at least that's a start! 