Just a little concern. Ok, i love to walk. I walk for 45 mins before work, during breaks, during lunch, and 45 mins plus after work. Its my exercise of choice. 

My vent: i honestly didn't realize how many people smoke in downtown Portland, young, old, wheelchair, bus stops, train stops, smoking in front of you, behind you, sitting on sidewalk, leaning on wall of building smoking, smoking a foot away from you while you wait for your food cart, everywhere.

I don't think you can walk more than one minute downtown with enjoying the privilege of second hand smoke. 

Vent over, i still love walking downtown.    It's hard to avoid the smoke,  just like it's hard to avoid attention seeking gutter punks,  or people under the influence of mind altering substances, or those children's international canvassers standing on every corner like legalized panhandlers.  It's a consequence of being downtown in an area that is concentrated with people. I'm like you,  I hate the smoke and I like walking on my lunch breaks,  but you take the good with the bad sometimes.   I know I'm probably in the minority, but this seems like a pretty sanctimonious rant. They already can't smoke indoors, at bus stops, in bars, or damn near anywhere else. Does it really make you that upset to walk by them on the sidewalk? Does it really impact you that much?  It's terrible how sometimes in a downtown core area you have to deal with things you don't like. Just terrible. I'm so sorry. Mostly people smoke on the sidewalk because they are not allowed to smoke indoors, at tri-met stops, in parks, or within 10 feet of a building entrance.  Not sure where else you'd like them to go.   
 What is the purpose of this little bitch session? To show everyone how self-centered you are? Get over yourself. Or move to the country. I'm a bit perplexed too how "healthy" Portland has so many smokers. Yeah. I experience this too. 

I think, though, now, we're just more sensitive to smoke. I can go a long time without smelling it, and then I can smell it, look around, and see NOBODY smoking. It's likely drifting from a backyard or something. The fact that I can be that sensitive to it, and yet not even SEE a smoker, is pretty crazy. 

I mean, remember when restaurants used to have Smoking and Non-Smoking sections and yet there were no barriers? It boggles my mind that my family used to eat dinner surrounded by cigarette smoke (keep in mind, nobody in family smokes, but this obviously didn't keep us from enjoying our dinners). Crazy.  Fuck off, you whiny entitled asshole. The world doesn't revolve around you. Yeah, what's up with that? Do we have a higher percentage of smokers than other places? I used to think there was a lot of smoking around Portland until I lived in Amsterdam for awhile. Holy crap they like to smoke, it is completely inescapable. 

I loved a lot of stuff about living there, but I really don't miss the constant battery of second hand smoke at all.  I rarely make it downtown but when I do, I make sure to load up on second hand smoke since it seems I have no choice anyways. Uhh, what else am I gonna do when I am standing around waiting to buy drugs from the street folk? It's crazy how quick these attitudes changed.  Like five years ago you could smoke in bars and now the sidewalks are too much.   Outdoor secondhand smoke is less dangerous than diesel exhaust.  How about we ban semi trucks from the Marquam bridge, downtown, and i5? Yes, yes it does  it's not the walking by, it's the nasty stink. 

imagine if there were people everywhere who had nasty BO you could smell a half block away. would you occasionally get fed up and want to rant?  the nastiest bum doesn't stink half as bad as the typical smoker. 

not the there's really anything that one can reasonably expect to be done about it, but don't expect anyone to feel sorry that you can't smoke every-fucking-where anymore. i still don't want to smell it, **especially** not outdoors where I otherwise might hope to find some fresh air (if I could avoid the car as well as human exhaust). 

ideally, you'd be limited to your closed car or home, but I realize that's not practical... Yeah, plus downtown is simply really dense. You're more likely to see any given type of person. "Why can't they just wade into the river to smoke?" you can't smoke in parks?  that's a rule which is 100% ignored. 

to be clear, you're allowed to smoke indoors, just not in public places. big difference. 

since you asked... I'd like them to go where I can't smell them. 

the burden shouldn't be on me to avoid them... it should be the reverse.  Seems to be a generational thing.  After a time of no one smoking much at all it seems to have re-surged in folks 20-40.

How soon they forget. I feel that way when so many people can bitch about evil corporations but tobacco corporations are never mentioned most people don't walk through clouds of diesel exhaust multiple times a day.  I would be willing to bet that you inhale significantly more toxic chemicals from vehicle exhaust than from second hand smoke while walking around downtown. Does it smell bad? Sure, but in the grand scheme of things there are a lot more vehicles belching out carbon monoxide than there are smokers puffing in your direction. Are you okay with cars? What about food carts? If you want to completely do away with everything that annoys certain people the world is going to be a boring place. Is it really so much to ask to live and let live? [deleted] The river is not your ashtray! Why can't they just put their heads in a plastic bag and smoke? I imagine that most apartments downtown have no smoking addenda to go along with their rental agreements.  And of course all work places have been smoke free for ages.   As a 20-40 smoker who only recently realized the gravity of my 14 year old self's decision, I agree. It's strange and backwards but I think that in a way, being bombarded with anti-smoking advertisements and information all my life helped normalize smoking for me. It takes a while for some people to understand their own mortality. Just realized that last sentence makes me sound like a sociopath but i'm too lazy to rephrase.  Nothing was said about doing away with anything, I just really don't like it, like a dirty diaper, a smell id be happy to never smell again you might find the smoke least offensive (due to exposure tolerance perhaps) but for frequency, smoke beats the others by about tenfold.  Because you can't find one in Multnomah County.  When you're [or I] are ready to quit, 1-800-Quit-Now will send you free patches/gum/etc, if you'll go through a few of their telephone sessions! [deleted] why would anyone live in old town? 