TriMet driver refuses service to woman in wheelchair at Portland stop (VIDEO)  I don't see what she was supposed to do, it violates policy to back up a bus without a spotter (which would have to drive to the bus) not to mention there was traffic?Sure the driver shouldn't have overshot the stop (you know, assuming reasonable lighting and what not) but she also can't just throw a bus with passengers into reverse to fix it. Pretty sure unless the driver wanted to call in and wait for a supervisor to drive to the bus then have him clear traffic and spot her the best choice was made.If she did back up I'm pretty sure this article would be "TriMet driver throws a bus into reverse endangering the lives of passengers and pedestrians! -Joseph "I'm lazy and cocky as shit" Rose" This story should be used as an example of lazy and sensationalized news reporting.  This story communicates less to me about the bus driver, or the policies of Tri-Met, than it does about the shit stories that The Oregonian chooses to report on.  A driver made a quick judgement call and the Oregonian chooses to blow the context way out of proportion, questioning the policies of the agency that the woman works for (Tri-Met) with absoloutely no reporting to correlate this anecdotal incident to a larger, systemic problem.  This is a news story about a woman, who happens to be in a wheelchair, who was unable to get a bus.  Shit like this has happened to all of us, wheelchair or not.  The only research that the lazy ass reporter did was to pull up the Google Maps view of the bus stop and confirm that Tri-Met would have no comment.  What a waste of journalistic energy.   Joe Rose is an ass that tries to stir up shit to keep people car centric. This just in! Trimet leaves my able-bodied ass behind all the time.  It would be good for Trimet's PR if they'd allow drivers to award compensatory vouchers when they make a mistake like this that inconveniences a passenger. "Sorry. I overshot the stop and I cannot legally back up here. Please accept this voucher for a monthly pass, and I'll alert the next bus that you're here." So before writing any article about Tri-Met, a reporter has to do a comprehensive study of the entire system in order to put a given incident in context?

I think you're mixing up academic research with news reporting.  Or, you work for Tri-Met. I can't believe this is the top comment.  What, exactly, should Rose have done differently?  He reported the facts of the incident, with quotes from witnesses.  

/r/portland, I am dissapoint. I think thespeak's point is that our Oregonian employee should either report the facts (wheelchair woman couldn't get on a bus), or do a real expose regarding broken policies.  In reality, he just reported the facts and dangled serious accusations with absolutely nothing but innuendo (Trimet didn't comment, so they must be hiding something) to back them up.  Hence, lazy journalism. Probably should have reported the story as it happened instead of making heavy accusations about the driver and TriMet. Rose does this all the time, its his SOP. 