Any interesting Robertson Tunnel/ Washington Park Max Station stories? Ever had your train get stuck for a long time?  Gone 'urban spelunking'?  Worked on its construction or repair?  Seen something spooky? Any interesting stories about North America's deepest (260 feet) transit station and the three mile long tunnel that services it?


Edit: 
Location: Under Portland W Hills  
Number of Tunnels: Two  
Diameter of Tunnels: 19 feet  
Length of Tunnels: 3 miles  
Original Bid: $103.7M  
Final Budget: $184M  
Westbound drilling: 61 weeks  
Eastbound drilling: 20 weeks  
Drilling Began: August, 1994  
Final Hole-though: August, 1996  
Tons of Explosive used: 75  
Age of rock: 16 million years  
Fatal Tunnel Accidents: 1, Jacques Mathieu, 39, killed operating equipment 

http://web.archive.org/web/20070927210939/http://www.light1998.com/U_S_Air-Force-Tunnel-Boring-Machine/Sam%27s-Light-Rail-Page-Tunnels-&-Engineering.htm [deleted] Not all that interesting, but about two years ago the westbound train I was on had to stop because of a power outage near sunset TC.  Waited a few minutes, then the driver got out and went to the other end of the train, and reversed back into the zoo stop.  It took about 30 minutes for the trains to start up again, so it was annoying, but not a disaster.

Edit: Also, don't go "urban spelunking" in the tunnel, unless you want to meet some not-so friendly DHS officers and explain why you caused the MAX system to shut down while you were walking through the tunnels. Not overly exciting, but as a teenager a friend jumped down onto the tracks and a booming voice came on over an intercom and demanded they get back onto the platform immediately. This is a pretty good little article on the station.   Points out the things most people notice, like the incorrect digits of Pi or the unfinished Pascal's Triangle, but gives lots of other info as well.   Like the musical notes carved into the wall play "I've been working on the railroad" or that the blue lights indicate places you could crossover to the other bore in an emergency


http://maxfaqs.wordpress.com/2010/05/05/the-robertson-tunnel/ Yeah, urban spelunking doesn't work there.  Guy I know thought he could walk through the tunnel at 3:00 am to get to Beaverton, but as others mentioned a booming voice yells at you and tells you the authorities are coming.    I remember when the B52s and the Go-Gos were playing at the zoo, one of the elevators from the MAX platform wasn't working.

A lot of riders didn't realize there's two sets of elevators, and thought they had to take the stairs all the way up - so they did. You could hear crying and wailing and ailing and all kinds of other noises from people emerging from the stairwells.

I felt sorry for them, but I also felt a bit of schadenfreude.  Pi is incorrect in the tunnel.  only the first 11 digits are correct. Cinco de mayo, approximately 2005, i was on the max heading west out of the tunnel. As we crossed 217 some fuckin piss peddler shot a gun (presumably from the highway) . The bullet passed through the door glass of the speeding max and through the jacket sleeve of a guy a few feet from me. Dude wasn't hurt. Predictably, no one was caught or charged that i know of. Was in my way to a Blazer game from Beaverton about 5ish years ago.  We stoped at the tunnel station for about 20 minutes without any notice as to what was going on.  The intercom kept saying we would be leaving shortly.  All of a sudden the swat team came down and went off into the tunnel.  Apparently someone had a gun on the goose hollow side and was running our way.

Made it to the blazer game close to half time after paying for a cab from the zoo. That elevator coming down from the zoo made a weird noise and dropped way faster than I expected one time. I had a panic attack. End of story. It wasn't fun. i've always been curious if there are escape staircases in case of emergency. No, but last week I had a nightmare about a little boy being trapped in the tunnel forever because of a demon or something. It was the type of dream that is creepy while you're sleeping but pretty stupid after you wake up. Wow!  That mock derailment sounds incredible.  You guys have got to have had more access than just about anyone not working for trimet.   It also sounds absolutely terrifying.  CHUD contact would be an ever-present threat.  I like the video, that guy had to be super drunk. I wonder at what point, if any, did he think "maybe this is the wrong way?" That is interesting.  It seems like the double bore design means in a worst case scenario you'd be able to go to the access doors and just switch over to the other tunnel/ call for help.  The FAQ says that there are motion detectors every 750 feet so trespassing seems like a definitive no go.  [deleted] Good enough for government work!  

Edit: Excluding NASA There are staircases. And according to someone in this thread the blue lights in the tunnel indicate spots with phones, crossovers, and separate ventilation.  

Edit: 
>Yes, each blue light marks an emergency push-button telephone as well as a crosspassage to the other bore. The crosspassages are fairly large, you can fit about 80 people in one of them… in the early days of the west side & tunnel being in service, sweep trains used to have to check in the mornings to make sure no one was camping out in there. And the walkway is kind of wheelchair accessible – the smaller, collapsible-style wheelchairs will fit, but large scooters will not.

 Of course he was from Vancouver… It ain't me either....but where do I sign up? I used to work at Star Tours at Disneyland, and that was basically my job. 