Man in wheelchair on SW 5th and Taylor There is a man on Taylor Street who has been there for at least 24 hours. He has fresh, clean bandages on the ends of where his legs used to be and is wearing shorts. He has a lightweight jacket and looks very cold. I tried to give him my coat and money last night but he declined both. I ended up leaving money next to him as others had done but he wasn't interested in it. He was fighting back tears and wouldn't speak except to say thank you and no. It seems like a hospital may have discharged him without anywhere to go and nobody to help him. Does anyone know of a shelter or mental health facility that will come pick him up? I'll pay for a taxi to take him somewhere if anyone knows where he can go. I think he is dying of hypothermia. I think the PPB takes people to warming shelters during cold snaps. If they do a welfare check they may try to get him there.  This may be a good time to call the police non-emergency number. The operators, or the police in the area, often have background information on certain people or know what is going on in particular situations. If he's been out there in this state for 24 hours, they may have already checked on him. I looked into CHIERS but they're only for people who need a safe space to sober up. Non-emergency number: 503-823-3333 >It seems like a hospital may have discharged him without anywhere to go and nobody to help him.

This would be extremely unlikely in Portland. The Portland hospitals are all very good, and very experienced dealing with the homeless and making sure not to discharge people to unsafe areas. It's much more likely he refused assistance, in which case, the hospital legally can not hold a patient unless they are an acute danger to themselves. Not having a place to go is not an acute danger to themselves. A hospital can't hold a homeless person against their will just because they are homeless. 

Now for constructive advice; I'd call the police non-emergency number. Heard on the police scanner just now that AMR is being sent for this guy. Good work /r/portland.  Is there any update on this?  Thanks, everyone. Reddit is a wonderful and supportive community so I knew you would help. One of his old schoolmates was with him this afternoon so I gave him a fuzzy blanket to give to him. We called an ambulance, which he refused but they finally got him into one a couple of hours ago. I hope he doesn't end up back on the street. 
 Don't see anything good.  Most day centers close around 4 or 5 PM. Dial 211?   http://211info.org/warmingcenters/   One list of shelters.

Tonight the "special" warming shelters are opening up later this evening.
Projects will open severe weather shelters tonight at Bud Clark Commons (655 N.W. Hoyt, in Portland), Imago Dei (1302 S.E. Ankeny, in Portland) and Sunrise Center (18901 E. Burnside, in Gresham). Shelters at Bud Clark Commons and Imago Dei will be open to adults, couples, and pets from 8:30 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 18, to 7:30 a.m. Monday, Feb. 19.

For families dial 211 for shelter and transport.
http://211info.org/warmingcenters/ Thanks for making this post OP [deleted] What I am hearing you say is there is an unwanted pile of money at SW 5th & Taylor? Also, I wonder if he just had his legs amputated and he’s in shock. This is so sad😰 Forecast says it's gonna get down to 28 in the middle of the night tonight.  This guy can be committed if he refuses to come inside tonight. Checking on him won't help. He is wearing shorts, freezing, so he needs somewhere to go. I did call the police but he needs assistance. Can second this. I’ve known nurses who have stalled discharging patients during their shift so that they would have a warm place to stay for one more day.  On the off chance that he's still there, I just called Downtown Clean and Safe and he said he'd go by to look and call the police if needed.  Could you detect if he is an addict or otherwise mentally ill? That's the only thing that comes to mind as to why he wouldn't accept services. Thank you. I did see fewer people sleeping on the street tonight when I left work. The ones that were there had tents or tarps so it looks like the others are indoors tonight. After 4 dead on the streets from hypothermia last year guessing they have moved the line on when a person is in danger to themselves.  [ I mean I would guess they take people to warming shelters a lot faster than last year ] Clean and Safe (or some other city org) drives around downtown during the cold days, they check on people, have coffee and blankets they hand out. If he were in a medically dangerous spot, they'd make sure he was taken care of. 

Used to work right on 6th and Oak and saw it all the time. They patrol all day looking to make sure people are safe.  I can third this. We do this all the time :)  This guy would never be sent away by our ED unless he refused care - and even then he'd be sent away burrito wrapped in warm blankets, given appropriate clothing, a bag of food, a shelter voucher, a medical transport ride, etc. Shoot, I hope they brought him into our hospital so we could give him a lil TLC! [source - local ER nurse] Just heard on the police scanner that they're sending AMR for him!! One would hope.  If he's refusing to do anything other than sit on the street half naked and refuse any help from people, he's probably gonna refuse a ride to a warming shelter.  Sounds like he might have to be taken into custody, as he's a danger to himself refusing to come in tonight (getting down to 28). Good to know. Thank you.  