Reminder: In OR all intersections are crossings, motor vehicles are required to stop for peds. In Oregon, a crosswalk exists at any public street intersection, whether marked with paint or unmarked. Motor vehicles are required to stop at crosswalks and allow pedestrians waiting at them to cross.

&nbsp;

Under Oregon law, a pedestrian is crossing the roadway in a crosswalk when any part or extension of the pedestrian, including but not limited to any part of the pedestrian’s body, wheelchair, cane, crutch or bicycle, moves into the roadway in a crosswalk with the intent to proceed.

&nbsp;

On a daily basis I see many drivers (the majority of them) not obeying these laws. Typically I just let it roll off my back, I'm not in any hurry and just want to safely proceed to my destination, but recently I've noticed an extra annoying practice. 

&nbsp;

I'll take a step into the street indicating that I'm waiting to cross, cars will fly by and I'll wait patiently assuming that they just aren't paying attention (as drivers do), then on occasion a driver will actually turn on their lights and continue speeding through the intersection (this is during the day, not a transition from day to night). They're clearly signaling to me that I need to notice them and not step any further into the street, but really it's an indication that they see me and that they don't know that they're required by law to stop and grant me safe passage.

&nbsp;

Sorry for what is sort-of a rant post, but it's also important that the people that use our roadways know the laws that govern them.

*edit: not a transition from day to night ;) As a cyclist, I must mention that **cyclists are required to stop for pedestrians as well!!!** On the other hand, if a pedestrian leans out into the street mid-block on a four lane road, please don't stop and attempt to wave them across while the traffic in the other three lanes continues as normal. Also worth noting that pedestrians need to give cars a reasonable time to see you and react, as well as show clear intent to cross.

Don't stand a foot back looking at your phone hoping for a reaction, step off the curb and make eye contact with cars so they know you're making a move. Don't jump out from behind a parked car and expect the car to stop in time just because you have the right of way. Some people can miss you while focusing on the road or car ahead, and some people are just assholes. Don't assume they see you, don't assume they'll stop in time. [In Oregon, every (public) intersection is a crosswalk.](https://youtu.be/olYDbzX5qOI) When I lived in Bend the police set up "sting operations" at intersections and ticket people for these rules. They did announce them before hand in the paper.
 Here's another reminder, if you are crossing the street within a block of a crosswalk, you must use the crosswalk.  And if you are a pedestrian please do not stand on the corner looking around confused and then walking boldly into the intersection after the cars decided to go. Fuck everyone that steps out into the road to see if their bus is coming.  I stop for your stupid ass and then I hate you. ...AND as a pedestrian you still need to look before venturing into the street. As a pedestrian, I find that pointing my phone at them with the appearance of making a recording makes the cars slow down and stop with great success. We should just sticky this I had a driver honk at me while crossing *at* one of the marked pedestrian crosswalks in the park blocks last summer.

So I calmly stood in front of his car and explained that 1. This was a marked pedestrian crosswalk, 2. I gave him plenty of time to slow down, and 3. As a pedestrian I have the right-of-way in nearly every situation.

He didn't seem to like that very much. Yeah it seems a lot of drivers don't know this law. I have seen a few PSAs lately, but they were on bus stops of all places. Not exactly where drivers are going to see them. Thanks for this reminder! [deleted] But if someone is crossing where there isn't an intersection, I don't have to stop. Right? [deleted] [deleted] If someone has indicated their intent to cross, but vehicles continue through the intersection, so that person doesn't fully enter so that they aren't hit, are they not waiting? That's semantics for you.

&nbsp;

It seems that in your world, someone would have to just continue into the street hoping not to get hit even though they likely would in order for the law to apply, nonsense. It's worth noting we have this reminder every week... I completely agree that everyone needs to know the rules. Especially the left on red but that's another conversation.

I'll see you on the road, i always do my best to leave space and share the road. I'm usually walking though since everything is close. Ride over to beulahland for a beer sometime. We can have a civilized conversation where we point out the flaws in each other's arguments until we're drunk and become"that guy" Either way Samuel L Jackson said it best. 


"if I'm letting you cross, better have those knees at your mothetfucking chest, KNEES TO CHEST"


In other words if you are NOT truly disabled, move your shit self righteous "share the road" but doesn't equate your single person hood slows down 200 people to their destinations.  While you are absolutely correct there are also tons of drivers who slam on their brakes allowing pedestrians to jaywalk.  This is also dangerous.  Pedestrians, drivers, and bikers all really need to learn how to use the roads properly. your right that is the LAW but there is also a practical component to the situation.

 we are all trying to get somewhere. 

 cars clearly dont mind stopping a large percentage of the time based on the flashing caution signals they install where cars stop (@&%@ even if there is no one is in the crosswalk) or people wearing reflective vests get more attention as well. 

there is  a lot going on when driving , not just the dumb stuff people do but a ton of things to be aware of and the dumb ass designs on some streets its very hard to see some people until the last second. Be aware that sometimes a sudden stop with the jackass behind us on a cell phone slamming on the brakes could result in being rear ended. I LOVE How the city installed crosswalks in the middle of the blocks on Powell, the median has mature trees which pedestrians stop at waiting for traffic but of course your view is blocked as a driver so you dont see them (esp in the inside lane) until the last second. 

its a team effort, Dont start to cross when a car is half way across an intersection and expect them to stop.  If a car has been waiting to turn and blocking the street how about pedestrians stop for the 3- 5 seconds it takes for the car to cross instead of just being entitled jerks and creating no break for the car. (esp bad on Hawthorne which I avoid)  My favorite pedestrian move is being partially through a turn  (right or left) and some pedestrian just starts crossing the road. HEY! you do have to give cars a certain distance to react

yes drivers can be more respectful but pedestrians here act very often like they are protected by the armor of the righteous. Crossing streets in the middle of a block, crossing 10 ft from a crosswalk, cutting corners  to the crosswalk, sprinting across streets when cross traffic has a green light to catch a bus, wearing all black at night, in the rain , talking on cell phones or listening to music and just walking with no warning across a street no even bothering to look up. 

Stings rarely work for bicyclists and pedestrians due to the time delay. They move slower allowing them to notice police and straighten up their behavior.



 this is such a difficult and unreasonable law to process for me.

all intersections?

so essentially every single block is a potential stop sign?

I travel up and down Hawthorne each and every day and I get people darting across the street in front of me every single day. I drive the speed limit or under. I've learned that no matter how slow I go, someone will still surprise the hell out of me. I spend more time looking for people trying to cross the street than I do actually looking at the street.

I also find it incredibly dangerous to stop in a situation where a pedestrian is attempting to cross 4 lanes of traffic. One car stops. The other lane continues. The pedestrian attempts to cross. Brakes are smashed. Then factor in oncoming traffic. I believe it does more harm than good.

I know my opinion is incredibly unpopular, but I think this is absolutely unreasonable. OP is incorrect in his/her title for posting. Not all street corners are crosswalks, though the majority are.

Corners that is not a crosswalk will have a sign stating this fact.  
 It may be a law, but I don't think it should be encouraged. Is it legal to hit protesters who are blocking traffic? Not nearly as cut and dry as you'd like to make it OP I totally would have ran over tons of pedestrians today if you didn't post this! Thanks! >*Motor* vehicles are required to stop at crosswalks and allow pedestrians waiting at them to cross.

Sweet. Thanks for the tip!

Now I can bike through crosswalks with reckless abandon while slaloming pedestrians. Save it for the rant thread [deleted] This is also a stupid rule because so few people know about it. More often than not it creates a dangerous situation when cars stop seemingly randomly to let pedestrians cross at random intersections  Along those lines, there is nothing more annoying than [niceholes](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=nicehole) who don't have a stop sign, stopping for cyclists who do have a stop sign. Bicycles are vehicles. As a cyclist, I love that I can talk with pedestrians so we can negotiate the intersection as humans. "No, go ahead, I have brakes, all good" Thaaaaaaaaank you.  I spend a lot of time on foot and this is a big issue for me. We're required not to hit them!  Coming to a complete stop is a bit silly, especially since most pedestrians in marked or unmarked crosswalk will, upon seeing a bicyclist, come to stop themselves and stare at you in confusion.  It's usually faster to go around them (after slowing down and allowing for a generous buffer) than to stop and persuade them to go. I've heard that waving anyone through, be it driver or pedestrian, can make one liable if an accident happens, anyways.  Do stop. Just don't expect them to go until other lanes have also stopped. Also to be aware of the fact that when the sun is out it gets really hard to see people in some places. I go super slow in stretches of my commute home because even in marked crosswalks it's hard to see people in the shade when the sun is blasting through sunglasses In fact [*ORS § 814.040 - Failure to yield to vehicle*](http://www.oregonlaws.org/ors/814.040) requires it:

>(1) A pedestrian commits the offense of pedestrian failure to yield to a vehicle if the pedestrian does any of the following:

>(a) Suddenly leaves a curb or other place of safety and moves into the path of a vehicle that is so close as to constitute an immediate hazard.

>(b) Fails to yield the right of way to a vehicle upon a roadway when the pedestrian is crossing the roadway at any point other than within a marked crosswalk or an unmarked crosswalk at an intersection.

>(c) Except as otherwise provided under the vehicle code, fails to yield the right of way to all vehicles upon the roadway. As a cyclist, the number of people that start to cross the street without looking is obnoxious.  This is the first thing your guardians teach you when you're a young child crossing the street.

You live in Portland, and listening for a car engine is not enough to safely walk into the street. Absolutely, I like to take one step off of the curb and wait, making eye contact with the the motorists as they approach. If one lane stops, I wait for the other to also stop. Hopefully this is common sense stuff to most :) I feel like my dad saying this, but so many people cross without looking, as though that automatically gives them the right of way. Also, be aware that the unmarked crosswalks rule only applies to public streets. Private streets, apartment complex entrances, shopping center parking lot entrances, etc. don't count. The Portland Police do them here all the time. The results are always tragic-comic. https://www.portlandoregon.gov/transportation/article/583140 Yes please!  Demonstrate intent.  Staring blankly half into your phone and half into the street while standing *near* a curb apron at a corner is not signaling intent. I'll have to remember this. I have half-rant composed this thread so many times. Wife was hit by a TriMet short bus a few years back and I became intimately familiar with pedestrian law in Oregon. If you have any questions related to this area, look up Ray Thomas--he literally wrote the handbook on [Oregon Pedestrian law](http://www.stc-law.com/pdf/OPRlegal_guide.pdf).  [deleted] Also if a pedestrian is by a bus stop it's really hard to tell if they're trying to cross the street or just waiting for the bus. I've never had any more trouble crossing Hawthorne than any other street, I either walk to a light or I choose a corner and when there's a reasonable break in traffic I waltz out paying attention in case someone is driving incorrectly. In the city of Portland specifically:

>[16.70.210](https://www.portlandoregon.gov/citycode/article/16267): No pedestrian may cross a street other than within a crosswalk if within 150 feet of a crosswalk.

"Crosswalks" here include unmarked crosswalks at intersections.   Yeah, we get the old "I'll cross wherever the hell I damn well please" guys who step out from the middle of the block, usually from in-between parked cars, all the time on Belmont.   Obviously you shouldn't try and hit them. But if you did, they would be at fault, not you. Well... if they are not in an intersection you are not required to yield, and them entering traffic is illegal. Or them entering traffic unexpectedly even at an intersection is illegal. Peds have to show intent to cross that allows adequate time for traffic to safely allow for it, and as a driver you should be paying attention so you're aware where peds might (legally, at least) be.

Of course, if not yielding means you hit them, then yes you have to yield/stop regardless, cars being giant and metal and all Gun it Marge FYI: "PSA" was the new "FYI" "Under Oregon law, a pedestrian is crossing the roadway in a crosswalk when any part or extension of the pedestrian, including but not limited to any part of the pedestrian’s body, wheelchair, cane, crutch or bicycle, moves into the roadway in a crosswalk with the intent to proceed." It's pretty clear. I also noted that I take one step off of the sidewalk, thus signifying my intent to cross. This was all in the original post... [deleted] you have your marked crosswalks (marked with signs, white lines, etc), and then you have all other intersections which are legally considered pedestrian crossing zones. only if something is explicitly NOT a crosswalk will there be a sign stating that Random people walking into the street mid block? yes.  If they are there and you see them not so much. Thanks bud, this wouldn't have been a worthwhile post without a comment from NEPXDer that adds nothing to the conversation. I believe the key take away here is to not turn on your headlights as you continue speeding through the intersection because OP finds that extra annoying. In a related story today, I watched a cyclist blow through the red light at W. Burnside and 19th flying the birds at the red light camera.  He then went to wrong way around the bus stop and continued onto Morrison.  It was a treat. [deleted] Some crosses are found to be more dangerous than others, so they get extra visibility. That does not make lesser marked crosses less important or not valid in any way. 

>In my experience, crosswalks seem to create pedestrian-invulnerability-zones, where certain pedestrians lose their sense of caution when navigating a dangerous roadway.

Certain people will be certain ways no matter the scenario, and I personally like having the feeling sometimes that something simple like crossing a road isn't  death defying. Especially because of how many times I cross roads throughout the day. 

> There's all these variations that force even diligent, cautious drivers to go through very . . .

This is why we have driver's licenses, speed limits, etc. I'm totally with you. I find pedestrians attempting to cross one block away from a marked and signaled cross walk. It makes no sense to me. [deleted] Happens everyday when I cross burnside from Floral on the Laurelhurst side.  One lane stops but the other two keep going at 40 mph, and the car ends up waiting there, backing up traffic. I've taken to shrugging at niceholes and politely shouting "you have the right of way!" with a dumb smile on my face.  To be fair, I've seen a lot of cyclists that will just blast through stop signs without watching for cars. I can't blame anyone for not wanting to risk it. [deleted] Bicyclists are required to do the exact same as cars unless there's a specific law that exempts them. This State law is [ORS 814.400](http://www.oregonlaws.org/ors/814.400), which says in part the following:

> Every person riding a bicycle upon a public way is subject to the provisions applicable to and has the same rights and duties as the driver of any other vehicle [...]

Are you saying there's a specific statute that exempts bicyclists from having to stop for pedestrians like cars do?

It's also courteous. Nobody wants a biker whizzing by them at close distance. Pedestrians do that because cyclists are always trying to run them over.  No. You think you're helping, but you're not. You're creating a dangerous situation by making blind spots for them. If someone is crossing mid-block without a crosswalk, they're waiting for a break in traffic, and they expect to wait. Stopping inconveniences them, not to mention everyone else on the road. Don't be a nicehole. So much this This also applies to people wearing dark clothing at night when it's raining. Thanks, that's the exact code I was thinking of Subsection B makes me wonder, is jaywalking not a punishable offense here?
 Sounds like you need to be extra careful, as a cyclist, then huh? > listening for a car engine

Hybrids and electrics can be really quiet.
 ...then haul ass across the road with a friendly wave? protect my ass 101 And so many people neglect to stop when I signal my intent to cross and step into the street. What's your point? Pretty sure it's the driver who was an asshole in this situation. I was failed on my first driving test (Sherwood) because a pedestrian to my left was *near* the crosswalk and I didn't stop to see if they intended to cross. Which they didn't. I constantly see people crossing 20-50ft away from a crosswalk. It's infuriating.  I do this all the time... once I have waited for all cars to pass and the road is clear.   If you were still able to stop and did not, you would be at fault regardless. You are required to avoid hitting things/people whenever possible. I thought PSA was the new TMYK?  TIL. [deleted] [deleted] We're clearly talking around each other here and it's pointless, but again. ODOT defines being in a crosswalk as "when any part or extension of the pedestrian, including but not limited to any part of the pedestrian’s body, wheelchair, cane, crutch or bicycle, moves into the roadway in a crosswalk with the intent to proceed." So stepping off of the curb (and waiting there because wandering into traffic would be stupid) is in fact defined as being in the crosswalk. I really can't spell it out for you in any clearer. Feel free to put in a last word, but this conversation is over for me. I think there should be an exception for people purposely blocking traffic.  What can I say worthless shitposts pull me in.

Come on man, its been days of talking about the girl crossing the crosswalk being hit by the asshole Saudi.  Did you really need to post this? The point of the headlight story is to bring to light (see what I did there) the meaning for the post. Some people aren't just not noticing peds, they aren't even aware of the law or choose to ignore it. This law doesn't exist in every state (every intersection being a crossing) and there are a good amount of people moving into the state. Some of them likely read this sub reddit. My post isn't without merit. But... the car I'm driving today has auto turning on running lights... so I can't even do that :( Yep, blowing the red lights is crazy-dangerous. Speed and inertia make it even worse. I assume this one was today too, very close to your experience.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmAkrmc07ws I was doing the Oaks Bottom loop last night with my pup, and a jogger passed me on the left. As he was passing me, a biker came hauling ass behind us and yelled at both of us for blocking his way. I don't think you should be on a bike if you can't use your brakes or share the damn road. What an impatient twat. that must mean that all cyclists are a-holes. Good to know.  False. Your ignorance is astounding Whatever I'm still not stopping for pedestrians at unmarked crosswalks.   And they get *so pissed*. Same.  I never accept the right of way when I stop last at a four-way.  It's so much easier to just proceed in the correct order.  And it's obviously faster for the car to accelerate through the intersection from a dead stop than it is for me to do so on my bike. I could be wrong, but I believe the green paint, yellow bike signage, etc, are meant to warn that there is heavy bike traffic in the vicinity and to use caution, not that bicycles have the absolute right of way. If a car is approaching an intersection where a pedestrian is crossing, they don't really have to come to a complete stop if they slow down enough so that the pedestrian can easily cross - imagine the car is at the far end of the block, approaching the intersection.  Similarly, you don't really need to stop a bicycle and put a foot down all that often to let pedestrians cross, you just need to slow down, or indicate for them to cross while not speeding up.   The statute doesn't have much to do with reality when addressed to bicyclists, although I guess this was technically a PSA about the statute, not its merits.  Having said that, though, you're being deliberately obtuse, silly, or both. I can't read apparently. Didn't see "mid-block." Jaywalking is legal. But crossing against a "don't walk" sign is illegal. So naturally the smart thing to do downtown is to jaywalk just outside of the marked crosswalk. Yep - safety and awareness is not a one way street. I fast walk, and sometimes add a bonus head nod ;) Yeah, i've had times where I stood at intersections on Halsey with a foot in the street staring down drivers for upwards of 5 minutes. Gets frustrating fast.  The point is that both drivers AND pedestrians are arseholes in Portland. My point is just that some people don't look both ways when they cross. Why so hostile? Perfectly reasonable.  It's the ones who step out directly in front of my car that I take issue with. Why is it that every time I make this point someone thinks I'm saying to run jaywalkers over? That's why I said "obviously you shouldn't try and hit them". What you described would fall under "trying to hit them". Life isn't GTA. FML [LET OP: DREMPELS!](http://i.imgur.com/VskM0JV.png) You're debating semantics. I could see it being worth your time to comment had I only written the first paragraph; However, more information was provided. Me too but such opinions get us downvotes. Until drivers start obeying simple laws, or at least effectively feigning ignorance of them, then I imagine that every little bit helps. Hey, haven't seen your name around these parts for a bit. Welcome back. > What an impatient twat.

So an average Portlander, then? About as useful information as this entire post. Not all, but most of them are [deleted] [deleted] I stand there and shout "you do not have a stop sign," and I stay put until they proceed. They throw up their arms in frustration and speed off like you've somehow inconvenienced them. I wave them on, especially when I'm on a bike. I need a hand signal that says "There are multiple lanes I need to cross and you're the only car that's stopped and you're holding up traffic even though there's an opening if I wait ten seconds." While what you're talking about isn't an egregious violation, the special snowflake bicyclist was talking about going around the pedestrian because they were inconvenienced. That's a far cry from your hypothetical.

I appreciate what you're saying and it can be perfectly safe and unthreatening to a pedestrian to merely slow to a crawl but, in contrast to your claim, cars and bicycles are required by law to stop for pedestrians in a crosswalk.

The statute is literally titled "Failure to stop and remain stopped for pedestrian". I'm not sure anyone has even cited it in this thread, so [HERE](http://www.oregonlaws.org/ors/811.028) it is. Just pointing out the law that you're required to follow. I find that educating people about the law allows for them to make informed decisions.

Now that you are aware of the law (though you probably already knew), you can make the informed decision to be a special snowflake who is immune to the laws that govern everyone else in your position, such as me and everyone who ever rides a bicycle in Oregon.

If you find the law obtuse or silly, you may wish to direct your efforts to your state representative regarding the law. Good to know, thanks. Ah, downtown style, very nice! Totally. A motorist is just an asshole in a car. A cyclist is just an asshole on a bike. And a pedestrian is just an asshole on foot. People site law when it's convenient for them. The cyclist that rides down a high traffic street instead of a suggested bike route 1 or 2 blocks away is being an asshole... i know we have full use of the lane etc, but just because you can, doesn't mean you should. Just because you can cross at any intersection doesn't mean you should if it's a high traffic or commercial street where there is probably a marked crosswalk 1 block in either direction. Laws are about setting liability in the event of an accident. You can be a victim and an asshole at the same time. Living in society means being occasionally inconvenienced.  its not semantics its law. if your on the sidewalk waiting your not in the  crosswalk.

you sorta mentioned this and your partially correct in your complaint [deleted] [deleted] So how many lives do you think you saved today bro?  3? 10?  Thanks for being a hero on Reddit! I try to avoid preddit a lot of the time :) I don't recognize your username though. All I got from this post was that I should go hike Dog Mountain. You're correct. Ignore the downvotes Nah. I know you Yeah see why it's a dumb rule? A pedestrian can dart out at any random intersection and because it's a "crosswalk" the driver will be responsible if they are hit.   <3 In defining your argument you defined arguing semantics therfore making it a semantics argument.  

Point for the other guy. [deleted] I just remember you because you have (or had) a motorcycle. hike updog mountain? I don't care about fake internet points, I have sex [deleted] [deleted] Aha. Had two, sold them, which is crazy because I've had motos continuously since 2003. But it was sad to leave them unused in the garage. *What's updog mountain?* I'm listening. You as well. I'd be happy to share a beer and talk timbers but i know that we could never sway one another on social issues. That doesn't mean two people couldn't be friendly does it? It wasn't meant to make sense. [deleted] Eh... I suppose you're right my we could have plenty of fun rants together. I'm having a Guinness and playing with my kids so i can't look back but it wasn't something to the effect of cyclists not having a negative impact and perception=/=reality.
I strongly disagree. Feel free to join me for toddlers and beer if you care to"debate" (lol, i know that arguing these topics is like pissing in the wind. I'm ok with it and still strive to be a positive member of the community) [deleted] It's Reddit. But just one example of cyclists negatively impacting drivers is their tendency to ignore the rules of the road. This forces drivers to react in an often unsafe manner. The cyclist will often blame the motor vehicle but it's the cyclist who often operate unpredictably. Motor vehicle traffic is typically more predictable. Cyclist will never kill more people than cars because of obvious things like speed/mass but they often don't coexist well with motor vehicles on roads whose primary purpose is to serve motor vehicles And this isn't a condemnation of cyclists. It's human nature. People are often self absorbed assholes. Any mode of transport can be sketchy because of the operator. [deleted] I think you're missing the point. The primary purpose of our roads is motor vehicle use. We're trying to incorporate more use for cyclists through signals and markings without adding enforcement (obvious things like stop signs and turning often get ignored by cyclists because they know that there aren't repercussions) that negatively impacts the regular flow of traffic. That isn't a feeling. Casual observation is enough for a reasonable person to see this. To claim that there isn't a negative impact is untrue. 
The lady driving down the bike path didn't kill anything but it's unsafe and negatively impacted people in that moment. 
I don't expect to blow your mind with new information. It's the basis for most of this conflict. To believe that one side is completely correct and the other not is childish.
Making an absolute statement is astoundingly ignorant. It tells me that, despite offering the possibility that your mind could be changed, you're well set in your opinion on this issue.
In another thread somebody posted about pbot wanting to be able to regulate speed to account for cyclist. While I'm against portland bureaucrats being in control of this i think it's pretty obvious that odot needs to do more. Certain areas just can't handle the speed limits anymore. It's inevitable that pedestrian and bike traffic will increase in the city. More needs to be done. But short sighted "feely" decisions aren't the answer.

Another negative impact:. Neighborhoods (include those with large cyclist populations) complain about auto traffic rerouting through their streets to avoid bike blvds and areas where barriers are in place to give greater access to cyclists. Does that mean I'm saying that cyclists shouldn't be receiving safe venues for travel? No, simply that it has a negative impact. Not just on motorists but residents who live in areas where traffic gets diverted. Those areas will become more dangerous for pedestrians because those streets weren't designed to handle the volume. 

The ideas are well intentioned but short sighted. Law of unintended consequences and whatnot.

As to me being anti cyclist that really isn't true. I'm anti most people who holds onto a belief so strongly without regard to others. And even then I'm supportive of their rights and the need for everyone to find common ground and accommodate each other. 