Inspected for Gentrification  If the house is located where OP said, the gentrification tag doesn't even apply, it is just a new expensive house in a neighborhood of old expensive houses.  They've built a few of these South of Woodstock. 

[This one sold for $455k in March, but it does have a 650sqft guest house in the back while the main is huge at 2700sqft, but damn, that's a chunk of money](http://www.zillow.com/b/6806-SE-45th-Ave-Portland-OR/45.47393,-122.61596_ll/) FWIW, I love the style and look. Where is this?

The sign thing, well it might be dopey but I laughed.  [deleted] This style of house reminds me of modern architecture from the 70's.  It may seem like a good idea at the time, but in 30 years they will go the way of olive green shag carpet. Looks like the penniless activists have resumed their campaigns of gestures of impotent rage. Aaaahh....spring in Portland. EarthAdvantage certification is actually a pretty big deal. People should be happy. *Urban Renewal Whatever material that grey is....it looks so tacky. 
These houses look like they were made in minecraft
 I hate the yard. So edgy [deleted] Gentrification = Proximity of SJW's + N.  Where N is expressed as the value of making a shit hole less of a shit hole.

 I'm okay with the house, but I kinda hate their landscaping. Missed opportunity, for sure. That is one nice energy efficient home. Advantage Energy did its evaluation so it probably has extra thick insulation, maybe a ductless heat pump and smart water heater, double pane windows. It gonna have some low electric and gas bills. no lie i'd love this house up in olympia :3 at least it's not one of the fugly giant whole lot, tiny window box homes. I really wish Portland would impose an aesthetic standard to new buildings. It's possible to build a new house cheaply and not have it look like crap.  Go white people!! Barf [deleted] The interior of that place is absolutely beautiful. See, I would be fine living in the ADU.  I would be fine with a house 800 - 1200 sq ft. Yeah, I've been watching this little development. It took forever to sell the first (spec?) place...such an awful street, though. That's a lot of money for that area, but who knows what people are thinking. The mortgage on $450k is about $2100/month. The ADU rental estimate is $1250/month. $850/month for a massive, brand new house sounds like a good deal to me. thats actually a decent price for that kind of home.  Yeah, I like these as well, but sometimes the paint jobs are weird... like two tone black/white (I saw that a few years back). Just paint it normal and let the architecture speak for itself. I don't understand why all of these condos are being painted gray and brown.. It's so gloomy. It's a lot more mid century mod than the house across the street from me which looks like a Monet. It's amazing. I wish I could see pictures of the interior design, as well. I guess it looks alright but I would hate living in a house crammed up that close to my neighbors. I do too, but my main issue with them is a lot of the time, they just look ridiculously out of place because all of the other nearby houses will inevitably look decades old. I find them to be pretty ugly. The siding to (ugly)window ratio is quite the detractor.The wood paneling, front door, and garage door are a bit eccentric(i like eccentric) but the siding and ugly window cancel that shit out and then some. I think it looks ugly (garage door front and center), but that's not my main concern. I think it's ridiculous that people are allowed to build houses that are not accessible to people in wheelchairs.  I thought the sign was great.  Subtle enough I didn't notice it immediately.

Just south of Lincoln on 46th or so. Yeah, I don't really get the hate on newer houses that aren't on giant lots. I just bought a smaller townhouse on a split lot. It was built in 2000 and it's how we were able to afford a newish build to get those niceities like three-prong outlets and insulation. That's what people said about Victorians in the 20s. Appropriate name.   I was going to say it looks like something I would have designed when I was 14 and first got introduced to AutoCADD. My guess is it's a cement-board like Hardie Plank. If it's anything like what has been built out here in the suburbs, they screwed up the underlying vapor barrier and the house will have to be re-skinned in 8-10 years. The developer didn't consult with you prior to construction... the travesty of it all! There are some nice native sedges though.  I'd still totally live in it. yeah so is my girl's but i keep coming back for more ya feel Reminds me of a dentists office. I like it more than most of the boring "traditional" skinny-houses.

Bring on the gentrification in my skeezy neighborhood of shabby Vietnamese joints Single White Jabronis? Have to look over on the East side!  The condos up by the water tower are nice. Whose aesthetic standards? You can't legislate taste. If nothing else I'm pretty sure there's a restriction on how much of the front of the house can be garage. That's my least favorite part of those even cheaper box houses from the 80s and 90s. I don't like the lighting placement. I don't need to feel like I'm in a theatre production in my own house. I swear to God I've seen that on ApartmentTherapy.com; Or something dead up like it. Or it just looks like it will be there one day For the estimated $1250/mo rent? > place...such an awful street, though. That's a lot of money for that area, but who knows what people are thinking

perfect assessment.  this home stood out as by far the nicest on the street.  not a sound financial decision.   [/u/PDXSb's comment below](http://www.reddit.com/r/Portland/comments/35z01o/inspected_for_gentrification/cr96cgd) So you just don't want to live in a city then.  Isn't that basically always true though, of modern infill? Should builders always make sure only to advance the style of a street one decade at a time? The thing is, these things sell and sell to people who genuinely love them. So are those developers doing something wrong?

On the flip side, I managed to find a builder who would make me a brand new Craftsman, two stories not three or four, not monstrously large either, taking up less than half a city lot. So those options absolutely exist too and people can find them if they look...

...but if someone puts two of these next to us I won't mind at all. I bet the same thing was said when the 1930's house was built next to our neighbors 1890's house, then our modern 1950's house was built next to the 1930's house...

 Why should a private domicile be required to be accessible to people in wheelchairs? If you think houses are ugly and overpriced now... That's stupid, I don't want a ramp at my house, I'm not wheelchair bound. When I look for a new house and it's all wheelchair accessible, then it's not going to be correctly adapted for my height, which is 6'4" >  think it's ridiculous that people are allowed to build houses that are not accessible to people in wheelchairs.

That shit is expensive. If you want that on your own house, pay to put it in.

You know how many people in wheelchairs I know? 0. You are a beautiful troll.  Yeah traditional classic,  not boxy trendy contemporary like a volvo station wagon. whipper snapper, when i was 14 we were still using drafting machines and pencils, not even the fancy mechanical pencils either!.

 Oh geez that's terrifying.  My house was built about 10 years ago, sided with hardiplank. I just got done suing my builder, shit is rotting and leaking. Hardi is good stuff, but you gotta put it on right. > If it's anything like what has been built out here in the suburbs, they screwed up the underlying vapor barrier

so many definitive assumptions.   I do appreciate when developers put in native plants or xeriscaping, but I just really can't stand bark dust. Gives me the heebie jeebies. PACK IT UP FOLKS WE'RE DONE HERE! Disagree. Shabby Vietnamese joints are one of the best parts of this town and you know it. Id rather we stop displacing ethnic communities myself. 

Edit: original post was a bit rude. More flies with honey than vinager.  Single Female Lawyer? i always forget what a good word jabroni is... need to add that back into my vocabulary. It's a trick. All Jabronis are single cause they are too slick to ever settle down and get married. Soluble water jellybeans Spokane ? Exactly. Clearly someone likes the style. I like it... and people generally don't care if you like your 1926 bungalow over this 2015 modern structure. I, for one, appreciate the diversity of Portland's residential architecture.  His taste is the correct one, though.  Tell that to the HOA I think you can lay down some basics. Plenty of cities have done it. I'm not talking about much, just making sure it looks like it fits into the neighborhood.  Exactly.

This is a city that thought it'd be a good idea to put giant glowing tentacles on the sidewalks. I beleive currently it's 25% of the front of your house can be garage door.  Well, at the 1200 sqft end of that range at least, that rent would be pretty amazing for a desirable location in a desirable city. Well, I live in the city and don't have that.  I think it's gonna be about another five to ten years before it's like that where I am, plenty of time to figure out something else... I certainly don't see anything wrong with the style or the way they're built, nor did I say such. I love the modern style, but to me, aesthetically, it looks strange surrounded by considerably un-modern houses. Because it expands the options for people who have mobility issues. Plus, there are plenty of requirements for houses that aren't necessary. It would be much better to require something that allows equal access to everyone rather than mandating setbacks (and various other things).  > That shit is expensive

The cost is negligible for a new build. All they would have to do to make the main floor accessible is to use a ramp to the front door rather than stairs. It's not very difficult or expensive. 

> You know how many people in wheelchairs I know?

Dozens, at least.  volvo station wagons do have quite a following though... Don't be daft, you had mechanicals.  I still have my father's old set of those AND the mutli-tip pens for doing finish work. > If 

A conditional is, by definition, not definitive. While that's a lovely sentiment, how do you propose we go about doing it? So, do we set up protective areas where only people of certain colors are allowed to rent or buy? Who decides that? Since when do starving artists could as ethnic minorities? Havin' lots of sex.  It's one of my favorites, along with jackwagon and dingus. Oly? > I, for one, appreciate the diversity of Southern California's residential architecture.

FTFY HOAs are private institutions. That is different than public policy. There already are "basics" in the very comprehensive city building code. 

And when you add more codes, the price of housing goes up more.

If someone's building a house you don't like, tough titty. How on earth can only a percentage of your garage door be on any side? We all have to pay for elevators in our house just in case someone in a wheelchair wanted to buy our house or may want to buy it in the future? Not following... Equal access to everyone for a house? If you think you can just roll into my house, I've got something for you. > The cost is negligible for a new build.

No it's not. The ADA required things the city of Portland wanted installed during the build-out of my last company's office space were not negligible. It's not just ramps, it's elevators for second or third floors, everything needs to be extra wide, counters and sinks need to not only be lower, but need space UNDER them to allow wheelchairs users to actually pull up to the counter, rather than being kept 3 feet back by their chair and legs. (Edit: actually I think I'm remembering wrong about the counters, but the city did want an elevator installed) I pondered this for a moment.  Is there a good reason most new construction builds 1-3 Steps Instead of a similar grade ramp? Sometimes i like sitting on the steps but if the cost is truly equal...    My mechanical drafting teacher was pretty oldschool. We had to learn technique with graded pencils (rotate and draw) before advancing to pin-vise style mechanical pencils and lead pointers. I too still have a set of my uncles mechanicals from the late 60's. http://i.imgur.com/M0bWify.gif They were talking about a bunch of vietnamese people. Not starving artists. ooooo, lol i am [dumb](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8X_Ot0k4XJc) if you don't like it build your own goddamn house. I hope there is brail on everything. Ramps take a lot more space than steps do, therefore it's a lot easier to just build steps. My guess would be that it reduces costs by allowing the basement or crawl space to not have to be dug down as far. When I learned in junior high it was just rulers and #2 pencils, but it was junior high, it was more about drafting concepts than about technique.  I'm not saying lower the house, just why concrete stairs over a ramp other then preference?  Oh, duh, totally mis-read that. No idea. 