Five star restaurants? Looking to take my mom to a nice place for Christmas. Any suggestions?

edit: Thanks for the input, everybody! - Second Empire it is! I showed Mom some pictures & she loves it. She is in a wheelchair so just in case somebody searches wheelchair accessible restaurants on this sub, I will post an update later for reference. Second for Second Empire. Easily one of the very few actual 5-Star places I can think of. Don't subject your mom to the inconsistency of Angus Barn.  [The Fearrington](http://www.fearrington.com/the-fearrington-house-inn/) is beautiful and the food is great, but it's quite expensive and you'd likely need to make reservations well before Christmas. What about [Second Empire?](http://www.second-empire.com)? It all depends on who is doing the rating.  There are no Michelin Star restaurants in the area; also the price is high.  Try the first 2 below, the others are just recommendations. 

* Herons (maybe different chef now)

* The Fearrington House Restaurant

* Saint Jacques (may be considered 4 star)

* Second Empire (may be considered 4 star) McDonalds on Western is excellent, I've had many successful dates there. Is Angus Barn a 5 star place? 

Either way, they've got some serious food...for a serious price 
 No idea of the star rating but I love the food, atmosphere, and service at Sullivan's on Glenwood.  What rating system are you talking about? Michelin only gives a maximum of 3 stars.  Il Palio is an excellent "five star" Islam placed in chapel hill. It's a hotel restaurant, but don't let that deter you.

Bin Fifty Four is IMO a four star restaurant that would be worth it.

I've never been there, but The One is also extremely upscale.

And if course as others have said, Farrington is there most expensive you'll find in this area -- haven't been there yet, but I hear it's incredible. I'm surprised there's not much love for Heron's here. They are probably the most upscale dining experience in the area in a traditional sense. Their tasting menu is phenomenal, and they have 5 stars from Forbes, and a AAA 5 Diamond Award, as well as multiple James Beard Nominations.
 18 Seaboard has been really good the 2 or 3 times I've been, reasonably priced as well.  Like a lot of the people in here I'd say you should go ahead and get a reservation now for Second Empire. It's one of the few Raleigh restaurants where there probably won't be people wearing jeans and looking like they can't wait to get drunk. 

If you've never been, Second Empire is a lovely restored Victorian house. The chef is accomodating to vegans, the wait staff were really knowledgeable and pleasant both times I've been. 


Now, if you want to take a walk on the wild side with your mom, bring her to Tasca Brava on South Glenwood. It's 5 star food, and a crazy chef that can make it a 1-5 star experience.  Seaboard 18 is fantastic, my family and I go there every Christmas Eve.

Why am I getting downvoted for this??? Agreed, the chef left Angus Barn a while ago to open Second Empire. Worked at SE for a couple years and absolutely loved it. The whole staff works very hard to give our guest's an awesome experience.  Agreed on Second Empire. Sister in law worked there and it truly is 5-star. The chief and the wait staff are outstanding. great wine at SE! I was not impressed by second empire. They over complicate the recipe, so there is simply too much going on.  
I agree on Angus Barn, not worth the hype. I really enjoyed Apex City Grill (in Apex),  although I don't think it classifies as "5 Star." The food however, much better than SE and Angus Barn. Thanks for the input. I was between the two, and this sealed the deal. Second Empire it is! Angus Barn is not 5 star.  I usually average about $100 per person when I go there. 18 Seaboard is good, but not a 5 star restaurant. Last time I was there there were families wearing t-shirts and ball caps.  Its good, but as u/JEKaminski said, I've ate there in flip-flops. Is that why AB has been so wildly inconsistent? If I'm paying $35 for a steak, it better be delicious. Used to go with the family once a month, stopped going after a horrible experience on my 21^st birthday, where they decided to (not-jokingly) call my mom old, and still demand to see ID. 

I've just gone to Rey's and never looked back. But for ⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆ places, I can't think of a better place than SE. It's very, very good. This was a long time ago. The current chef at Second Empire is the owner along with the Reynolds and opened the restaurant.  What's "a long time ago"? When Second Empire opened which was 1997. 