Trying to find a place to live. Need some help Can some of you point me in the right direction. I'm looking for somewhere to live and its been largely impossible. I'm a moderately disabled person and my credit was trashed by the accident that disabled me. I'm just trying to find a decent apartment and its been largely difficult. Any help would be appreciated. Thank you in advance. What's your budget? How disabled, do you need wheelchair accessible? No stairs? Etc? Can I ask, has the difficulty been more due to your disability or your credit? As in, are you finding apartments that would rent to you that you couldn't easily access, or do the accessible apartments have credit qualifications you can't meet? I have a friend trying to sublease an apartment 5 mins outside of North Hills, it's $815/mo and apparently really gorgeous. Let me know if you're interested and I'll send you her info. This more info.  Its mostly credit qualifications. i can be just fine in a standard apartment it just seems like there are so many hurdles in getting someone to approve me. Yes, Please send me the info. I'm actually pretty mobile so I don't need a wheelchair and I can do stairs. My budget is about 1000 dollars and I'm ok with any location as long as its safe. I messaged her on FB to see what all info she wants me to send since I don't want to throw phone numbers out to the wind without permission. :v I'll PM you as soon as I hear back from her. There are a lot of new buildings going up in Raleigh.  They are going for around $1000/month and since they are new, they may not do a credit check since they are looking to fill units.  Also, have you explained why your credit will be low since your disability is the cause of your credit issues?  Also, make sure your disability is documented by a health care provider to back up these claims. Thank you for your help.
 She still hasn't replied back to me so I don't know if someone else is taking it over or if she's just been busy. I'll send her another message just in case. 