Raleigh moves forward with plans for a 20-story City Hall downtown  i hope it has cool architecture and not be another boring glass box like the new FNB building theyre putting up on the plaza In other news, Raleigh's downtown street potholes and uneven patchwork paving take out it's millionth car!

​

Congratulations Carl from Cary! You win another costly alignment from your local mechanic! I just got 'nice info'd' to death here - LOL, what can I say, thanks for the information guys! Why do they have to build it in the most expensive area of the city for construction ? > The city’s municipal parking deck could also be renovated or torn down to allow for public-private development.

There ya go, tear down a parking deck in the process. That'll make parking downtown *even better*.  Wow... so cool... are they going to tear down another piece of Raleigh culture and use cookie cutter modern architecture for the design? They say they want to make it super cool and interesting. But we will see.  NCDOT (who manages the main roads in Raleigh) and the city have been really quick whenever I’ve reported potholes here lately. Usually a 24 hour response. No comment on the uneven patchwork though, seems like a common problem when there are so many different contractors tearing up the streets.  You can submit a problem with a pothole through the city portal here: https://seeclickfix.com/raleigh

Or, if it's a state road, you can go here: https://www.ncdot.gov/contact/Pages/default.aspx Was it on Morgan Street?  C'mon ... Morgan Street!  Also potholes that are reported on Waze automatically get sent to the city to get repaired. Good. Parking decks ruin downtowns. Alternative modes of transportation into downtown is what creates livable, dense environments. It's a smallish parking deck, like 3 or 4 levels, and has a lot of unused space around it. What they mean is do something like The Dillon that is on top of about 7 levels of parking. So it would be enough to meet needs of city offices AND the private development.  It would likely still have some parking element but that's not fully planned out yet. We'll know more when the master plan is set and approved.  Before you call the current town hall a cool piece of Raleigh culture, I challenge you to take a tour of it - in a wheelchair. Yes, please keep our beloved Brutalist architecture Amen. People complain about parking in urban centers, but unless we want to live in a city where half of the usable space is parking lots or decks then they either need to be built entirely underground or we need to invest in better transport from outer areas of the city. 

&#x200B;

I've personally found Raleigh's public transport to be pretty decent for the size of the city since I've lived here, and hopefully that will continue to improve as people and companies moved downtown from the suburbs and RTP. 

&#x200B;

Downtown Raleigh is great and can be even greater, but stunting development in favor of parking is NOT the way to move it forward. They're going to install a new parking deck, only run by a private entity and likely with parking fees 24/7, so it's not like it's an improvement.

It's attached to the municipal building. Raleigh is larger than downtown, sometimes people from outside of the beltline have to drive in to deal with government business... and since we're no longer part of any light rail plans and it will likely still take multiple hours to get downtown on the bus from most places outside of I-440 for decades to come... Hey I don't want to come off as defensive of the Municipal Building because it's terrible but what parts of it are currently wheelchair inaccessible? Other than the ridiculous bowl area out front, I can't think of any where in the building that would suck for a wheelchair bound person. Lol... no, I was more thinking they would keep the old one open while they built the new one, so they would be destroying another piece of Raleigh culture as the developers have been doing the past five years. Politicians, ugly buildings, and whores all get respectable if they last long enough. Stef Mdendell has been really adamant about providing parking for people who are coming for city business. 

[We're currently in the middle of a pilot program for free parking for public meeting attendees](https://www.raleighnc.gov/home/news/content/CorNews/Articles/ComplimentaryParking.html)

There are the kinds of things voters have to remember when its time to vote.  I honestly can't find it now, but I remember a news article from.last year where someone mentioned the building and especially the city council chamber being very unfriendly to.the handicap.  

If I'm wrong and imagining things I'm sorry. In my walkthroughs of the building I can't think of anything that jumps out as me as being handicap unfriendly. The council chambers themselves are a ramp through the audience chairs down to the podium. As I remember, there a step up to get to the council table itself but nothing as I remember for a member of the public.

Take this with a grain of salt though because I've never been wheelchair bound and so there may be something I'm completely overlooking. 