RPD officer going above and beyond Another example of a [RPD officer](http://i.imgur.com/WAJn0eR.jpg) going above and beyond.

[Original Facebook post](https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152151192984361&set=a.457992044360.242921.48881334360&type=1&relevant_count=1)

CBS 6: WTVR [News Report](http://wtvr.com/2014/02/11/what-this-richmond-police-officer-did-to-a-man-in-a-wheelchair-should-make-you-smile/) [NBC 12](http://www.nbc12.com/story/24698438/rpd-act-of-kindness) news coverage and interview of the officer It's a sad state of affairs when a cop acting like a decent human being is something newsworthy. This is propaganda.  What's not reported is the recent study showing a black man is killed by police every 28 hours in this country.  It's this steady stream of unopposed propaganda that has everyone believing the origins of the modern police department are rooted in crime prevention.  They're not.  The police department as we know it started in the mid 1800's in London and New York City as a means of non lethal crowd control to deal with frequent riots and public protests.  Shortly afterwords the police department in South Carolina began, as mounted slave patrols looking for runaway human property were given badges, firmly rooting racism in the very birth of our boys in blue.  So an individual cop can be a nice guy or an asshole, but they're role in our society is to serve and protect one class, and suppress another.  This is evidenced by the fact that no perjuring NSA director or predatory bank CEO is ever handcuffed, while every black teenager selling pot is beat up and locked down.  It is for this reason I side with gangsta rappers NWA when they say "Fuck the Police!" Hey what do you know, not a single comment. Not surprised a bit. If this had been about the cop speeding or some other stupid shit everyone would be screaming for this guy to lose his job and be burned at the stake. Nice to see this guy get a shout for doing a good job. Seriously, the cop hatred on Reddit is getting ridiculous. I love this site so much but seriously sometimes....fuck you guys. This point exactly. Why is It news/noteworthy when a cop helps out a citizen in need? 

 The bad cops are always the ones who get noticed most. Unfortunately that's just the way reddit works. I've had a lot of good experiences with police and some bad ones, it really just depends on which ones are good people rather than good cops. I think the "Serve" of "Protect and Serve" is forgotten by many police these days, but it's nice to at least see this guy getting some attention through the news for going out of his way to help out someone in need. It does have 48 upvotes versus only 5 downvotes. Not a lot of hate. A bad cop story gets attention because they have a unique position in our society. They have a monopoly on legal violence.  A cop can smash in your door, shoot your dog, rip apart your home, and face zero consequence for this behavior.    An officer can lie, and only the strength of his testimony alone have you convicted of a crime. Police officers have tremendous power.  This is necessary for their job, but the public expects that power to be used wisely, and for there to be accountability when it is not.  
The accountability is where it all falls apart in reality.  Yes any profession is goign to have some bad eggs... but the failure to punish or otherwise correct the bad eggs is prominent in police departments... and given their special position in society creates a huge resentment and feeling of injustice from common people.

Any anti-police circlejerk that is going on rests squarely on the shoulders of the police departments themselves for abusing authority and standing behind those who bring shame to the badge.
 yeah, fuck us for getting pissed off when police abuse their power and it ends up costing someone, or multiple people, their fucking LIFE at no cost whatsoever to the cop.  Fuck all of us.  

The cop was being a nice guy.  That's commendable, but newsworthy?  They probably think it's newsworthy since it's fewer and farther between, or since every day there's a new story about the police ruining someone's entire existence over their ego. The cop hatred in RICHMOND is getting ridiculous. My FB feed is full of complaints - harassment this, harassment that, etc etc (mostly coming from cyclists) - its all horseshit. good to see stories like this in the local news. This was a bit above and beyond. He could have just put him on the bus, but he went all the way home with him and made sure he got inside okay.  Recently talked to a coworker that used to be a cop, and he said "Protect and serve is bullshit. Cops don't care about serving you. They're just blue collar guys doing their job, and a lot of the time they're just looking to punish a 'bad guy'"

I mean, should it really be news that a cop helping someone who's disabled? GRTC drivers help the disabled every day. And I'll bet that hate is without context. Attitudes would change quickly if cops weren't around to do any of the dirty work we don't see or hear about. I can't tell if you are trying to prove my point or argue against it, but yes, many cops, like I mentioned, don't give a shit about the serving part of protect and serve. They do protect us to a degree (mostly through deterrence) I was mostly agreeing with you. I do think that the police force does their best at their idea of protecting us. But again I would say they're more interested in punishing and not helping. 