Can anyone recommend a good realtor in Sacramento? I currently rent in San Francisco but I want to get my parents out of Arizona to California to live with me. My mom just lost the use of her legs after a back surgery and will be wheelchair bound for the rest of her life. I need to find a realtor I can trust as I'm a first time home buyer and don't know a lot about the process.

I picked Sacramento because I have a few  coworkers that commute to SF from Sacramento and the housing prices are actually affordable unlike the bay areas rediculous housing market. I'm going to need a big 5+ bedroom place as my brother and his wife and kids plan to live with me to help care for my mother.

Edit: Thank you all so much for the replies! You all have given me a great place to start. Disclaimer up front - I am an agent. 

First bit of advice - although agents like to say they can help you find a house anywhere there are advantages to using an agent who knows the area you are interested in. Somebody familiar with all the builders and floor plans in Elk Grove maybe not know what to look out for in 100 year old homes in midtown. (I know that I can't do the best possible job for someone looking in Elk Grove or Roseville and will recommend another agent.)

Second point - if you have narrowed your list down to some possible agents try calling them and see how quickly they respond. Don't expect them to call back in minutes, they may be working with clients. But if they don't return your call until the next day perhaps you want to chose someone with a faster response time. Go with Amy Rivers. She is newer and hungrier . 

http://www.ersrocklin.com/Roster/35974/Amy-Rivers.aspx http://pcrawford.golyon.com/home/?ID=5371

 Mike Dismukes
http://activerain.com/profile/bigtomatorealtor

Bonus - he's a lawyer as well, and knows how to deal with short sales.  We used a broker named Jim Messerli last year.  And we will again.  He is zero pressure, just straight forward about what you need to bring in order to get your offer accepted.  He's willing to go the extra mile too.  He made some concessions that, while small in terms of dollar amounts, were HUGE because they put our offer above the rest, and proved his dedication to his clients (at his expense).  I don't want to oversell but I can't say enough good about him.   Bruce LaMaster Check out Michael Glascock - honest and hard working and he really knows Sacramento (little neighborhoods and hidden enclaves) www.michaelglascockrealestate.com Go with Dan Hines who works with Raymond Management.He knows everything needed to know about Reality. Great good hearted guy. 
 Check out Stacy Scarberry http://www.gostacy.com/home/?ID=5813
She worked with my best friend and his wife.  Her Parents both to sell and buy, and another good friends house.  When I buy my house I will use her too.  She's good people. My moms a realtor, pm if you are interested.  Angel Lynn did us right: http://www.angellynn.com/ Pete Petersen just helped a friend of mine find his father who uses a power chair a house in Davis,ca. Pete works out of west Sacramento and has been known to help get you into a house wherever you are looking even if its out of his primary area.-edit really? A couple of downvotes? I am disabled and Pete has gone with me to look at over 40 houses in west Sac as well. Solid advice. It's always good to use a Realtor who is based in the area you are interested in. Though if you are casting a wide net like I did this can be tough. 