[Hiring] Personal care attendant. No experience necessary! Hi! I just moved to Sacramento from Texas (had to get out of that wild state), and I am looking for individuals who are seeking a part-time and rather flexible position. I am a disabled person, and I use a wheelchair full-time. Tasks would include but not be limited to transferring in and out of wheelchair, toileting/bathing, dressing, helping with daily care routine, cooking, and light housework. You do not need any experience to apply. I am perfectly competent and able to train people to do what's best for my needs. 

Little bit about me: I'm a 27-year-old female, currently job seeking. I like music and art and literature. I am major dog person, though I don't have one yet. Honestly I love all animals.

Must be LGBT-friendly and weed friendly. Don't apply if either of these things bother you, as we likely would not make a good match as employee/employer. 

This is NOT a full time position. I'm not looking for a babysitter, or someone who can keep eyes on me throughout the day. I don't need that level of care. There are hours available in the morning, mid-day, and evening. 

Once again, you do not need experience, and you won't have to get any type of licensure to work with me. I will do all the training that's suited for my specific needs. 

This has the potential to be a really fun job! I'm friendly and funny (uh, well, I try), and hell, I need new friends anyway in the city considering I know close to nobody yet. 

Shoot me a message if you're interested and I will give you more information about the job, the pay, and how to apply.

- Heather  California has IHSS (In Home Supportive Services) 

--The state will pay for what you are looking for. They will determine hours with you (probably like 20 a week?) and level of care, for the person of your own choosing from their website. You get to be their boss, sign off on their time card, ect. It's offered to disabled or elderly people in your situation. More info:

http://www.cdss.ca.gov/agedblinddisabled/pg1296.htm

...but you might still need someone in the meantime while applying? Welcome to Sac! interested. Please message me I am not trying to impose some kind of bullshit virtual authority but please refrain from posting personal information on the internets (like even first name), for your own safety.  Hey, thanks! I love it here already.  1999 called, they want their warning back.  I know that social media has brainwashed you into snapchatting your girlfriends asshole everyday but sometimes there are concequences to sharing personal information. 

Better to be safe than sorry.  