Man stabbed by homeless man in wheelchair near downtown Sacramento, police say  True story - I was the Escape that stalled on Q between 15th and 16th yesterday when the call for that came through on the radio of the police officer who was keeping me safe while I waited for help.

Side note - I now have a crush on the nameless mustached police officer who I will probably never see again.

Potentially the greatest tragedy of my life. Very Sacramento How.. how do you get stabbed by a man in a wheelchair?

Just tip that boy over. Or like... Take a single step back. I think it's interesting that the article says this is an isolated incident... i got attacked by a bum back in April in Capitol Park. My pregnant wife was walking McKinley park at 830am on a weekday and got harassed and followed and he was trying to spit on her. I had a homeless guy try to break into my house. 1 of our cars was broken into twice. We're just ONE family and all this crap happened in the last 2 years. Not to mention the dog attacks in parks and the bike trails. A friend of mine was randomly assaulted by a homeless guy at Howe Park in January. The problem is the city decided homeless get a free pass to criminal activity. The strollers and bikes they have are all stolen. The needle exchange says 'please keep robbing folks to fuel your drug habit'. They have the freedom to harass and yell at people for not giving them money. They constantly J walk to maybe get hit by a car to squeeze an insurance settlement. Littering laws dont apply to them. Sacramento decided to give our city away so they can have it easier I guess? Regardless, these incidents are happening much more frequently than the powers would like you to know. Please don't ever link to the Sac Bee's garbage website lol I think i know the officer you’re taking about, his mustache is epic.  Was the whole street blocked off soleley because you stalled or was it due to this also? I was driving home and had to detour around it.  Be kind, the interns are doing their best Someone find this man and tell him I want to ask him out. Uh. Well. If you are on Q then maybe? But cars were still getting by. And glaring at me. Lots of glaring. I think we might be thinking of different areas I was on x but there was also a car that looked like an escape stopped in the middle of the intersection and the police had the whole street blocked off. I think that was yesterday but honestly coulda been Tuesday.

NVM found what happened car hit a pedestrian 