This isn't Oklahoma. I moved here about a year ago from Oklahoma. I love the Sacramento area; the food is diversified and the people are amazing, except for a few circumstances:

 A young guy was stalled out in the middle of the street. I parked my car and decided to help him. While I was attempting to jump his car to put it into neutral, so I could push it, people started honking, cussing and screaming at me. One lady even yelled "ya'll motha fuckas need to find somewhere else to break down" while blaring her horn. I was just trying to help. After jumping it enough to put into nuetral, I was pushing his car, people honked, screamed, and yelled profanities. Ultimately, we got the car taken care of. 


Next scenario, I'm at a red light and an older woman I'd attempting to cross the street with a motorized wheelchair. It dies in the middle of the street. I put my hazards on and pushed her across, when the light turned green, I ran back to my car. I had stuff thrown on me, people yelling, screaming, honking. All for about 1min of their time. No one else even bothered to help me. 

So, my question is this; is this city full of all these assholes consistently? No,what area are you in OPEE?? I think its just in urban places you'll get that rushed mentality of everyone looking out for themselves.  California does have a way of having many extremes ontop of that.  So combine city people with Cali extreme's and you get some of the rudest people.  But other parts of Cali that aren't the super urban area, I've met the nicest people.  growing up in New Orleans East, I can safely say that Sacramento's drivers are far nicer in comparison. I've actually had someone rear-end me because I didn't floor it half a millisecond after the light turned green. And then proceed to get out of their car and bang on my window and yell obscenities because I didn't know how to drive. The latest incident happens a few days ago on South Watt getting onto folsom. They've been working on re-doing the intersection, so the left lane is closed. It's been closed for weeks. There are signs almost all the way to Fruitridge that say the left lane ends. There's big giant flashing arrows about half a mile from where the construction is. And yet, during rush hour traffic, some asshole tried to drive all the way to the cones (and actually ran over a few) and then tried to merge in front of me. I pulled up within inches of the car in front of me. He started honking and yelling about "you're supposed to let me merge!" so I yelled back "You were supposed to lane change about a mile ago." The people here make no sense.  If you think it's bad here, just wait until you visit Los Angeles.  For example, in Sacramento if you're driving on the freeway and want to change lanes, you can put your blinker on people will typically let you in.  In LA, if you put your blinker on, the person will accelerate to prevent you from moving over.

Also, you need to be careful, there are a lot of people out there that make a living by taking advantage of the kindness of others.  It's just a matter of time before a nice person like you gets burned.  Once that happens you'll have a better understanding of why most of us don't put ourselves at risk to help others. Sacramento had terrible drivers. 1/3 have a phone in their hands. People are impatient. People don't know common driving practices. 

 [deleted] Huh. I find Sacramento to be full of really nice people and mostly overly courteous drivers, but then again I spend most of my time in Midtown/East Sac. Maybe this is a bubble of niceness? I moved here last year from NYC, so it's like night and day culturally. In my experience, there are some serious assholes in this area. An unbelievable tendency to treat every stranger like shit by default. And the drivers drive me freaking crazy, in 7 years of riding motorcycles, I have had more close calls each month down here each month than the rest of my time combined.  The problem is that the average IQ of a Sacramento driver is (potato - 1). That's saying something considering I lived in the Boston area, which is notorious for it's terrible roads and drivers. And the New Jersey leafers who clogged up Cape Cod every freaking week and couldn't figure out how to merge onto a rotary if their life depended on it. WTF!!!! Those people are exceptional assholes.  If you want a collection of the worst drivers in Sac go to one of the parking garages at Sac State around 10am. Everyone acts like it's Tokyo Drift.  I don't know, while there may be some complete fucks around this area the majority of my experiences with strangers in this town are pretty pleasant. You can't let the nuts bring you down to their level, those people live in a different world.  Here's a secret.  So long as you obey the slower traffic keep right rule whether you're above the speed limit or not, people like me who can actually drive will be polite as fuck to you when you need to merge or do anything else.

On the other hand I rode some middle aged, entitled cunt's ass in the fast lane for about 2 miles (close enough that she speed checked me then I got even closer) when she was hovering at or just below the limit matching the cars on her right, then when I finally passed her on the right hanging my finger out the window, I used it to signal her to move to the right when I got in front of her. All of California is full of assholes, unfortunately. Mostly cities, but their everywhere. You sound like a decent human being, thanks for doing the right thing. Hope those people don't influence you to stop being nice. You'll slowly turn into one of those pricks!  First off, I apologize for those instances. Can't really say that in surprised. Del paso can get kinda rough, elk horn is just full of commuters. Downtown, midtown drivers aren't too bad, and if those instances happened there, I think you'd get a different response. 

But yeah, things will get better and if you need any direction of what to do or where to go, id be free to answer and help you with any questions about sacramento.  I've been a bicycle commuter my entire life - elementary school, middle school, high school, college, and now the work life. I've biked in small towns, big cities, long trails, and practically everything else, up and down California. 

Sacramento, by far, has the worst drivers with the worst attitudes.  Jesus, sorry to hear that. That fucking sucks, but good on you for helping out. Don't let those assholes stop you from being a decent person.  It sucks that this happened to you.  I'm a lifelong Californian, albeit only in Sac for the past 7 years.  I've tried to be a good samaritan in the same way to fellow drivers but I've never experienced the same type of hostility from other drivers that you have.  I agree that California isn't the South, but my only thought is that, when choosing to help others, are you pulling over or stopping in a way that doesn't completely block the flow of traffic? "So, my question is this; is this city full of all these assholes consistently?"

About equal to the number of racist in your home state. I've lived a lot of places, and the biggest assholes by far are in California. 

Lots of good folks too, of course. Just sayin'.  /r/thathappened I've seen reckless, callous behavior just about everywhere. But I've never really seen DUMB as much as I've seen around these parts. 

 Yes. You should judge the entire city on two negative experiences.  First incident was in a place called Del Paso. The second, was on Elkhorn Blvd near Watt Ave. [deleted] This sums up my feelings as well (except for the EBT: that a touchy subject). I spent some time in OKC and areas nearby. In California: especially the cities, everyone minds their own business. If I venture into the rural counties like Kern, Bakersfield, or Humboldt then I would often see more homely, nicer people. I remember my time in Oklahoma, I would get tired by midday because I spent a lot of energy just greeting everyone I passed by. It was weird how much more open and friendly people were Mideast. My Californian mindset kicked in thinking "these people are wasting time dillydallying".  Yup, moved here from Southern California.  
The level of drivers up here is much higher than back home.  
Or so I realized when I went home for a week haha So, just those areas? (That I have to unfortunately live next to) Somewhat off topic: I'm going to be moving to midtown around February. Will I have issues with motorcycle theft there? It's currently my only means of transport, and I would highly prefer to keep it that way.  Of course, the first incident, I pulled into a parking lot and went to help him. He was blocking traffic. The second incident, I was.. only for a second though. The lady's motorized wheelchair's battery died in the middle of the crosswalk. So, I got out of my car and pushed her across. As I was going back to my car the light turned green. If I hadn't, we would still be in the same boat though. The intersection was still blocked. Holy shit, that's a lot. fruits & nuts... If you've never lived in this south, than I can guess why you'd think California has the biggest assholes. But there are assholes in every corner of the world, just waiting for a chance to ruin your day. I'd have to guess quite a few are assholes who moved here.  Something like half of the people in CA are from somewhere else.  Growing up here it was customary to help anyone needing roadside assistance. Wasn't a judgement, it was a question. And yes, two negative experiences have an impact. I've seen some amazing people here, but you kind of have to search... you know what I mean? 

I'm positive this isn't just Sacramento, this is probably any metro area. These are just my experiences. > First incident was in a place called Del Paso.

Found your problem... Ghetto people gonna ghetto. > Elkhorn Blvd near Watt Ave

Found your second problem Yea you basically got a snapshot of the shittiest people Sacramento has to offer. Most people around here are very nice. Terrible areas, del paso especially  Quit going to shitty areas and people won't treat you like shit.  Very well written. I'd like to add that one factor I've noticed is the average pace of life for drivers. People who are generally living a more laid back style of life, i.e. not constantly filling their time with busy work to avoid that one possible chance of sitting at home with nothing to do, generally are more amicable while driving as well as in general. They have time to spare, and find pleasure in giving that time to others, whether it be a few seconds at a traffic light or a few hours when a friend needs someone to be there for them. Sacramento people seem to be on the busier side of things.  I really miss driving in Texas, and I love driving there when I go back.  

I grew up in the Dallas/Fort Worth (with dense population areas) and lived in Austin for a while (a traffic clusterfuck and the largest city served by only one interstate), so it's not like there was never traffic driving there. In fact, the traffic situation is a lot better in Sacramento than it was in Austin.  

The truth of the matter is that Sacramento drivers are a lot less pleasant than Texan drivers.  In Texas, people make room for merging drivers.  More often than not, if you put on a blinker people will make space for you.  When I first moved out here, driving was kind of scary because I wasn't used to people trying to cut off your space. 

I think a big part of it stems from cultural differences.  In Texas (and other places in the South) people are generally friendlier to strangers. The concept of being a good neighbor is reinforced in a lot of places, and it comes out when people drive.   No, Sacramento has terrible drivers. 

I'm on a motorcycle so it's not me who's impatient, I'll just go around. I'm not complaining about ride people who honk because they're stuck in gridlock traffic, I don't have to deal with this.

I'm talking about drivers who shoot across one way traffic, who are looking the opposite way as traffic comes. (Heading down I at 20th for instance is a terrible intersection for this.)

People who don't turn on reds even when they're aloud.

People who don't stop for peds.

People who don't signal or shoulder check, cops like to do this too. 

Other motorcycles who do twice the speed limit down a street because they think they're special on their gixxer street fighter.

People who don't leave intersections clear.

People who speed up to a red light, stop, turns green, repeats to next, this is how traffic is made. 


 [deleted] I agree...was in La this summer and couldn't believe the rudeness and rage....except driving on the freeways around San Jose beats anything I've ever experienced.  Now THERE are some assholes!  Arden area and most of Watt is my worst experiences but driving is bad everywhere.  No, not really. I drive all over the state for work, and people are the same level of rude, self-absorbed, and straight-up dangerous throughout the whole state. Try driving in the L.A. basin sometime; you have the same sort of drivers, but there's far more of them way more densely populated,  forced to drive on very narrow freeways that seem to be eternally under construction and/or in quite poor condition. And I'm usually driving a  huge 28' diesel box truck when I'm down there; I tend to be in fear for my life the whole time I'm on that clusterfuck web of freeways they have in L.A.

However, like someone said below, leave the urban areas and people are more helpful and courteous on the roads. And you should totally avoid the cesspit that is Del Paso Heights.  No personal experience with that but get an alarm (if it has gps like the Scorpio i1100 you get an insurance discount) and make sure your insurance is adequate and up to date  I only had my motorcycle stolen once.  Ours are all Almonds.. Asking if this city is full of assholes is quite a judgement in itself. 

If you had implied that you had many many experiences of driving in urban environments and made this observation, you'd at least have some merit. But, as you admit, this isn't OK. Asking this question was totally futile and you know that, you really wanted to stir shit up by implying it's a city full of assholes, which it is definitely not.  del paso... Thats why. Exactly - 

Move the two events to another area and you'll have people helping you, not yelling at you.  Not that it couldn't happen in a middle class/upper class area - just less likely.

 
 I had the exact opposite experience in Dallas not long ago.  It was a war zone on the freeways.   [deleted] Did they hold up their cards as they walked in? How do you know this? And as far as I know, you can't buy alcohol on EBT. Quit making shit up.  Can confirm arden and watt are TERRIBLE. Howe about that. You have to be especially careful driving in the L.A. basin, as the motorists are better armed. Okay, I'll have to check that out. Are alarms easily removable? Almond farmer, would like to perpetuate this idea. Even for Del Paso I'm surprised. My commute into work involves biking through this area and people always seem polite. The only real issue i've had has been when I take light rail. About twice a month there'll be a group of 5-6 twenty somethings who think everyone on the train will appreciate listening to them practice rap battles. No. No one appreciates it. "Your rhymes are bad and you should feel bad." That link lol. I was sitting down having a cigarette, not on the road, and she was on a bicycle. 

How is that anything like getting cut off by a stop sign runner? 

It's Sunday, have a nice day, you sound like you need it. I live in Rancho Cordova now, it's much better out here.  Howe + stretch of Business 80 + Watt = Bad  Well done.  Try leaving adequate following distance on the freeway while driving a 30k pound fire engine. They treat that space like their personal parking lot.  That one in particular is very hard for a their to beat. It has a proximity sensor, vibration sensor, tilt sensor and battery backup. So, even if you didn't enable all of the sensors and they cut the battery cable, the alarm still works and has its own data connection. Even if the speaker is damaged, your remote will go off and your phone will go off. Plus it has gps tracking. Worth every penny. I used to always worry about my bikes before I got that alarm and it brought a lot of piece of mind.  [deleted] I was being sincere but okay. :) 