Electric Wheelchair Friendly Places to Fish from? Or Boat Rental with Wheelchair Access? So my brother was in a car accident, has a C1 injury, and is now a quad. He has functionality of his arms and hands, not 100% but enough to get by with some assistance.  

He is coming to visit next month and I know fishing with his children would be one of the best things ever as it's been 8 years since he's been able to get out and explore with them.  I'm not familiar with what's around here and what there is to offer.

Any suggestions on places we can all go to?  Call the Utah Independent Living Center and talk to Michael. 

He has actually gone out and looked at most of the places (In fact, he is taking a group fishing today, some of them in wheelchairs). 

801-466-5565 All of the [community fishing](http://wildlife.utah.gov/fishing-in-utah/community-fisheries.html) resources I've seen are handicap accessible. But you can double-check on the map resource [HERE](http://wildlife.utah.gov/cf/map.php).  It indicates whether each fishery is handicap accessible in the details.

I often take my kids fishing to Willow Pond in Murray, and the ponds in Bountiful, Kaysville, and Farmington.  This time of year we catch a lot of bluegill right off the handicap accessible docks.  It's fun for everyone, and I don't have to worry as much with the small kids. Bountiful Pond has two docks that have railings and fishing rod cut-outs. There is paved trail access from the parking lot to these docks. I would hit this place up. [First dock](http://dallasgolden.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/Dallas-Golden-Creative-Media2014_09_30-Bountiful-Pond-3.jpg), [second dock](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-f2m2Ne0oaJc/Up_u229u22I/AAAAAAAAAX4/CYcC2F2CbVg/s1600/IMG_6241.JPG). Silver lake that is by Brighton ski resort, has a pretty decent path that someone in a wheelchair could navigate. The fishing isn't amazing, but its the closest place that I can think of that would accommodate your needs.   When is he coming?  My family fish (not catch)  often!    I have a ski boat with good seats to fish from that we could set him in at the dock.   Somewhere like jordanelle?  Disclaimer : I work out of town a bunch.   But if im home I would love to take you guys out.  It's a little bit of a drive from Salt Lake, but Spanish Fork reservoir is basically concrete all around. VERY easy to access with a wheel chair. Except now that I think about it... There may be steps up to the reservoir itself. Haven't been there in years, but it's stocked with trout. I wouldn't keep anything I caught in there, but the fishing is fun.  If I were you I would call the DWR and I'm sure they would be happy to provide you a list of places with good access.

They actually had a disabled fishing day not long ago, and I think they  might have put pictures up on their Facebook. 

Sorry if that's not much help though, its tough to think of somewhere that would be easy to access. Lots of lakes have boat dock and such in the marinas that can have good fishing.  
Burraston Ponds, near Mona (Nephi). Beautiful, scenic, fun for kids and adults, great fishing and totally accessible! You can camp here too.

Easy access from I-15.
 
 I work up at Snowbird and there's a little pond that gets stocked and we let kids fish in. They sell licenses and everything up here, and there's a paved path that goes right next to it so it could work well for sure. 

It's definitely pretty easy/not real fishing really but would be very accessible.  I was at Mt. Dell reservoir the other day and the trail went from the parking lot right down to the water. With some assistance it probably would be reasonable to assume your brother could get down to the water. I did read a sign that said it is catch and release only. Not sure if that's a deal breaker for him. I see people fishing in the Jordan River fairly often, and there's one spot that I think would be pretty accessible for him, but you'd want to check it out first to make sure I'm not forgetting some stairs.

[Here's a link to the spot I'm thinking of on Google Maps.](https://www.google.com/maps/place/40°39'13.1"N+111°55'23.1"W)  It's just barely north of 53rd S, on the east side of the river.  Park in the lot there and go down the ramp to the parkway, and the spot I'm thinking of is just to your left.  It goes down to a flat, concrete landing spot that looks like it is intended for canoes or something.  There are probably other spots along the river north of there that he could fish, but they'd require him to park in the dirt. This one. Or call the university of utah hospital and ask for Tanja Kari. She runs the TRAILS program, which does outdoor activities with quads and paras. 
 I will definitely do that, thank you very much!  I think this vacation is going to pretty awesome.  I. Love. You!   LOL.  I live in Murray and never knew of these.  Thank you so much!  THIS!

 I love it and adding it to my list.  Thank you so much!  I love bountiful pond. Beautiful pics btw I plan on taking them up that way, too.  Hopefully not to many ppl because there will be 11 of us all together.  Disclaimer: He has 7 kids.  Lol.  

You are awesome!  I'll ask him and see what he says.  We have a hard time transferring him from his chair so he's really dependent upon it.  He can't sit up on his own either and has to have support on his sides or he'll fall over.  Hoping to come across something like <a href="https://www.handiramp.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/sidekick2.jpg">this</a>. Genius!  I will definitely look into that for sure.  Awesome, I'll definitely look this up as well.  Thank you, I will check it out.  It'll be mostly with the kiddos so they may enjoy it.  I'm not a fish eater but will fish and give to others.  And I don't allow fish to be cooked in our home either.  Hahaha.  He hasn't been in Utah since the day of his accident so I'm sure he's going to want to eat at the restaurants he misses.  I'm definitely adding this to my list though!  Sounds like a nice walk is in store this evening. I'm just an exit away from there and will def check it out.  Thank you very much!  TRAILS has a two day campout June 20-21st (most likely located at East Canyon Reservoir - I'll ask). I would highly recommend OP and his brother inquire/attend. We have an adaptive kayak/sailboat controlled by sip and puff that a C1 quad can use, and we'll provide plenty of support/instruction. Best of all- it's free!

Tanja's number is 801-581-2526, call her and ask. This is great!  I might be able to go in for more info.  Thank you very much!  Happy to help! I love to fish in the mountains, but when you have young kids, strollers, wheelchairs, or grandma accompanying you, the community fishing ponds are a godsend. They are always well stocked. Most have trout all winter, which are still being stocked (The [stocking report](https://dwrapps.utah.gov/fishstocking/Fish) says they planted 1000 rainbow trout in Murray on the 12th, but they often start adding catfish this time of year too, and the stocking report is usually a couple weeks behind)

You should be able to catch plenty of bluegill this time of year too. Just use a bobber with a tiny hook and a very small chunk of worm in about 3-5 feet of water, 2/3 of the way down. They're small, but fun. You might also want to try for catfish and maybe bass. 

P.S. If you want to try for trout in Murray later in the warmer weather, go to the southeast corner where the spring flows in ;)

*edited because I forgot word and don't spell reel goodly. My boats a 26 ft cuddy.   Room for 6 out of the  cuddy,  plus 2 seats underneath and a birth.   Not exactly HUGE but we could fit a good group on her.   How big is he?  Im 6'3" 320 lbs.   I can move some weight.   My grandpa was a quad after a car accident and my boy has autism.   I have no issues helping out.  Also,  the back seats on my boat are between the motor and the wall of the hull.   Supports on both sides.    It's great for birdwatching too. Absolutely.  Glad to see you've gotten so much help from folks. :)

It occurs to me just now that another thing they could do outside is geocaching.  One of the attributes people select when they place a cache is whether it's wheelchair-friendly or not.  If you haven't heard of it before, go to geocaching.com and watch the "What is Geocaching" video they link to right there as soon as you open the page.  c:geo is a good, free Android app for it, and I think there's an iOS version as well.  There are tons along the parkway. 