Checking Out the Downtown Hi all,

I'm here in SLC through Sunday of this week and am checking it out as a possible place to move.  I'm at the Doubletree in Downtown SLC, right outside of the Sugarhouse area.  I've looked at some historical posts here and got an idea of the areas to look - 9th and 9th, the Avenues, Sugarhouse, etc.

I'd love to hear some ideas of things to check out.  A couple caveats:

-My girlfriend's daughter is 6 and has special needs.  She's in a wheelchair so anywhere we'd go during the day/weekend days would be accessible.

-We're actually browsing Care.com for potential babysitters, but any other resources here would be helpful.

-I wouldn't necessarily be looking for direct work (I own my own business and have contacts here), but I'd love to know about business contacts or groups in the downtown area that'd make sense.

So - from there:

1)  I heard of a sports bar called Lumpys around here to watch Red Wings and NHL playoff games that sounds like my hangout for those games.

2)  I run a karaoke company in Nevada so I'm down for cool karaoke shows or musically based entertainment.

3)  Not a huge drinker but I don't mind the bar scene and don't care much about the liquor laws.

I'd love to hear some ideas! Don't know much about karaoke in the area, but we do have a couple dueling piano bars that might be your scene.  Check out Keys on Main and the Tavernacle.  I've never been to Tav, but I've always had fun at Keys. Lumpy's downtown is pretty fun.  They have 3 giant projection screens and a TV in every booth.  You should be able to watch the Redwings.   For Karaoke hit Highlander any night they get serous and u can walk across the street to magee magees (not sure the nights).  I was driving around that area and saw that place. Looked nice! Conversely, I can put in a good word for the Tavernacle but have never been to Keys. Nothing wrong with options! Yeah - I heard about this from my hotel shuttle driver.  He seemed confident that'd be the place. Are they the ones with the dress code?  I remember going to a club/bar that was pretty big like that and they refused my cousin entry because he wasn't wearing a collared shirt. Sounds like my speed.  I'll have to check this later in the week. and I think Tavernacle does karaoke Sundays and Mondays.  Lumpy's?  Nah.  Its a sports bar on the week day; meat market on the weekend. I would guess you are talking about Green Street, at Trolley
 Highlander is a run down small bar but they have regulars who bring rattles and cowbells and get into it plus have karaoke practice booths. I spend my christmas day there rocking out with friends every year, it's tradition now. Go Wings! Only reason I ever remember Lumpy's is that on the one occasion I went, a bartender attempted to break up a fight by throwing an ice scoop at the combatants. He missed them by a wide margin and hit me instead.

I could only think, he works in a sports bar, how is his aim that bad? Lol. It sounds like this should be a competitive thing...to try and get him to hit you with the ice scoop. Winner should get gold or something.  If I've already been hit, does that mean I'm entitled to gold? 