Mayor Ivy Taylor: Uber files proposal to return to San Antonio - San Antonio Business Journal  Taxis were insanely expensive when I last used them. To go about 4 miles cost me like $40 bucks last time This is one of the major reasons I won't use "ride-share".

"Both Uber and Lyft left the San Antonio market in April following the adoption of a city ordinance that included requirements for fingerprinting drivers and background checks for drivers that were geared toward passenger safety. Both companies said the ordinance was incompatible with their business models." I am not familiar with how the Uber app notifies a driver of a fare, but can someone assure me that use of these app isn't a violation of the recently passed no-cell-phone-while-driving law? [deleted] I might be wrong but most of their reasoning also came from the high insurance coverage the city was going to require their drivers to carry. 

Anyways I still refuse to use a yellow cab or any local taxi because they are horrible in every aspect. 
Come back UBER  Uber background checks all of it's drivers. And there's really no reason to fingerprint drivers... just identification and a background check should be more than sufficient.

https://www.uber.com/safety

And it's safer than taking a cab because any time you get picked up by an Uber driver there is a digital record of it. Other cities don't require this and it's not like there's a string of Uber-related crashes or crimes. These companies are huge in other cities and the only complaint comes from the surge pricing. Aside from that, Uber/Lyft are always preferred over taxis.  They reject the notion because it's people using their own cars. This is not a uniformed fleet of vehicles. That ploy about handicapped access is less about consideration for those in need and more about painting Uber/Lyft in a bad light. You could use that same complaint for AirBnB rooms since most people don't have wheelchair access, but amazingly enough, you don't hear about that.  So, less insurance and no fingerprinting.. Yup, sounds like an awesome way to travel.  No way to "ride-share" and yes to well regulated taxi services. And yeah that guy's points are mute because Uber does do background checks.

https://www.uber.com/safety [deleted] Well, a quick search shows that yes, you need [fingerprinting in California](http://www.latimes.com/business/technology/la-fi-tn-taxi-uber-unfair-competition-lawsuit-20150318-story.html#page=1) and at least a [criminal background, fingerprint and drug test in Chicago](http://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/bacp/supp_info/public_chauffeurinformation.html) so... fail on your part :)   [deleted] They actually follow ADA as much as possible.  
They take service animals with them without a problem and if a handicap person can get in the car, it works too.  
  
So there is only this one dude here that talks bad about them without knowing anything about them. Have you ever used either service? How often do you use a taxi here?  And plenty of other cities don't. And again, there's no string of Uber/Lyft crimes happening in those cities that don't.  I know a guy in a wheelchair that had no problems using Lyft several times.  
The driver had an SUV so the passenger got the front seat and the wheelchair fit in the trunk.  
  
He tried to take a cab but they didn't want to pick him up. So even that cabs must follow ada many drivers ignore that law.  
Now to service dogs, all Lyft drivers rrs take them and there are plenty of can drivers that when they see the passenger will have a service dog they just are unable to find the passenger.  
  
Also, there are some wheelchair accessible Lyft vehicles in San Antonio.  
  
You know so little about them but talk so badly about them. That article you linked states that individuals  working for uber/lyft refused service. Not that it's the companies policy to refuse service. I am sure that no taxi driver has ever done anything to get out of extra work, or skipping a passenger with disabilities right?

Uber states that they do provide handicapped service, and any drivers who are in violation are suspended/terminated. 

You have a weird sense of entitlement and a odd hate boner for Uber, and that is fine, no one is forcing you to use their services. Taxis are available if you don't like them. 

Some of us don't like paying $20 for a quick ride. >Yes these are people using their own cars but they are using them for commercial activity, and the ADA applies to that sort of commercial activity. As the son of a disabled person, I find Uber and Lyft's rejection of the ADA insulting and degrading.

Really?  Degrading? This is a company that lets people earn a few extra bucks by giving rides to people. They're not out there making faces at handicapped kids. 

>Now it would be one thing if they were similarly regulated and thus similarly priced and thus one component of the for-hire car services in this city, but they are being handed a regulatory loophole that lets them drastically undercut the standard taxi companies which means those companies will go out of business and then there will be nobody left to actually serve the city's disabled communities, OR those companies left will have to gouge the disabled community because the costs of providing them service are too high and they can't spread that cost around.

Please, spare me your end of the world scenarios. I haven't seen any taxi service in a Uber/Lyft city go out of business. 

>They paint themselves in a bad light when they shit on the disabled in this country.

Again, you sound like the companies are personally attacking you, when they're not. Proclaiming these guys are shitting on the disabled is like saying the ice cream truck people are shitting on kids when they don't tell them some ice creams have peanuts in them. 

>And I fucking will, the only difference though is that AirBnB has little to no chance of effecting the viability of traditional hotel service in this city, the same cannot be said of Uber and Lyft.

Ohhhhhhh so AirBnB has no chance? But but but other cities are saying how they're ruining hotel business. Amazing how you don't care...especially so close to this Uber/Lyft vote....yeah...

>Read Up, Uber and Lyft get sued pretty much everywhere they go by pretty much everybody. They get suied by cities, states, countries, handicapped, their own fucking drivers... the list goes on. http://fortune.com/2015/05/22/uber-lyft-disabled/

Funny, that article talks about lawsuits about lack of disabled service -- probably someone of your temperament that feels they're personally being attacked by Uber -- talks about how Uber has had wheelchair accessible option on the app and even has a quote from the advocacy group for making rides more accessible to the disabled:

>“I think that many in the community do not understand that Uber has nothing against access and the ADA,” says Lipp. “The big problem is that until the courts settle whether Uber is a software company or transportation company the disability community will just have to be patient and try to work with Uber, not against them.”

As for the lawsuits, I'm sure if every lawsuit that hit the taxi companies was plastered all over the web, well there would be plenty of links to make use of.  I don't use any services.  I either walk, drive or ride a bike to where I need to go.  But, when I do need to use one, I'll make sure to use a fully insured and regulated service that does full background checks on it's drivers that includes finger prints.   [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] I am curious though, as to whether or not "ride-share" systems pay the same city taxes.  It's nice for San Antonio to gather that since we have such a large influx of tourists. another one  was reported today And taxi drivers don't commit any crimes. Oh wait - http://news4sanantonio.com/news/features/top-stories/stories/Taxi-driver-drives-away-after-hitting-a-bicyclist-170539.shtml Says the person that has no real life experiences. > Uber is worth something like 40 billion fucking dollars. It's an an insult and a half from them to claim they don't need to abide by the ADA. The owner is a libertarian though so he has zero sympathy for anybody worse off than him.

And if you read your last link, you would see that they are offering wheelchair accessible vehicle. Guess what? YOU WON! So stop pretending that the CEO punched you in the face. 

>My mother is disabled so yeah, I find their libertarian "fuck you, I've got mine" attitude a little offensive.

See above. 

>Uber is literally, and openly trying to completely destroy traditional taxi companies, I'm not making this shit up, their business plan involves completely replacing traditional taxis.

Again, you care about this and not the other. You care about transportation but what about all those people in need of special access that want to use AirBnB but can't because the rooms don't have that special access. What about those disabled people? Don't you care?! You monster!

See, if you want to show that you have integrity, you would be just as upset at AirBnB, but you don't thus showing your true colors where your values stop at you and your own, not other people. 

>Read some more. The company and it's drivers are shitting on the disabled and you seem to have ZERO problem with that. How nice of you.

And again, I'll say, you won. Uber has the option in New York and San Francisco, and will likely move it to other cities. But again, you're fighting this war against Uber/Lyft...right before the vote on this in San Antonio...for some reason...hmmm...convenient. 



 [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] Point is that if you have a lot of people in whatever job, there are going to be some terrible ones in there.  No life experience on this topic.  
 > Where? In San Antonio?

LOL read your links before you post them.

>Bullshit. I care about both and have been vocal about both. Regardless, pointing out another problem company does not invalidate my complaints against this one.

I keep bringing it up and you keep saying "whatev." Same problem that apparently you care about but involving a different company and you are indifferent. 

>You realize you using a logical fallacy right?
>What are you even talking about. Have you ever talked to me about AirBnB? Have you seen what I have written about that company? You are just making shit up and using logical fallacies to try, and fail i might add, to invalidate my complaints.

You realize you've shown you have no integrity. You're a hypocrite. You're focusing on one company when others are essentially doing the same disservice that you claim to be crusading against. 

>Where is your reaction to the fact that the Uber CEO is literally saying he wants to put all taxis out of business. You just said "spare me your end of the world scenarios", but I'm just giving you the Uber end game from the horse's mouth.

He's a CEO of a company, what do you expect him to say? "I hope we fail miserably?" Uber/Lyft and so on are way more popular in other cities and they still have taxi services. 

>What was your response. Deflect and attempt to paint me in a bad light. Nice show of integrity.

The only one painting yourself in a bad light is yourself. 

>Because those cities came down on them. I'm sure plenty of fan boys like yourself tried to call them luddites though.

You won and you're still crying. 

>Dude. I've been writing about and discussing this issue since before the first TNC ordinance passed.

LOL which makes it even more questionable that you've been fighting this war this whole time because back then, the only people that complained were taxi company shills. 
 [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] So is it their attitudes against the disabled and the lack of background checks that keep you from using it? Ok, then don't, keep supporting taxis because they're not going to go away.  I didn't read that ridiculous posting after the 2nd line.  
You are coming up with things like Lyft drivers don't follow ADA or they discriminate disabled people.  
  
You got that from a few news articles while you forget that Lyft is one of the companies that actually employee more disabled drivers then any cab company.  
  
Did you know that Lyft has deaf drivers?  
  
Can you tell me any cab company in the whole USA that has at least one deaf driver?  
  
Even here in San Antonio Lyft had plenty of drivers that had some disability. But you are just so hateful against Lyft that you can't see the truth about that company and what it did for the people here. [deleted] Every Lyft and Uber driver that does NOT provide service to someone with a disability will get deactivated.  
  
There are plenty of cab drivers that do not pick up service dogs as they just don't "find" the only person at that address when they see him with a service dog.  
  
There are plenty of cab drivers that avoid picking up people in wheelchairs as this takes more time.  
  
Lyft drivers will help you to get from your wheelchair into a seat and move the chair in the trunk.  
When they unload, they do that of course free of charge.  
  
Have you ever used Lyft or Uber? So first it was the possibility of riding with criminals, then it was Uber shitting on disabled people, but not we get to the "real" point of your argument in that you want everything to be fair. Yup, doesn't sound like a shill at all here. But yeah, we're done.  [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] You call yourself a liberal progressive and you want to deny one of the most progressive services? Who do you think uses ridesharing apps? Young people who either don't have a car or are acting responsibility by not driving drunk. The service makes use of technology to offer a better service than what's been given before. This is the definition of progressive. 

And a big lol to you comparing Uber to Walmart and taxi service to corner markets.  You remind me of that guy:  
https://youtu.be/nxsDUA9fBJw [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] LOL well it's time to leave when Salon gets thrown around, about as useful as a Fox News piece, and since we're obviously going around in circles.  Do you hope that the mods start deleting your posting again? [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] Actually you are the one harassing him and me.   [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] 