GF had ACL surgery on Wednesday - any recommendations for wheelchair friendly activities?  Ice cream, alcohol (if she’s not on painkillers anymore), snacks and her favorite movies at home. That was huge for me after tearing my ACL.

I wish her a speedy recovery, tearing your ACL ain’t no joke.  Poker rooms and bars would probably be my first choices. Everyone is different though. Go with your doctor's orders of course but when I had acl surgery they recommended I try to be mobile with crutches as much as possible to keep stength up. Off the top of my head I'd say parks, seaport village, SeaWorld, beach walk still on the pier  Indian Casino! (balboa park) Spanish Village - Art stuff, then visit the Botanical Building and have lunch at the Prado

One of the fancy type movie theaters with the reclining seats, the point is they recline and she can put her feet up and keep her leg straight - ie: Cineopolis (Del Mar) or Angelica (Poway)

Hotel Del for lunch, mid afternoon type thing. I've not been wheelchair bound in my life yet but my one of my first stops would have to be the zoo. Getting the experience of it all be able to be pushed around instead of walking it all sounds amazing. 

Also if she's into baseball Petco has wheelchair accessible sections and a ballgame there is always a good time Movies. A ballgame. Something where they will accommodate her poor mobility. TBH, probably all bad ideas cause she should try to elevate it when able. picnics in the park, take a trip to a museum, maybe even bowling. billiards, a boat ride, piano lessons, concert, take an oil painting class, book a nice hotel or airbnb for a change of scenery She's definitely on pain killers, but also getting pretty bad cabin fever. She's been cooped up since the initial injury, then now surgery. Both would be difficult. She's in a wheelchair with leg extended, or crutches for super short duration. Thanks for the ideas though! That blows ): you could take her out to dinner. I would definitely recommend something indoors though just because of the atrocious heat. If she’s wearing a brace then I can see that getting even more uncomfortable than she probably already is. I haven’t been to the zoo yet but I’d imagine that would be fun for her and probably wheelchair accessible, if neither of you minds the heat. You could take her for a stroll around the Marina district. Also you could take her to a movie! There’s a Padres game Monday night if you felt like doing that as well, I’d imagine they have to be wheelchair accessible as well. 

Hope that helps!  