Looking for a venue to host an evening unconference. Wheelchair and service dog friendly. Hi /r/sandiego!

During the 1st week of March, San Diego CSUN hosts the wonderful [CSUN Assistive Technology Conference](http://www.csun.edu/cod/conference/2017/sessions/).

I'm trying to organise an informal get-together with impromptu lightning talks, some beer and bites. It'd be on the evening of March 1st. Ideally it'd be somewhat in the neighborhood of the Grand Hyatt / Gaslamp quarter, as attendees come from all over the world and many are unfamiliar with the city.

Since some of our attendees use service dogs or scooters, it'd be essential that the venue can accommodate this. 

Does anyone have a suggestion? Most of the office/meeting room places I've found close at 5, but given our goals, likely a place that serves drinks+food and can accommodate a decent sized group of people is more what I'm looking for.

Thanks! Can you tell me how many people, hours you seek, and your budget range?   I can probably give you tips from there.  And do you expect the food to be paid for by attendees?  Or as part of the rental? Mission Brewery on 14th (Petco East) fits the bill. They have a brand new tasting room downstairs that is private. I know they have dog-friendly events there. They have an events person that will answer any questions but I can't remember her name.  Reach out to the San Diego Public Library downtown? They have a nice top-floor events space and while that would involve elevators it would be the same for everyone. They also have an assistive technology center and might be interested in doing some demos etc. I don't work there, sorry. 

https://www.sandiego.gov/public-library/central-library/special-events I'm not sure yet, but likely 30-40 people. The time slot I would expect to be ±6-9, ±6-11pm, depending on how the evening goes.

For drinks & food, it's pretty much each on their own.  Thanks for your response! Sounds great, thanks! I'll get in touch. Thanks, this could be a good option, although they want reservations a fair amount of time beforehand. I'll reach out to see what they can work with. Budget for space? Correct.  Just be mindful about homeless pop in that section. It's pretty heavy duty there.  I'd stay closer to water if out-of-towners would rather a more touristy location.   Sorry to say that I don't know yet. I'll work on sponsors once I know what options are out there and what I can work with. I am not from the area (or the country) and have no cost estimation. Although I would expect venue reservation to easily go between 500-800 USD. Yes there certainly is :( Would suggest a visit first, there is a FT security guard at night but just on the East side of 14th. May have stepped up patrol bc of the Skydiving place but dunno. Correct.  (My venue sits in that range for that type of midweek thing.)  There are a few routes. Food establishments might just charged a minimum or a room fee with a minimum.  Venue-only would put food/bevs on you.  

Good direction on lower end might be beer bar, but the issue is that many don't do food or super limited.  I know that you may be able to secure in a food truck but with 30-40 they may require a minimum deposit.  One of my contacts just secured border x brewing for an event at lower cost.  Another place in Little Italy that may hit your needs is El Camino.  Not sure their pricing structure though. 

If you secure a place and need catering, I can get you one of my vendors for less than your going rates.  (Fyi, my company is in part event planning).    