Disability question regarding /insert name here/ Amphitheater My family is considering buying tickets to a show at the Mattress Firm/Sleep Train/Cricket Wireless Amphitheater this summer and none of us have been there before. My dad is visually impaired so I want to find seats that will be easiest for him to get to while providing good sound and view. He isn't in a wheelchair so that means the labeled disabled/handicap spots aren't available.

Any advice on easily accessible seating would be very much appreciated! > and view

i mean... The aisles are quite wide - if he's able to walk with one person guiding him, you should not have a lot of trouble. There are some stairs up to the upper section, but there are handrails.  There are a few one-steps in the middle section but the guiding person can give enough warning about them. Maybe look at some photos online. The biggest hassle about that place is getting out of the parking lot! All the seats on the sides are easy to get to as long as he's comfortable going up a flight of stairs. I would avoid the grass section because people often sit on the ground and there's not a lot of light up there.

As far as seeing the stage there are large screens on either side of the stage to see the performance. I usually buy tickets in the 204,202,304,302 sections and trade off looking at the screens and stage. There are large posts at the back corners of 203 that can obstruct your view if your far back in 303.  He's visually impaired, not fully blind, plus the rest of us want to see the show too. Thanks! He has a handicap parking pass so parking lots can be a little bit easier sometimes! Thank you! This is very helpful! you make a solid point.

i was wondering if the handicap spots are only if you're physically impaired?  i would think your situation would apply. Is he legally blind? Call the venue and ask them what the conditions for getting into the special seating area are. Maybe he can get a doctors note or something.  It's more the road - there's only one way in and out of there, so it's a very long slow parade of traffic to get out. The venue site said they are for wheelchairs only -- that's why I was hoping to get real advice here on a good area from those who know the venue. The phone number just goes to a voicemail so no answer from the venue, hence, the posting here. Sadly, not unusual for venues!  