So help me understand something about this homeless veteran's walker photo.. A homeless advocate (see: the people who go around and hand out tents, essentially keeping them in the streets) says she knows the homeless vet who it belongs to, asked DPT to tag it for him, and they said no and crush it anyways in an act of callous defiance.

Serious question: does this 'homeless veteran' actually exist, and if so why does he not have this walker with him?

Call me skeptical, but I'm calling bullshit here. Way too much self serving bullshit being thrown around with this issue.

https://scontent.fsnc1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfl1/v/t1.0-9/10271647_479508968907581_7111212182320747282_n.jpg?oh=2016fbecf118462d92c57df378640884&oe=5755EFD0

 I'm a health care case manager and I sometimes work with vets.  A lot of them need both wheelchairs and walkers.  They need the wheelchair for long trips like going to the hospital to get their dressings changed, but sometimes can use the walker for short distances.  Obviously it's best to be more active and try to use the walker as much as they can.  But if their feet are hurting from severe edema or they are having a bursitits flair up or whatever it is they might have to only use the wheelchair for a few weeks or months.  When things get better they might be able to upgrade and use the walker more.   Forearm crutches are another good option to help someone transition to being more ambulatory.  

**EDIT:**  Also, I will add that these guys generally fought for our country and seriously get shafted with how disorganized and incompetent the VA is.  It's borderline criminal.  I have a Purple heart recipient from the Korean war who is 85 years old and was formerly homeless until we finally helped him get on the list to have a trailer.  He's non ambulatory because he is post CVA and has circulation issues and his legs are turning black from the knees down.  

So now that we got him housing, he's basically stuck inside the trailer all day with his legs elevated.  He was supposed to have a nurse and a PCA coming 1x a week from the VA to help him take a bath.  Well, the VA put the ticket in and somehow the order got lost in their system and the PCA just never showed up.  So he was stuck sitting there by himself unable to leave and get food or take showers.  Also they were supposed to install a wheelchair ramp for him in December so he could get in and out of the trailer, and in the VA system they showed they did it, but in actuality they just never showed up.  

Anyway, it took me over four weeks of constant followup and pestering phonecalls (literally all I did was call about 100 different departments in the VA and generally sit on hold for 30 minutes at a time) to finally get him all squared away, the PCA and the nurses coming for him, the wheelchair ramp order reinstated, set up primary care and specialist doctors appointments, order imaging for his legs to figure out what is going on, get him back signed up for Meals on Wheels deliveries, establish transportation for him to and from appointments, set up physical and occupational therapy to help him use the wheelchair and possibly forearm crutches, and get him glasses and a dentist appointment because he hasn't been to the dentist in 20 years.   Imagine someone who doesn't have an advocate like that to help them figure out all these things.  

These guys need advocates because navigating through the VA is frigging impossible.  And this was just ONE person... so many more vets are just flailing, homeless on the streets slipping through the cracks and it's just so, so sad.  

They are generally good people who fell through the cracks of a broken system and they deserve your compassion, not your cynicism and scorn.  Maybe he has a wheelchair for long distance and a walker for getting around close to tent? Who knows. I don't care if the story is true--we shouldn't be trashing perfectly good walkers when we could give them to people in need. No way of knowing I think until someone actually finds this guy.

As it is, its sounds like an ending to those half assed political copy pasta that ends with "His name? Albert Einstein." Yep, I respect that.

Tbh, just hard to weed out agendas from fact, especially given how murky the internet is in terms of full context and highly charged politics.

Thanks for the response. Congrats on doing such meaningful work. > how disorganized and incompetent the VA is. It's borderline criminal.

You know who runs the VA in Congress?

Bernie Sanders.

By the way, /u/caseyinnyc, you're a saint. Truly.

I think the cynicism in the original post comes from the fact that many ~~homeless~~ people who beg for money on the street fraudulently claim to be veterans.
 Thanks.  Unfortunately I only get to help vets when they're lucky enough to have dual coverage under our clients (generally if they are married and their spouse happened to be in one of the unions we contract with).   Cheers.  > 
> By the way, /u/caseyinnyc [+41], you're a saint. Truly.

Thanks!  My company also does some kinda evil stuff (kicking people off their insurance and to a lower tier of coverage if they don't hit certain health markers established by the client), so I try to balance that out with really going to the mattresses to help out members when I have the opportunity.  

Vets are an interesting case because they have excellent, extensive coverage and a LOT of free services (their transportation department is awesome), but you basically have to move mountains or be in the know to access all the correct avenues & tap all the available resources.

Sometimes I wonder if the VA almost intentionally obfuscates how to use their services in order to put up enough barricades so everyone who needs it isn't able to utilize it, in order to keep costs down.    