Are frequent elevator outages illegal if they trap me - A person dependant on a power wheelchair, living on the top floor - Illegal in some way? Hello, fellow San Franciscans.

I would like your comments on whether an issue that I am encountering in my SRO is illegal in some way.

Since I moved in in late 2009, management offered me a room on the top (6th) floor. Although I am in a wheelchair (a large power one, that weighs about 232 pounds), I accepted the location since the building did seem to have a functional elevator.

However, not counting scheduled maintenance (for which they notify tenants at least 24 hours in advance, and that lasts only one day, during business hours), the elevator has been out of service for for a combined total of about 3 weeks (~21 days) since I have moved in,  because of unexpected repairs.

For example, in late October 2013, the elevator was taken out of service for its normal day of maintenance, but due to "unforeseen issues", it remained out of service for almost 5 and a half days.

Earlier this January, this happened again, and the elevator was again down for 5 days.

In both instances, management posted notices on our doors saying that they apologized for the inconvenience, and suggesting that we call the front desk and ask for a tenant volunteer to run simple errands if needed.

No compensation was ever offered for any outages.

The elevator operates far below its rated weight limit (posted 1500 pounds, calculated, about 800 pounds max), and its certification label is expired.

Is this just something I have to put up with as part of living in San Francisco - Or is this illegal?

Also, for any who suggest that I move - I'd love to, but where to? I live in Supportive Housing, which is partially subsidized, and wait lists for other places in my price range preclude me from having a ready place to move to.

These outages have interfered  with many activities of daily life - Inability to shop for groceries, get to medical appointments, visit friends, etc. Thankfully, this last time, the elevator came back up the day before I was to start attending job training.

Thanks!
 Better record of uptime than any BART elevator.

> The elevator operates far below its rated weight limit (posted 1500 pounds, calculated, about 800 pounds max), and its certification label is expired.

There should be a phone number on the certificate that you can call. Or call Cal OSHA. Dave Crow of SF Appeal has covered situations similar to yours:

[http://sfappeal.com/2009/12/tenant-troubles-are-broken-elevators-against-the-law/](http://sfappeal.com/2009/12/tenant-troubles-are-broken-elevators-against-the-law/)


Per the article, I suggest you call up the appropriate [building inspection](http://www.sfdbi.org/index.aspx?page=266) number to file a complaint and schedule an inspection in order to escalate the situation. San Francisco is the only city where I notice elevator licenses to be expired for multiple years.


The elevator in my buildings license expired in 2010.

The elevator in the building I work expired in 2012.

The elevator in my friends building expired in 2002.

The elevator in my brothers building expired in 2008.

This is all anecdotal evidence but ever since I started noticing the expired licenses in San Francisco I always look.  Thanks for the suggestion of calling the Department of Building Inspection. I filed a complaint with them regarding this less than a week ago. I'm worried that they'll show up, see a (now) working elevator, leave, and close the case. I have papers from management that detail at least the two instances of elevator outages that I mentioned in my post.

I have been told that because my property management company is a non-profit, I cannot do rent withholding, and must take them to small claims court. I am not sure if that is the best route to take or not.

I called the local Lawyer Referral line, and got an appointment with a lawyer for a 30 minute consultation later this week, I hope she can give me some specific ideas on my next steps.
 It's pretty shitty people can do this to other human beings. My last landlord wouldn't do anything about the mites and rats. San Francisco is something else. [deleted] > in order to *elevate* the situation.

Sorry. These licenses are renewed when ever SF department of building inspection gets around to it. Our building has been asking to get ours renewed for 3 years now. It's important to note that these licenses are not necessarily a reflection of safety or regular maintenance. But if DBI eventually does find problems, they can put teeth in it... I've noticed the same. Is it so hard to keep up inspections? Yeah, it seems like a testament to how safe relatively modern elevators are that San Francisco hasn't had a really bad elevator incident.  It's weird too when you think that an unmaintained mechanical contraption is safer than simple stairs, which people fall down all the time. >my property management company is a non-profit,

What non-profit is running it? Tenderloin Housing Clinic? I agree, the rental issues that people have to deal with is over the top sometimes. What do you mean, exactly?

I mean, I know what a reasonable accommodation is - I've had to file some to get my bathroom modified - But how would they be of use in this situation?
 Yes, the management company is Tenderloin Housing Clinic. [deleted] Wow, that's disappointing but not surprising since the head of THC lives in the Berkeley Hills far away from any of the housing that his agency oversees.

Beyond legality, I'd suggest writing to the Chronicle. They've written a few stories about the shady business and poor state of repair in THC housing and might have some advice.

Here's the most recent piece they've written about THC housing problems.

http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/All-Star-Hotel-residents-say-problems-persist-5125687.php

You can contact the author with this e-mail address: kwilliams@sfchronicle.com  Interesting, thank you. I was unaware I could file one to compel them to repair the elevator. As far as I know, to get the elevator working reliably, it would have to be completely replaced. The last set of papers they left on our doors say that the delay is due to parts that are no longer made being refurbished. That's well and good, but still, 5+ days with no elevator every time...

Anyhow, my bed is calling, I'll visit this thread again tomorrow.
 Yeah, Randy Shaw is divorced from the issues in his properties, and it's not right.

Thanks, for pointing me toward the Chronicle reporter, I'll follow up with him. 