I empathize with the homeless, but freakin' hate panhandlers. Did you know that many panhandlers are not homeless? I saw my local panhandler stride off of Muni today and retrieve his wheelchair from behind a bush.

Think our fair city could ever learn to differentiate between panhandlers and the homeless?  We could much more effectively provide resources to the homeless by getting these assholes off the street. some of SF's panhandlers have places but many times their accommodations are often really awful. think bed-bug infested dirty residential hotel rooms, no kitchen, shared bathroom. they're really noisy, the hotel owners can be really controlling, neighbors may have addiction or mental health issues --- not technically homeless, but it can be a tough environment if you're trying to piece back your life, get clean, stay healthy and keep your mind together ....

some of the panhandling may be a result of cash not care. GA used to pay around $400/mo, now I think it's around $60/mo, so people may have a hotel room, but no money, so they panhandle. Some spend it on day to day needs, others feed their substance habits (some people sell their food stamps too but that's another story). 

Sure, there are those who take advantage of tourists and SF's generosity and don't need it, but I think others are genuinely in need but have developed a gimmick or schtick, even if it's not really their circumstance ("it's my birthday" [everyday], the unnecessary wheelchair, "i was hit by a car" [everyday], etc).

I've worked and volunteered and been homeless myself here, and the most striking commonality to me was the  number of homeless / panhandlers who are disabled vets ... makes me think we're failing big time at taking care of those who have served. I'm usually a very empathetic/sympathetic person, but one time I was in a cab outside SF, and a couple guys were on the corner at the light with signs asking for food or donation.  The driver says "see those two guys?  NEVER give them a nickel.  They hopped in my cab one night with pockets full of cash and paid me to drive them into the city.  They paid me to wait for them outside of a nice restaurant while they ate, and then paid me to wait outside of a strip club they spent 3 hours in.  They were laughing the whole time about the suckers who were paying for their boobie show."

Sad to say, that pretty much ruined me for panhandlers.  Now I'll give them food, but that's about it.  SF native here, I stopped giving money when I see the same guys day in day out for over 15 years begging for money, one guy even used the same cup for over 10 of them (he "was" young and able bodied when I first saw him and give him a dollar - saw him at the same spot months later, then a year, then a few years... I felt like a fool)).

It really bothered me a number of times the smug "your a sucker" look they give when someone walks away after giving them money. Zing!

There are many social programs in SF that help out the poor, so don't, just don't. If anything, where someone really looks genuinely down trodden, give food. I saw some panhandling fauxhemians in Berkeley drinking expensive craft beer 22oz from brown paper bags, while simultaneously asking for money. We're talking Russian River....

ಠ_ಠ 1. They're not your responsibility.  Don't give to them because you feel bad for them.  You feeling pity does not help them, only hurts you.  It's the ugliest emotion.

2. If you give them money (reward them) for standing in the street and harassing people for/asking for money, they will repeat the behavior.  Give the money instead to a charity which helps them to get their lives stable and get jobs.

2.a. It's been said in this thread that most of the people giving money don't live in San francisco.  This is a good point.  The people who have to deal with panhandling every day and night live here and don't want to encourage it.  Panhandlers hang out where people come in from out of town and ESPECIALLY where people who don't regularly visit come--i.e.tourists rather than commuters.  I wish these people would realize that giving money to panhandlers is the equivalent of coming into our city and shitting on it. So I chat up one of the local panhandlers near my house. He is in the same spot every night, and he spilled it all out for me. 

On average he makes 15 dollars an hour. When people are drunk he makes more, sometimes up to 25 dollars an hour. The spot he stands at is shared with 1 other guy. They have shifts with one of them working 4:30 - 10 and the second guy working 10 - 2. Sometimes they switch shifts to make things fair.

The thing that gets me is the one guy has another job and an apartment. He is completely sober and panhandles because he makes more money doing that than at his daytime job... My dad was a cop in Chicagoland and can confirm this.  Many of those guys can pull $100-200 in an 8 hour day, all cash w/o tax.  That's like a working person making $18-36 / hr.  He got to know many of them over his career and they had apartments, etc.

As long as they weren't being agressive it's not really illegal (except where there are ordinances) but it always bugged him.

Sad truth: the super haggard ones bumming money are blowing it on drugs.  Not popular to say, I know, but being deathly thin, burnt lips, missing teeth, or track marks, etc...that's not just because they're sleeping under the moonlight that's for sure.  Most major cities, SF especially, is awash in resources for people that are simply without a home.  Super haggard guys are damaging themselves 100x faster than living in the elements can. Don't feed the pigeons  Can you provide proof for the claim that "many" panhandlers are not homeless? If I who work a desk job, pays my bills, puts food on the table, can hardly afford an alcohol or smoking habit (I don't smoke but drink socially)why the fuck should I give money from my pocket own to a panhandler who has habits?

Embarcadero bart in FiDi has regular panhandlers everywhere.  I think there's at least 1 in every intersection.  Every day it's the same dude holding a cup on the edge of the railing at the stairs down from Front St, same homeless dude on the island on Bush street, same woman in a wheelchair out on Front street in the morning.

Fuck them all.  They're not homeless, they're greedy, lazy fucks taking advantage of others and refuse to work when they're more than able.  There's this guy who is average looking, clean cut, well fed and he sits outside the bart ticket machines yelling that he needs a few bucks or change to get a ticket to get home.  It's a fucking scam since he rotates stations and areas and if you're here long enough you see him time and time again.  If you saw him once you might take pity and help him but he just keeps at it preying on people's charity.

 I saw an 18-year old-ish kid begging for money outside of a coffee shop in the Mission the other day. A few hours later I was walking through Noe Valley when I saw him come out of what I assume is his parents house there with his skateboard. He seemed to be doing alright... A wheelchair is not a home. they do it because they make money doing it.   [deleted] I remember reading an article about somewhere in the Midwest at a Wal Mart where the panhandlers outside made more money than the people working inside. fuck those guys. the way I see it is this. I've been in situations where I was completely broke and asked for a loan from my parents. they, in their infinite kindness that I aspire to have one day, gave me money. sometimes I used it wisely for food or rent. sometimes I bought weed with it. they loved me enough to trust me, and not worry about what I did with the money. once they gave it to me, the responsibility of what to do with it was mine, no one else's. if someone asks me for money and I have it to give, I give it. it's a way of saying I love you, go and be well. that's all. if you don't want to do that, don't.  There's been this group near the entrance of the Bay Bridge.  They're all black and wear clothes that are way too nice for being homeless.  I swear, they must take shifts and know each other and plus, panhandlers are extremely territorial.  One of them was wearing a big north face jacket.  I mean I can't even afford a North face jacket.   I saw a panhandler in Paris walk around a corner and answer a cellphone they had in their pocket... [deleted] Of all the things in the world to get pissed off about, this seems like an odd one to me. If you don't want to give money to a panhandler then don't. The only thing you can say for sure, unless you've spent some time getting to know them, is that you don't really know anything about their lives. I've noticed that I have started taking up an attitude with the homeless. I engage them in conversation now. "What do you want? (I won't assume they want money. I will make them ask for it. Sometimes i can't even hear people asking me for money. 'What? What did you say? I can't hear you.') Why do you want it? You don't look needy. I have a crack habit I'm trying to support."

I think cause I generally like to help people if I can that I'm taking up an attitude. I know I have more money than they do (actually I'm in student loan debt so maybe I don't), but I still need my money. The pity party arouses my guilt and makes me angry.  Jesus.  What a fucking whiny party this is.  The top thread in r/sanfrancisco?  Fuck that.

Don't give them money if you don't want.  My job doesn't give me money with the idea that I'm going to spend it on something they want.  They give me the money; it's now my money.  Give a guy a dollar or don't, but don't bitch about what they spend it on.

Complain about something useful like cuts to services and affordable housing.  This is petty and stupid. > Sad to say, that pretty much ruined me for panhandlers. Now I'll give them food, but that's about it.

Yeah, earlier this year when I was working/staying in the city, I was trying to develop a habit of taking my leftovers (usually from dining out at lunch/dinner and sometimes breakfast) and hand them off to a needy looking panhandler.

Then, one night, I handed half of a pizza to a desperate looking lady who's general line was "can you please spare some change so I can eat tonight" ... and, I must say, she honestly looked surprised (or at least very grateful) at getting something like that from someone.

...then not more than maybe an hour later, I found the same woman... using the *exact* same line on me as I walked by her -- specifically asking "so she could eat tonight" -- and that sort of "ruined it" for me. I felt lied to, probably taken advantage of, and essentially tricked. Yeah, I can appreciate that it's partially "a full time job" to make any considerable cash... but, I *really* don't like feeling like my emotions were "played." Yeah, I'd had given her food if I had it, anyway ... but, I must admit I was a bit jaded after that experience. (I also continued to see her every few nights, generally a few blocks around the same area ... and always with the same line ... go figure)

So, as a consequence, I feel that now I'm a bit more suspicious of people's motivations... even those that honestly *look* like they need help. And really, ***that sucks***... It's okay, nobody gives those kids money anyway. Sounds like they know something the rest of us are missing. I think there's a few things going on beyond charity.

You've got people who give them money because it amuses them, that money is nothing to them, it makes them feel powerful.  Then you've got the people who want to be on their good side so they can get information on drugs or whatever.

Also you'll notice that mostly the people giving them money don't live in San Francisco, that's why Bart is the ultimate place for them to panhandle, a bunch of out-of-towners are passing through there.  You create the same situation in their city, they won't give them money, so.. in a sense.. people are focusing the panhandling problem not-in-their-backyard by giving in San Francisco.  I don't know if this is at all intentional, but I think it's part of the dynamic. Don't give them money.  Why the fuck do you think you need to.  If they're doing something illegal, fucking report it, if not get on with your goddamn life.

You act like everyone in the country has the ability to get a job and pay their rent and bills.  Fuck, have you taken a good look at some of the panhandlers?  Do you think they're employable in their state?  Maybe if we had the proper services to help them with their issues, you wouldn't have to spend 5 seconds being inconvenienced on you way to your JOB and on the way back to your HOME. I knew a girl in high school in her rebellious teenage phase.  Her parent made over 6 figures easy and lived in a REALLY nice part of Walnut Creek.  She ran away from home and lived on the street in Berkley and on Haight in SF as a gutter punk.  She spent her time begging for money and cigarettes until she got bored of living on the street and under bridges and went crying back home to mommy when things got too tough.

Point is, these gutter punk kids are doing it for kicks sometimes and not out of necessity. Nope, but apparently it can be an office. My understanding is that SF's climate is a big draw for the homeless. No frostbite/heatstroke is a big plus.  > First thing I did as a new yorker arriving in SF was to tell all those assholes on the center divider of Van Ness to go fuck themselves. 

You must have really loved New York. Maybe you should consider returning? You fuckin hippie A cellphone is not a home. And having a phone number is usually necessary to get a job, or sometimes even government benefits. There's a panhandler here that sits in a wheelchair, chain smoking, talking on her cellphone while she has a cat tied to the wheelchair and has a sign saying she needs money for her cat. 

It takes everything in me to not yell at her when I walk by for abusing a cat for pity point. heh you must be new. Being harangued by numerous panhandlers on a daily basis is a citywide quality of life issue, and a good portion of panhandlers have no problem breaking other laws as well (and I ain't talking about sit/lie).   Welcome to the whiny party.  You may wear this silly hat and be our new king. I partially agree but it's also due to the fact that there's a huge amount of foot traffic.  it's the same reason people panhandle on freeway off ramps.  More exposure and access.

I also see little girls and boys selling candy and other stuff outside the Concord station and people hawking stuff on the platforms.  It's all about concentration of people. I think you're conflating homeless with panhandlers. 

I will agree that a lot of these people need help to be productive members of society.  Giving them money isn't helping them it's only enabling them to be more of a drain by supporting their lifestyle.

Odds are though that they don't want your help, they want you money. With the right propulsion system it could be a rocket. This was a statement of fact, not a judgement either way, although it seems that you have leapt to that conclusion. I think his point is you should spend money on more important things than a cell phone. I got trolled and am ashamed.  Have fun stewing in your hate.  I'd love to imagine this was a teaching opportunity, but I don't think there's a chance of that. I'm not sure I understand then.  You refer to the homeless.  After referring to the "homeless dude on the island", you go on to say "Fuck them all.  They're not homeless...".

Odds are they want your money, I agree.  If you didn't have a home, it'd be nice to have a few bucks to afford yourself some minute comfort to take your mind off something.

I work with a lot of homeless outreach programs.  I understand the underlying issues.  What you're doing is hating on people that are simply down on their luck enough to ask for money.  

You ever think what it would take for you to be in such trouble that you'd panhandle?  Well, imagine that's where they're at.  You don't have to like them or give them money.  But a little compassion would make you sound a lot less hateful. In this day and age, a cell phone can be one of the most important, useful, and enabling things you own.

Think about how you'd find resources/information for a week without a computer or a cell phone. Suddenly, everything is way more inconvenient. People take that for granted. I am finding this useful because it's good to hear that other people feel the same way I do. I hate the homeless problem and I want to help. You are lucky that it doesn't bother you. It bothers a lot of people. Learning about what my pocket change actually goes to will help me feel less like I should give people money.  I've worked with St Vincent De Paul before as one of my old jobs at an outdoor hot tub and massage establishment offered up free showers for REAL homeless via a voucher system.  We had regulars come in, some were mothers with children, some were day laborers with no place to go but we offered them up a chance to get clean, shave, relax in the tub on the side even though it was supposed to just be a quick shower.

I've seen the face of people who were down on their luck.  Panhandlers are not down on their luck.  They have either an addiction, mental illness, crippling physical disability, or they just don't give a fuck and are out for your money because they are lazy and deceitful.  It's a crime against humanity that we don't have these people somewhere they can get help but we can thank Regan for shutting down the mental institutions. 

Pray tell why should people directly provide monetary support to beggars when there are indeed genuine options for people who want to recover and bounce back from will utilize? Hand a few panhandlers a business card for a shelter or work placement program.  When you turn your back I'll bet they throw it away.  Offer them a ride down there, offer them work, do anything besides give them money and watch as you're refused and they shoo you away because you're interrupting their hustle.

I'm getting old and bitter and ran out of pity a long time ago.  My parents collected cans on walks through the park when times were tough.  My mom when single used governmental food assistance programs to get us through tough times.  I've never been homeless but 

I've been on some tough fuckin times when I wasn't working and I always kept my pride and made my way out even when I had to skip meals to pay bills and get my ass to work at a temp agency.  I didn't have the luxury to smoke and drink because I had my priorities straight and saved when I could.

My grandmother made it through the dust bowl in OK and packed up in a pickup truck moved to CA and lived out the great depression by picking fruit out of the back of that truck. No running water, no heat, no warm bed to sleep on.  Sleeping under the stars raising her sisters while the parents were finding work.  

So excuse me when you see that I don't have pity for people who don't want to help themselves and instead foist their problems on others.  I sound all republican and bootstrappy but I'm actually liberal but this is one of my sore spots because my family and I have dealt with our own issues. Homeless people get their food out of dumpsters exclusively, if you go to the right dumpster at the right time you'll find plenty of good shit. Nearly every single one of them have criplling alcohol/heroin/crack/meth problems. If being homeless in San Francisco isn't their rock bottom, death probably is. Giving them money and such won't help them "get better". I do have sympathy for the homeless vets. They got played by a scam that far outscales any change the pan handlers are picking up. Oh no! You do realize that homeless people did just fine without phones up until a few years ago. Cell phones are only important because society tells us they are. How smug of you to think that a homeless person needs a cell phone as a security blanket like you and so many others. The homeless situation in this city bothers me immensely.  I do a lot of work with various homeless outreach/service organizations.  The problem I have with this thread is that it's a bunch of people just complaining about homeless people... without an ounce of constructive discussion.  It's venting.  And it's bullshit. You were a Vincent DePaul worker? How would you feel about doing an IamA? OK, that's great.  You were able to deal with your problems.  And your ancestors could deal with theirs.  If you thinks that 100% of problems get dealt with, you haven't really looked outside your particular instance.

Guess what: it ain't that fucking easy to get a shelter bed in this city.  Also guess what: of course they know that there are services available.  Why the fuck would they keep a card around that they already know the information for.  You're simplifying the issue and it really makes sense on the internet, but in real life your argument falls the fuck apart.

Have some compassion.  Or get fucked.  Either will work. Congrats!!!!!  You were able to deal with your problems.  And your ancestors could deal with theirs.  If you thinks that 100% of problems get dealt with, you haven't really looked outside your particular instance.

Have some compassion.  Or get fucked.  I'm done with ya. Food isn't so much the issue.  Anyone can go through the soup kitchen lines.  Food is there.  Dumpster diving isn't necessary, it can just be a bit easier than waiting in line at a kitchen.

I have plenty of homeless people that I'm very familiar with that are not drug addicts or drunks.  They've been through a system that didn't give a shit, parents that may not have given a shit, and don't have the social or emotional tools to be employed or even understand what they need to do.  They're not dumb, they're marginalized.  It's easy to cast a blanket over all homeless and say they're crackheads because that makes our society the victim, not them.  I'm not saying people should shed a tear at every homeless person they pass, but have some fucking respect for the fact that you - and whatever your case and hardships - made it through to spend time on the fucking internet talking about this shit, and didn't end up in their place. >homeless people

> >doing fine

People who don't have anywhere to live aren't exactly "doing fine".

Cell phones are useful tools, I don't see why you'd argue otherwise. Have you tried to use a pay phone recently? Oh wait, the receivers have all been smashed. Try to get someone else to lend you a phone or use a landline? Oh wait, they don't trust you because you look homeless. Hmm. I am not arguing a cell phone can be useful. But lmao a homeless person *needs* a cell phone. There are plenty of pay phones, and someone without a job has plenty of time to get to one. 

And you're right, no I don't trust someone who is caked in shit and rags to use my cell phone. I do, however, trust someone who looks like they may be homeless to use my cell phone if they are lucid and ask like any polite human being.

You argue homeless people need cell phones and wonder why the rest of the country thinks the west coast is crazy, Did I ever fucking say a homeless person NEEDS a cell phone? No, I said it was an extremely useful tool.

And a majority of pay phones have been damaged beyond use by vandalism. 