Restaurant Recs with Handicap Accessibility? My grandparents are visiting me in a few weeks and are excited to go out to dinner in the city. My grandmother is somewhat slow moving, and relies on a walker to get around.  I want to take them out to dinner, but most of the places I enjoy in SF are small with small tables/chairs, limited aisle space, etc. The only place I can picture with large booths and big walkways is Tony’s Pizza in North Beach. 

Any good restaurant recs that wouldn’t be too difficult for my grandmother to navigate? I used to have a friend that was wheelchair bound and I was the one responsible for making reservations. I'd love to help you figure out a place but knowing your food preferences and budget is also another limiting factor to consider. 

How adventurous is their palette? How much are they looking to spend?  Try the Gold Mirror on Taraval.  Good old school Italian-American food and easily accessible to disabled people, judging by the clientele. Chili Cha Cha 2 (24th st mission) is quite roomy. Budget is maybe $40/person not including drinks. Budget isn’t really a barrier for the right restaurant, just nothing crazy fancy/expensive. 

Any cuisine is fine for them. We live in Glen Park so Noe/Bernal/Mission is ideal, but we can get anywhere. >I used to have a friend...

I'm sorry to hear this.  I recall going to Perry's On Union. It's a solid meal, but I think can be much for an older generation at times. If they're familiar with Tales of the City, parts of it were set there. 

In Noe, I think Firefly can accomodate you. Since it's on a hill, they have an entrance that is more wheelchair accessible and the bathroom [which was my friend's biggest concern usually] is pretty large. 

I kept my eyes open when I was out looking at places with him in mind and it helped me find new places and places in general. My friend passed away some years ago, so I vaguely pay attention but not as concisely as I used to. 

One nice thing about Yelp, BTW, is that they have "Wheelchair Access" as something you can search for. I would suggest either calling ahead or stopping by wherever you end up thinking about. Most places are happy to accomodate but sometimes are clueless. I was trying to figure seating once by looking at images of a place, but the biggest issue was that they had a concrete step in front of the restaurant which was a non starter.  >... My friend passed away some years ago... 

OH no. Answered here. So sorry.  Thanks for your kindness. His death was so sudden [he was hit by a car crossing Market/Octavia] and in some ways I think he would have been fine with everything. He was a dude that super believed life was fated and I could easily see him laughing at knowing this was the way he went.  