Airbnb hosts reject guests with disabilities more often, researchers say  People with disabilities are more likely (obviously) to file disability or ADA lawsuits.  Why would you take that added risk if you could avoid it? Does the article attempt to determine if these rejections are due to unlawful discrimination? My apartment unit, for instance, isn't handicap accessible since it's an old building that was almost certainly built before accessibility was a widespread concern. If I were to rent out my place on Airbnb that I'd have to limit rentals to people who can climb up stairs. What would a host in that situation be supposed to do? Take disabled guests' money and just say "lol sucks to be you" when they can't access the rental unit?

How exactly to measure the accessibility of a unit is is [something hosts struggle to gauge](https://community.withairbnb.com/t5/Hosts/Disabled-access/td-p/75714). The consequences for not renting a unit to a guest is bad, but renting to a guest who later finds out the unit is incompatible with their disability is enormously worse for the guest. It's not hard to see why hosts might err on the side of assuming their units are less accessible than they really are. If I was optimistic, I'd say the downvotes are because folks think this isn't a San Francisco relevant article.

Realistically,

1.  folks want to defend the company, problematic business model, and their own conscience so they can gallivant around the world with cheap accommodations.

2. Airbnb literally has planned for and dumped a ton of money into politics and astroturfing:

  * [Airbnb Asks San Francisco Hosts to Lay Down Astroturf](https://uptownalmanac.com/2014/04/airbnb-asks-san-francisco-hosts-lay-down-astroturf)

  * [Inside Airbnb's Plan to Build a Grassroots Political Movement](http://time.com/4416136/airbnb-politics-sharing-economy-regulations-housing/)

  * [Senator hits Airbnb’s ‘AstroTurf’ lobbying effort](http://www.newsday.com/long-island/politics/spin-cycle/senator-hits-airbnb-s-astroturf-lobbying-effort-1.13548758) Women are more likely to file sexual harassment lawsuits. Why would you take the added risk of hiring them if you could avoid it?

Running an Airbnb is a business. Businesses are required to follow anti-discrimination laws. Regular hotels take your booking without seeing your photo and in many cases without even speaking to you.

Discrimination gets them sued, regardless of the reason. Airbnbs should be playing by the same rules or be shut down. Because it's illegal? Our society has chosen to prohibit lots of actions that help the person doing them but aren't fair to the rest of us. Why do you think you are being downvoted here? Most of the properties available through Airbnb are too small to fall under the ADA, so, by definition, they don't play by the same rules. If someone's house has a bunch of stairs and literally *cannot accommodate a wheelchair user*, is it discrimination if they decline the booking? > Why would you take the added risk of hiring them if you could avoid it?

You think sexual harassment laws and maternity leave requirements and so on don't make women less likely to be hired? If you're hosting someone in your personal residence, IS it illegal?

I don't think my personal home needs to be ADA compliant. I don't have a ramp, and there are steps to enter my home. What am i supposed to do if a person in a wheelchair wants to sleep on my couch? i'm not physically strong enough to accommodate them by carrying them up the stairs, and even if i could get them in - my apartment is not wheelchair accessible - the bathroom is tiny, the shower is tiny - it's not a good fit. 

This might shock you, but it's not illegal to discriminate against people on the base of race, gender, sex, or disability when it comes to screening someone staying in your private home where you also reside - you're just allowed to be picky, even to the point of being "mean" or "unfair" to a would-be guest - because it's YOUR home.  

A woman looking for a roommate is allowed to only want to live with another woman. A racist old man is allowed to discriminate when he rents out spare rooms in his private home.

The law is completely different when you are co-habitating with people than when you are offering boarding in a separate location. People with disabilities not requiring wheelchair access also had higher rejection rate (as did people with "black-sounding" names in a separate study). That argument doesn't hold.

If a business wasn't subject to ADA requirements due to being small, why would they fear the threat of a lawsuit? Is that a problem you think should not be solved? Should businesses not be penalized if found to do so? Do you have citations for that? I know Wikipedia isn't necessarily the best source, but https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_Housing_Act_(United_States) doesn't mention exceptions for a residence that you share with your tenant. My "argument" was simply that most Airbnb rentals are not subject to the same rules as hotels. I wasn't saying it was fine for them to discriminate arbitrarily. Because winning a lawsuit is still a massive pain in the ass and represents time and money nobody wants to have to spend?

And please note that while AIRBNB is not allowed to discriminate, the private homeowners renting out space within their private residence (and this is not all hosts - just the homeshare hosts) don't work for airbnb, they are merely contractors - and they are outright allowed to discriminate on race, gender, whatever in terms of "the law". It might be breach of contract with airbnb, but the rules for a person inviting folks into his/her home, where they live, are completely different from the rules for a person renting out space separate from their residence (more analogous than a hotel). 

This isn't new to the airbnb landscape - ever since racist old people on fixed incomes started renting out spare rooms in their house, there has been a distinction drawn between the rights people have in who they welcome into their personal residence (they have the right to discriminate on literally anything, it's their residence, where they live, and it's up to them if they don't let women/black people/blind people stay), as opposed to the limits to discrimination put on landlords renting out separate residence units. The rules are outright different, and while airbnb may be subject to certain rules, the home share hosts explicitly are not. Then they'll be more careful about even interviewing women.

No one does women any favors by denying the laws of economic gravity.  The more expensive or risky labor laws make employees, the harder time they'll have getting hired and the less cash wages they can expect. [here you go, the 9th circuit made the applicable decision in 2012](https://www.fairhousingcoach.com/article/court-fair-housing-law-doesnt-apply-roommate-selection).

Remember, reading a statute does not fully tell you what that statute means - you have to also look at case law interpreting that statute. You argued that wheelchair access was the reason for discrimination and omitted everything else. It was obvious from reading the article that wheelchair access wasn't the primary issue.  > Because winning a lawsuit is still a massive pain in the ass and represents time and money nobody wants to have to spend?

If your business by law does not need to be wheelchair accessible, no lawyer is going to waste time taking your case on contingency. And plaintiffs would be very dumb to lose hundreds of dollars in attorney billable hours for 5 minutes in front of a judge. It's not like a threat of a lawsuit would allow them to extort any benefit from the host without actually filing one.

Apartment buildings below a certain size are in the same situation and you don't see small-time landlords going out of business due to ADA lawsuits.

> the private homeowners renting out space ~~within their private residence~~

within their place of business

> and they are outright allowed to discriminate on race, gender, whatever in terms of "the law"

Uh no, businesses (most cities including SF require hosts to have a business license) are not outright allowed to discriminate by law.

You're trying to compare this to a roommate/sublet situation where a business is not involved. Instead Airbnb is for stays of less than 30 days (boarding), competing with hotels and operating as businesses.

 Those laws and the ideals behind them exist because society elected representatives that passed those laws.

I suppose one way you could "solve" that problem would be to roll back women's suffrage, but by now a majority of men also believe that women should have equal wages and career advancement opportunities. Thanks. Today I learned. > You argued that wheelchair access was the reason for discrimination and omitted everything else.  
  
I stated that most Airbnb properties don't fall under the ADA. I also asked if it's really discrimination if the property literally cannot accommodate a wheelchair user. Nowhere did I argue that wheelchair access with the sole or even primary reason for the difference in rental rates. and you're trying to make your whining that "it's a business" erase the very real fact that it implicates a person's private residence, and the rules are different for a private residence. 

A man renting rooms of his home to people is running a business, whether or not it's on airbnb. your distinction is meaningless. The fact that it is also "a place of business" doesn't suddenly erase the fact that it's a private residence, and people have rights to be shits when it comes to who they let come into their private residence.


> It's not like a threat of a lawsuit would allow them to extort any benefit from the host without actually filing one.

And THATS how i know you don't know what you're talking about. That's exactly the racket that many, many people run - threaten lawsuits to extract a settlement without actually filing anything. Entire  companies exist to help extract settlement money based on threat of lawsuits - under the ADA, copyright, patent, etc. people unaware of their rights under the law are constantly bullied by such schemes, who threaten lawsuits and ruined reputations.

Small-time landlords avoid the ADA lawsuits because that caselaw has already been well-settled - and in that process, lots of landlords absolutely did face expensive legal battles, and yes, went out of business. It will take another round of caselaw to confirm that, yes, airbnb is subject to these rules (and not instead seen as a distributed hotel with as many rooms as airbnb has listings, thus subject to ADA rules).

Everyone opening their private residence to strangers in exchange for money, even in SF, is allowed to say no based on whatever rules they want. You keep trying to draw lines based on whether it's a "business" but that's a meaningless distinction - it's ALWAYS a business when you're trading money for a place to live - when it's *also* the landlord's place to live, you may not like it, but they absolutely can and do (and will continue to) discriminate.  Sure, I understand how the laws got on the books, I'm just saying they're something of a swindle.  The visible benefits they promise come with corresponding hidden costs.  There is no free lunch. Why misdirect the topic to something that neither proves nor disproves it when it's already been accounted for? > And THATS how i know you don't know what you're talking about. That's exactly the racket that many, many people run - threaten lawsuits to extract a settlement without actually filing anything. Entire companies exist to help extract settlement money based on threat of lawsuits - under the ADA, copyright, patent, etc. people unaware of their rights under the law are constantly bullied by such schemes, who threaten lawsuits and ruined reputations.

The case of whether a facility requires ADA compliance is pretty clear cut - the Department of Building Inspection will have records. This is unlike the cases you're talking about with settlements where there is interpretation and judgement to be made. If empty threats against ignorant hosts is what you're worried about, Airbnb can simply post a form letter on their site for their hosts (along with the anti-discrimination policy they make their hosts read) and those threats are no longer a worry.

The point I was referring to is that in Airbnb relationship the guest holds nothing of value (no deposit/chargeback/property) over the host they can threaten to withhold for a settlement, but you failed to get it.

> Small-time landlords avoid the ADA lawsuits because that caselaw has already been well-settled

According to you Airbnb is covered by laws regarding roommates, yet you say case-law is not established. It's either one or the other.

> Everyone opening their private residence to strangers in exchange for money, even in SF, is allowed to say no based on whatever rules they want.

Hyperbole much? Even subletters (which you seem to insist Airbnb guests are, even though they're a completely different relationship) have rights within the law.

Finally, your whole argument about "opening up private homes where they live" is moot, since discrimination occurred in the study even for "entire place" listings. Your contention was that Airbnbs should be playing by the same rules as hotels, but that's incorrect -- they most definitely do not play by the same rules. If a hotel declines to book a wheelchair user, or blind person, or someone with cerebral palsy, they are breaking the law. If an Airbnb host does the same thing, they are not necessarily breaking the law. It is also not necessarily discrimination. The laws are different, and the circumstances are different.   >in Airbnb relationship the guest holds nothing of value (no deposit/chargeback/property) over the host they can threaten to withhold for a settlement.

In *any* relationship where a prospective tenant/boarder is not selected due to discrimination, the would-be guest holds nothing of value they can threaten to withhold for a settlement. So again, you make no meaningful distinction. What does the guest hold of value in any relationship where they are denied service due to discrimination? 

Guests have the ability to threaten to tell AIRBNB of the host's discrimination, which would result in being booted from the platform for violating Airbnb's ToS. 

>According to you Airbnb is covered by laws regarding roommates, yet you say case-law is not established. It's either one or the other.

Nope. schrodinger's caselaw. It's the opinion of whoever you're talking to, based on their understanding of and analogizing to current caselaw, until more definitive caselaw comes along. 

My legal opinion is that current caselaw supports that airbnb hosts offering space in their private residences don't violate the FHA or the ADA by screening based on race, sex, disability, etc. - in fact, the US constitution protects the right to do so within your own home, according to the 9th circuit analogizing to Lawrence V Texas. But that opinion comes from analogizing case law that does not *explicitly* mention the airbnb host/guest relationship, and so lawsuits will still clarify this point in the future. that is EXACTLY why hosts are exposed to the risk of threat of lawsuit. It sucks to be a test case, even if you win.

>Even subletters (which you seem to insist Airbnb guests are, even though they're a completely different relationship) have rights within the law.

But they DONT have the right to be free from discrimination based on sex, race, disability, etc. That's why a female master tenant can specifically say "I am looking for a female roommate" when she sublets her apartment. Subletters within a master tenant's apartment do not rent what constitutes a "dwelling" in the eyes of the law, and the FHA does not apply to subletters being screened by a master tenant who is renting out space in his/her own home.

I never challenged the "entire place" listings, I always specified that this applies ONLY to shared spaces. You don't successfully declare an entire argument moot" by ignoring the framing of said argument and then pointing out that it doesn't apply outside of that framing.

**Look, part of the issue is that shared-space airbnb hosting isn't quite running a hotel, and it isn't quite subletting a room in your house. It's got aspects of BOTH. So you cant just plug in the rules giving rights to hotel guests, and completely ignore the rules giving rights to homoeowners/master tenants. you have to look into *why* those parties have those rights. Much as you don't like it, the Constitution is what gives people the freedom to choose not to live with a certain group of people, even if it's a protected/semi protected class, and even if it's for ugly reasons. Quite simply, you have the right to be a bigot in your own home, even if you're simultaneously selling tickets to sleep on your couch.** > In any relationship where a prospective tenant/boarder is not selected due to discrimination, the would-be guest holds nothing of value they can threaten to withhold for a settlement. So again, you make no meaningful distinction. What does the guest hold of value in any relationship where they are denied service due to discrimination?

Correct, this was a general argument that any guest/host relationship has no meaningful prior value. I was using in contrast to other threats of litigation you brought up such as with patents, where large corporations hold obligations to each other outside of patents, or in say contract disputes involving physical goods and payments.

A threat of falsely reporting ToS violations would be available to any guest, as there are guest protections not pertaining to discrimination in the agreement.

The original justification given in this thread was litigation risk. The finding of discrimination in all cases as opposed to just hosted rentals is relevant because it implies discrimination occurs even if litigation risk is removed. Therefore the perceived risk isn't the root of the problem.

Do you not see how that discrimination on the platform impacts the disadvantaged - even those not involved in the specific transaction - regardless of whether you believe it is a private matter?

If the Airbnb platform outcompetes he regulated hotel industry using unregulated tactics, there will be fewer choices for lodging and more difficulties for those who are the target of discrimination. It's the same class of problems as what allowing circumvention of regulations in an established industries like healthcare could cause. 