SF supervisors OK $14.5 million payment to woman paralyzed by tree limb  What a lose, lose.

  
There goes our tax payer money throw away due to the poor city conditions, and there goes someone to be permanently bounded to a wheelchair. There are so many gigantic, dead/damaged/dangling, 100+ pound tree limbs that hang over paths in Golden Gate Park it's scary.  I report them to 311 but they never seem to be addressed.  

And typically I'd say 311 does a great job of addressing my reports...But these tree limbs are a huge issue that is not being addressed. 

 Another horrible accident will happen soon. That's 20x what I need to retire at a 3% swr!!! An estimate of all worldwide "broad money" in 2015 is [$90.4 trillion](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/this-is-how-much-money-exists-in-the-entire-world-in-one-chart-2015-12-18). Worldwide population estimate is [$7.7 billion](http://www.worldometers.info/world-population/). Distributed evenly, this would be $11,740 per person.

She has been paid out $14.5 million (1,235 * $11,740).

For context:

* Average payout to a family of a 9/11 victim was $3.1 million (264 * $11,740).

* Average student loan in 2018 is $39,400 (3.35 * $11,740).

* Average cost of raising a special needs child over their lifetime is $1.4 million (119 * $11,740).

The question of how much to pay out to an injured party is interesting. How do you set the scale? What assumptions go into your valuation?

I don't particularly have a point but to highlight interesting numbers and considerations involved. There is an older Commonwealth Club talk by the paymaster from 9/11 who went into more detail on the topic, a good listen.

It's a difficult task to try and put in dollars the value of a human life. Do you wanna retire paralyzed? Because she'd probably be happy to ever walk again. She doesn't have to retire, she's a paraplegic based on the photo of her holding coffee. She can live an extremely functional and productive life doing most professions. 14.5 million is extremely excessive.

Look, I'm not saying it doesn't suck, but this is a bit absurd. Trees lose branches, shit trees themselves come down in storms (maybe not in SF but hey I've lived nearly the entirety of my life in tornado alley). 

>Because she'd probably be happy to ever walk again.

[She already sorta can](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/robotic-exoskeletons-helping-paraplegics-walk-again/) and that tech is only going to get better, not to mention medical therapies that may come into existence in even just the next decade or two.

Her medical expenses should have been covered, setting her up with a high-end wheelchair should have been covered, outfitting her domicile to be wheelchair accessible probably should have been, but 14.5 million dollars? Bah! I have never met a single person who received an award for an injury that would not have turned that money over in a second to have the health back.
 That doesn't mean she deserves 14.5 million... it's an 'act of god'. A crane didn't fall on her, a lamp post didn't fall on her, another biotic species fell on her. 

Covering medical expenses and rehabilitation is the morally/socially appropriate thing to do, making her independently wealthy several times over is a gross misuse of taxpayer funds. 

If she throws that in a broad-market index fund she'll have a million dollars a year return on average. They basically just enabled her to have a 7-figure income for the rest of her life (if she responsibly uses the funds) because a tree branch fell on her.  A tree maintained by the city in a group of trees already reported to have limbs falling off. 

The city was negligent. This is a settlement. The city doesn't want to pay any more than she wants to be paraplegic but both know this is the best they'll get. Dude you should have told the city about the rule that if it's another biotic species you aren't liable for any damages.  I bet their lawyers completely missed it.

\> They basically just enabled her to have a 7-figure income for the rest of her life (if she responsibly uses the funds) because a tree branch fell on her.

... and paralyzed her. What's the rehabilitation for being a paraplegic again? They are called damages, lady probably won't be able to walk for the rest of her life, she should get paid.

&#x200B; It's not the 'city's' money; it's our money. > A tree maintained by the city

It's a tree. It's nature, not a building. I swear people in the bay area live in some imaginary fantasy land.  > ... and paralyzed her

Which does not prohibit her from working. 14.5 million is more than she would have made in several lifetimes. 


Median **household** income in San Francisco is $77,734.

If she happened to earn that much, she'd have to work 186.53 years to make 14.5 million dollars. Probably much longer as settlements like this are often excluded from taxation. 

If she can hold a cup of coffee, she can work just about any job. I *dare* you to go tell the next paraplegic you see in a wheelchair working that they should be at home because clearly they are incapable of working. I *dare* you. It's not nature, it's a city park. I'd not sue the USFS if a tree falls on me while camping in the wilderness, but this is not that. This is a managed area owned and ran by the city. lol dude I don't know if you are being intentionally dense or really don't understand what everyone else clearly seems to. No one is saying she can't keep working a desk job, they are saying she can't use her legs for the rest of her life. They are called compensatory damages. Look it up.  Compensatory, compensate, you're being compensated for losing the use of your legs for the rest of your life. > It's not nature, it's a city park

No, it's very much nature. It's not like the government went in and clear cut those pesky buildings that just grow everywhere, destroyed a natural ecosystem of asphalt and concrete, added dirt with thousands of species per square meter of soil and planted trees. 

If a raptor species swooped out of the sky and raked it's talons across her face, taking out one or both eyes, would you expect the city or state to shell out 14.5 million dollars?

If she was at the beach, slipped and hit her head on a rock causing the same damage she has now would you expect the city to strip the beach to the bedrock and them only add back the sand and pay her 14.5 million dollars? 

If by a similarly freak accident she was standing in the park and a lighting bolt struck her, but she managed to survive as does tend to happen, would you expect them to shell out 14.5 million for not having adequate lightning rods? 

If golf-ball sized hail whacked her just right, causing the same damage as the tree branch, would you be outraged that the city didn't maintain a roof over the park and expect them to shell out 14.5 million dollars? Does the city take care of the raptor? No.

Does the city position the rock on the beach? No.

Does the city make the lightning? No.

Does the city hit the golf ball? No.

Does the city prune the trees in city parks? Yes. These are trees planted by the city and maintained by the city.  Additionally, these are tree limbs that are known to be potential hazards (dead/dying limbs are obvious, huge hazards).  The city was negligent, period.  
  >Does the city prune the trees in city parks? Yes.


Yes well, dumbassery can't be helped. They're fucking trees.  >The city was negligent, period.

*nature was being nature.  They're not even native trees lol

They're 100% the result of human intervention 