Activities around Puget Sound for those who have difficulties walking My family is coming to visit and I'd love to take them around town and beyond but my mother has a tough time walking distance and has a difficult time with stairs. I'd still love to show her the beauty and wondered if there are any suggestions. She does not use a wheelchair.  Ferry to Bainbridge gets you a nice view and you can sit for the whole time. Most people walk around the BI downtown, but you can certainly taxi over to the far side of Winslow and slowly walk back (bench by bench, depending on how far "distance" is for her). 

Ride the ducks would work except requires stairs to get in/out (not many, but narrow and steep).

Columbia tower requires little walking and has great views (and seating up top).

If you can talk her into it, bite the bullet and get a chair for a day. Electric or manual, gotta swallow the pride and get mobile to do 90% of the touristy things.
 OP try this older thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/Seattle/comments/3q9bv0/sightseeing_with_disabled/ If she would be willing to use a wheelchair for a period of time, most museums will have them available to borrow. It has made sightseeing with my Mom much easier. Otherwise, drive them around? Ferry to Bremerton, elevator to the lower level, and then the foot ferry to Port Orchard. Lots of really pretty waterfront scenery, some cute restaurants/cafes, antique shops, and it's pretty flat. There are WTA trails that are wheelchair accessible so I gotta assume that they would not be difficult to walk If she wants to see some nature, check out Gold Creek Pond in the Snoqualmie Pass area. It's a pretty little ADA-accessible trail around a cute little pond about 1 mile around. There's a picnic area so you could at the very least sit there, have a sandwich, and enjoy the view, and if you're feeling adventurous maybe walk partway around the lake.

Also, Kerry Park! Bloedel gardens on Bainbridge island have a ton of benches placed over short distances so that you can go for a pretty walk even if you need a ton of breaks. I really want to offer advice but it needs to be cross posted to the new Seattle reddit.

The stadiums are great at accommodating disabilities. Same day tickets are often available (not sure about Seahawks). 