WA ID for geriatric - What's involved for those with medical reasons to not go to DoL? My nonagenarian relative is done driving and is wheelchair bound, but may need a state photo ID when her birthday comes around this year and her WA Driver's License expires.  The state's website talks about medical accommodations, but is pretty nebulous about what those are.  Does anyone know what is done in Seattle?

http://www.dol.wa.gov/driverslicense/gettingidcard.html

>In certain cases, we can provide accommodations for customers that can’t visit an office. This service is an option if you’re unable to visit an office for health reasons. Other restrictions may apply. The next words on the website, immediately below the ones you quoted, are:

>For more information:
>
>    * Contact your local driver licensing office
>    * Call our Customer Service Center at 360.902.3900


...that seems like a pretty big clue about how to get more information! Id take her to Shoreline. Its fairly easy to negotiate. Kinda wondering what a 90+ year old with limited mobility needs photo ID for. Yes, I saw that.  Call Olympia or a DOL office downtown is where I'll go next.  I just figured someone who has done this would be able to answer in 2 minutes which might be faster than the DOL hold I'll encounter. Unfortunately anything requiring in-person appearances isn't easy to negotiate anymore.  Wheelchair bound and it's tough to go more than an hour/have any excitement or movement without a bathroom break, which requires "assistance".  We used Northwest Transport this week for a run to a bank 4 blocks down a steep hill to get a witness for signing bank bonds.  Birthday is 6 months away so may or may not have to do this.  Am just frustrated that all the guidance is for renewing DL (requires physical appearance at this age) but a photo ID is still important sometimes so easiest would be to renew/downgrade to just ID card. Going to the weed shops?

In this case it was to have a person at a bank witness the signing of US Treasury bonds from the 60s that are redeemed by a witnessed signature (and it's apparently a different official service from notary services). They need her or you to call them to talk about exactly what accommodations she will require because of her disability. Just showing up at an office means they may not have the accommodations she needs at that particular time or at that particular office. Since people have a wide variety of disabilities that effect them in a multitude of ways it's near impossible to be prepared for every eventuality all of the time. Unfortunately the people at the DOL aren't clairvoyant. Those people ask for too much money and, oddly, are never hired. You'd think if they were so good at seeing the future... Oh, never mind. I'm rambling. Going to a weed shop is the kind of thing I'd expect a nice younger relative to do for you if you're wheelchair bound and need medical transport to get to the DMV :)

But yeah, that's sounds like the kind of pain in the butt you might need a photo ID for. The "disability" is that she's very immobile and we aren't interested in showing up to a DoL office to renew a driving ability (why they require in person for 70+) when we really just want to keep an active photo ID, which her driver's license has served as.  To do so would likely add $45 in med transport costs and probably a visit to a DOL bathroom that'll be unpleasant for all.

Poke around at the DoL website and you'll see that there's nothing to address the idea of "downgrading" from a DL to a ID and all the online renewal mechanisms are geared towards maintaining a DL/requiring that in-person visit.

Maybe I've got it wrong and over 70 they just expect more people who have died/folks try to scam the state for photo IDs. You need to call the DOL customer service line and have this conversion with a DOL employee. Everyone here has helped you as much as someone who doesn't work for the DOL can help.  Someone included the phone number in a comment above or you can find it on the DOL web site. 

You shouldn't put disability in quotation marks. Using quotation marks in that way implies an alternate meaning for disability. I contacted the DoL.  There isn't a mechanism to downgrade a DL to an ID on renewal and we'll have to go through the motions to basically get a new ID.  They can send someone with a camera or may permit someone to bring a photo to the office, but apparently just using the old photo that was on file with the DL isn't possible even though if she had an ID that was expiring, they could just renew the ID online without a new photo.  It's kind of a crappy solution that doesn't accept that her prior WA DL was a perfectly valid ID too.

I "disability" because when you're in the upper 90s, being alive but wheelchair bound isn't a handicap so much as just the progression of all our bodies during life.  You're the one who called my grandmother disabled. Oh, i understand now. I was in the middle of writing that the DOL sounds like they are willing to be very accommodating of your grandmother's mobility disability. Then it clicked. 

You don't a current photo of your grandmother on her ID. Is it because you'd like to remember her how she was instead of how she is now. That's a reasonable feeling and totally understandable. However, the harsh reality is that this is an official government ID. It's not a glamour photo shoot or a session in a photo studio.

It she needs the ID get her the ID. It won't change your memories of her. I promise.  You're not comprehending that you can renew WA IDs without new photos constantly until she passes away and I had no idea how accommodating they would be until I got that response yesterday.

I bet a more likely thing is their software just isn't setup to change from a WA DL to an ID with the same photo they took for the DL.  Maybe they store the entire processed ID for reprinting but can't do the rotation/new background. What the hell are you talking about? I was replying specifically to this.

>They can send someone with a camera or may permit someone to bring a photo to the office, but apparently just using the old photo that was on file with the DL isn't possible even though if she had an ID that was expiring, they could just renew the ID online without a new photo.

Sending someone to her house with a camera or having someone else bring a photo to the License/ID office sound like a great option for someone who is a wheelchair and has bathroom issues. Why else wouldn't she use one of these option? Because they're both a pain in the arse, and if she was renewing her DL instead of switching to an ID she wouldn't have to? You get it, although it's "if she were renewing an ID instead of switching from a DL to an ID she wouldn't have to".

I've always thought our DL was basically functioning as ID + Driver Cert but when it's time to formally give up the Driver Cert it's not so easy to just renew the ID function, they want it to basically be handi-accommodating issuing a new ID to a stranger. 