Visiting Seattle this weekend, walking impaired - recommendations sought! Hey there Seattleites... I'm visiting your fair town this weekend and looking for neat things to do with a group of friends that don't require a lot of walking since I recently injured my knee and I'm limping along with a brace and cane. This isn't our first time visiting so I've done a lot of the obvious:

Space Needle,Chihuly Gardens, Pike's Place Market, 5 Points Cafe, Fremont Troll, Library, Underground Tour, Aquarium...

Looking for something a little less obvious and your help is much appreciated.

Right now I'm looking at a ferry ride to Bainbridge island (brewery, winery are on the docket)... feedback on that would be appreciated also!

Cheers! Hi there!

If there are museums you're still interested in going to, many of them do have wheelchairs that you can check out for free at the front desk. MoPOP, MOHAI do.

The Seattle Art Museum, Asian Art Museum, and Olympic Sculpture Park have an [accessibility page here](http://www.seattleartmuseum.org/visit/accessibility) that describes where the closest drop off points for each one is and how to obtain a wheelchair at each location.

Most of these only have 2 wheelchairs available first-come-first-serve, so having backup plans might not be the worst idea.

As for the ferry, the ADA accessibility information is available [here](http://www.wsdot.com/ferries/schedule/ScheduleDetailByRoute.aspx?route=sea-bi) by clicking on the ship name with the disabled symbol next to it. You can let them know you need to park closer to the elevator. I'm not sure if you'd need a temporary disabled parking placard to have that request respected or not. http://www.burkemuseum.org
I think the Burke is my favorite museum in Seattle, although you might enjoy the Nordic Heritage Museum in Ballard, also.

I think I might check out their Merrimekko exhibit.
 http://nordicmuseum.org/exhibitions/132604 Bainbridge/Winslow is a bit of walk from the Ferry, FYI! It's about a mile. Not really light on the walking but, there is a conservatory near the Asian art museum, and a cemetery near that where Bruce & Brandon Lee are buried. Gas works park, Dicks burgers, Theo chocolate are in the same relative area as the troll, not to mention cool shops/bars/restaurants. Well there is roller derby at Southgate roller rink.

There is also the living computer museum.

The meat and cheese festival is this weekend downtown

 Its not really touristy, but it sounds pretty cool and some water therapy in the pool and jacuzzi, may be just the thing when you get tired of walking around.

http://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/at-last-a-sparkly-new-community-center-for-rainier-beach/ We wont' be driving... but thanks for the heads up on the accessibility... also I didn't realize that museums have wheelchairs you can check out, that is great. I'm only temporarily impaired so I didn't consider borrowing a wheelchair. Thanks! Burke looks really cool, thanks. Good to know. Is there Uber/Lyft out there? Very cool, thanks for the heads up. A good soak after walking about would probably do my knee some good. Just pulled up Uber, nothing. 2 Lyfts are currently chillin by the ferry. I bet they get snagged as ferries come in.

Could also leapfrog your way between breweries and tasting rooms, wouldn't be too bad. That was generally the plan... maybe cab/Lyft back to ferry towards the end of the day. Thanks for the info. 