Seattle man broke woman's wheelchair, raped her on camera.  This is all sorts of fucked up.  The whole thing is just horrific, not only physically disabled but mentally disabled as well. Thank god her care giver came, I couldn't imagine if they hadn't. Aside from the act itself, the bail amount angers me. Such a paltry amount in the spectrum of crimes. I've seen robbers get bigger bail amounts. It is high, but not obtainable for some to get the percentage needed to get out. Saying he'd never do it again or not, he shouldn't be out on the streets again. At least not so soon after this happened, and not without years of jail time at least.
Edit,typo [deleted] > He was arrested at the scene and is alleged to have told police he "won't do it again."

Ah ok, well that settles that *let em go boys, he said he wouldn't do it again* Everyone knows promising to not do something again holds no legal baring.
Double pinky swears are the only thing that will hold up in court.
Thankfully this guy didn't know this. If you look him up on the king county inmate lookup, he was arrested two days before the attack for theft, released the next day under "conditional release". Wow, just freaking wow. 18 years old... He says he'll never do it again but the next 50+ years will tell. Chances are he's going to get worse in jail where they run their own form of justice, starving, beatings, probably rape. He's still likely going to face years of jail time, even if he does manage to post bail. I'm curious to that as well, kidnapping & breaking and entering are something that I would think would have also been added. Also why no mention of anything else about him. Just simply "Seattle man", usually in stories like this they include a former high school, where he worked, things like that.  They can always add more charges later, in this case I suspect they will. Disabling telecommunications devices to prevent someone reporting a crime, is a crime itself.  In addition it sounds like a semi-confession, going to be make his lawyer's job a lot harder in the plea bargaining. Career criminals have a high recidivism rate.  I agree it's horrible he did this but why would they have not released him for theft? They couldn't have known what was going to happen, right? wtf is wrong with you?  Are you seriously OUTRAGED that they're not able to predict the future?

Holy shit I hate fucktards like you.  Guess you would have seen he looked like a rapist and held him.

 More that he was just in jail, and his bail was still so low. In many cases if they're just picked up for something, get out, commit a crime, bail is higher than that. Wasn't talking about future crimes, theft and rape are very different. Woah, calm down, take a deep breath. It's the Internet.
Meant from the low bail part. It was very low considering the crime and he's on conditional release.
You can go back to hating me for something you thought up that I didn't say.  