My handicapped grandfather needs to get from Tacoma to SeaTac Airport tomorrow but he can't walk. Are there any car services that won't just drop him off, but help with luggage and get him a wheelchair? Hi r/Seattle,


I was wondering if there are any "full service" taxi or car services that can take my handicapped grandpa from Tacoma to the SeaTac airport. Unfortunately, a normal cab won't work since he can't just be dropped off. The car service would need park, bring his luggage from the car to the airport, and ask the airport for wheelchair assistance. At that point my grandpa would be fine and the car service employee could leave. Unfortunately I'm not in town or I would take him myself.


I've googled but couldn't find anything. [From SeaTac's website:](https://www.portseattle.org/Sea-Tac/Passenger-Services/Pages/Accessibility.aspx)

Wheelchair services:
To your ticket counter from Link Light Rail, Rental Car Drop off or Parking Garage: Travelers must contact Prospect Airport Services at (206) 246-1550 to make a reservation prior to your arrival at the airport.

From your ticket counter to your departure gate: Travelers must contact their airline directly to make a reservation prior to your arrival at the airport.

From your Arrival gate to Baggage Claim: Travelers must contact their airline directly to make a reservation prior to your arrival at the airport.
 the airport or an attendant at his airline dropoff will take care of him. give the airport and/or your airline a call to ensure someone will be available with a wheelchair If SeaTac won't assist your grandfather out of the taxi, another option is a cabulance.  Unfortunately, I don't have a recommended one for you in Tacoma.  [You want the Tacoma Paratransit Shuttle](https://www.piercetransit.org/shuttle/) He should bike because climate change.  Thanks. I saw that, but it didn't have any info about from Taxi to ticket counter. Yeah this. The attendants at the drop off should be able to take care of these things with no problem. Maybe try to pull up close to where you can see them at their little stands or whatever you call them. I'd try other options provided by the airport and airlines before using a cabulance. They're pricey and primarily used to transport clients to the hospital or a nursing home in lieu of an ambulance. I'd just call that number and ask them what you should do. I'm sure a skycap can get your grandfather a wheelchair, but those guys will probably be able to tell you all the details of how it works. Will do, thank you. 