Seattle, I know there are a million awesome things to do in this amazing city, but what are some awesome Handicap Accessible places to visit/sight see? My father, who is handicapped, will be coming to town for his annual visit at the end of June.  I am running out of places to go due to accessibility issues.  There are so many simple things I'd love to show him in the city but can't.  We can't go on the Underground Tour obviously, but even riding the Ducks is out of the question because they require you to go down 8 stairs to get in the boat.  We went to Pike Place once and he didn't quite enjoy it so much because of how crowded it was and the fact that he could barely move in there.  

So far this visit we are planning to go to Leavenworth and possibly ride the Great Wheel, but I am running out of other ideas.  Help!  With any luck maybe we can get the mods to add it to the FAQ thread for everyone to enjoy!

**TL;DR** Help me make a cool list of places to visit that are Handicap Accessible in this great town!   What does he like to do? Given that he's an older guy, I'd suggest the Museum of Flight. It has something for everyone!  The Pacific Science Center and Aquarium both meet ADA regulations. As does the Science Experience and the EMP. I'm not sure about the water taxi, but that is a great, cheap way to see the skyline from the water, and where it docks in West Seattle is a fantastic restaurant called Marination Ma Kai, where, weather allowing, you could sit on the quiet dock and enjoy your meal. There is also a free shuttle from its docking point to the beach, which I believe is also required to be accessible. There is a nice shopping street in West Seattle also, with Cupcake Royale, Easy Street and some nice shops. You would either have to drive or take public transport from the beach to get there though.

Edit: grammar/spelling The Ballard Locks and the really cool fish ladder are easily accessible via ramps. However, it would be far easier for someone to park at [Commodore Park](http://maps.google.com/maps?q=ballard+locks&ll=47.664885,-122.398188&spn=0.004368,0.008256&fb=1&gl=us&hq=ballard+locks&hnear=ballard+locks&cid=0,0,14072505718397902749&t=h&z=18) on the magnolia side, then simply roll right to the entrance of the fish ladder as opposed to negotiating the narrow pathways at the top of the locks if you were coming from the Ballard side. There is a bit of a slope on the way back up, but presumably you will be there to help push. My sister is handicapped (wheel-chair bound) and our favorite thing we've done together is walking onto the Bainbridge ferry on a nice day then walking over to [the harbor pub](http://www.harbourpub.com/) for some drinks/dinner. Then ride the ferry back around sunset. Also there's a great [ice cream](http://moraicecream.com/) place near the ferry terminal.

The columbia tower starbucks (40th floor?) is also accessible for a nice view and a tasty drink.

The arboretum is also mostly accessible for a nice jaunt through nature. Argosy Cruise! Sit and enjoy the view. The new Museum of History and Industry on the southern tip of Lake Union is pretty cool, and if it's nice out it's a great place to watch the seaplanes land and take in our beautiful city.  Kubota Gardens is now ADA accessible.

It's easily one of my favorite places to bring out of town guests to. Kerry Park, the place where you see the iconic (cliche) view of Seattle, is easily wheelchair accessible.

The view:  http://seattle-daily-photo.blogspot.com/2007/03/shooting-at-kerry-park-lookout.html The University of Washington is accessible. There are museums there (Henry Art Gallery with crazy modern art and Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture which has dinosaur exhibits + WA native culture exhibits). Also the Suzzalo reading room at Suzzalo library is beautiful When the weather is nice taking any of the ferries is actually a really nice trip. The Bremerton ferry route is quite beautiful, but it's a bit long there and back.

Basically anything government-run is going to be wheelchair accessible and there are many parks around here, etc. It depends on what kind of stuff you guys want to do/see. I'm reading in other comments that your dad is using a wheelchair. Is your dad using a manual chair, or an electric chair? Or something else sometimes?

My mom uses an electric wheelchair full-time, and she may be visiting soon, so this thread is also interesting to me :)

The Theo tour is very cool, and I think it's accessible. Great tour.

Cinerama is accessible (yeah, just a movie theater, but I have taken out of town visitors there because omg chocolate popcorn and it's a beautiful theater and we liked the movie playing).

The Great Wheel is pretty great. Pricey, but gorgeous view. The view from the Space Needle and from Columbia Tower are also great, but the Wheel puts you right over the water, and it is mind-blowing. 

Others mentioned the ferries; taking my mom to Bainbridge was one of my first thoughts when she and I started trip planning. I can walk on; she can roll on :) Haven't seen mention of the Woodland Park Zoo.  I haven't been there in 20 years.  Can anyone attest to their wheelchair friendliness?   Go to Gasworks park on a nice day, I mean as long as the hill isn't too steep. You might have to run some people over as well but it's definitely doable and it'd probably be a fun ride down as well. Wee! (I'm assuming he's in a wheelchair though if not then it might be harder to access) Well we've done a mariner's game,  redhook tour,  Ranier, space needle,  pike place..  All the places escape me.  Did the Everett Boeing tour a few years back.  He did love that...  Way better tour if you're with a wheelchair. We went thru the factory on the floor (among other places) .  Made the regular tour boring.  Haha.  Haven't done the museum of flight though,  I'll have to add that to the list!  There are two water taxi shuttles throughout West Seattle if you don't have a car: http://metro.kingcounty.gov/cftemplates/show_map.cfm?BUS_ROUTE=773&DAY_NAV=WSU  Cool! I'll check out the water taxi,  that would be a lot of fun. And I forgot about west Seattle.   Great views of the city!  Oh yeah! Ive heard so much about the locks... I'll look into this!! Thanks! Definitely go via Commodore Park for wheelchair access.  I was gonna suggest ride the ferry, but this is better! Good one. SLU in general is nice and you can take the trolly directly to/from Downtown. I was just in Kubota with a wheelchair, it's a fair bit of work. The whole thing is gravel paths. It was a lot of uphill on gravel to leave. I sure do hope the weather will be nice that week! Cool, thx. He would love the museums! He's in a manual chair. He had polio as a kid so this is something he is used to i guess you could say.. And refuses to go electric. Stubborn old man :) i was thinking the great wheel too, really hoping we get some good weather  Great idea, Woodland Park Zoo is one of the better zoos I have seen.  Looks like they are very accessible as well: http://www.zoo.org/page.aspx?pid=1751#.UbBd1ny9KSM Try Columbia Center. I think they have some kind of observation deck. Being the tallest building in the city, I've heard it's a nicer view than the Space Needle. Definitely go to the MoF, the place is awesome for everybody and everything is accessible there. That sucks to hear..  We had a similar experience last year when we went to the oly natl park..  Hurricane ridge was great (except where there was still snow)  but we went to the Hoh Rainforest and the ADA trail they had was shorter than my driveway.  Super disappointing. We went to Rialto Beach too,  cuz that was ADA accessible apparently....  It wasn't.  About 100 feet of paved path then rock/sand mix.  I said screw it and fought with all my might to get him on that damn beach anyway!  I have been and can confirm that the view is epic.  But you have to go on a weekday during business hours.  Ask the front desk downstairs and someone from security will send you up via elevator.  When I went, there was no one else up there.  It was only $11 at the time, might be more now. Sounds perfect! I know it to be much less than the Space Needle, but shoot, I'm sorry I forgot that part about only being open on business time.

I'm not sure if someone's suggested the Fremont Troll or the MOHAI yet, but that's also what I'd show someone in Seattle. I really wish it was open on weekends/evenings but I guess being only weekdays definitely antes up the exclusivity. 