Paralyzed Man Carjacked in St. Louis  Really? REALLY??? Someone please setup a fundraiser for this gentleman. He deserves to trust STL again, and I'm sure he could use a nice new wheelchair.  He was paralyzed while walking to church with his mother on Christmas Eve??? This couldn't get any sadder. Poor guy.  This article is written with suspicions. Could not verify the incident, could not verify how he was injured. Like the writer thinks the guy is lying.  cops found the car and he has a replacement wheelchair. I'm not surprised something so shitty happened in that neighborhood, but I'm glad things turned out better than expected. Hopefully the high visibility of the story will lead to arrests. I know terrible things happen every day, but....just....DAMN!  If we get a collection going I'd chip in.  

**OP**:  To get more eyes on this, perhaps it would be a good idea to post this on a more visible subreddit? I really hope that this man gets his vehicle back... finding vehicles modified for a disabled person is difficult. Unfortunately there are really shitty people everywhere. My mother's van with a lift and handicapped plates was stolen right around Christmas the year before last. hope that bad axel breaks on the thevies and make the car flip... Exactly.  How do we help this man out? "trust stl again" I'm all for helping this guy out and my heart goes out to him, but even I have trouble trusting stl. I've been mugged once after work and almost car jacked in north/river view when I was younger and kept making wrong turn after wrong turn and didn't know the area. [deleted] Maybe we could get a pizza place or a bar to jack up their prices for a day and donate the extra cash for a new wheelchair and tickets to a Cards game. [Indiegogo seemed to work well for that bus monitor who was harassed by students](http://www.indiegogo.com/loveforkarenhklein) I kind of meant it to be read more like "having faith in the good people of St. Louis"

Sucks you were mugged. Safe travels, friend. It was a 15 year old Benz that has a blue book value of less than $5000 unmodified. He's hardly well off. Sorry I didn't get the gist of it. I think when I first saw this story it was just my initial reaction cause I would like better for "my" city. Nothing surprises me anymore, what punks and same too you, safe travels. 