They say you see crazy things in Vegas.. I just didn't think it went to this level. Story in comments.  If it's the same guy he's actually pretty nice. I tried to give him a fresh pair of socks and he'd only take one so I saved the other for the next time I saw him.  I don't understand why they still let beggars on the bridges.  I've witnessed them heckling tourists and generally being annoying. Get off his/her back. These homeless people can be incredibly sketchy and untrustworthy. Hence why they jumped a crippled man in a wheelchair. Even if I was alone I would still not have helped because there's no way of knowing what they had on them. I personally think the dude was probably not thinking straight by knocking the guy down and getting involved. 


And about the phone, that picture or documentation could become super critical if anything does happen to these people. I didn't realize using a camera phone was so taboo now. 


At least now he can say he's the hero of our armies of downtrodden leather-skinned homeless people. Good for him. Maybe we should try and entice him to move here through tax breaks.  Walked up on these 3 people arguing. Apparently, the crippled man was in their "spot" asking for money. He kept trying to leave, but the female kept saying that he ran over her foot. So her boyfriend jumps in and pulls the crippled man out of the chair and they start rolling around on the ground hitting each other while she is kicking the crippled man. Thankfully, someone ran up and knocked the idiot out who was attacking said crippled guy. 

I felt so numb watching this. I mean, I get it.. Most of them have their "spots".. But still. What kind of shit bags attack crippled people with one leg. I'm glad this bag of shit got knocked out by someone from the crowd. Justice was served.  Hasn't the city made efforts to curb this and the characters trying to get money for pictures? I remember reading something where they had at least restricted the dress up characters and they are no longer allowed to ask for money directly. squatters in vegas make three times more money than most of us .. "territory" is valuable … just saying, a few years ago i witnessed a "disabled veteran spanger" quit his post when a giant Ford Excursion with a wheelchair ramp thru the tailgate and his personal servant hop out and and escort him into the passenger seat, which had been removed and equipped with the wheelchair mounting restraint system .. coincidence? or maybe sometimes a wolf in sheeps clothing has to pay the price for being a professional liar
  Thank goodness you were there to snap a photo instead of you know, helping a defenseless disabled person from getting assaulted.  What kind of shit bag stands there to take pictures instead of helping or calling the police? 

 Now they just have "donation" buckets or boxes near them, and if you don't donate, they don't pay any attention to you.  I used to own a stereo shop in vegas - a "disabled veteran" with a walker and a cardboard sign would sit on the corner for a bit - then he would go into the GAS STATION ON THE SAME CORNER AND GAMBLE ALL THE DONATIONS AWAY!  Then people ask why I don't give cash to the "homeless"  I will donate to a charity or I will donate clothes - but people don't you realize that you are supporting their habits - weather it's crack, pot or gambling or hookers - when you give them cash??? Holding a child was a bigger priority.  no kidding. good job, hero. The kind of shit bag that is trying to guard a child in the off chance that a gun happens to go off. Just because I physically didn't do anything (although someone did jump in), doesn't mean that I've done nothing either. I have emailed the Sheriff of Las Vegas photos of the incident in the hopes that the male and female are punished. 

But, it's okay. Bash away. I don't care one way or another.  Who takes their child on those walkways at night? [deleted] Not everyone is a hero. Yep, you are so concerned about a gun going off that you decided to stay there and snap photos. That makes zero sense. I see plenty of people with kids out at night on the Strip. The world ain't THAT bad and scary out there. Plenty of people, I'm sure.  People.  People do. Troll much? What's more disgusting, holding the phone while you have a child too or doing nothing and walking by? plenty of people that are DOING IT WRONG. 