Capitol Police Drag Disabled Demonstrators From Capitol Hill During Healthcare Bill Protest  This is disgraceful. For disabled people, removing their wheelchair is the equivalent of removing able bodied people's legs. Additionally, many have health issues that need special attention. And one journalist reported that one man was removed from his wheelchair and dropped on the ground as they were carrying them). Is this a story because they are disabled? Why should I care when these people purposely put themselves into position to bring about this exact outcome? Do the disabled have special rights that should prevent them from getting their asses dragged out as would happen to to the rest of us? they're asking for liberty. 

now as a nationalist I'm for these people getting their dues. But liberty this is not. They're asking the state (taxpayer) to support them. It is the very opposite of liberty. Don't muddy the message. Their signs should read something like:

''Society has a responsibility to care for the infirmed''. 

or

''Only a cruel government let's people who need help struggle alone''

or something. 

this is just a meaningless slogan. I'm less supporting of them than I would've been if they showed up with no signs. [deleted] yeah, pretty much. Any demonstrator would've been taken out. You don't let disabled people get away with something because they are disabled.  You are defining liberty by just one definition but liberty also means that you can act in the way that makes you happy. You can't do that if you don't have Medicaid. Liberty also refers to the right or privilege to do something which Medicaid enables.   Yep exactly my point.  Liberty is different from rights.  Access to healthcare is a positive right.  you can always act in the way that makes you happy. 

but when other peoples tax money is paying for your happiness, it's state care, not liberty. unfortunately I imagine this will get a lot of play within the next day That's where you're absolutely wrong. A right is inherent, a right cannot be granted only limited by those in power. Healthcare is a service.  You can't if you have no health insurance. You then can't afford basics. Ask me all about it. My moms on harvoni and it's a thousand dollars a pill that her doctor gives her "trials" of so she can afford it because her insurance doesn't cover it. People who have undue burden won't have "liberty" or any freedom to do what everyone should be able to do. State care enables liberty so not only the rich can enjoy it It's called civilization. Government has one reason to exist: take care of people. Scandinavian countries consistently rank the highest in quality of life and self-reported happiness (and this despite long and dark winters) because they've taken this to heart and implemented it. The most successful and stable democracies are those that have centralized governments and invest primarily in their population.  You're referring to negative rights.  Negative rights are rights not to be infringed on.  Positive rights are rights granted.  Most of the rights in the Bill of Rights are negative rights, i.e. "Congress shall make no law. . . ." or "the right . . . shall not be infringed."  Positive rights are things like right to education, healthcare, etc.

https://www.libertarianism.org/media/around-web/positive-rights-vs-negative-rights Swede here. Can confirm it works. you didn't read the other posts did ya?
 http://libertarianstandard.com/articles/gabriel-e-vidal/healthcare-is-not-a-human-right/ We're not in disagreement.  I'm simply clarifying what a "positive right" means.  The article you are sharing is whether it *should* be a right.

I was expressing an argument over semantics, not policy.
 Initially all that came across the mobile app was the link to the article, my natural response of course is to counter libertarianism with libertarianism.  That's fair.  I actually only shared it because it was a good explanation for the positive/negative right dichotomy.  Didn't mean to express an opinion either way on libertarianism viewpoints.

I also didn't mean to make it sound like I'm taking a position either way on whether we are all entitled to access to healthcare as a positive right.  It just seemed like the way that discussion was going, I wanted to clarify the framework for thinking about it.  Someone else said "liberty also means that you can act in the way that makes you happy. You can't do that if you don't have Medicaid."  This seemed like they were conflating more than one right. 