Per tip by @MartinDiCaro, a man in a wheelchair was killed when he fell backwards down an escalator at the Columbia Heights station this afternoon. Awful. #wmata @nbcwashington  In related news, this afternoon I walked past a "gang stalking victim," and a man sitting on the northeast side of that intersection in a pool of his own shit.

A guy who decides to ride up the escalator in a wheelchair is not well. Someone needs to fix the homelessness and mental health disaster in that area. very very sad. :(  I've seen folks in manual chairs use the escalators, but they've also been young people with major upper body strength.

https://wtop.com/dc/2018/10/man-fatally-injured-after-falling-off-electric-wheelchair-at-metro-station/
 A disaster is a good word for it, and the Wawa coming in is going to only exacerbate the problem. Unfortunately, MPD has all but given up on trying to tame the problem; we've had two instances in the last month of homeless / mentally ill people assaulting customers in/outside our store, and MPD has simply shrugged their shoulders and said they aren't equipped to deal with mental illness. 

I wouldn't ascribe mental illness to taking the escalator in a wheelchair; that's simply dangerous and unwise, and in this case, a fatal mistake.  I know the Metro elevators are quite slow, but it honestly never would have occurred to me that a wheelchair user would attempt to use an escalator. I know sometimes you see people carrying bicycles (which you aren’t supposed to do) but at least your feet are on the ground. 

I wonder if there is some human factors work that could be done here. Sometimes when I press the elevator call button it can be hard to tell that anything is happening, a little light comes on inside the button but it can be hard to see if the button is dirty or there is glare. Maybe an audible acknowledgement of the call, or a display that indicates the elevator’s status? Many elevators have such features.  Sorry what is the Wawa connection? > it honestly never would have occurred to me that a wheelchair user would attempt to use an escalator

Check out Zachary Schrag's book. There's a story in there about how Jackson Graham didn't want to install any escalators in the Metro system and to prove that wheelchair users could ride escalators they went out to Dulles and he rode up and down a bunch of escalators in a wheelchair to prove it. 

Obviously it didn't play out the way he wanted.  This man waited only 10-15 seconds for the elevator.  Maybe after five minutes I could understand his urge, but after only a few seconds?   Same here.  When my kids were little I often took the stroller on the escalator (don't worry r/dc, it was a small umbrella stroller that easily allowed people to pass on the left) but a wheelchair seems much more dangerous.  So very sad. Attracts Philadelphians to the neighborhood, many of whom are unstable. I believe it will be a 24-hour store, so it'll be a magnet for panhandlers.  do you mean he didn't want elevators? or legit didn't want escalators with the exception of people needing to bring wheelchairs, I wish we didn't have elevators. Too many moms bringing the whole damn minivan onto the platform. Human factors engineering isn’t as much about supporting sensible people as it is about containing and guiding idiots. The “do not eat” label on your chainsaw isn’t there because that’s an easy mistake to make.  People routinely underestimate risk and their own vulnerability. In this case, it's tragic Side note, but I once tried to do this and the elevator guy (who was there *fixing the broken elevator*) physically prevented me from doing so.  Like, I tried to go and he kept standing in my way like he was playing point for the Lakers.  His solution, since the elevator was obviously broken, was for me to take the stairs.  No, of course he wasn't going to help, but at the point my only option was to disassemble the stroller and carry the stroller, carseat, diaper bag, and shopping bag together up two flights of stairs with no assistance.  I'm still pissed off about it. Put up a gritty to warn people.  So basically like any other Wawa? Oops. Wanted no elevators. Wanted exclusively escalators.  [I'm sure John Oliver would gladly donate some funds to that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1crmn8kwMw) 