Shot 3 times, used as a bait dog, bred too many times, and has been hit by a car. Just got her wheelchair and now she needs a home! Waldorf, MD. (xpost)  This poor, poor dog.  I wish that I could take her.  I hope she finds a happy, loving family that'll love her and take great care of her. Picture #6 could be used in one of those Sarah McLachlan commercials.  It's like a swift punch to the feelings. Sorry if this is dumb question, but can she handle stairs? (our place through december is three story and the main living are is on the 2nd)  Does she have any special needs besides the chair (i.e. bathroom needs, special treatments)?  Will she be okay with another small dog (friendly puggle) and a cat?  Could  she handle a trip across country in a car (weeklong trip with a couple of stop overs) around January 1st?

We might be able to take her depending, just let me know. Fucking hell, she's a trooper. Whoever did that to her should be shot three times, hit by a car and used as bait in a maximum security prison. 

My rescue was physically and psychologically abused to some extent. they're a bit of work but they are absolutely worth every ounce of effort as he's paid it back more than any other dog I know.

If I didn't already have 2 myself, I'd take her in a heartbeat. All I can do is donate.
 I really hate some people. Punishment for this kind of abuse need to be made much stiffer. Why do we tolerate this kind of behavior towards animals? Poor, sweet thing. I hope she finds a loving home soon. If she still needs a home in 8 months, my (then) wife would probably easily convince me into adopting her. We won't be out there until then though. Aww!  So sad.  Please someone take her. She has the most soulful eyes I've seen on a dog. I sincerely hope she finds a safe, happy home soon. Bless you for devoting your time and energy to her. unfortunately things like this happen all too often in waldorf. what a sweet girl. i hope she finds a happy home. i hate these kinds of stories....  Update: Thank you to all and especially those that donated or passed her photos on to others, we have some recent photos of her including her recent visit to Santa, [http://imgur.com/a/pxKOK](http://imgur.com/a/pxKOK). [deleted] I wish that I could take her! Unfortunately I may have to find my pal a new home due to unforeseen circumstances with my home.  I hope you can find a good home for her :)

Really sad to see what monsters some people can be. 
The worst part is this is not the worst story I've heard about dog abusers. She has no use of her back legs right now. She is going to see a neurologist soon who will do an assessment on if there is any chance. 

I don't think it's impossible though. If you and your wife are willing to carry her up/down the stairs? She's gentle and is great about being handled/carried. We've been using a towel to lift up her backside/legs without her wheelchair. She has abrasions on her back legs from dragging herself around so she can move without help. Maybe she needs to wear pants! I posted Shelley on behalf of a fellow volunteer who has had Shelley in her home a couple times. She seemed ok around her great dame, but seemed very interested in her cats and little dogs. I'm not sure about special bathroom needs at this time and will find out for you. She came in having recently had puppies and had milk fever in addition to her other wounds. She was in bad shape when we got to her and has been healing up ever since. She is seeing a trainer today to do an assessment on her physical/behavioral needs so I hope to have more news for you soon. I will PM you to give you my email to stay in touch. Thank you for your interest!!! She probably can't do stairs on her own if she needs a wheelchair (notice the scrapes on her knees). I don't know the dog, but I love your enthusiasm and hope you can make it work. Cheers and good luck Your comment made me look up Maryland's animal cruelty law. I was shocked to read [this](http://www.animallaw.info/statutes/stusmd10_601_622.htm):
>The cruelty law makes it a crime to... inflict unnecessary suffering or pain on the animal; or unnecessarily fail to provide the animal with nutritious food in sufficient quantity, necessary veterinary care, proper drink, air, space, shelter, or protection from the weather.  Such action constitutes a 90 day/$1,000 misdemeanor.
If it is "aggravated cruelty":
>A person who violates this section is guilty of the felony of aggravated cruelty to animals and on conviction is subject to imprisonment not exceeding 3 years or a fine not exceeding $5,000 or both.

In my opinion, the punishment should definitely be worse. 

Animal abusers always makes me think of this:
>FBI has found that a history of cruelty to animals is one of the traits that regularly appears in its computer records of serial rapists and murderers, and the standard diagnostic and treatment manual for psychiatric and emotional disorders lists cruelty to animals a diagnostic criterion for conduct disorders.

Quote is from [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cruelty_to_animals) (because I'm lazy). Read the article long ago. I know correlation doesn't imply causation, but the connection always upset me.  I'm sure you had your pets' best interest in mind. I can't and wouldn't judge against your decision, so long as there was no sign of abuse, since I don't know your situation. Shelley's fate turned out to be finding her way to our group. We can't help/save all pets, but some we can and we do by way of volunteers and donations. to your edit: I understand your sentiment and agree to some degree... Those millions of healthy animals getting euthanized every year are because there aren't enough homes for them to go to and not because money that could've been spent on them was spent to save a non-walking dog. Thanks to the recent increase in awareness of spay/neuter campaigns and a more educated population, we've seen great improvements in reducing those numbers. Also, thanks Bob Barker! However, we still have a problem of millions of healthy homeless animals getting euthanized and most likely this problem will never go away entirely. Why can't we do both? The Jackson Galaxy from My Cat from Hell wrote a book and discussed this problem very well with lots of curse words thrown in for added sensationalism. There are all sorts of groups all over the country trying different methods. The system isn't perfect and improvements have been made, but a solution hasn't been found. Also, I don't think Sandy is suffering anymore. She seems to be pretty happy in her wheelchair. To me, dogs like Sandy are more about increasing awareness and educating the public on animal abuse. Plus, she's one cute dog. >She has abrasions on her back legs from dragging herself around so she can move without help. Maybe she needs to wear pants! 

Fuck.  Yeah I doubt it as well, but me and my wife saw her and fell in love.  We don't have a lot of extra money right now, but if it's possible we'd love to give her a family.  I mean we could always carry her up the stairs if she's comfortable with that. Ugh, so sad. And you're right about the connection between animal cruelty and abuse. It's a pretty well-accepted indicator for crimes against humans. 

So sad that more isn't done to punish these people. I mean, look at Michael Vick - he's right back to earning millions.  We send millions and millions of animals through ghettos, concentration camps, and off to the death camps where their lives of life ling misery is ended with a blade that decapitates them or a bullet to the brain while they're conscious before they get chopped up into that one dollar burger or chicken you're gonna shove down your fuller later today. 

No, I'm not vegan or vegetarian. Just saying.

What is it that keeps people from seeing what's right in front of the??? You guys sound awesome :)  