So a guy on 16th St asked me to push his wheelchair.. I occasionally see people posting here about moral questions/situations and they weren't sure if they handled them correctly. I had one of those situations today.

I was walking south down 16th St NW near Park Rd when a man in a wheelchair stopped me and politely asked if I could roll him to the next bus stop. I thought it was odd so I paused a moment to consider my response, and he explained that he normally uses an electric wheelchair but someone vandalized it. So I agreed and rolled him back northbound (the opposite direction I was heading) to the stop at Oak St. When I stopped, he seemed perplexed that I was leaving him there. So I said, "you just needed to get to the nearest bus stop, right?". He sort of shrugged and said yeah this is good enough. 

After I walked away, I couldn't figure out why he seemed bothered. The only thing I could think of was maybe he wanted to get to a bus shelter to get out out of the sun rather than just a regular stop. Then again, the S-buses run pretty frequently on 16th... I talked to my girlfriend later in the afternoon about it and she said I since I wasn't going anywhere important, I should have offered to take him further. 

What would you have done? I'd like to think I would have pushed him to a bus stop like you did - good on you.

However, beyond that, I 'm not sure. He didn't specify a stop or bus line he wanted at first. And he didn't say a specific stop/why that stop wouldn't work for him when you got to the nearest stop.

I will say using a wheelchair in this city can be a pain in the ass - no curb cuts in some places, construction almost never considers wheelchairs when they direct people around it, the sidewalk heaving all over the place, the elevators not working at certain metro stop some days, etc. - so I can understand why he might be bothered because going anywhere else could be a pain. 

Thanks for sharing because now if I run into a similar thing I'll make sure I get clarification on exactly where someone wants to go. I've actually run into a similar situation around there.  I did the same thing, not sure what else one would do. Oh god that's such an awkward encounter.  Reddit-me says I'd help the guy out, real life me would probably be super uncomfortable and walk by without responding.    edit:  I'm not a bad person I swear but that's just such a scenario I would not want to be a part of. I think you did right in the situation. When he acted like he wanted you to keep going, I'd have started wondering WHY he was suddenly shifting the goalposts on where he wanted to go, like if he was trying to lure me someplace for instance.  He could have communicated more. I had a guy ask me once to help him on a step because the place did not have a ramp. After that he said "thanks I got it from here".  