Handicap accessible fine dining restaurants As the holidays approach I'm looking for fine dining restaurants that are actually handicap accessible as not all restaurants that say they're accessible really are. So, any recommendations would be greatly appreciated.  Check this out.  
http://wheelchairjimmy.com/washingtondc/quick-restaurant-guide/ I looked at Yelp just now.  If you search on wheelchair accessible restaurants, you get a long list of places but nothing that tells me why they were on the list.  I was hoping Yelp would be one place where you could find testimony by wheelchair users who had been there.  Good luck.  Tom Sistema for the Washington Post does a weekly chat and might have recommendations or can give you an opinion on any restaurants that look interesting from the Wheel Chair Jimmy sight. Chats are Wednesdays at 11:00 AM but I think he takes question early. What are the common thngs that make a restaurant not so handicap accessible? Art & Soul Thank you! This is exactly what I need.  this is awesome! Thanks for the idea!  Stairs... stairs to get in. Stairs to go to the restroom. Narrow space between tables that won’t accomodate a wheelchair.  Looks nice. Thanks!  This ^ even little steps or bumps can be an issue. And frequently restrooms that are marketed as accessible aren't really big enough for a wheelchair. Im surprised that exists anymore Isnt it a law?  Pretty sure the law says reasonable accommodation. So while building a ramp is reasonable, demolishing a wall and making major changes is not reasonable. So I can see why older buildings aren’t up to current regulations. A place to avoid for even the able bodied is Crisfields in Silver Spring.  There's a step about 12 inches high to the front door, with little horizontal landing space before the door.  While going in  is tricky, coming back out is a nightmare if you're not paying attention and suddenly have that 12 inch drop. I don't think it applies to older buildings. Or, for example, at Kramerbooks you have to go up at least one flight of stairs to get to the restroom unless there's another one I'm not aware of on the ground floor. It's just that there's a difference between theoretically accessible and actually accessible that I've discovered now that my mom is disabled.  like anything, there is the law and then exceptions.

Buildings that pre-date the Rehab act and haven't undergone major renovation,
Buildings where the compliance would be undue hardship,
seem to ring a bell as exceptions. That sounds like a lawsuit waiting to happen. There is another bathroom on the ground floor at kramerbooks. It's not marked or well known, but I've seen the staff direct mobility impaired people to that bathroom. 