Metro Turns 36, But Everyone's Late for Birthday Party Because of Broken Escalators and Off-Loaded Trains  Today at Chinatown/Gallery Place I was behind a man on an escalator who had to get up out of his wheelchair and walk down the escalator because the elevator was broken and the Metro station managers had nothing to say to him when he asked why it wasn't working. His wife was there and had to hold the wheelchair in front of her while he held on to the moving handrail. Luckily some other passengers helped him hold himself up and help him off the escalator. He had some kind of disorder with his legs, but he could kind of hold himself up. It's sad that the metro just doesn't care about its riders.  We're stuck in the tunnels behind a train stuck on the platform because of a sick passenger.   The fucking retards closed Dupont Circle today because 2 of 3 escalators weren't working (and the South entrance is closed for 9 months to fix the other escalators, LOL).  What a clusterfuck.   nothing you can do about that, that's not really metro's fault Yeah, I truly feel bad for anyone who relies on the Red Line. I made a point of living somewhere where I almost never have to subject myself to it. Well, it *is* extremely poorly thought out that Metro has no way of bypassing problem stations. [deleted] You are aware that even in NYC's subway which has multiple tracks trains still would need to wait for something like this.  The center tracks are for express trains and a non-express train doesn't always easily transition onto on express track.  

Besides, Metro's design really isn't conducive to skipping stations except in the few stations in the core of downtown.  Skip Twinbrook to go to Rockville?  Skip Dupont to go to Farragut?  Not really a working solution.  

BTW  "sick passenger" is code for heart attack. Why was it not just built with bypass rails in the first place? This is a system that was built from scratch only 40 years ago. It's not like it's an old system like New York or London where you're stuck with what was made over a hundred years ago, and where the planners can be excused for poor design decisions like this since they had no examples to look at. Even if Metro had "bypass rails" DC's layout really isn't conducive for skipping stations.  In other words imagine skipping Dupont unexpectedly coming from the North.  You'd end up at Farragut North.  If you were hoping to walk somewhere north of Dupont that would be a pretty long haul. So the solution would be more stations and more rails.  But Metro Stations are too massive to put anywhere between those 2 stations.   