Is there a new generic manufacturer for Adderall.  Is there a new manufacturer of generic Adderall? My 20mg XR changed from an orange/peach capsule with matching granules to a blue capsule with white granules inside. Still XR still 20mg. Label on the side says its a blue capsule for 20mg as well. 

Edit: Here is the pills with logo http://imgur.com/uzZecpb. It's the **Activas 20mg ER** I've since looked up a bit of info about it and see that many people have side effects of nausea and headaches, they also say they aren't as effective anyone else here have any experience? There are several generic manufacturers already.  A pill change does not imply a new one necessarily. I've been getting my 20mg Adderall XR generics from the pharmacy at target since I started. I started out with blue capsules/white pellets from actavis and last month it changed to yellowish-orange capsules from t"eva pharm". 

I haven't noticed any real difference besides feeling gypped out of my favorite color (blue).  [deleted] Gotcha. Is this blue one the same? I think the blue one is made by Actavis. No idea who made the orange one.  Haha thanks. I'm hoping that is how it will be for me just most of my reading has said these blue ones aren't as effective. Time will tell thank you. Odd, I get mine filled at Target too, and my switch was in the opposite direction. It might just be me, but I feel like the orange ones last longer-- with the blues, I've started having to take a 5mg IR in the afternoons on that I never did before. Forgive me for not understanding but why does it have the vyvanse colors on there too. It's nice to know what is in the pill though. I imagine there are more than one blue ones out there.  There should be a code stamped on them too to identify. I have the blue ones, but it isnt generic.  I hesitate to comment on the difference because I changed a lot of stuff between the blues and the oranges. I didn't take anything over winter break, and when I resumed I started on the orange capsules. Amount of sleep and exercise changed. 

Besides, my side effects are seemingly random. Some days I get horrible dry mouth, others I get jittery and anxious, and others I'm perfectly fine.  I wouldn't know, I used to take blues at 11am but now I take oranges at 7am. It's fun crashing in the afternoon when I need to do stuff instead of the evening when I'm winding down.  http://imgur.com/uzZecpb  it is this one specifically. What dose though because aren't the 10mg blue? And my insurance only does generics so I know these ones are.  Fair enough, thank you. Yeah my bad, they're the 10 mg's. sorry for the confusion! No worries just trying to figure things out here. 