How do you study as an ADHD student? As a kid i was finding it hard to focus on lectures and hard to focus on books.. like too much efforts. ADHD affected students, please share your Study Hacks. Whiteboards are great.  

DON'T BRING Laptops and smartphones to class with you. Just notebook, pencils, and a voice recorder.

I studied in the library, way back in the stacks where no one could find me. It was distraction free and I'd set a timer to go back to work.

I got up at 5:30 am and would do Tuesday's work before Monday's classes, etc. etc. Then, I'd schedule in an afternoon nap. And then home, dinner, work, social time and sleep.  I arranged it so I always got at least 8-10 hours a day, even if some of them were during the nap.

If you need to memorize stuff, chant it in the shower and while you brush teeth and do your morning routine.

ALWAYS START EARLY. Lie to yourself by giving yourself fake milestones and due dates. 

In class, ask questions and interact with the professor and other students, even if it's only in your notebook.

Try to get into the smaller classes.  I had a much easier time in small seminars than giant lectures, even when the material in the giant lecture was easier.

If you haven't picked a college yet, pick one that leans towards small class sizes (most of mine ranged between 3 and 30 people)---  ADHD people need the accountability and interaction seminars provide! I color code and write everything by hand.  I feel that it helps me connect with the material.  Typing is ok but it moves too quickly for me to fully process the information.  When I read I like to take notes either in the margins or on another sheet of paper.  I also do the color coding here as well.  While I learn the material, I am looking for ways to improve upon these habits because they can be really time consuming.  I used to try to go to the quietest place possible, but then the the slightest noise would get to me. For example, someone would come in and sigh a lot, drink a soda, smack their lips, etc. So now, I record the lectures and have them as background noise while studying if I need it.  
  
I usually start studying with a warm up. I try to keep it related to the subject, but sometimes I just need to get my brain in learning mode, so I'll do something like math problems. To me, long division is perfect because it's easy enough not to frustrate me, but there are enough steps that I can't just skip though it. I also do vocab exercises like flash cards or I'll skim through the reading and underline new words. After that, I can sometimes focus enough to read or do whatever it is I'm supposed to be doing. If I need a break while reading, I might go back to my warmup activity or I'll answer questions at the end of the chapter. To keep myself busy during the reading, I'll either read aloud, make up my own questions to quiz myself on it later, or I'll explain/summarize what I just read to someone (usually my dog is that someone). It sounds like it would take a long time to do all of this, but it's no worse than rereading sections because you weren't paying attention.  Honestly I have a horribly hard time paying attention in classes. I'm normally on reddit and just look up at the board figure out whats going on and go back to reddit. Is this the ideal method no....but I learn from examples and when the examples are directly from the book its perfectly fine. In classes the examples aren't directly from the book, I use my tablet to take notes and color code stuff in whatever order I feel. I don't stick to a system when taking notes cause I get sidetracked from anything other than writing it down in teh order the teacher does........  Get in a room with some people you like from class and either teach the concepts to them, or work through them together on a whiteboard. Saved my 4th semester of college. I study in stops and starts. Fits and spurts with many many breaks in between.  It is hard.

I have to allow alot of time to complete stuff, and even then I waste about 85% or more of that time.

Something that helps me when writing papers of any length is to use sticky notes. I write down general ideas on each little note, a couple words at most. Then I lay them out on a big table into sort of a tree that acts as a working outline. From there I can move stuff around and use it to frame my thoughts on the paper. The main advantage of this for me is that I can see everything at once. I have a hard time holding multiple ideas in my head for any length of time, so having a flexible outline that I can see and touch and feel is a huge help to me.

Also, if you have to do any sort of research paper, start days ahead of time and just let you ADHD run wild. Just consume anything and everything in your path. This will help your brain make connections around your subject matter, ans when it comes time to focus on the writing, you'll have a strong base of well-formed ideas to pull from.

Still, it's a huge pain in the ass and I generally hate every homework assignment i have to do. Why I am in grad school is a mystery. Anyway, my point is that it's never easy, you just have to find your own unique way that works for you. Hope that helps. No matter how obvious it is that the 4th floor of my library is a silent study area, we'd always get annoying groups of students hanging around, chatting and playing awful slow jams off their phone speaker.

If sound distracts you, and you're struggling to find a quiet area, bring headphones and search 'white noise' into google. Or download a white noise mp3 to your iPod and stick it on loop. I liked to layer in the sound of a crackling open fire and thunderstorms depending on my mood! Fartlekly Great stuff thanks 