Tips on Studying? So I searched but couldnt find the question I was looking for which is... can you guess??? What are your tips on studying? How do you study? What helps you Study? Tell me because I think I might end up getting a masters and this would really help me out. Thanks. Everything in the comments are spot on. If you feel you're getting into hyperfocus, push on, it's then when we're at our best and we can show people what we're really made of. Otherwise, just work in quick bursts. Use music or white noise, whichever helps the most, but make sure if you're playing music you aren't gonna begin flicking through songs, that destroys any amount of focus I'm ever able to conjure up. White noise doesn't work great for me, but try it out, and if that does, then even better.

Short bursts are the key though, especially if you're not enjoying what you're doing. Gluing yourself to a desk for an evening is just gonna hemorrhage something, you're far better off establishing for how long you can work before you start to get that gut feeling that you're slowing down. Then run away from that desk. Make a sandwich, kiss a girl (or a boy, whichever you prefer), assault a policeman, just get away from screens and work for ten minutes, don't assault a policeman, then get back to it. You'll feel refreshed and working'll be far easier.

If you find you get distracted by the internet as well and you have a long project looming- use [this app](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stayfocusd/laankejkbhbdhmipfmgcngdelahlfoji) (link to chrome web store). It blocks websites etc. and I find it great to use when exams/projects/coursework(s?) are looming :) Time! Set a timer for 45mins/1hour. Take a short break in between. But set it so you cant look at the time. Never, ever plan to cram. Cramming is a waste of time. Instead, get in the habit of small chunks every day. That will help you retain information AND make studying less overwhelming.

Quiz yourself. Quizzes and tests help recall. So do flashcards for 10 minutes at a time.

SLEEEEEEEEEEEP.  Sleep deprivation hurts recall. To do well in school, never stay up late.

Use the library. If possible, rent a cube/locker so you can keep all your stuff in one place, and have a distraction free place to work.

Turn off the computer, the phone, all electronics (except maybe an ereader). Print out stuff that you need. The internet is too distracting, it's best to stay away from it when your don't absolutely need it.

When you write papers, turn off firefox and remind yourself not to open it. That little bit of extra work can keep you from falling into the distracto-pit.
 I study in bursts with postrock playing to distract me from other distractions. I got a 3.0 grade average last semester, so it works for me I played white noise recently during an all nighter. It helpt me get focused. Also take a break of 10 minutes after 45 minutes. If I'm seriously studying I play music loudly so I can't hear any other distractions and go at it....If I'm only kinda studying well....yeah that doesn't work out so well :P I normally get distracted by this awful thing called the internet. If there's a test on chapters 1 - 4, and I have a week for prep, I dedicate chapter 1 for two days, chapter 2 for two days, chapter 3 for a day, chapter 4 for another, then before the test, review all at once. Helps with memory and I ended up doing well. Edit:  Also, determine whether you're a visual learner, an auditory learner, or a kinesthetic learner.  If you're an auditory learner you might also want to make recordings of you reading your notes aloud and then replaying them in the car on commutes.

1.) Take copious notes whether you're in lectures or reading at home.  The act of writing down the information will help to imbed it into your brain.

2.)  Go over your notes and re-copy them to a comprehensible format.  Use colored ink, attempt to use handwriting better than our usual chicken-scratch scrawlings.  If it's applicable, make flash cards.  *(If you're artistically-minded the color coding and nice writing is crucial -- it taps the information into your artistic side as well.)*

3.)  At this point it's just down to reviewing as frequently as you need.  For me, most of my studying was flipping back through, recognizing my color patterns and such, and going, "Oh yeah!".

We're all different, but after making sloppy notes and then neat notes I really didn't have to study much beyond quick review sessions. Do it in the library or at uni instead of at home. 
Works for me.

Also I would make lists of terms and just go over them a couple of times a day. Going over them would take 5 mins or so (depending on size of test of course). 4 days was usually enough to take it in. 

I think that was the way to go for me. Either go to the library, or make bits that don't take too long and I would just go over them multiple times a day. Even when I felt like I couldnt focus I would go over them and I think it helped.


Writing reports, on the other hand, is hell if you ask me. Best way I found (before I was even diagnosed... medication helped it even more) was to find a quiet corner in a library with a big table. Spread out whatever you need on the table and preferably be looking towards the walls (in my place, it was a corner with a couple windows out but it was below ground level so not much to see). 

Listen to music that helps you. For me, it was always classical symphonies, but I've found that pretty much anything without lyrics helps.

Set targets. "I'm getting through x chapter/topic/etc".

If you feel like you're burning out, walk around the library for a bit. Pick a random book off the shelf and read a few pages to clear your head. Then head back to studying. This break shouldn't be longer than 15 minutes.

Don't go more than 4 hours without eating. And preferably keep it to 3. So... study for 1.5 hours, walk around and have a granola bar or fruit, study for 1.5, go eat a decent meal, study for 1.5 etc etc.

When you're feeling burned out, take a break. If you started studying at 8, and went to noon, when you take lunch, go for a while. Go for a run, watch a TV show you like, whatever. Something to clear your head for a couple hours.

GET BACK TO STUDYING AFTER THE BREAK. This was my biggest downfall.

So hopefully those help. For context, I was only diagnosed before my last school term of an electrical engineering degree, and this methodology got me from no more than 1-2 hours of studying a day to multiple 4 hour sessions. 

It. Can. Be. Done. Where did you get your white noise?

I got mine from Sainsbury's
 