Getting a tattoo on Ritalin Here's the thing: I'm getting a tattoo in a few days. It's not my first one, but it's the first one since I started taking Ritalin. 

This will probably sound like a really paranoid question, but I just stumbled upon a "How to take care of a tattoo" guide on the tattoo parlor's website and they recommend staying away from any medication that could affect one's blood pressure for 72 hours. This seems totally reasonable, but I never though of it. 

So... Ritalin affects blood pressure, doesn't it? I'm assuming it's gonna be fine, but I tried researching it and I didn't really find anything. Then I tried to see what people think about drinking coffee before you get a tattoo and I did find a bunch of posts and articles, however all of them sounded like people were just giving their random opinions with no actual science/logic behind them.

I'd email my tattoo artist, because that's what reasonable people do, but literally no one knows about adult ADHD (in general, but also specifically in my country) and I don't really want to have that conversation with her.

So... can someone save me from Yahoo Answers/Buzzfeed and tell me whether I'm going to die?

TLDR Will my blood vessels explode and spurt blood all over the tattoo parlor if I take my meds normally beforehand? Also curious about bleeding to death in my sleep. I overthought my reply and confused myself. 

But basically pain induces both of the same chemicals that Ritalin increases. You won't bleed all over the place, no, but the Ritalin coupled with the pain response can cause your blood pressure to shoot or suddenly drop.. Plus, your heart will be pumping extra hard and extra fast. It's more about making sure your brain n heart don't lose out on oxygen, causing you to faint or your heart not work/get damaged. 

So yes, avoid the meds. But I think 72 hrs is a bit much. If you're taking the standard short-acting Ritalin and not the extended release formula, 6 hrs after your last dose is a safe time to wait. Blood pressure range is marginal. High blood pressure won't "spurt blood" more than normal blood pressure. Humans aren't party balloons lol.

Any business doing invasive treatments is wise to advise clients against messing with their haemodynamics, but it's unlikely to be a problem IMO.

Alcohol is nasty because it prevents clotting. You don't want a minor bleed in the tatt becoming an issue because you got tanked and it didn't coagulate.

Low blood pressure would be a bigger worry: no tattooist wants a client passed out on the table. I have both my arms tattooed in sleeves. Each time I was on pretty high doses of Focalin IR. Each morning I drank coffee, too. Some sessions were 6-7 hours. Just listen to your artist in regards to after care and make sure you eat something prior, during, and after. You'll be fine! 

edit: I should say that if you want to avoid meds to be safe then do that. Just my experience, though. I wouldn't be able to get to the appt on time / get out of bed and moving without my meds, so thats why I took mine.  It's mostly just boilerplate to cover their asses. Unless Ritalin gives you crazy hypertension (in which case you should stop taking Ritalin forever not just for your tattoo) it won't be an issue.  No worries, I do the same thing.

On their website they mentioned that as an aftercare thing, specifically in the first 72 hours after you get your tattoo. "Restrain from alcohol and other drugs and medication that could raise your blood pressure - this could cause heavy bleeding and in some extreme cases the ink could move underneath the skin or even be rejected."

This made me wonder about aftercare, but also the tattoo appointment itself. I didn't really think of the pain/adrenaline thing, though, so thank you for pointing that out! Don't worry, the spurting blood thing was definitely a joke.

I figured I'd ask, because the internet was very all-over-the-place about drinking coffee beforehand and I hate not knowing whether what I'm reading is badly researched bullshit or actual facts.

("Haemodynamics" is a great word!) The appointment is in the late afternoon and I take Ritalin IR, which lasts for like 3-4 hours, so I'll try to just skip the doses after a certain point in the day. The morning should still be relatively smooth!

I am definitely expecting to be fine and it's not even going to be a long session - we're just adding color to an already existing piece, which isn't even that big - shouldn't take more than 2-3 hours. Still, I thought I'd check in with the internet.

Thank you for your personal insight! :-)

(I have a general plan to build up on my arm pieces to have them count as sleeves one day too!) Cool, that was my guess, but it felt like something worth researching. Hopefully the next tattoo enthusiast with ADHD that decides to look into this will stumble upon this thread. Hmm I didnt think of that! Ritalin causes peripheral vessels to contract, so when the drug is out of your system and they relax I suppose they could cause a bit of bleeding theoretically.... But I've never heard of Ritalin interfering with wound healing like that, and I am in healthcare. I really don't think that's something to worry about.  The risk with any stimulant is that you'll get hyped during the procedure and get an ugly line across the tattoo of a cyborg wolf shouting your girlfriend's name into a barbed wire speech bubble. 

>>("Haemodynamics" is a great word!)

Latin-y medicalese for "how blood moves around". Great at parties. Yeah, thats a good plan. Do you have color on the piece yet? The outline, in my opinion, was always the most painful part of any tattoo, and color was a lot easier afterwards.  Yeah, I'm not particularly worried, but since I couldn't find any information about this and I'm not going to bring it up with the tattoo artist, I hoped that some stranger on the internet would reassure me that I'm not being super dumb and irresponsible.

Thank you :-)

(Asking my doctor would probably be a more responsible way of handling things, but I only thought of this today and I won't really be able to get in touch with him. Ask your doctors about things, kids!) This sounds pretty much like what my mom envisions when I mention tattoos. Nope, it's just the outline so far. It's on my shoulder/upper arm and it barely touches that weird thin-skinned inner arm area, so I'm expecting only like 10-15 minutes of actual noticeable pain. 