It's a color-based clock!  I can't see what this has to do with ADHD. It doesn't stop you having the ability to read a clock. I wish Apple would get on the ball with live wallpaper. I would use the shit out of this. I guess it might be more useful for people with dyscalculia, but there are a lot of us here, right?

It might not help those of us who aren't very sensitive to subtle differences in colors (you can take a color test challenge [here](http://www.xrite.com/online-color-test-challenge)) but it would still give you a rough sense of the time in a way that a clock might not. I wish there was a wall version... Gah, it's also a flash based clock! "This plugin is not supported"

I guess they didn't think about mobile users... People with ADHD often have a decreased ability to sense time passing. I feel like, if there were a color wall clock, many of us would be far more likely to notice a change in color (which can be seen and understood without looking directly at it) than a change in numbers. I have to look at a clock and actively try to read it to know the exact time, but I don't need to know the exact time to know that I've been at a task for too long. I'm an Android tech and dev if you ever want to make the switch to android. Widgets are amazing for me and very helpful with my ADHD.

Let me know if you have any questions about some of the pre conceived notions about Android OS.  Hmmm, I think I understand what you mean now, yeah. =] I can see how it could be helpful for some. I've considered it so many times! I was actually about to purchase an android phone this year, but then Apple released ios 7 and fixed most of the things I hated about the interface be making it more Android-y.

Honestly, I wish I could just run Android on my iPhone. I couldn't part with the phone itself. Too beautiful. I just got the HTC M8 and am wondering how to set it up to help my adhd. If you could point me in a good direction Id be forever grateful.  I for one am not a fan of iPhone design. Did like the 5C though. The Nexus 5 looks gorgeous but I'm biased since I own one :)

Anyway. Widgets are great and 4.4 is super smooth. I don't recommend getting any phone that runs a custom skin since it forks and ruins android in my opinion. Stay away from LG and Samsung for now. Sony and HTC both use skins but they are lightweight and don't interfere with performance as much. 

My phone is LG but it's a google phone so it runs stock android. 

I recommend stock android overall though. 

Also most Android phones you can flash custom roms for a better experience. Hmm. I've never seen anything like a guide. I guess I could try to make one. HTC M8 is a really cool phone btw :) 