I feel like I can't retain information. When I read, I take a lot of notes and make outlines of each chapter but it feels like not enough sticks... Anyone else have the same problem? Any tips on how to address it? I know for me a part of it is my perfectionist tendencies creating an unrealistic expectation, but it deters me from getting started. I enjoy reading a lot, once I get started, but because of this issue I sometimes feel like I am just reading for pleasure in the moment and not actually expanding my knowledge, if that makes sense.  What works for me is not trying to do anything to retain but letting the information go into your brain. If you take notes\outlines you are forcing your brain to do something different then retain the info. For school I read everything twice, took no notes and the information usually stuck. YMMV Yup, one ear, outta the other. :)

Reading for pleasure is good in itself - we all need some relaxation. We can't be learning intensively all the time.  Remember, schooling is about regurgitating a ton of bs you probably won't ever use.

Repetition always has helped me. Writing down the word over and over again but each time I write the word I recite the definition out loud. Works like a charm every time I take really diorganized notes at thebget go just to make sure I get all the important information. Then later I go back and rewrite it into a clear outline. It makes me relearn things, especially vocabulary! Get the stuff you're trying to remember into a spaced repetition system like Anki or Mnenmosyne, perhaps? Many people rave about it. 

I saw a post on this subreddit where someome mentioned they actually wrote their notes directly into Anki! And probably directly in a quiz format (definition question, cloze deletion, etc.). No text file, notebook or scribbling in book margins. This could be great for ADHD - fewer steps in a process means fewer chances to get distracted and thrown off course.

The actual quizzing sounds quite fun, almost like a game. I've been planning to do this for a long time now, but the initial transition of getting started and making it a habit trips me up. Yep, this had been a huge limiting factor in my career/confidence. At some point I have done/figured out so many things. Damned if I can recall the details when I need them now.

One upside though. Since my retention is so low,  I get to read some of my favourite books like Dune and ASOIAF series every 2-3 years like I am reading them for the first time :-) Do you type notes? Or do you hand write them?

Even though I'm a software engineer, I feel like I remember more when I've handwritten the notes. If there are jokes, I like writing those down, too, so it's fun to re-read.
 I had the same problem. I hated reading.   What worked for me was audio books.  I was able to retain almost all the info if it was in audio/video format.  If possible id say try and organize what youre reading and emphasize the important aspects of what youre reading (this likely only applies to books you wouldnt have to give back to the library or sell)
For example; I had a philosophy class where I knew I wasnt selling back my book just out of interest  of the subject and ,in order to better retain the information, I highlighted the important points. Im a pleb who had like a pack of highlighters so one color was different people another the shit they had to say. Each section was also categorized by those colored sticky note slips that dangle out of the top. I sorta tried to also color coordinate those by perspective on objective vs subjective realities but that fell apart after a while. lol
Honestly even if you even did return the book you might be able to figure out some system like that, otherwise id just say just try and take good notes and organize those in a similar fashion. Try and repeate main points or highlight them. Just the extra emphasis should do you good in the long run. Really gotta grind that shit in there.
Hope this helped and wsnt just a waste of a few minutes to read lel Fiction or education context? I'M IN THE SAME SITUATION RN

i'm gonna start college soon and i'm terrified 😭 I don't have any tips but I can definitely empathize. Sometimes by the time I get to the end of a paragraph I've already forgotten what I've read. I've been in college for a year but feel like I haven't learned anything at all. I'm a perfectionist too and feel like I need to remember as much as possible, but *everything* for me is in one ear and out the other. I really like the idea of this technique! Sounds kind of obvious, but this could actually be a great learning technique in itself!

I do half of it already - unfortunately it's the first half with the really disorganized notes ... which are often incomprehensible when I look at them again months later.

Do you block off specific times for rewriting after lectures or reading? Haha was just talking about this same thing with ASOIAF 45 minutes ago! Yeah, I usually go through the notes later that day.  If it's a busy day I will put main points down into the outline format to fill in that night. Also color coding makes it more fun!

When I found out about this idea I didn't think it would actually work, but when I started doing it I found I got the chance to reflect on the subject more.  The process itself really helps and I get clear readable notes after!

Specifically for readings:  I will highlight the one keyword or phrase that sticks out as the point while I'm reading, that way I don't get bogged down in long winded essays.  With books I also jot down the page number next to the notes so I can find the page to reference later.

I'm sorry this is long, hope it helps! 