Lost my bullet journal Mostly just a rant. 
I was so excited when I found bullet journals last year, and have become pretty heavily reliant on mine. 
It definitely helped me with my schedule - which changes frequently for work- and served as the repository for all of my notes, doodles , lists etc. 
Just started a new one last month and I somehow lost it Friday at work. Which wouldn’t be a problem if work wasn’t a 15 floor tertiary care hospital. 

It’s not so much the info in it I’m sad about - although I did work hard on checking in with it every day and making it part of my routine. I’m really bothered though by the feelings of failing yet again that come with it. Like I’ve lost something else, which just proves that I can’t keep my shit together and feels like another check in the column of ‘things I have messed up’. 
My partner and friends don’t seem to really understand why this is so upsetting. To them it’s just something else I have lost, and I’m always losing things so what does it matter.  But I feel like maybe some of the other ADHD folks here get it. 

Sorry for the long post. Just real frustrated with myself.  I lost mine two weeks ago.... I have replacements but cant bring myself to make a new one in hopes I will find the other one...  Have you written your name into it? Is there a lost and found office? When did you last see it and where? Get a Trackr or Tile and attach it to your next one. You can mark it as "lost" in the app and you'll get a beep next time it's found. I'm so sorry you feel this way. It sucks, doesn't it? I totally get how this feeds into a negative thought spiral because that happens to me all the freaking time.

It's a symbol - right? Something that really has made you feel on top of at least something in your life, and now it's lost...

Just remember that thought is just and fine, but just a thought. It's not the truth, and losing this journal doesn't mean you'll be doomed forever.

I train dogs, and one of the things I say consistently to people is that regression and forgetting are crucial steps in the learning process, but that dogs still are learning and progressing, even if right at this moment they're looking at you like you've never said the word "sit" before.

It's the same with humans. Mistakes and setbacks are part of our learning process as well.

And hey - setting up a new bullet journal is pretty fun. I like choosing my new color and deciding what color pen I'm going to start with.

Still, just wanted to let you know that yeah - at least one stranger on the internet gets it, and you're not the only one!  My name and phone number are in the front cover. I’m concerned it’s on one of the wards and will wind up getting ‘cleaned up’ aka thrown out by someone.  Speaking from exp - it helps if you put "reward due upon reciept" on/in it somewhere. The few times I lost mine, the person returning it didn't even accept a reward but at least they're incentivized.

Also, after losing it so many times, I switched to an ipad / notability setup. It helps with being able to search through old notes. The new ipads are pretty cheap too.  