Today I left all of my pens on an airplane. I like to draw and I have about 20 different kinds of pens. I was drawing on a flight today and _left them all on the plane._  Now I don't have anything to draw with and I've wasted a lot of money.  Agh, I'm so sorry. That would stress me out so much. I get really sad when I make mistakes like that and lose or break things.  I'm so sorry :(  I have a few inexpensive fountain pens, but it would still blow to lose any of them. Story of my life Oh, I'm sorry. :(

I'm a pen freak so I feel your pain. I have several with me at all times and it would be quite personal hit if I lost them.  I'm sorry that happened to you. Sucks.

Six months ago I was in a mall in Bangkok, waiting for a friend. I, like an idiot, took off two silver rings I was wearing and set them down. When my buddy showed up, I walked away from them.

They were nice and I was mad. But, I took it as an opportunity to forgive myself, try to be more mindful, and move on. I've had several bonehead moments like that since, but it's helping me to accept them and try to be more attentive.

All that self-flagellation wasn't getting me anywhere. Hi!! Call your airport. 

I have left my iPad more than once on a airplane and they always locate it. But call immediately, before the plane leaves for another airport :)) If you like pens and haven't found r/fountainpens yet maybe this is the universe telling you to check it out? :) I know that's an awful feeling thiugh Call them for sure!! There's a huge lost and found for every airport. The guys that clean the plane inbetween people will have found them. 

But also, HUGE sympathies. The feeling of having no pen is the worst, and I can't imagine what it's like right now for you :( Not sure how expensive your pens were but I just got a 20 pack of G2 color gel pens from Costco for 12-13$.  Im a total nerd and have to use different colors for my notes, and I was waaaaaay too excited when I saw that the Costco pens had 6 more colors than the amazon brand. I'm genuinely fearful to take things like my art supplies out of my house because I know I will lose them.  At least the pens get to have a fun time flying around Florida.  I will check it out! I'm just glad I lost my pens and not my markers. I bring them to school every day so I never assumed I'd lose them.  Hopefully you get a postcard! It is a rabbit hole so be prepared for it! :) I'd be pissed if I lost my markers :/ 