Any good visual planning apps out there? I realized I have a presentation on Monday and I’m way late on all the work behind it. This keeps happening to me; my brain believes I’ve got at least two or three more times before any assignment is due until BAM! Nope, it’s in three days. 

I’d like some advice on visual planners for iOS (iPhone and/or iPad) if there exist any. The normal iOS calendar is too text based, no color codes, etc. 

Any ideas? Don’t mind paying a bit for a good one. 

Cheers! I know this sounds old-fashioned and crazy but...

Ever considered a paper calendar?  For my visual mind, that works much better.  Granted, this works best if you do almost all your work in the same place (when I had a cubicle I had 5 months all printed out and pinned to my cube), but the physical ability to count out the days, not having to flip between pages, etc. really helped me. Give Trello a shot. It's a generic task planning application that can do standard calendar and reminder stuff, but also lets you attach pictures, links, checklist, color labels, all sorts of shit. It's got a little widget you can stick on your homescreen to show your upcoming due dates too.  
  
Only thing I don't like is that -- at least on Android -- you can't configure the reminders. They're always 24 hours before a task is due. It has integrations with lots of calendar software, so you can get around it by having it sync to another calendar, but it really should be in the app itself. Other than that I really like it though, try it out. PAPER! Digital leads to too many distractions. Since starting meds I have uncovered years of forgotten TODO lists in Google Keep, Onedrive, Gdrive, and possibly some in my email. All unfinished. I'm thinking of an app called Calendars 5 by Readdle. I've used their PDF reader which is the best PDF reader I've ever had (unfortunately not available for Windows).

Anybody tried this one? I have, yes. I use one for the summers for an overview of my summer vacation days, my son's from school and my ex's (his mother) so it's easy to view the entire summer at a glance. But for this purpose it would be better and more convenient to have it on my phone/tablet so I can make easy adjustments, move dates, changes pictures etc. I want it to be highly visualized, you see. I do have a Trello account but I use it for different things, i.e. films that I own and have yet to watch, which I then move to a different category once I've watched it - what's up next, prioritize etc. Same for video games. I just don't see how it could be used as a proper calander sort-of planning. But I will take a better look at it since you mentioned it.  It's the opposite for me. I have one stack of paper which I "file" all my things and will eventually go through it when it has reached a sizable height. By then I don't even remember what those papers were and some I can even throw straight to the bin. That's why digital suits my needs better. Well typically I don't file my notebook. Anything that isn't finished is moved to tomorrow. 