27yrs Old, not taking adderall, looking for a type of "wrist" band to have. I am currently using my gf's hair tie -TL;DR summary is just I am looking for a wrist type band that I can use as a distractor of sorts.  Does anyone know of something like this or do something similar to help stay on track, remember things, etc. ? 

-As my title says, I am 27 years old.  I have a prescription for adderall, however I do not like how it makes me feel and when I come down on it. I'll be honest, I tend to only focus on things I dont want to be focusing on

-Every day is something new. I have been seeing a counselor this year for unrelated events, but it helps.  I am trying to make myself journal but I tend to forget alot.  In general, my memory seems to be getting worse

-I am trying to journal every day again, if only bullet points on what happened.  I am taking the Wells Roots, Mood Up Stress Down pills to help. 

-I am looking for a "reminder" wrist band or something similar.  I tried looking it up but the results came back as someone dying and remembering them.  Does anyone know of something or have experience with this/similar to mine?

-First time poster on here and I honestly dont talk to a lot of people about it because they all shrug it off.  Doesnt help when my dad doesnt really believe in it either.  

-Lastly, thanks for all the help.  Sorry if this post isnt correct.  I appreciate all responses.  Im just trying to stay on the right track and be positive about this.  You could just get a better quality hair band?

There are some "fidget" toys and rings I've seen mentioned on here before. I just found heaps on Google under "fidget rings" and "adult fidget toys" brought up a surprising amount of clean content (one seedy add). Looks like there's a lot of Etsy sellers too. You should be able to find something that's "you".
 [deleted] Are there any properties that are important for it to have? Stretchiness, for example.

I'm wondering what you like about the hair tie, and what you want to be different. Wrist band - you know the strips of paper you use to make paper chains? I use them as temporary bracelets that I can write important tasks on. Cheap and effective. You can even colour code them if you want.
Journal - I've just started bullet journaling and it's a true life saver. it's super flexible which is great because with most organising systems I stop using them because they only work when I keep to rigid plans and systems and I just can't do that. I write in it every day before bed, I plan what I'm gonna do the next day and I check off the things I wanted to do and I move over the things I couldn't get done (almost half the things normally ugh). This shows you how much stuff you can really handle and helps you figure out which things are priorities. There is a tonne of stuff on bullet journaling online and I urge you to do some research. I hope this helped! [Stim jewelry?](http://www.stimtastic.co/stim-jewelry/?category=Fidget+Jewelry) Browse here 
[Fidgetting tools for ADHD](http://www.amazon.com/s/?_encoding=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&field-keywords=adult%20fidget%20toys&linkCode=ur2&rh=i%3Aaps%2Ck%3Aadult%20fidget%20toys&tag=homebusinesgu-20&url=search-alias%3Daps&linkId=M72ATS5PKFY2I2BJ) I'm confused about what you want to do with the rubber band, because I don't understand why it keeps breaking. I'm a woman and I almost always have a hair tie in my hair or on my wrist, but they only break when I'm putting them in my hair. I guess your wrists are probably bigger than mine. :-)

You could try wearing it on your nondominant arm. I broke a few bracelets before I figured out there's a practical reason people wear watches on their nondominant hand, not just convention.

Another idea would be putting it somewhere else that you'd be guaranteed to see it. They get itchy and tight on your wrist and it might not always go with your outfit anyway. My mom uses a water bottle that she brings with her most places.

Maybe you put rubber bands on your wallet. Use a different color band for each thing you're trying to remember. Keep the number small, 1-3 and no more than 5. Rubber band around back flap = Not done. Rubber band around front flap = Done. 

As far as remembering what each color is supposed to remind you of, for the tasks that repeat on a regular basis, use the same color every time. Maybe you'll have to write it down at first, but I'm sure it won't take long before you start automatically associating the red rubber band with "Bring leftovers for lunch at work." If you don't have leftovers to bring in on a particular day, keep that band in the front flap until the next the you have leftovers.  I hate to ask the obvious question, but have you tried different medications? I mean, it seems kinda silly to refuse all medications after one doesn't work for you. Thanks for that response I will look into it! I forgot about etsy This literally could be exactly what I am looking for. Thanks and I will look into it more

edit: I guess the only thing I wish was this told you what to do or had a symbol for it > adult fidget toys

I would love one of these too do you know if they would ship to the UK?
 Just ordered this. Thanks!! commenting for later Well the hair ties just keep breaking at the seal point on them.  I tried a rubber band, but I do have rather harry arms so it rips hairs out.  

I just want something that fits, but can stretch to like fiddle with ya know?  Growing up in school I always just used a pencil or whatever, but thats because I was sitting in a desk all day.  thank you! OMGYES. I had no idea any of this was a thing, but I have had various items I use(d) at work that got me some very strange looks. I can't leave my rings alone when I don't have anything else in my hands, and just placed an order for both the rings and some toys for my desk. THANK YOU for this, and thank you, /u/ZacWaffle for making the post! When I was younger I did, but the side effects hit me hard.  So ive been on adderall from there on out.   It's funny that this exists, because it's so simple yet *almost* exactly what you were looking for. I would forget too because whatever I'm trying to remember might change day to day plus I usually have more than one thing that I'm trying to remember. I just ordered a set and they had options to ship anywhere in the world pretty much.  I carry around this thing called a Begleri. I think you can buy them, but it's pretty easy to make. It's a bit of string, with one bead at each end, and you can flip it around. Not quite a bracelet, but something to fiddle with that easily fits in a pocket. [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smpJ2qOTK_s) is a video of one. I made one using a bit of paracord (that I already had) and two lanyard beads/cinch sleeves.

You could maybe get a chinese knock-off power-balance bracelet? Or something like the "livestrong" bracelets (yeah, they break eventually, but you could probably get like 50 or so for pretty cheap. If you are willing to buy enough, you could probably even get them with your own custom text.) This is great! thank you /u/PeachesFromHeck I also love your name because of Rocko.

Also to /u/kalayna I honestly loved reading your response.  I made the post in an attempt to better myself.  I love that it has helped others, specifically you.  Seriously.  Goodluck with everything! you're welcome :) for me Adderall makes me want to touch my face/hair sooooo much which is bad for my skin so stim jewelry has been key for giving my hands something to do instead  I agree completely. I just bought a set of two.  I tweeted to the creator with an idea to improve on it.  Personally, I am going to use diff colored sharpies and make dots so I remember what I need to do.

For example, orange could be my color to remember to meditate, blue dot could be to journal, red dot etc.   i like this stuff too.  Thanks for it!  I will look into the begleri idea.  I like that.  Possibly have diff symbols on each individual beed or something like that Haha yes!! You're the first person to get the name! I absolutely LOVE Rocko! It made me smile reading it lol  