It WORKED! No more stupid parking fines for me! Last month I got a parking ticket for forgetting to move my car into the driveway before the street sweeper came. That week, I set up an IFTTT program to turn my lights annoying green two hours before they're supposed to come. And it's worked! I was lounging and had completely spaced having to move my car until my lights changed color and reminded me! *That's my $35, city! You can't have it again! Ahahahaaa!*

Sorry if this is kind of a small or overly specific thing, but I'm really proud of myself for setting up my own safety net that actually saved me! I've never heard of IFTTT until now, but the site looks really cool. I have an Echo Dot and a Google Home that I've never used, so I'll give it a whirl sometime soon. Gives me an excuse to actually use them.

I'm sure I could benefit from this! Thanks! When people ask me how I manage not to fuck up everything due to my ADHD, I always tell them I do fuck up everything, I just have enough safetey nets that everything turns out allright in the end. Not a small thing. Various automations are a lifesaver for me. I've fully got the smart home thing going on, and still adding to it.

For example, anytime I get a new credit card or something of the sort (anything that requires a payment), I'm basically ALWAYS late on the first payment, because I have to wait for the card to come in the mail, then the statement, and mail always gets shoved aside for me to go through later when I have time. That time never comes. Then I call the company and beg for them to reverse the late fees since its the first time, and set up automatic payements right then and there.

I once got a store credit card that ended up not having an automatic payment feature. After my usual pleading and paying off the statement, I closed the card becuase I can't deal with that crap.

One of my favorite automations is that if my front door is open even just slightly, I get a text about it after a certain amount of time. Additionally, if the door is closed but not locked for a certain amount of time, it'll lock automatically. I learned about ifttt today, thank you!
  $35 is not a small thing. Good for you! hahahaha I love it. good job! way to hack your brain with IFTTT! Brilliant!

I'm trying to come up with some methods, aside from phone alarms, to remind me of things. I have way too many alarms and now they're kind of background noise because they're over utilized. :/ Hey this reminds me my car is about to get shat on by some birds. (E: LL trimmed their tree, & the birds' new favorite spot is above my usual parking spot) Gonna move it now. 

Thanks OP! Lol $35? I got a 300 dollar fine a couple of weeks ago for parking too close to the corner, even though this was in a bunch of quiet residential small roads. The app is fantastic, too. I love how simple it makes tying different automation systems together! My favorite are the custom commands/shorthand for the Assistant and Alexa. I do the same things with the card - but rather than closing it I just cut it up so I couldn't use it. Having the credit available increases your debt to credit ratio. I've had one I haven't used in four years. They just keep bumping my credit limit and I cut up the cards every time they send me a new one, lol. Oooh, what do you use for the door? Security is probably the next step in my own automation. Same! That's actually why I did the lights instead of just calander and AI/phone notifications. It's something I haven't yet used for any notifications.    

I use the Hue system mostly, but IFTTT (and Google/Alexa) works with a wiiiiide range of lighting systems. Hah! No problem. Reminds me that I should wash my car sometime this week... I didn't even know "parking too close to a corner" could be a thing! Which device do you like better for this -- Amazon Echo or Google Home? The only reason I have both is that I'm an idiot. I bought a Google Home online, forgot that I bought it, then two days later bought an Amazon Echo. Both came in the mail the same day. lol. 

I even wanted to return the Google Home (since I didn't want to have both Alexa *and* Google Assistant), but I forgot to do that too.

ADHD memory... I swear to god... lol. Haha. I think eventually they'll close it after no use, but usually it's not for many years. But I already have plenty of credit, so I wasn't worried about the extra $1000 or whatever. But it's definitely something to consider! I use smartthings hub, with open/close sensors and a schlage z-wave deadbolt. Its pretty amazing all together. You can unlock it remotely for people, or give them a custom code so they can let themselves in. I still carry a key though as backup. I have and use both, actually! I mostly use IFTTT with Google, simply because it seems to understand me more precisely, with the voice profiling and such. Also, any IFTTT that you set up for the Assistant will work with your phone's Assistant too! I usually use Alexa for my wake-up alarm and the grocery list, since the Alexa app makes those things easier to access.  My advice? Try both, see which system you like better! Be careful with that, a lot of credit cards have monthly/annual fees. Always make sure with the bank that if you stop using the card it won't be an issue Zwave, got it. Are the open/close sensors Smartthings branded? I happen to have been gifted that hub (and one outlet controller) for Christmas, and have been looking for what to do with it. Wrong person. I dont keep open credit cards. Heck, I dont even sign up for credit cards that have fees like that. SmartThings does make their own, but I believe mine are from monoprice.  But I am pretty fond of Z-wave. But Im also a nerd and a huge DIY person. Without anything else, you can plug in a lamp to that outlet as some sort of automatic lighting. For example, I wake up fairly easy, and I have my light in my room turn on automatically 30 minutes before my alarm goes off. So I wake up softly. Loud alarms make me grumpy. I do the same thing for when im going to bed, I can hop in bed to read or whatever, then tell my google home to turn the light off for me without getting up. Things like that. There are so many possibilities with this stuff.... just dream something up and make it work! Thats the kind of stuff id end up hyperfocused on sometimes. Sorry! I hope they see it anyway. I likewise am very careful to avoid cards that have any kind of time-based fees. I do keep my very first credit card open, however. Since my history is less than seven years, keeping that card open helps my score. I don't use it anymore, though. Monoprice, huh? I'll have to look into them.

Automated lights are a dream! I have a Hue-based setup right now, but I'm always ready to diversify. (Especially at Hue's price point- ouch!) Have you seen those little $5 Sonoff switches? You can wire them directly into the cord of either an appliance (like a lamp or fan) or power strip and suddenly make it a smart device. And they're standalone wifi! One of my current projects is making a smart Crock-Pot this way... Haha. Same. Though my very first card ever was too good to be true and I didnt even know it at the time.  They kept changing the card to cut its benefits back. i was finally forced to a worthless card a couple months ago. So like you, its turned into an "open but locked in a drawer" card simply because the account is so old. Yup, monoprice is pretty awesome. I don't use them too terribly often, but it's basically an online store with a bunch of tech in their own brand (or similar generics). Cheap and reliable for most things. I just watch for sales. I also have some motion/temp/humidity sensors. Haven't done much with them yet.

ANd yeah, the lights are amazing. I actually have been building up my supply of actual z-wave light switches instead of plugins, bulbs, or corded things. Kind of expensive though.

I have seen the Sonoff switches. I've been meaning to try them out, but never got around to it. There just aren't really a whole lot of things I plug into walls that need to be turned on and off that often. Christmas tree lights would be one good option. Apparently you can flash your own firmware on the Sonoff switches to get it to speak to SmartThings. I just like the z-wave stuff because SmartThings makes it easy to set up a bunch of automated stuff. But Google is starting to implement the same features in their wifi/bluetooth system, so it may not be as big of a deal. Z-wave also is very conservative with battery, a huge bonus.

I don't have any smartbulbs.... but if I did try any (not as likely because of my switches), I'd want the color one... Where right now I wake up to my light dimming on, a colored bulb could start with the more orange look of a sunrise. I actually have a full sun cycle programmed on my Hue bulbs! I made mine fade in blue, though, because the blue the Hue bulbs gives off is midly irritating to look at and wakes me up quicker. If you're going to invest in color smartbulbs, LIFX actually has better color than the Hue system. Hue's green is, well...horrible.  