What a difference neurotransmitters can make Me without my meds: *forgets to water a drought-hardy plant for so long that it dies* (this is nearly impossible btw. takes multiple months)

Me with my meds: *busts out a ruler and five pens to make a color-coded schedule for watering, fertilizing, and otherwise caring for my plants*  Totally semi-related, I'm of the opinion that drought-hardy plants are the worst plants if you have ADHD, I've managed to kill several, the ones that need care every day are much easier because you can develop a routine and not have to think about it! 

My apartment is so crowded with plats that I can't move, I went through a period of intense horticultural interest a while ago and accidentally planted too many, but I've managed to keep them all alive since!  My mom did not allow me plants as a kid because of this.

Me with and without meds: *Busts out a ruler and five pens to make a color-coded schedule for watering, fertilizing, and otherwise caring for my plants. Gets severely hyperfocused on the details of plant fertilization and does not sleep that night because of this. Uses the plan once, then either forgets it or is not motivated enough to actually use it. The plant only survives because sometimes every few weeks I find myself standing next to it while holding my water bottle.*

Why do all the other people get the nice medication effects? Life is unfair.
But great if it works for you! ... Does it? Do you use the plan? You just reminded me I haven't watered my plants in months. Too bad I'll forget in a minute.  The period of intense horticulturalism and accidentally planting too many is the one I'm in right now lmaooo Lmao! This is very relatable.
I only end up using the plan if I'm remembering to take my meds every day. And remembering to fill my prescriptions. If I go any period of time w/out them the plan fades completely from memory lmao Just diagnosed and medicated here... Meds let my brain say "I know you want to make a chart, but will you really use it?". Then I set an alarm to go off once a week called "check on plants" and remind myself I should eat (yay appetite suppression).
I have had lots of pretty charts and dead plants over the years though 🙁 Haha, ain't there something really fascinating about plants!  