125 Strategies To Manage Your ADHD I just stumbled across this video of ADHD strategies from a coach with ADHD. 

This teacher seems like he loves coaching ADHDers.

He has spent a lot of time finding, implementing, and organising his strategies for dealing with his client's ADHD and his own.

http://www.erictivers.com/125strategiesvideo

You will have to offer your email until we get a detailed list of all 125 of the strategies. (I am off to bed, no time to create a detailed list of all 125.) Here is 3:

* use apps to replace will power
* 30 minutes of to dos before sleep - ~5-10 mins of fixing for that day
* always write last accomplishment & next step to jump back into a project

Perhaps everyone could post their favourite 1-3 to make a list for others to view quickly. There's no way this person understands his target audience.

I'd rather have a quickly skimmable list rather than a long video.

I appreciate the effort. Where is the strategy to watch through an entire video?

Wish there was a TLDWatch. aHAHAah what ADHD person is gonna read through so many....oh I see that joke has already been made.  >always write last accomplishment & next step to jump back into a project

Oh, that's a good one. So I watched them all with a pen and paper to write down the tips I identified with as being helpful- several of the times were much to vague, but it seems like the videos are meant to be a teaser for the website or very specific to the guy (he loves his job, his wife helps out etc.).  

Anyway, my top 3 tips are: 1) schedule tasks that you have been putting off in your calendar and then tell others about the tasks you have scheduled.  2) Sing about what you are currently doing until the task is completed (like mailing a letter).  3) Read/listen to Brene Brown- her books are great, I've actually taken an online class of hers... "You are enough already."
4) bonus!  I liked the tip to use color but don't color code- that is exactly how I took notes no the videos.  I came here to see if the comments mimic my reaction to the title, and I'm not disappointed 😂 Lol 125 My head is hurting just thinking about the number 125... geeze. 125 why not 125,000,000,000? *125* Strategies To Manage Your ADHD

ahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahaa

 That number terrifies me.. I almost scrolled pass by decided I should comment. Eric Tivers is awesome. Can't comment on this link but his Podcast has been amazing for me.  It is 5 different videos. I think the maximum was ~10 minutes.

Maybe 10 of them are pretty useful, and watching it gave me some good ideas to try.

Your welcome. What, you didn't have the patience to read before posting?  What's wrong with you? ;) I managed to watch them all and so did another Redditor. I have been diagnosed 4 times by 4 different doctors. I also did it without my meds.

Why so much negativity? Yeah, I think your #1 tip is great. Any improvement for accountability hacks is useful. oh come on scan wikipedia or some shit, not that guy's fucky self-help bullshit Only 125.... Is this person really an ADHD coach?

I think I'd quit reading after the first 20 suggestions Bad childhood, mostly. But thanks for asking. 