Recommend an ADHD friendly planner Would someone please share with me what planner they swear by... Honestly I am being lazy because I'm so overwhelmed with work, life, etc (the usual story)

There are obviously A LITERAL TON of planner choices, I figured it would be easier to base my decision off of a recommendation.

Thanks  The problem with most planners is they are made by and for people who are already good at planning, but want/need to be *even better* at it.

I use Google Keep, Calendar and my own color code.

There are 7 "action types" or "contexts". Work, play, socialise, fix, organise, excercise and relax. *Those pretty much cover everything that can/needs to be planned.*

I use this color code to plan my week ahead in Calendar, I try to predict what I should be doing at what time, for how long. Aswell as just set regular fixed appointments or events. *This is just an ideal, it rarely ever truly goes like this, but its a good way to look ahead and get an overview.*

In Keep I use this color code for my tasks and goals. I pin my tasks (they stay on top), assign a proper color and specify the exact physical action needed to get started on this task, instead of writing down the end goal or every possible step. Every task gets a separate card. Regular notes, data, links etc. I leave white. *It provides a clean, simple overview of your tasks, I regularly trim these tasks for "someday" things, this task list is only for things I really need/want to get done.*

The idea is to just check your calendar at any moment to see what type of action you should be doing (assuming it is a correct and/or realistic prediction), then check your notes for that action type (color) to see a list of possible tasks and their immediate starting actions. It's also a good system to review your week later, to see if you should assign more or less time for some action types, maybe you haven't been very realistic or honest with yourself etc.

Its by no means waterproof, but thats the point. Waterproof systems tend to be too rigid, unflexible and unforgiving for folks with ADHD. I bullet journal! Not like the fancy and elaborate ones you see online, more like a desperate attempt to keep everything written down and in one place. The month gets a page, every week gets a page with a little grid for big stuff each day (work, doctor's appts, important reminders, ect) and then if I have more than like three things to do I make a list for each day. I'll start a new page for basically anything, and as long as you're keeping track with an index in the front you'll be able to find pages later. The best part is that it's a blank notebook and I don't make any pages in advance so it's completely flexible. If I need lists every day for two weeks, that's what I do. If I need four weekly pages for the month and that's it, that's what I do. If I don't write anything for a month? I've probably forgotten stuff but I don't have to look at weeks of blank pages and feel terrible about forgetting. I just start again on the week I'm on and it's all good. I've been doing this off and on for three years, and it's amazing. Basically, whatever system works for you is what's best!  I used to use the small mead student/academic planners. You get a monthly calendar spread and the weekly pages are just lined sections by day - good for making lists. These are usually pretty cheap during back to school sales.

The real gamechanger for me was the passion planner - I'm on my fourth one! A lot of my therapy was in learning time management and overcoming time-blindness. The passion planner's weekly spreads are perfect for this! Each day is broken down to 1/2 hr blocks and at the bottom there is a section for making [lists](https://www.instagram.com/p/BM0IOQdj-kv/?hl=en&taken-by=krazeevilturtle)/free space. At the beginning of the week, I'll block off work hours and important meetings, and any other time that's been designated for something. Each day, I kind of scribble in whether I kept to it and any deviations. It keeps me honest about how I use my time and accountable (to myself) for sticking to the plan. I don't plan out every minute - that's overwhelming - but just enough so I have boundaries on my time.  I even make my own stickers to customize the layout (habit trackers, hydration, eating meals, everything my ADHD brain forgets). In the monthly spreads, I use stickers to "reward" myself for paying bills, doing chores, going to the gym, etc. and anything I want to remember. [This post](https://www.instagram.com/p/BZrm51tlfmg/?hl=en&taken-by=krazeevilturtle) shows a few pictures of my planner from last year. The compact size is enough space for me and easy to carry around, but beware! They're making some size changes for next year.  The best thing that works for me is actually an engineering level Survey book. 
[example](https://www.alfaplanhold.com/v/vspfiles/photos/9298370-2.jpg)  
They are free form, but perfect for writing out daily tasks, grocery lists, gym workouts, quick emotional state notes... not necessarily a planner, but pocket size and so I keep it on me all the time. 
There are about 20-30 variants and brands that have different styles.  [deleted] I second others' recommendation of bullet journaling, but I could never quite get that to work for me in the way that I wanted.

Then I bought [this planner](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0779N1JN4/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o06_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) that is the beautiful hybrid monster of a bullet journal and a calendar. I am so in love. I've had no success with paper planners but I've been using Habitica... on and off... for a couple of years. It's still my primary task manager even though I'm not super consistent. So in my own way I can swear by it. haha

I like the idea of bullet journaling but I lost interest on the very first day.  I usually buy several planners, write about a months worth of events and lose them in my car. I end up using the calendar app on my phone for important stuff like kids doctors appointments.  I purchased a planner from Wal-Mart. For me, it's better that I write things down because I will remember the tasks more.  Google calendar and Google assistant. If I’m too lazy to input things into cal, I’ll open up assistant. Makes life so much easier. This is the only thing that has worked for me. I’ve spent so much on fancy planners in the past, I’ll even use them for a couple of weeks until I lose interest.. or lose the planner I use a dateless planner and out in the dates for two reasons: (1) if I have a bad week or month I won’t be reminded every time I flip through. (2) the action of filling in the dates help me with awareness of dates. I find them on Amazon.  Panda Planner is one option, although I have found simpler is best for me. 
 I've been bullet journaling for two and a half months and honesty it's the best planner I've ever had! Its so personal and you have the creative freedom to make it however you like! Get bored of a theme? No worries, make the next one different. Yeah it's hard looking back at tasks you didn't do that day , but at the same time it's oddly motivational too  It's funny but I do a lot of what you described, only on paper, in a planner! I can't for the life of me make things work digitally, even though my work calendar is digital. I have to rewrite all of it onto my planner. Color coding is definitely key! Bullet journal. Yes. It's made for us. It changed my life. Carry it everywhere. I tell everyone about it. The best part about mine is my habit tracker. I put frickin 38 different tasks I want to do every day and I just cross out the days I do. It a great tool to learn more about how your time is spent that I desperately need. Idk what I'd do without the flexibility of my bullet journal. Thank you for the response, I'll look into this option I need to watch that!  My bullet journal has saved me so many times. I’m so glad I found out about it. Mine is simple as well :) 