Women and girls with ADHD: managing your lady chores, feminism and ADHD Have any of you significantly more to get ready in the morning because of difficulty managing all of the culturally/socially normal grooming and dress requirements? Getting ready on time was always a struggle, but throw in stuff like lost makeup and realising your legs are covered in unsightly stubble at the last minute, while your only suitable long pants need washing, and it can be a bit of a nightmare for self-confidence. 

Singe late adolescence, I've been trying to a) find ways to not give a shit and b) find time-saving mechanisms (such as 'no-poo', minimal makeup and waxing or epilating). Anyone relate? Dresses are the best thing ever. People think its because you want to look pretty and feminine but it's actually because you can't put together an actual outfit so onesies for women it is! 

Get neutral cardigans and shoes to go with them. Black and nude for shoes, and white, grey and black for cardigans. At that point your professional wardrobe is basically complete.  I used to be much less together because I would focus on stuff like shaving my legs, getting that last bit of stubble from my chin, plucking my eyebrows religiously, doing my makeup--that sort of thing. Now my partner and I are super body-hair friendly, and she reminds me to wash my pants, and I only do makeup for special occasions, so it's taken a lot of time out of my routine. I have two modes: leave the house late without even having brushed my hair, or taking a decade to get ready and wearing six shades of eyeshadow because PRETTY COLOURS. All or nothing. I used to have a job where I had a uniform, which helped. Now I have an office job and I have to dress like a girl, so I decided to halfway Steve Jobs it. I have 4 pairs of black jeans and about a dozen comfortable non-wrinkling tops in various styles. I match socks to the top and I have a dozen pairs of black socks when I don't feel like doing that, and I have five pairs of black work-appropriate shoes. Usually I wear the comfiest ones. I let myself take five minutes to pick a pair of earrings and a necklace. No other jewelry.

I have very short hair that doesn't need styling - if I get it wet and comb it, it will dry in an acceptable place. I do not wear makeup. I do not shave. I have a stock of breakfast shakes and I drink it in the car on the way to work. I have a dog to walk so my entire morning routine takes about 30 minutes between bed and out the door. 

Decide on what your bare minimum is, and base your routine there.  I can absolutely relate. While I enjoy wearing makeup, I just can't get myself to put it on in the morning, so I only use it for special occasions. I completely overload myself with clothing options, just so that I don't, for example, run out of pants when I already decided not to shave. I now have long hair, which I also like, but I never even blow dry it because it takes too long. I hope my coworkers don't think I'm nuts for coming to work with wet hair, no makeup, and pants with a simple top for the 4th day in a row... 

To make matters worse, I hate to shower. I make myself shower every other day, but mostly just because my hair gets so oily... I hate that half-dry feeling, and it's almost impossible to motivate myself to just get in the shower. Even with music or audio books its overwhelming boring and tedious. I do still manage to shower 4 times a week, but it's miserable. 

And I'm one of the many ADHDers with sleep cycle issues. It doesn't matter how much sleep I get, I'm always tired when I wake up.  And if it's before noon, I'm exhausted. Just living a normal life with an office job is the most difficult thing I've ever done. 

So yea, mornings aren't much fun for me...  My biggest daily issue is the shower. I get lost in the shower. I can get in, but I can't get out. It's my happy place.

I also need to avoid my phone (until I'm on the train) to not get lost in social media and waste those precious minutes I have. I just roll out of bed. It works for me. Medication has completely changed this for me. I went from baggy jeans and ill-fitting men's t-shirts to properly fitting jeans and nice tops and sweaters. Also from showering every second or third day to showering daily and even doing my damn makeup. 

People should wear what they want and present themselves as they choose, but for me it's been a lifelong battle to "take care of me"  and meds have made all the difference. I can totally relate! Mornings are always hard, epsecially when you have to get up before dawn. What helps me is showering and washing my hair the night before so I don't have to worry about it in the morning. When I wake up, I can use a spray bottle of water on my hair and blow dry it again if I have bed-head. As for clothes, I work in a paint and plaster studio so I can wear jeans and t shirts, but pulling out my clothes before bed is really helpful, especially if I sleep in. Makeup is the one this I struggle with (mostly because I don't really know how to use it well) so I usually don't bother beyond carrying a compact with me honestly. Even with all that though, mornings and getting ready are always a bit chaotic and I still forget somethig, usually breakfast or jewelry.  It takes me forever to get out of the house and I hate styling my hair but for makeup at least that's never really an issue or frustration.  Makeup is kind of like my creative outlet for self-expression and I actually think in some ways my ADHD helps me with it.  I hyperfocus on it because its practically a hobby and one of my favorite parts of my day is coming up with a new color combination to put on my eyes.  I wear different eyeshadows and lip colors every day (no surprise I get bored and want something different all the time).

To make some things go smoother I always try to shower the night before so I never have to do more than the bare minimum to my hair in the morning and I try to pick clothes out the night before if possible.  It often isn't because again I always change what I want based on my mood.  In the mornings I wake myself up way before I need to and just give myself a lot of time so I don't feel rushed and I can really get into enjoying the parts of getting ready that are fun for me.  I love the makeup part, the ritual of creating a new look with my makeup is something I rely on to set myself up and in the right mood to take on the day.  I don't feel prepared if I neglect it. I just don't do any of it. I think it probably reflects negatively on me because it makes me look like a slob, but I can't fathom when I'd have the time TBH.

You're lucky if I remembered to brush my hair and put on deodorant. Get a second pair of suitable pants, maybe more. Check thrift stores, you might be able to pick up a few for cheapish. Same goes for the items Chordaii mentioned in her excellent advice. 

I'm so glad I'm an artist, sometimes I work butt-nekkid. It's the best!  I never cared about my hair, so what I do is invest in a haircut that doesn't need a lot of work. I also pay someone to color it (being a tomboy growing up, I have no idea - and no patience - to do it myself).

Also, I run in the evenings. So, I wash my hair the night before (after I run), and take care of any shaving then. In the morning I take a quick shower (see below re: being on the warm side). I can't stand sleeping with stubbly legs, so there's that regarding the shaving. If my hair is messy the next morning, I just pull it back with a clip.

Finally, I've always been on the warm side (sweating at the first possible sign of heat), so I take a look at the week's forecast, and in my head think about what I might wear each day that week. In the summer, it's less urgent to do this; the only thing I plan for is the rain, in terms of what to wear. Try to remember to hang up everything that wrinkles. Of course, the best thing to do is to just buy stuff that doesn't wrinkle.

Makeup? I never wore eye makeup anyways because contacts. I don't wear lipstick because it comes off in 5 minutes, so why bother? I wear the minimal amount of makeup that I can (base, blush, maybe a little extra). Takes me 2 minutes to apply.

Good luck!

P.S. Don't forget to check out r/TwoXADHD. I hate putting in contacts first thing in the morning, but my glasses are so thick and heavy that I hate having them on my face all day. I'd love to get laser eye surgery to be free of it all. As for hair removal...I also dream of getting it all lasered off, haha. I need to make savings accounts devoted to each of these dreams. 

I do wear makeup but have a pretty fast routine. I feel like if I don't put on undereye concealer I'll look like a zombie and will frighten small children. I put on sunscreen that has some light makeup coverage built into it kind of like a BB or CC cream, so I don't use foundation at all. 

I have nail polish in the house but I go without it unless I have an overwhelming desire to have color on my nails.

I also gradually backed away from coloring my hair so now I don't have to deal with roots growing in. I'm trying to go for healthy and shiny instead of BAM look at my pretty hair color. I do like having a pretty hair color though instead of my natural brown. :-( But I'm hoping healthy and shiny will compensate for the boring color. Maybe. A little?  I can totally relate as well! I've been so much better in the mornings but I still get lost in random things in the morning every now and then and will then be a little late. What has really helped me is prepping for the morning the night before. I pick out my outfit, set out my makeup stuff by the mirror, back my bag and lunch, ect. It has a really helped me leave on time. 

I don't really care about shaving. I mean I do shave my legs but it ain't no thang to me if there's stubble. Well, normally, I really love taking showers (I have this thing with nice smells) but sometimes I get in these ruts where I just sorta.... forget for a couple of days and then notice my leg hair. Personal thing, but I just like the sensation of having shaved legs and pits, otherwise feeling the hairs brush up against things keeps distracting me, like the shirt tag thing. 


I totally feel the makeup thing, though. Most of the time, I just do a mattifying spray (Dr Jarts) some really good concealer I found (NARS, I think, but it blends well even without foundation) and a little something on my lips to make them less pale. (Ironically, I impulsively collect makeup. It's a bit silly.)


As far as clothing goes, assuming you have no uniform to wear, this tip from my older sister may help: Wear mostly black and neutrals. *Everything* will match, it'll look classy and shit, and it should require little in the way of mental spoons. Hopefully that ends up helping someone! :) Hahahahahahahahaha. Dear, sweet, human.

No shaving here. No make-up here. Wear the same pants many times and have two basic, nice set of work heels. Ain't nobody got time for that.  For me shaving was one of the biggest problems I had. I never ever wanted to do it. This may not be super helpful to you, but for me the solution was: just stop. I'll shave my pits occasionally which goes by pretty fast, but my legs I haven't shaved in over a year. Now this is easier for me to get away with, being naturally blonde, but I still used to freak out about it. I finally managed to stop when one time when I forgot to shave before  some intimate moments and I apologized and said "Sorry my legs are gross" and he looked at me super confused like why would he find that gross. That was when I realized that most people actually don't care or pay attention to your leg hair and if someone does they're probably better off being ignored anyway. It was still a little freaky at first, but now I flaunt that shit like it's nobody's business (which it isn't, of course).

As for makeup, I'm still working on figuring that out because I LOVE makeup but hate having to take the time to do it in the morning. Now I'll just throw on some mascara, MAYBE eyebrows if my hair is dyed darker than natural, and then top it off with a really interesting or bright lipstick. Less than 5 minutes and I get more compliments than when I spend a lot of time on my makeup. It's the lipstick, I swear, you put on pretty lipstick and you instantly look 5 times more put together. And colored tights so you don't have to shave your legs! I would add that buying "classic" shoes and classic shoe colors also means:

* less shopping;
* less time to think about which shoes go with which outfit.

Classic clothes mean the same thing - lots of coordination with minimal items of clothing. (Yes, I have a lot of dresses - especially in the summer!)
 I love the description of dresses as "onesies for women" haha. It's so true. Dresses make you look put together, yet you just toss them on with minimal effort, and they're more comfortable than jeans.
 Oh good, I'm glad I'm not the only one! Lol Omg the impulsive makeup thing I totally get. 

I bet it's common for LADyHD-ers: we can't resist the shiny or the promise of having our shit together like normal women. 