Coworker found it hilarious that I have to highlight and underline the entire book to pay attention. I was trying to study at work and my coworker looks at my book. It’s all highlighted in various colors, words are underlined in 3 -4 colors. It looks really colorful. 

She started low key laugh at me- for highlighting so much and taking things so seriously. She showed my book to our third coworker- as in -look how seriously she takes this exam- and she highlights everything! 
But the guy didn’t find it funny (he knows I have a weird adhd brain that can’t focus). 

This is what I don’t get -why is it funny? 
I have to make the book colorful because I find it easier to pay attention to it. When it’s black and white- I fall asleep, my mind wanders, you know the usual. 
 Fuck em. 

If you had a prosthetic leg, some fucking cunt would eventually make fun of you for that.   You're doing the best you can with what you've got. Adhd brains have advantages over other brains if you can learn to cope with the disadvantages, you'll be able to have opportunities not very many people can have.  Hahaha I actually find this funny! Not because what you are doing is wrong, but because I do the same thing!!! Fuck your coworker! I find only petty people will actually care about your quirks. You keep doing you, you know your strengths and weaknesses better than anyone else.

Remember, the people who mind, don't matter. And the people who matter, don't mind. well it is pretty funny, but showing the book to other people like that is disrespectful.  She sounds like an insecure bitch honestly. Try to ignore her but if she starts bullying you about it stand up for yourself or report her. She’s being inappropriate and rude, which is totally uncalled for and unacceptable in the workplace. 

For what it’s worth, I’m also an excessive highlighter.  That sucks. I was an English major, and one thing I was taught to do was to always write, note, and underline in my books! Even if it's just questions that pop up into my head or the definition of a word I don't know. It really helps me to stay engaged with books too, and always keep an active mind while reading. 

Keep at it if it works for you!  I’m totally with you in this! In particular, I remember an undergraduate Humanities course where almost my ENTIRE book was highlighted! I don’t know, it just involved such a dense textbook that there wasn’t much to skim over. I just had no choice but to color-code and study the whole damn thing.  I spent my last 2 days at work laying out half hour goals for myself for the entire day to stay focused, it's only crazy if it doesn't work I find it embarrassing for your coworker who finds it hilarious. Lol. What a childish ignorant coworker. Whenever I become embarrassed about my ways, I take pride in finding what works for me. You know that your notes look way more organized and fun than theirs. You already know this. Tell him you like your notes because it makes you happy. Who can argue with someone who chooses to be happy? Lol such a corny, unaware, self giving coworker.  People need to mind there own business.  Who cares, why we do, what we do.  Instead of laughing, inquiring nicely. Don't be juvenile about it.  i get this all the time.  fuck them.  realizing i didn’t have to treat a book as sacred and i could write in it was revolutionary for my studies.  and i’m the same, multiple colors, most of it highlighted, underling, writing notes, etc.  ur probably going way deeper than they can even imagine. People laugh at me for taking notes. They laugh because today I didn’t know which fishing lure to use. Som laugh because I didn’t know the compression ratio in some car. Had a few people laugh because I don’t watch football. People laugh at the dumbest reasons. I laughed at some people because they didn’t use chop sticks at a Chinese restaurant. People are just assholes about how they do things. Since the person in your example don’t highlight their book to help study,  you shouldn’t ether.

An odd defense I have came up with is finding the reason people are assholes. Take your example. She probably grew up not really needing study aids easily breezing through class. At home her studies probably weren’t taken seriously by he parental units, who probably were aggressive/ vocal on how they didn’t do it that. V A lot of friends have commented on my method of studying, in which I'll have a separate piece of paper with awful scribbles all over it. It's bland and messy.

I've got to keep telling myself that they react the way they do because it's something they're not used to seeing. I've been thinking that my feelings towards this was irrational but it does make me really annoyed when they point it out. Okay, that was super judgmental, because categorizing information makes EVERY brain better at it and she would be better if she did it too,

BUT this headline made me think of a time when a coworker of mine was given a handout and a yellow highlighter in a meeting and proceeded to highlight EVERYTHING ON THE PAGE. Every "the", "and" and at least one ellipsis... Not while she was reading, but after, and she expressly told someone it was so she would look busy. It was the weirdest choice to me. I'm also an excessive highlighter and I create my own study scripts with color coordinated notes and graphics. I really need visual cues for my brain to pay enough attention so I put a lot of work into making super structured and visually pleasing study stuff and guess what... other people keep asking me to share those because they fucking love them.

Your coworker is just trapped in her own mind and can't fathom that other people don't work the same as her. Demeaning you because she can't grasp a foreign concept is just plain rude, even if she didn't do it out of malice. Stop looking for reasons to be outraged. How tf are they meant to know you can't deal with reading black and white? Even if they did know you've adhd, i wouldn't fault them on laughing because their not laughing at you but at the lengths your condition brings you to do thing.  I can almost guarantee you she's jealous you're in school and wanted to drag you down... whether she was conscious of it or not. I'm 42 and finishing up a Master's degree and pretty much everyone I work with has told me I'm "crazy" in some form or another. People who are unhappy with their lives don't like it when the people around them are trying to move up and on. I find it embarrassing for your coworker who finds it hilarious. Lol. What a childish ignorant coworker. Whenever I become embarrassed about my ways, I take pride in finding what works for me. You know that your notes look way more organized and fun than theirs. You already know this. Tell him you like your notes because it makes you happy. Who can argue with someone who chooses to be happy? Lol such a corny, unaware, self giving coworker.  That's not cool that she did that. What a turd.

Grey rock that turd, don't let her know that it affects you. She sounds like a bully anyway. Who takes someone's things to criticise it in front of others? That's so high school. Just say with a big, ANNOYINGLY SWEET smile "well it works for me!" and be super cheerful. 

If this system works for you, then it works! Colour is awesome! You have a system! You're right that you've made it less boring.

I like how this other person didn't go in on her shit. That's a good buddy right there.

 This post is from like 2 weeks ago, but oh my god!! I do the exact same thing. The only way i can differentiate between different math equations, vocabulary words, whatever whatever- I always gotta highlight or write in a colorful pen. I never thought about how this might be an ADHD thing lol. That’s kinda nice. It’s kinda tedious and would be easier to retain the information just by reading it once, but yknow..  That’s the thing! I have figured out how my brain works as I went through undergrad and medschool unmedicated. It was torture but I managed. 

My best friend (who is an amazing doctor) - figured it out.  He got me this beautiful journal- to write my many racing thoughts down so I could focus better. 
I am on meds, it’s definitely easier now. 

But by now I KNOW how to make my brain work. 
If you don’t study with ADHD- you are lazy. If you try to study - it’s hilarious.  What are some of the advantages?

edit: Ahh cool, thanks for all the useful replies. I learned something :) That’s my favorite saying in the world!!  Mine is not because info is important -but literally so when I read it next time- I will actually read it -if it’s highlighted. My brain will jump at it-“ oooh yellow and orange! Wonder what it says!” 
That kinda thing  She didn’t mean it as a bad thing. And she hasn’t started studying and I know she is going to freak out at the end when she realize how much stuff needs to be done.  Yeah I'm going to need OP to let us know if the person who laughed is normally otherwise a good/friendly person or what.  Did they have intent to mock? If they are normally chill, then this is just simply an innocent enough exchange to me.  And OP seems like they're being a bit precious over something relatively harmless.  I get where OP is coming from but it's too much of an overreaction to find this as another reason to feel 'persecuted' for having ADD.

I think it *is* funny that relative to other people who just highlight/underline the occasional important sentence, OP is underlining *everything*.

And of course if it gets results, then more power to you and keep underlining things.  Don't worry about it Oh god. Making sense of finance textbooks for my last year will be my undoing. Why I chose this for a minor is laughably silly. I miss my psych courses. I’ll survive it. I have noticed I never get stressed out in a busy or stressful situations -like ED, codes, intensive units. 
I don’t get tired after 16 hr shifts -because more my brain multitasks more active I get. 






 Mine too!! I chant it in my head when people are being dumb. Us ADHD are a little odd! And that's okay, that's what's to fantastic about us! Fuck everyone who doesn't think so! Yeah I figured she didn't mean any harm but her utter lack of sensitivity towards other people's feelings is just... unfortunate.
Well, at least you know that you're better prepared than her! 😉 Honestly even if it wasn't ADHD I'd be pissed. There's a difference between laughing and deliberately taking your textbook and showing it to someone else to make them also see how weird your learning style is.  Of course you will! You know what makes it easy to study. That’s why I highlight and write notes. 
You know what works for you-if it has worked- that’s what you gotta do. 

 ADHD people are amazing in emergencies. When something is going on, my brain just is like we're alert now, giiiirl. Normally I'm the one panicking about STUPID shit, but when there's a real emergency I'm like...hold my beer, I got this. Of course, this is if you don’t have comorbid anxiety or other disorders that counter this. Thats assuming the intent as being malicious.  I don't think we have enough fine details to fairly assume that.  When I find something funny, I want to share it.  Again IF that person in the story did all of this in a mocking way, or was actively trying to belittle OP then I'd be inclined to agree that person is being awful. Exactly  I wish, I’m absolutely useless in an emergency. :(

That’s when my brain kicks into overdrive and it’s like time skips bc I don’t understand anything that’s going on and suddenly it’s all over.  Preach!  I have comorbid anxiety and yeah, I find that in first aid situations, I’m the one taking charge. My brain goes into some other place and just takes in all the info at once. I feel like I def still panic, but it's a good kind of useful panic.  Like I'm delegating shit and doing shit, and I may be screaming instructions like I'm terrified but at least they're the right instructions lol Even if it wasn't malicious it's out of line. I mean, you don't grab other people's shit and parade it around like that, you know?  I don't know if I'd agree that 'grabbing' the book and 'parading it around' is what was described in the post - but we may now be just at a point of difference of opinion. 