ADHD and performing feminity I always wondered why I couldn’t be like the girls I saw who color-coded their class notes, didn’t argue with the teacher, wore the same necklace every day, whose hair wasn’t a mess, who did their makeup in the morning, who seemed calm in social settings. My failure to conform to stereotypical femininity felt like a failure to be a proper girl. I figured I couldn’t be a “real” girl because of that. I think when I was growing up, I conflated my ADHD personality traits with my queer identity. It was hard to tell where one begun and the other ended.

I know now that there are as many ways to be a “real woman” as there are women. And that many people have felt intermittent discomfort in their gender. 

Anyone experience anything similar? What’s your story? I was a total tomboy. gossiping felt boring, I wanted to catch frogs and play in the mud. I'm definitely not a girly girl. I wonder if that is common with women with adhd  One of my pet peeves: in hetero couples, women are often expected to be the "household managers". Basically, the Executive Function of a household.

Keep everything organized. Remind the husband to do his chores. Remind the kids to pack their homework. Do all the shopping, which involves keeping a running inventory of all household items. Basically, you need to have your shit together, and everyone else's shit together, too.

This tends to not go so well for women with ADHD. Would I like to have a cute, coordinated outfit and wear makeup every day? Yes. Is that ever going to happen? No. It’s just not realistic for me. I look at some girls who look so cute and put together and I feel like a potato in rags... Oh totally. I often feel like I’m terrible at being a girl. Never have got the hang of makeup.  I’m not always great about taking showers, and I’m lucky if I do my hair. Being married to someone in the military the household management fell to me and man have I made some mistakes with money. My house is always a mess. I’m not great at social cues either so I never have fit in. 

On the other hand I’m almost 40 and on meds now so some things have improved. I’ve learned the hard way how to curb some of that add impulsiveness. And at least my hubby is generally patient with me, even if he doesn’t always understand. 

I’m still not great at performing femininity though. To some degree I’ve cared less as I’ve gotten older, but I’d be lying if I said it never bothered me.  I did all throughout elementary, middle, high school and college. Never fit in with typical girls. I was too goofy, impulsive, and disorganized. I interrupted people/teachers often, had a weird sense of humor, and argued/was opinionated. I got bullied/picked on a lot, even in my first adult job out of school. I still struggle socially with social anxiety, but I’ve found my new job to me much more supportive. For some reason the majority of people get me and enjoy me, its weird. I would say I’m way more comfortable with my self and unapologetic. I do try to be less impulsive, interruptive, and rash which has helped a lot. 
Hang in there friend.   
(Did you know women with ADHD are more likely to be misdiagnosed. Always found that interesting. Was never diagnosed until recently at 28).  I feel you. Being a (conventionally feminine) woman takes so much damn... coordination. Even on days when I have time to put myself together I notice something that needs to be done like my eyebrows aren't plucked, my cuticles are gross or I forgot to shave my pits. It's the worst. I don't know how some women keep up with it every day. I'm bi.

I grew up trying my hardest to be an excessively feminine girl until my teenage years where I decided I wanted to be a tomboy. 

There was a period of time where I *did* put on make up every day but it was because I had bad achne and was excessively worried about how I looked. 

I did it out of anxiety and when I stopped (because my skin improved and my boyfriend didn't like makeup anyway) I realised I was the odd one out and decided "fuck this I'm one of the boys now, k?"

Idk where I was going with this. Today is a very foggy day. I've done nothing useful for two whole days. I was never a girly girl. Sure I played with dolls and such, but I loved getting dirty and climbing trees even more than more brother did (actually he didn’t like doing that at all lol!) in high school I kept my hair bob length as to not have to put much work into it. Never dressed girly and definitely didn’t color code my notes! Now that I’m an adult and I work from home, half the time I don’t even brush my hair unless I’m going out and even then sometimes I’ll just throw on a baseball cap so I don’t have to 😂 it never really bothered me though, bothered my grandma more that I didn’t act very womanly though! However, I do love to dress up on occasion.  I'm the stealth version of this. I'm put very together in public and I love clothes, but my room is borderline hoarder territory. I definitely argued with the teachers and refused to be deferential or just respect people by default of them being older than me. I think it was always for legitimate reasons though, I'm not argumentative for the sake of it (though my mother would probably disagree). 

As for the identity thing, I never felt being female or behaving as a woman was a particularly relevant part of who I am, so where I conformed or differed from norms never really bothered me much. My hobbies were, and still are pretty mixed in terms of tradition gender norms, but I've been told I have a markedly more 'male' personality and everyone always thinks I'm a guy online unless I give explicit clues otherwise. Nobody in my family really fits that stereotype. Most of us are straight, but none of us is girly to a great extent, and we're all spectacular social misfits. I studied singing, and I've been told on multiple occasions to learn to speak in a higher register (which is bullcrap anyway, like most vocal coaching). Not gonna happen. 

As one gets older, one tends to give fewer fucks. It took a loooooooooong time before I felt like a "real woman." Like when someone would be talking about women it would take me a bit before I was like "oh yeah, that means me." LOL To this day I don't really know how to take notes. If I heard it hopefully I can remember it to regurgitate it on the test. My hair was always messy and clothes usually stained. I have zero ability to accessorize (or decorate, for that matter... most rooms I love I look at the different pieces and think I would NEVER think to buy this...)

Later in life I never really felt the same empowerment other women feel around their fertility. It felt super annoying and inconvenient instead. I didn't make birth plans. I didn't care. Just get this baby out however. I didn't experience some huge loss or disappointment after C-sections.  Just can't even fathom why that's important to other women. 

Interestingly, I've never been uncomfortable with my gender. I just couldn't relate to other women.  Now I feel like I can relate better. I'm not sure what changed.  I was a hot mess growing up. I played with any toys that were available.

I'd only wear a dress if I could spin in it and twirl, I didn't care otherwise. HATED STOCKINGS/HOSE and was joyful when I found that knee highs exist because OMG you don't even know... Nothing like taking them off and being under soft sheets, though.. tingles...

Anyway, I mostly wore pants, and as I grew up, my interests became invariably nerdier and nerdier, until 80% of my interests and friend groups were guys. but I was treated 'differently' because I was a girl. Ugh. Also the guys who never got the hint that I just wanted to be friends even though we have all this common interest.

At any rate, I was like, why am I not girly. But to be basic girly is so much more high maintenance than I ever could be. 

I did go through a phase of trying out mom's makeup because it was something to do at her house when I visited, but it really didn't make me feel 'girly' or 'pretty' at any rate. I feel weird with makeup on anyway.

I'm just at a point I'm like, screw it. I don't even care anymore about labels of masculinity or femininity. Like, whatever.  And I STILL go out the door with wet hair.  OhmyGOD yes.

I have terrible handwriting. One time I turned in a paper in 4th grade without my name on it. The teacher put it on the projector to see if anyone would claim it and the my classmates kept saying "definitely a boy's" and then my teacher said "or a girl with a broken wrist" cue laughter.

pretty sure i decided to just take a 0 on that one. Still to this day (i'm in highschool) i feel insecure about my handwriting because people always comment on it. 

but also i just felt a little more weird and more interested in being weird than following social norms. which is a good thing. i feel like if other girls hadn't been held to social standards they would've acted the same way because being weird is a lot more fun. but i still did feel shame and get made fun of. [deleted] You know how clothes for girls, and little girls, those dresses and stuff, can get so frilly and have some weird fabrics and stuff? I ended up a tomboy because I just couldn't deal with the discomfort of cutesy dresses, and the feeling of tights and stuff. So here goes early years feminity.

Then I was always interested in subjects so far removed from what the regular everyday girl was supposed to like that I felt awkward amongst my peers. I was distracted, would draw instead of listen, and I had jumped a class. Anyway, here goes your standard way to conform: without a girly peer group, I was excluded (and felt excluded, those were really hard time for my teenaged girl self) from stereotype conformity.

Teenage years were harsh. I managed to be a girl conforming teenager only during ONE year. Only because I think I took a weird interest (you know how it is, your brain stays fixated on something and stuff) in eyeshading, natural remedies and other beauty masks. Like I would totally experiment like in chemistry and painting and stuff and go crazy with the make up and stuff. Lasted about 6 months.

Then I just... you know. Now I know it's just not for me: you can be a woman any way you want, but I'll never be the perfumed, tastefully made-up, organised, curly writing, scrapbooking kind. I'm kind of a tomboy, I make an effort to be sort of feminine-dressed at work (like I'll wear women's jeans, not baggies, yay go me), but I swear, I wear Dr Martens (the manly kind), I don't wear make-up, I can't deal wih perfume smell, I write like a blind dog got hold of a pen, I laugh and speak so loud, and my main interests are glass, lunar soil, plants, sky color and not... you know, babies, shoes and sales (wtf regular women, so dull?)

TL;DR: you speak the truth OP, and I feel you. But we are the best women we can be, and we can be women just anyway we want, f*** stereotypes! :) Can relate to everything you said. Honestly, as an ADHD male, I sympathize in a few ways. There's aspects of masculinity that don't align at all with the ADHD brain. This includes, both the emotional stoicism and the sort of take-charge, do things, be the bread-winner attitude stuff. Screw all of that. I'm a trans woman with ADHD.  This stuff made me doubt my identity for so long!  I felt my inability to do most of this was a sign that I was just imagining things, and helped keep me in denial for a very long time.

Like you, I had to unlearn the expectations of femininity and my inability to align with them from my image of who or what women are.   Omg yes. I never really equated it to adhd though but now that you mention the things like organized school stuff and always wearing accessories (I even forget my ears are pierced if I don't constantly keep earrings in them) I'm realizing it probably does have something to do with that. Even my handwriting was never girly enough in my opinion.  I was always pretty dorky, even though I’m very feminine. My hair is/was always kinda crazy, I’m not good at makeup because I don’t have the patience to practice, although I’m a lot better at it than styling my hair because I get FURIOUS at my hair for not cooperating. It’s really due to lack of experience because, again, I have no patience with it! 

 Straight chick here (but totally gay adjacent): I experienced all that too. I also felt it was a failure on my part, but a generalized failure. Just another way I couldn’t get my shit together. Yes. YES. I had so much trouble with this. I even swung way over into outright misogyny for a few years as a teenager, because of this. And all through elementary and middle school, I was so keenly aware that if I'd been a boy, my behavior would have been seen as pretty normal in comparison. My wife (I’m a woman.) understands and does not get offended when I don’t recall off the top of my head how many years we’ve been married. I too felt different about how much and what I did to my appearance. One of the best things about getting older is how I don’t care what most people think of me now. So much harder when I was younger. And now that understand why my brain works differently, I appreciate the particular strengths ADD provides.  I may be just a cis woman but I get EXACTLY what you are talking about.

From an early age, I realized I was very different than my peers. I was called a tomboy because I couldn't sit still in class, couldn't keep quiet, blurted out things better left unsaid, and I was very active. I liked getting dirty and playing with the boys. I didn't like make-up and didn't like the idea of "girl talk", it was so boring.

Making things worse, I was from a very traditional religious background where there were clear "gender roles" between men and women. Girls were expected to be polite and quiet, sitting still, wearing pretty dresses and "act like a little lady". I failed on all points and got in trouble a lot. It was considered "sin" so I was also told I was rebellious, sinful and stubborn. 

At school, because of my tomboyish traits, the other children would call me "gay, boyish, lesbian, butch, she-male" and ask "are you a girl or a boy?". I absolutely hated it. I didn't have an interest in dating or anything, I was too busy with my insecurities and anger about how I wasn't "normal".

As I grew up this problem didn't go away like they said it would. My parents thought it was a "tomboy phase" and I would mature and grow up to be like the other girls. But I didn't. I was more wild, spontaneous, moody, rebellious, hyper, impulsive, etc with the raging of hormones coming into play.

Bottom line is I was REALLY confused about if I was a "normal girl". Was I really gay because I didn't like make-up? Was I really a boy because I didn't like dresses? What the hell was wrong with me? Why couldn't I be a good girl like they want me to be at church? 

While I was questionning everything I was taught and who I was, I moved out of my parents place with all the fights we were having.

It took years to finally admit I needed to get to the bottom of what was going on. Through talking with friends and therapists, I was just a cis girl with ADHD, depression and gender roles are fucking stupid. I'll never be the good girl from church and I don't need to be. It's okay if I don't want to settle with anyone right now and do me. 

I am a lot more confident now then I ever have been. What I learned is that the world will hold you down and try to force you to be like everyone else and it's all a lie. It's our differences that make us who we are and everyone is unique and that's okay. I'm a feminist now and okay with my self, finally. Apparently neurodiverse people, particularly women, are more likely to be drawn to identify as non binary or trans and I wonder if this is one of the reasons why.

I totally agree with you and I'm glad that I was born at a time when my teenagehood didn't align with the current level of online content relating to these kinds of feelings. I'm happy being a woman now and it doesn't matter to me that I have gender non conforming tendencies but it was something that bothered me as a teen, like you, I wondered if I was a 'real' woman. Went through a couple of destructive phases related to it now. Eventually I found feminism which helped me feel more comfortable in my skin. On the other side of the page, I've always personally had a really tough time with stereotypical masculine culture personally. 

Never saw the draw to sports (although I do think baseball statistics is neat, and I like watching hockey sometimes but never could imagine *following* it, I just think it's a neat fast paced thing to watch) 

When I was married, everyone thought I was 'an amazing husband!' because I did all of the cooking, and a lot of the cleaning, and I wasn't afraid to spend time (hell I ENJOY spending time) with my children. Of course, my wife was the one paying the bills, doing the taxes, and keeping all  of our shit together. 

Even though I know a lot about cars and internal combustion engines, I'd rather drive an economical commuter car than spend my time and money on a fancy sports car or any kind of 'masculine' equivalent.

My favorite colors have always been pink and purple, I've always thought they were *obviously* pretty, and always thought it weird that it wasn't 'okay' for me to like these colors as much as I do. (Now that I'm an adult, I've got no shame about it. My favorite tie is bright pink, and I wear pink and purple clothes all the time) 

I never related this to my sexuality, but I definitely caught a LOT of shit growing up, and even as an adult, for not being a Manly Man that I *ought* to be.  

I don't think I ever managed to be comfortable just being myself until I was about 30?  Then I realized it doesn't matter as much what people think as I'd always thought.  Of course, at that age a lot of other people are much more mature as well, so I'm much less afraid of "Getting my ass kicked because I wore the wrong shirt"  or "Getting laughed at because I don't know who a famous football player is" or having people wonder why I'd rather be spending my time painting and writing poetry than out mowing lawns and changing my oil. 
 You do you! Always! Screw others’ perceptions and expectations. 

Oddly enough, color coding notes and being ridiculously organized through school was my coping mechanism through ADHD, I realize it now, being diagnosed as an adult. 
It was a constant effort and, combined with a stuctured (and rather sheltered) life made me thrive through school, but only at school. 

I always loved makeup and the whole dressing up but I never carried it all the way because of my lack of focus on that and the expectations on me being “the nerd” (nerds don’t dress up and are feminine). 

When this structure fell apart, as my mother’s myotony made her disabled and turned me into a caregiver, that I really felt that my brain couldn’t keep up with everything and depression and anxiety kicked in. 

Today, through a journey of getting properly diagnosed and accepting said diagnosis, I know what is going on and I’m taking medication and going through therapy. 

I love taking the time to choose an outfit and doing my makeup (the hair is still a mess though 😛) but as far as the other “womanly” things such as wanting to have children and take care of a household I have as little interest as possible. 

It’s amazing how getting treatment helps with self confidence to be the way you want to be. Again, you do you!

Sorry for the long rant, I’m new to this sub and I’m loving these interactions.  I also experienced this. My handwriting was never the organized, neat script of my friends but a chicken scratch etched on the page.

Wardrobe, forget about it. I didn’t know how to put an outfit together for the longest time. I couldn’t (can’t) keep up with the pace and turnover of fashion trends. By the time I got a handle on what was in style we were onto the next season, the next look. And it’s endless! 

At this point I wear a fair amount of men’s clothes and ‘classic’ semi-preppy pieces that always look decent and don’t have to be styled. To be perfectly honest, I often go shopping with my SO and she guides me away from things that don’t work fashion wise. (I recognize this an act of feminine emotional labor performed by a more feminine (than myself) non-ADHD person.)

Overall, I was loud, rambunctious, and couldn’t sit still. My parents had a few help books on how to raise a “spirited child.”

My mother is the household manager and, God bless her, tried her best to impart this wisdom onto me. What sort of food groups go into a dinner, the timing of getting children ready for the day, how to scan a room to evaluate if everyone is comfortable or needs a drink, and how to be an excellent hostess.

Details, details, details. Things to monitor, remember, be prepared for. To me it was overwhelming. I pushed back against this wisdom, I literally couldn’t handle it all. Throw in a queer identity and burgeoning societal standards about emotional labor what kinds of work is expected, taken for granted, of feminine people and you get a very messy situation.

Not really related to ADHD (but maybe it is),
at this point, I am having questions about my gender and identity. What makes someone a woman(or a man, etc)? Is it the ability to perform all these “tasks” of feminity? Of course not, because people can be gender non-conforming, but then we still conflate all these traditional norms of femininity and masculinity onto the genders female and male. (And there are of course identies of genderqueer, nonbinary, no gender). We know that men can put on make-up and skirts and enjoy dancing with tights on, and that women can have short hair and play video games and sports. At what point does how a person looks or wears or what activities they enjoy doing define or influence gender and identity?

Anyway, this last paragraph is my own developing thoughts with many questions I don’t have the answer to. It may not relate to ADHD but it does to the performance of feminine identity which I think having ADHD complicates, as women are seen as task masters, managers of domesiticity and emotion. I am terrified of baby showers. I haven't been to one, and I do my best to avoid them. I just have this idea that they're estrogen-infused torture and I cannot bring myself to go through that. It would thoroughly exhaust me having to perform femininity to such an extent. I really appreciate your post. I have never really put too much thought into how my ADHD affected my own self-image as it relates to gender. I am a cis mostly-straight female, and from reading the comments it sounds like this is really common among us ADHD women. 
Just yesterday a friend was saying that I'm really funny, and have I ever thought about doing stand -up comedy or writing. I said no, I feel more like I'm obnoxious, like I'm the hyperactive 10 year old boy trying to be class clown that's constantly in trouble at school for being disruptive, but I'm stuck in the body of a 30 year old woman. Thank you for sharing this - I'm a guy, and while I can definitely see how this is a thing after reading this, it never really occurred to me.

Not quite the same, but it sounds like how I sometimes feel about being gay - with all the stereotypes about gay guys all being fashionable, neat & clean, and having fabulously decorated homes, I'm pretty much a hot mess by comparison. Doesn't help that my husband has really bad ADHD, too - we've lived in our current place for 3+ years now, and we still haven't really gotten around to decorating. (I mean, the walls are plaster instead of sheet rock. Have you tried mounting picture frames on plaster? Who has the energy for that?)

When I was in college, I used to spend a lot more energy on outward appearances, clothes, etc, but it was exhausting and ultimately didn't really matter. As I've gotten older, I've learned to accept that fact that I am who I am, and anyone who has a problem with that probably isn't worth worrying about. It also helps that I work in the tech field, where it's somewhat more acceptable if I show up at work, and then realize I forgot to shave that day. Or the day before. Sigh...

Edit: also, I was very fortunate to meet my husband within a few years of really getting into the dating scene. Certain parts of the gay community can be brutal about things like appearance, mannerisms, social standing, etc. I have four pairs of the exact same black pants. I have seven hoodies. I have four pairs of shoes (three different colors of chucks and one pair of slogger rain shoes). I have three of the exact same undershirt and five of the same style of work shirt in different colors. I cannot deviate from it. I get really bad sensory overload if I try something new that doesn't feel like what I'm used to, so it pretty much bars the ever changing outfits most girls I know wear. So I've holed myself into dressing like a tomboy. To be honest I think my daytime clothing preferences shaped what career I landed in (blue collar male-dominated field). 

I do okay at some girl stuff. I do my makeup every time I leave the house. I enjoy baking (?? does that even count in 2018?). I never really thought to associate my feminity with ADHD but it kind of makes sense thinking about it.  Kind of. It was exacerbated by a pathologically patriarchal upbringing. Religious poison.
 I used to be a super tomboy: football, martial arts, really avid hiker/fisher/camper. I just found that I didn't care enough to work on learning how to do feminine things like my hair when it was going to be in a ponytail for 90% of my day anyways. A lot of my clothes growing up were from my male relatives because I was too broad (shoulders) for many shirts/sweaters in the girls' section back then. 

I became more feminine when I went to an all-girl's school for a few years. I decluttered a LOT and built a capsule wardrobe, otherwise fashion will overwhelm me; figured out a small makeup routine to brighten my eyes in the morning. And I learned that you can mix the tomboy in with 'feminine' things. I took pole acro (100% women) lessons while I was training at an mma gym (90% men). I need a balance for my own self-confidence, but I didn't realize it until I got older.

Managing ADHD: thank god for the digital revolution. I need to track things and sync them automatically so that I can't lose information. Everything else that can't be organized and backed up digitally, I keep it as minimal as possible. The less I have the less I can misplace.  I wasn't diagnosed until I was 26 (I am 39 now). Up until then, my life was a mess. My apartment was a disorganized wreck. I couldn't get my shit together enough to pay my bills on time. My mind mostly wouldn't shut off, or it would shut off at the worst times (like at work). I couldn't do simple things, like put something together or keep a drawer organized. I was the worst at make up and matching clothes. There was always this dark, looming dread hanging over my head. It was horrible. 

After I was diagnosed and on medication, my entire life changed so much for the better. I know that for some people it doesn't work, but for me medication has been a life saver. I actually feel like a real woman with her shit together. I own a decently organized house, have moved up in my career and have the most wonderful husband. 

I didn't realize the feeling-like-a-real-woman until I read this thread, but it's so true. Thank you for starting this thread.  I realised in early adolescence that fitting in with the "cool girls" was just too much work for hardly any return. If those betsches were gonna nitpick me for every deviation from their cloned looks, screw 'em. I became the "weird chick", totally embraced a Mad Max aesthetic and subsequently escaped high school with my self-esteem intact. 

It was conforming my look to adult life and the working world that tore my self-image to pieces. I think I'm beautiful when it's on my own terms to decide how to present myself. When I'm trying to maintain my "human suit" (i.e., mainstream femininity), I'm miserable and feel like the most hideous, undesirable monster. Ugh.

...And that's without the added stress of all the other feminine expectations about being organised and thoughtful and placing others' needs before your own, etc. Weirdly, one of my coping mechanisms for my ADHD before I was diagnosed was obsessive multitasking and creating order. I went HAM over designing a spreadsheet for our finances and I would be distractingly concerned over my makeup of I didn’t do it properly at the beginning of my day.

Now that I have treatment and medication, I’ve relaxed a LOT. I don’t do my makeup anymore, it’s okay for the house to be a little cluttered, and my anxiety has all but disappeared.

I guess it’s all in how your ADHD manifests itself!  I actually colour coded my notes. Changing pens helped me stay focused longer.
Also different coloured flashcards. I recommend it.  I just don’t. At 38 with three kids, I don’t even care anymore.  My wife has ADHD, no diagnosis, but I have it and see a lot of the signs and a friend who is an emeritus professor of Psychology says she is just H.  Anyway she wouldn't be thought of as a girly girl either.  Don't beat yourself up over this.  Stupid societal definitions if you ask me.  Some think these societal ideations are causing a lot of pain in boys who are thought of as not being men if they cry. Pretty sure this thread is going to be self-fulfilling since only people who relate to this are going to respond....I'm sure there are plenty of ADD women who are more traditionally femme even if they're not obsessed with organizers (side note, when did being anal retentive become conflated with being "girly"?) [deleted] Lol...sister city. Toronto I have ADHD and PCOS, so I totally get it.  Being trans isn't simply "I don't like my genders stereotypes", it's much deeper. I can obviously not tell you what you are, but I'm happy for you that you know there's many ways to be a woman, and of course many ways of being a man.

I've never felt I've been either very feminine or masculin, but in my case those things aren't related to ADHD. I have always felt like not enough of a woman but never thought it was an add thing. More and more I feel like I just don't fit as a human. I have always been a huge disappointment to my mother (who is the world's shiniest girly-girl)  I don't do makeup.. I don't know how. I would like to know how, but then I wouldn't feel confident.  My hobbies and interests and abilities span the gamut but are technically oriented. I can fix anything, and I enjoy taking things apart and I love helping people. But all my life people tell me they thought I was a lesbian. Which I find hurtful to me and insulting to basically everyone else. I am not, but maybe I am. I have always believed that sexuality and gender exist on a spectrum and it can change at any time. 

So obviously people notice, but as someone said in the thread, the older you get the fewer fucks you have left.   This might be more of a gender identity versus mental illness thing I'm ADHD and always got along better with boys growing up, preferred hanging out with boys, was into boy things, etc.

Part of it I think is that """""boy"""""" things tend to be more copacetic with ADHD 

But also I still continue to identify as genderfluid and experience dysphoria contextually  Quite an amusing paradox there. As a man it makes me so overly aggressive I can't argue without fighting. [deleted] Same here. Could not figure out why other girls weren’t climbing the jungle gym in recess in... 5th grade. They wasn’t to socialize?!  I wanted to swing and run and play soccer and climb trees.  I was the girl who played with the gross tadpoles and climbed (and got stuck up in trees) in elementary school.  When I got bored with running around and getting dirty, I got into video games.   I'm one of those girls too. When I was a kid I hated dresses and 'girly colours' but would be forced to wear them despite me crying and being embarrassed that I would be seen as a girly girl. Done a lot of climbing trees, catching frogs, and hating gossip in my life. Hi fellow tomboy. I've recently bought a shirt from androgynous fox that has 'Tombae' on the front 😎😎 I think I'm mostly feminine now but I was definitely a tomboy for a while there. I started out as a total tomboy but I was also kinda artsy. When I started making my own money in high school I found clothing/style was a fantastic creative outlet and my confidence grew when I had control over my appearance. Now I'm both- I hike and look for bugs and snakes, but I'm also pretty feminine. Also, thrifting is wonderful on the ADHD brain :) I was a girly girl, loved glitter, dancing, dolls, everything nice (damn, this sounds like the power puff girks intro)  
I was a quiet kid, a dreamer.  
Later on I became more artsy, and now I'm more of a practical gal, mens jeans, my hair in a messy braid or bun, no make up or anothing that's too much of a hassle.  Me to a tee! I married someone worse than me, so I don't feel so bad about being lame. Couple dynamics are funny, though. My husband doesn't remember, but I could swear when he was living with a roommate, he was the picky one who would gripe about his roommate not putting things away properly or whatever. Moves in with me, and suddenly he's incapable of remembering anything he has to do or where anything belongs. It's chaos, pure chaos. I'm a mom with ADHD and loose my things constantly. Regardless of this I am still the house manager. I know everyone's plans and I know where there stuff is and all the little things that come with it (like knowing what my kids current clothing/shoe size). Don't ask me how I was able to manage it. It's pure survival. But for my plans and my stuff I need complex coping systems in place. 

My husband shows signs of ADHD, but not as sever as mine. In his house he was socialized to do nothing for himself. His mom did everything, everything and still does. His dad is the laziest person I know. My brother grew up in a house where we all contribute to chores. He's good with them. It has cause so much strife for us. *shakes fist in air* Right??? I don’t think I could take that role. Men and their expectations of us... I always feel like they meet us & pigeonhole us into their bs manic pixie dream girl fantasy. They think we're cute & quirky & fun at first, but it all falls apart when they figure out that NO DUMMY, I have a DISORDER called ADHD that makes me like this, and it's a real thing, and it's a very real challenge for me and those close to me. I'm not going to wake up one morning and suddenly be organized and focused despite your constant nagging me to do so. Reminds me of a Myq Kaplan standup joke:

>I was living with a woman at one point, and we didn’t *subscribe* to your *traditional gender roles* where like, the man *fixes things* and the woman *cleans* things.  
...So we lived in a broken, dirty house. > This tends to not go so well for women with ADHD.

So much so that we’re easy targets for covert abuse :( You might enjoy reading more about 'emotional labour' and how it interacts with the expected role of Executive Function.  Haha! In my relationship I actually am good at that because of my ADHD. I already have to have everything organized and planned so my life doesn't fall apart. So I just naturally take care of stuff like that.

My boyfriend does do some stuff though, and I'm not expected to do it. I just am good at it.

And when I forget where I put my phone he knows exactly where my normal spots are and finds it. So I luckily found a good balance.

Society's expectations of couple dynamics are bullshit though. There's plenty of other ways we break the mold As a straight guy with ADHD...I can only pray my future SO is a better household manager than me. I'll contribute effort with every fiber of my being, but, that likely won't be enough to run a fully functioning household lol. 

OH PLEASE SOMEONE BE MY SEXY HOUSEHOLD MANAGER! I'LL DO ALL THE DIRTY STUFF JUST TELL ME WHAT TO DO! I married someone organised so he does a lot of this. It is crazy how much of it still falls to me, and falls apart because it doesn't get done.

I mean, it ensures we have SOME semblance of more equality than most people have but the 'wifework' is largely invisible. We had a role-reversal with this in my household.  Both of us worked, but I did ALL the cooking, a lot of the cleaning, and did my fair share taking care of the children.  

I guess in a lot of families, the woman does all of the household everything, and when the man gets home he sits on the couch and watches TV until his dinner is prepared for him?  Also, I was incapable of bills and stuff, so my ex-wife made the financial decisions.  Truth My boyfriend has ADHD and at one point in our lifes I was the career driven one.  He would stay at home and clean the house, cook our meals and even pack my lunch. He was in charge of all the chores in the house except for laundry (I'm picky).  Sure there were some days when I would come home and some things werent done but I never had a negative reaction to it. He gets distracted and it's understandable. 

Its fully possible to have ADHD and do these tasks, what we ended up doing was make it into a game, something that wasnt just "a chore" this way it was more entertaining.  this is interesting to consider, the stereotypical male in a couple is actually considered to have below-average executive skills when you think about it. Yes so much this! Exhausting :/ Capsule wardrobes and a low maintenance haircut seem to be key. I've had luck when I go to the hairdresser and say I do not care what style you pick, but I have no time or energy in the mornings, I want you to choose something that I can wake up and go, that suits my face. Short is absolutely fine. That's when I've ended up with hair I look back at and say that's cute. Some ideas: My adhd mother lays out her outfits for the week the Sunday before the workweek and always looks amazing.

Also simplifying your makeup routine if you haven't already is SUPER helpful.

If you have curly hair you can't style without 10 hours of flat ironing, Japanese thermal straightening and/or keratin is a lifesaver. Capsule wardrobes and daily uniforms for the win. I invested in a few clothes that are built to last and are my style. (Tradlands for tops & button up/Everlane for jeans and knits) I don't have to think about it day in and day out. Grab and go. All my clothes fit in two [Hanging Closet Organizers](https://goo.gl/images/pj4F3J). (It could be one if I didn't live in the cold tundra that swelters in the summer.) The only problem I run into, remembering not to put most items in the dryer. *face palm* Yeah I’m a guy and I’m that way with just general shit. I’d love to have a bunch of organized and laid out schedules and a cleaned up home/property but at the end of the day I don’t give enough of a shit to focus as hard as I’d need to to prioritize these things, I have enough trouble staying focused on the things that do captivate me and these things don’t concern me enough to try to make into a reality, though I could of course stand to have some of these things be improved just to provide me with a better standard of executive functioning than I do now Minus being married to someone in the military, your whole first paragraph was me. Especially the part about not being great with taking showers. Medication has made me better but I used to get in trouble all of the time growing up because *little girls are supposed to be clean.* and if I kept being such a lazy pig, no man would want me when I got older.

~~Brb, gonna go cry a little.~~ Thank you for sharing. Your comment was incredibly affirming. OMG are you me? I was lucky enough to get diagnosed in middle school but I had the same struggles socializing. I think I'm pretty funny and when I'm around my friends, SO, and other people who get me I can be the clown in the room. But especially back in middle/high school sometimes I'd make a joke and the people around would just look at me like I was speaking a foreign language or something. I never did any offensive or out there ones either, it was mostly just puns and things... Since then I've tried harder to find people who "get me." I've gotten better about arguing with my profs, too. Ya! Coordination! And time! I knew women who would spend so much of their precious weekend time on their appearance. When I travelled in Texas (Canadian), the women were seriously all turned out, every day.  I see what you mean. I'm bi too and went through several phases of trying to be feminine, failing, make-up, forgetting about it, being the ultimate tomboy but with the longest hair because going to the hairdresser is *too much*, etc.

I guess even when we *feel* female gendered, some of the symptoms of ADHD will make us more gender neutral than the norm. Adding bisexuality only muddies the water. I remember thinking I was strange or warped or something for feeling like a boy but liking being a girl and sometimes the other way around and then *liking other girls* **what's up with that???** but BOYS amirite? Strange times.

PS: you are having some bad days, bit don't worry, you're cool, it's cool, your brain needs a break. I have gray days too like when I'm in between "interests" and can't focus on anything distracting. I hope you get better in the following days. I strongly relate to this. 
A lot of my friends and family thought (and probably still think) I was gay because I had “boy” interests, had a lot of guy friends and wasn’t constantly trying to find or suffering over boyfriends. I’ve always known I wasn’t gay, I just wasn’t invested in other things.  That first paragraph is me to a T. I love makeup and clothes and skincare, plus I can be very stereotypically overemotional. However, I’m a messy fuck and I, too, had a bad habit of debating authority whenever I had the chance. Weirdly I think my medication helped? My dad pointed out that I stopped trying to get into heated debates with him Oh hey I studied singing too haha. (See username.)
There’s this particularly intense kind of feminity expected of sopranos, I think. That’s partly why I fought so hard to stay a mezzo even though I’m obviously a lyric soprano. Maybe it's cause so much of what we consider womanhood is wrapped up in a performative femininity that you didn't relate to, and over time you've started seeing the other aspects to womanhood that are less socially emphasized.  I see where you're coming from. Haha same. In the winter. In Chicago. Oh man.. I'm so sorry you were treated that way, that is horribly unprofessional of the teacher.

You are awesome the way you are. Your handwriting does not reflect on your character. I'm glad you're embracing the weird, it makes life more interesting!

My teacher in grade 5-7 thought I was being willfully lazy and not practicing my handwriting enough because mine was pretty bad, and I even got detentions or missed out on class treats because of it. Once I left her class, I completely refused to write in cursive.. a kind of flowing printing is a lot easier for me. Also, I became a software developer and rarely have to write by hand =P. I had a long distance relationship once, pre email(!) and would write really long letters to my boyfriend, kind of like a diary so I’d be picking it up and adding to it before I posted it. He said it was like reading a letter written by several different people as my handwriting changed so much in the course of the letter. I absolutely hated washing and brushing my hair, even though objectively it doesn't even take that long. But now I have short hair so it only get styled when I get a hair cut.

I wear earrings for days on end then swap them for another pair, putting on new jewelry every day is so much effort even though it's not.

Also you get up horrendously early and I think most people without adhd would struggle to put make up on that early in the morning.  FWIW I wear the same necklace every day because it never comes off.  Ya, i've indeed felt that my career troubles brought my masculinity into question.  When meeting new people, and they ask what i do for work, i want to just turn 180 and leave right there. Now my own ADHD head is spinning. :) My youngest is a trans boy. I think. I'm confused now, hence the spinning. *She* was a socially awkward, mile a minute, gregarious, flaxen haired girl. Into girly things, and getting dirty alike. She didn't have friends. She had some skin problems and has permanent under eye darkness, and never felt "pretty".  

One day she announced she was a boy. He eschewed all things "girl" as if they were poison, for a while. Now though, the interest in "girl" things is creeping back. He now has friends, who are girls. They do typical middle school girl things. He likes boys (not that that indicates gender), hides in the bathroom to apply makeup, but never wears it, and occasionally wears girls clothes that are gender neutral. 

At first, while reading this thread, I thought maybe *her* ADHD is making her feel like she wasn't a girl because she doesn't do feminine things "right". After your comment, I wonder if he hasn't the same issue with masculine things. Maybe your last sentence applies to him, as a boy. Or he's gender fluid. Spinning!  

I hope I haven't inadvertently been offensive. If so, I apologize. My thoughts often make perfect sense to me but come out wrong. Wow your perspective is incredibly interesting, thanks for sharing. Same. I ended up learning how to make clip-in hair extensions because my hair always looked like shit. LOL. With the extensions good hair days are actually an option.  Okay, I'm a trans man and let me do some mythbusting in here. 
I never struggled to meet the level of femininity expected of me growing up. I was encouraged by my parents to play sports. My mom didn't wear makeup so there wasn't any pressure from my parents for me to do so. I did, on occasion, because it was a fun means of self expression. I liked wearing outlandish colors of nail polish and I wore my hair long, and as a teenager didn't really struggle to maintain it the way some people here describe. (And I've since grown my hair back out and started painting my nails again, because there's nothing wrong with enjoying things that society codes as feminine). I thought I was a butch lesbian for a while. (I'm actually bi.) But it didn't matter how I expressed my gender, the problem was that I was fundamentally uncomfortable with my body the way it was. It wasn't society and it's bullshit gender expectations, it's when I'm drifting to sleep and some deep piece of my brain starts screaming that my body is wrong. 
I don't have that problem any more. I'm happy and comfortable in my body after medically transitioning. I was very pleasantly surprised when testosterone cured my depression. And I'd tried a lot of things before that to solve the depression thing, and nothing worked.
I regret not transitioning sooner. To spend a decade of my life as depressed as I was... It just feels like a lot of time wasted. And it messed up everything I wanted to do with my life since I was too severely depressed through middle and high school to even figure out that I had ADHD. And that's when I should have been learning how to deal with that when instead I was just struggling to stay alive. I'm 29 in a couple weeks. My GPA is too far gone for grad school, but I'm at least supposed to graduate this semester. I'll never get my teens and my early 20s back. I wanted to be an astrophysicist, and aptitude is not my issue. Happiness isn't a consolation prize but it kind of feels like one sometimes.

No, I'm not trans because I can't do femininity and I've mistakenly conflated that with being a woman, I'm trans because my brain expects me to have a male body.

(Interestingly, there's quite a few trans women who are neurodivergent too.) Same here.  "Neurodiverse". God what a horrid term, makes my blood boil. Very well written. 

Your post made me think of [this article](https://english.emmaclit.com/2017/05/20/you-shouldve-asked/).  Baby showers are worth avoiding. 

Those GAMES. UGH OMG. YES!!!

I’m 50, but this is still me. The obnoxious feeling doesn’t really change. Lol Remember, the term “hot mess” still has the word “hot” in it. :)

And also remember, there are now lots of removable picture mounts at the store that probably work on drywall. I think. 

Both of these comments mean to say “remember to be kind to yourself”. It’s not always easy for us ADHDers.  This exactly!! I was going to post my own reply but Ill put it here. I've always been extremely feminine. Even as a kid, my life was a mess, I couldn't pay attention to anything, but color coding notes calmed me down, doing my makeup was something I could hyper focus on, and In high school getting up early to get ready was the only consistent routine I could establish. However, I never got on with girls in class or socially in general. ADHD manifests so differently in each person. Im really sorry yours has manifested in a way that has made you question your identity, but like so many people above have said fuck gender stereotypes and norms. We all just need to figure out a way to function in this world with our weird, overly stimulated brains, and if you can do so and still be happy thats really what should matter. I hope you find that. 
 Yeah I'm super girly. I loved frilly dresses and socializing and makeup and doing my hair. And I love organizing. In school I've always had colour-coded notebooks and folders, my notes and hand writing are neat, I write in colourful pens and highlight everything. I suck at staying organized, but I love planning organization methods. My favourite store is Staples and when I was a kid, I would go to the school supplies aisle before the toy aisle at stores. And yet I still have ADHD. [removed] It doesn’t seem like she is using this post to express concern over whether or not she is attractive to men. In my thirties now and still prefer climbing things, to socializing. Guess that’s why I became a rock climber :) Could be that in his last place he was the one that organized it so that things made sense to him and his room mate moving things around messed with his system.

When you say "moved in with me" it sounds like he moved into your place, a place where everything was already ordered in a way that made sense to you. Maybe that's why he's having problems? Maybe explaining how you think about your organization could help?

It could also be that he knows you got his back so he doesn't have to remember everything. This can be good or bad depending on how you feel about it. It probably eases his mental load but if you feel it taxes you too much it might be good to share that with him. Maybe offer to help him with organization. For example if you have a time where you go over your calendar, invite him to do the same.  same here ... I would never be able to do this, and... looking back at my mother, how she failed at this trying to magane 5 kids and never being in top of things... I think I’ll pass on this one Just be mindful of the expectations you put on yourself as well ;)

Many women expect that guys expect this. Some might, but, who cares about them? Yeah.  It's Men's fault.....  Let's talk about women's expectations of men. Yeah tell me about it. I’m in one of those relationships now. Question, what does keratin do for hair? Aw damn, right in the (I know those) feels. Big hugs. Aw. Hugs. I think the shower thing is something a lot of us struggle with. It's easy to get distracted and think you're going to take one later... and then you don't.

Plus when I take one half the time I forget if I already put on conditioner or not. lol I grew up in Texas, and I still don’t get it... On the upside, in “Chicaga” it doesn’t stay wet long...it freezes. :) My husband and I do the same thing! Every year or two, the leather on one of them breaks, and there's lots of complaining until I buy 10 yards of leather cord to replace it... and then promptly lose the remaining amount, so it's gone by the time the next break happens. Gender isn't fixed, it changes and evolves and since they're entering puberty everything is really crazy. 

Tell them you'll love them no matter their gender expression. And allow them to be themselves no matter how they feel. It very much went both ways for me.  I felt as incapable of doing masculine things right as I was of being feminine.  

One thing I will say though, is try not to keep saying "I'll love you no matter who you are".  It comes from the right place, but what we as trans people tend to hear is closer to "I don't think your gender is very important, but have fun exploring it, I love you anyway", and someone struggling with their gender finds it *very* important.

"I love you so much" is better than "I love you no matter what"
 And yes, I do have some color coding in my class notes. Some of the diagrams in notes for my math classes would be unreadable otherwise. Hey, I love your reply. I'm AFAB non binary/trans and while I relate to some of what other people have been saying in this post, I know that ultimately my gender identity is totally separate from gender roles I may or may not conform to due to my ADHD. (Edit: and there are also gender roles and expression that I might do more consciously *because* of my gender identity). Though the two things interact sometimes, like my performance at school not always being the best both because I just can't focus and also because I don't fit in gender-wise. I've also been dealing with some anxiety and depression and since I started ADHD medication it's improved a little, but it mostly stems from gender dysphoria. I'm still in the limbo of not being out to anyone and figuring out if/how to go about transitioning.   Good bot. We moved into an apartment together, so it wasn't that. We've been married for nearly thirty years at this point, so we've pretty much settled in for better or worse. I think he may have felt frustrated with his roommate, but I think he does have a weakness in being aware of his surroundings, so if he's not focusing on something, he doesn't see it. He has a poor memory for location. This leads to absent-minded behavior like putting things away in odd places and walking away from tools instead of putting them away. We tend to complement each other's weaknesses, so I frequently am able to help him find his wallet, glasses, etc. when he's forgotten where he put them. I have a lot of the classic ADHD issues, but forgetting where things are isn't one of them. I see what you're saying about easing his mental load, and that is pretty much what he's trying to do, even at the risk of making me think he's a bit of an idiot. However, when it comes to things I have trouble understanding, like estate planning, I do the same thing to him. *Ack. Estate planning.*

That said, I have heard from couples both gay and straight that find that once they're living together, one of them becomes the default housekeeper who carries the major burden, while the other has to be prodded and nagged into doing his/her part. It's one of those things that can be a dealbreaker if it doesn't get worked out. Girl a believe in you, go get yourself some better I meant a Brazilian keratin treatment.  It tames the frizz and makes it way easier to flatiron (think 1 hour reduced to 15 minutes) and/or otherwise style your hair.   On the shower thing, I have completely switched over to baths. I moved into this house four years ago with this amazing big garden tub, and I've made my nightly bath my relaxation outlet. I take a book or my iPad(Netflix) in there, glass of wine. I look forward to it. Mine's on a sterling silver chain. It broke after like 5 years and then I got it repaired and it's lasted another 6 now. I'd never be able to keep track of something like leather cord for a few years though...I do well to keep the important stuff. :)  >Gender isn't fixed, it changes and evolves and since they're entering puberty everything is really crazy.

This has been my thought since the announcement. Puberty is rough, and the body changes really upset her when they began.  

>Tell them you'll love them no matter their gender expression. And allow them to be themselves no matter how they feel.

100%! I just go with the flow. I've told him I support him regardless, because I love him no matter what. (He has me buying pink flannel shirts from Old Navy right now. Big sale online. Haha!) I have to run block from a hateful dad, but the school has been amazingly supportive and I'm so grateful for that. yeah this is me (and I think my sister). If my sister forgets where something is supposed to go in the fridge, my mom will shove my sister's head into the glass rows inside the fridge, "do you not fucking remember where this is supposed to go, you little bitch??", etc.

My mom gets so pissed off about my sister and I not knowing where everything is in the house that she will rage for hours > some better

I love this so much. Hmm, okay. I will be looking in to this!  Yikes. Your mom has some issues. Blood is thicker than water. People always say "you can do better" so go out and find the better what 