Between noisy classmates and people making fun of my notes, I feel completely demotivated This is going to be a rant

Since the new semester started I've been taking my first AP class. While I'm a good student this feels like a step up for me and I am trying my hardest to stay on top of things. 
 
However, there is a very distracting and loud group of people in my class who make it impossible to focus during work time. I've tried talking to my teacher, bringing in noise-canceling headphones, and sitting outside but I could still hear them each time. The teacher does not understand how much the noise negatively affects my concentration and mood even though I've talked to her about it (and I have a note on my 504 plan about it). So today I went to my counselor and I have to move to a completely different part of the school to get work done now. I find this solution annoying but it'll probably be better for me in the long run.  

One of the ways I am trying to stay on top of things is writing notes on my laptop and then rewriting them into a notebook in my free time. As of now, I am rewriting all of my vocab and simplifying it. I shared my color-coded notes in a study server that I am in and multiple people laughed and asked why I was "writing with crayons". (I don't have highlighters because I've lost them all so I was using colored pencil) They also told me that my notes are childish and should be better for my grade. I've struggled with taking notes for all of high school so I don't have much practice with notes. I was ready to get working when I sat down and opened my laptop but seeing those messages making fun of my work makes me feel terrible. 

I don't know how coherent this sounds as my meds have worn off so I'm a bit scatterbrained at the moment. All of these things happened today within a few hours of each other and I don't have any motivation to work anymore. I hope tomorrow will be better

TL:DR Noisy kids make it so I can't do work and the school's solution is to have me move across the building to work & people made fun of my vocab notes  As for your notes, they’re YOUR notes to help YOU. However you take them is of no concern to other people, so I wouldn’t sweat it. 

I know it’s hard to just let go but those people’s opinion doesn’t matter because you’re not writing notes for them!  Color coding notes is one of the best ways to organize them. I usually had a bunch of different color pens and each had a different purpose. Main topic, detail, definition, key words, etc.

You do what makes sense for you! I have literally had to stop even trying to understand why people are such dirtbags.  I actually find comfort in not understanding it or knowing why they do it because if I did, I’d be thinking like them. That aside, don’t let others dictate how you help yourself ( easier said than done. I know). If you are wanting to try and up your notes game, have you tried visual note taking?  There are actually lots of tutorials on it now, but when I was in school, I was doing it and didn’t even realize. Lol.  I am a doodler.  I mean, I doodled A LOT! I’m not a super stellar artist, but when I tried to take notes I’d just wander off in my doodles. Then it dawned on me that I could just doodle about what I was supposed to be taking notes on. Not only was it more visually appealing to me ( who, lets be honest is who I was taking notes for. Not anyone else ;) but it kept me more engaged in the material. Look it up I you have a chance. I’m obviously not in school anymore, but I still use this technique for work meetings and other things I learn as hobbies., so it may serve you well beyond your school years. 

Edit to add link: https://youtu.be/oNQJReku9Gw 

I like this video cuz it is great at describing ways to use visual note taking even if you aren’t great at drawing ( like me ;)  That stinks that your teacher won't quiet those other kids down more so you can work in class instead of having to leave class just to do your work. Also, I always color code my notes and by the time I'm done it looks like a unicorn threw up on my notebook but it works for me. I won't tell you to just not let their teasing get to you because I know that won't do anything and you won't be able to let it go. But I will say not to change what you are doing because of them because if it is working for you then that is all that matters. I remember when I was taking AP Biology I used to take notes in a notebook during class, type them up on my computer during lunch and color code them and make charts, graphs, etc. Then when I got home I would use a bunch of different colored pens and write my notes out again in a separate notebook. I knew people would make fun of me for it but I did it anyway because I am terrible at Biology and yet by doing this I finished the class with the highest grade and never had to study for a test because this method was better than studying for me. People made fun of me for it when they would see my notebook and it got to me then, but all I remember now is totally crushing it and outscoring those losers on every exam even though I had ADHD, wasn't on any medication, hated biology, and could never pay attention in class. Hopefully, my success will motivate you to just keep doing what you're doing because if it's working then screw them and their simplemindedness you don't need it. Best of luck! I'm rooting for you Hope this cheers you up a bit:

https://youtu.be/ohBQ59OXnYM?t=59

(just be oblivious like I am when I'm hearing "them all" instead of "it all" lmao)




This is me now trying to adult with some reasonable words. It literally doesn't matter how you learn if it is what works best for you and gets results, that doesn't make you stupid. Means you're way more creative and proactive about doing well. Stupid is when you call someone else stupid for making their own life easier (those other kids) Do you have a Tumblr? If so you should check out some studyblrs- a lot of them re-write notes in all kinds of colors and they're so much more fun to look at! 

Screw those kids. You're not doing this for anyone else but you. Best of luck!  Good grief, you share your notes with people to potentially help someone out, and they go and insult you for it? That’s incredibly assholeish of them, and also just immature, too. Your notes should be better for your grade, they say? Well, that’s rich, given how childish their *personalities* are. 

It sounds like you’re putting a lot of work into getting the most out of your education, so kudos to you for that! And colour-coding is great; I still do it all the time myself as an adult. Taking good notes takes practice, but you’re in high school to learn, so you’re in the perfect position to improve.

Best of luck with your class!

 I'm trying to let go, but I will admit it made me feel really stupid. I'm trying to use this as fuel to make my notes kick ass but right now I feel a bit too down to attempt to study. Thanks for your kind words though! I don’t think this method of note taking will work well for my current class, but I when I was looking at the video I kept thinking about how helpful this would have been in science classes! I’ve never heard of this type of note taking so thank you for the suggestion  Reading this did make me cheer up a bit! Thank you for taking the time to share your story and inspire me :) Lol that video! Your reasonable words helped cheer me up a bit! Thanks for that :D I do have a tumblr, but I don’t think using notes that other wrote would work well for me. Thank you for the suggestion though! <3 Thanks I am trying really hard and I think that’s why the comments hurt so bad. (I will admit the first paragraph made me laugh probably a bit too much) Oh, I meant you could check them out and maybe get some inspiration! A lot of them stick to color schemes and things, it's pretty neat. Oh I’m sorry for miss understanding! That’s a really good suggestion thank you! 