How do you sit still during long games or movies? Some of my friends have started to notice that I get fidgety and restless during long games and movies. I've been told that it makes me come off as uninterested and bored - like I don't want to be there. I don't really get this way when we're up and moving around, doing something I'm REALLY invested in, or doing something with a lot of variety, but when it comes to sitting through long movies or games I just get bored and restless. 

I've talked to some people about my ADHD (i.e. that it really affects my entire life), and some are understanding but some.... I don't think they think it's real. But I digress.

**Tl;dr: What are some strategies you have for sitting through long movies, games, etc.** I used to always do something else at the same time. I would doodle, color in a coloring book(grown-up ones are super popular right now) Maybe take up knitting..? At first all you'll be able to do is knit and look at what you're doing, but my friends who are knitting fiends can easily watch TV while they knit or chat or whatever. 
For games... maybe just announce that you need to get up a move a little? I'm super inattentive, and when I zone out, I've started to interrupt the person talking to me and full-on announcing that I've stopped listening and need them to repeat what they just said. It's going well so far, especially once people get past the initial reaction of thinking I'm being super snarky. So maybe the same kind of strategy would work for you? At a theater,  if it's not something I'm entirely interested in, popcorn seems to help. It gives me something to do, even if it's ridiculously salty and greasy. 

Since my partner and I are both adhd, watching things at home is a bit chaotic. We usually recognize an actor and go on this long Google journey of where he's from, what movies the director wrote, how much it cost, etc, with only 15 mins in. When we're both super into it, we barely take a break to pee. And if it's mixed, we'll were usually grumbling at the other for not watching. 

I'm not a sports fan, so I can't offer any advice. When I've been forced to go to games, I usually spend my time getting concessions or staring at the people on the field who aren't playing.

If a quiet hobby isn't an option or you're just especially uncomfortable in certain activities, just don't go. Don't sacrifice your well being for other people. 

Good luck, ignorant man who changed name to Trashboat. :p Crochetting! That I can do. Not a bad idea! I'll start trying it out. 