The past 60 minutes of my life: Oh hey, meds kicked in and I feel like a normal human person! I should do something productive! Curtains. I will hang the curtains in my office! They've been sitting by the door for a week!

Let's see, where is the box with my curta-- oh! I should see if there are any interesting Pokemon at my house!

No, no Pokemon, curtains.

Opened the box! What a pretty color! I'll just set it aside for a second to collapse the shipping box and -- wait, why am I browsing Spotify on the TV? I'm not going to be sitting here long enough to enjoy music, I need to go upstairs to hang the curtains.

Unzip the plastic bag containing the curtains, remove curtains -- they're so soft! I'm gonna rub my face on them! I'm gonna rub my cat's face on them! I'm gonna pet my cat! Oops, I just spent five minutes playing with the cat. Back to curtains!

Go to the garage to get the electric screwdriver so I can install the curtain rods. Wait, the curtain rods! I need those!

Oh! I should see if there are any interesting Pokemon at my house while I'm walking back to the curtains!

Damn it, no. Put the phone in a drawer in the kitchen, you don't need it for this.

Go back to the front room, get the package, sit down to open them -- wait, where did my keys go? I used them to open the last package. Oh, there they are, with my little Disney keychain on them! I wonder if the Disney store is having any good sales? 

Wait, I was supposed to be doing something. Curtains! Ah crap I just lost 30 minutes to browsing for shit I don't need. Get it together, woman!

Open the box for the curtain rods, collapse the box, put the rods with the curtains. Remember that I forgot to get the screwdriver. Go to the garage, rummage around -- oh hey! I was looking for this box of stuff! Yay! I'm going to sit on the floor and look through it!

Damn it, woman, you just lost another 10 minutes.

FOR SERIOUS, NOW, THE DAMN CURTAINS.

Find the screwdriver, sit back down on the sofa to make sure I have all the hardware to install the rod -- hey, I'm hungry. Ohhhh I saw this nifty pie on r/food, I'm gonna make that!

Bustle around in the kitchen, get all the ingredients out, get out the stand mixer -- wait a minute, I'm fat and trying to lose weight. I shouldn't make a damn pie.

Put everything away.

Remember I was going to put up the curtains.

Wonder where I put my phone because I can't find it.

Sigh and eat a protein bar because I used all of my zoom on random crap and now I feel like one of those inflatable flailing tube men who's slowly losing air and flopping over.

Oh hey! I should share my ADHD crap with reddit!

And here I am. :P MY LIFEEEEEEE Can relate way to hard. Do you often end up wandering around the house with handsfull of stuff that you’re going to put awaysomeplace but then you start doing something else, and later on you can’t figure out why some simple task is suddenly so difficult and it finally occurrs to you that it’s because you’re trying to do it with two fists full of random crap in your hands? Sounds like great progress. What kind of pie was it? ....no. I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't just put down a handful of cat toys and pens and gardening supplies because I was cleaning up my living room and then had an idea I wanted to write down and then remembered I needed to prune my basil plants and I found myself walking in circles because I realized I was trying to do everything at once.

Nope. Totally unrelatable. https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/97tu15/homemade_mustikkapirakka

This pie! Doesn't it look amazing? 