How have you dealt with the struggle of keeping up routines? Just curious if anyone else here has struggled keeping up a routine on a consistent basis. I can't tell you how many times that I've stated that I was going to do better this semester set myself up for success and then failed miserably to stick the the routine set for myself. If anyone has actually created a routine and stuck with it, any tips? Routines suck. Just make a to do list in black pen and then when the list is finished, color code each item using 3 colors (Blue, Green, and Orange). Blue items are priority. They need to get finished ASAP. Green items are also important. You can work on them before you finish all the blue items but try your best to focus on the blue items first whenever possible. Orange items are bonus tasks. Do them if you want to but you dont have to. (I usually put my super long boring tasks on the orange list if they are not urgent)

Pro Tip: Set at least one easy/fun task as a blue item so that you can get a quick burst from checking off a priority item

At the end of the day, if you get all of the blue items done, give yourself a treat. If you get through all of both the green and the blue items, give yourself another treat. If you get through all three colors, reward yourself really well :) I struggle every day/week/month with routines. Class schedules, work schedules, stuff around the house, etc. 

So I try to mix things I like with things I don’t like. For example, I don’t like to take vitamins/supplements even though I need to. I do like to drink tons of coffee. So to stop myself from forgetting to take the vitamins/supplements, I made a special place on the kitchen counter for them, right next to my coffee maker. That way I can take them while I wait for the delicious coffee. 

Another thing I like to do is go to the gym, which is another routine I can easily stick it, and in between my lifts I like to organize the boring parts of my day. I like to set alarms in my phone, calendar reminders, send text messages to myself, send emails to myself, or whatever I can think of. Since I tend to forget about whatever boring stuff I need to remember, I’ll eventually see the unread text or unread email or reminder and remember what my tasks are. Sometimes my phone makes more noise than a slot machine, but that’s ok because it gets my attention. 

I feel like if I don’t bombard myself with visual/auditory reminders then I won’t even remember what to procrastinate on.  yes this is exactly where i am. 