I’ve stopped using my meds and I have no idea how to study or focus on the lesson. I am not taking my pills because my mom doesnt want me to so I wanna save the box I have for exam time but I am so not focused I don’t understand anything and I am not really a person who is good at studying. How can I focus better or study in an efficient way. Try to find a study buddy, so you can engage in conversation about it and play games. For me before I was medicated I got through classes by taking my notes in various colors of pen. It gave me enough stimulation by writing in different colors while also keeping me focused on the in-class lessons. For studying, I would go someplace quiet and alone, put my phone on do not disturb, and then study for 20 minutes straight with a 5 minute break in between each 20 minutes. 

As for the medication, maybe talk to your mother about the struggles you face being unmedicated. In the long run, if medication helps you then theres no reason you shouldn't be able to take it everyday. I almost failed my first semester at university when I tried to go off my medication, some of us just aren't able to live functionally with unmedicated ADHD.  Oh boy, I stopped due to some family pressure for a while.

Are you able to drive etc. on your own? If you can, go to the doc yourself to get your prescription and find a way to get some money on the side (if you're willing to do some boring work for money to have more control over your life, you can transcribe audio at Rev.com, though I gotta admit its *really* boring and hard to motivate yourself) At a certain point it needs to be your decision, not hers. As a 25 year old still spinning his tires in the mud because his family was more concerned with what *they* thought was right for him rather than what he actually liked/functioned well with, learn to take control sooner rather than later. 

After 7-8 years of ADHD medicine abstinence, I have started again only this year and for the first time in so long I feel like I may actually escape the depression I've been battling and finally be able to be my own functional part of society. back in HS before I was doing meds regularly I just studied the morning of the test or in study hall beforehand. Its difficult to explain but its just much easier to concentrate in those situations. studying at night by myself felt like a lost cause.  Go wreck the family car, then see if she blinks. :-) well most of my classmates hates studying with me because well,,, and i cant study with other people as im studying a different curriculum  well as i am 15 i cant drive but the place i went to is really close to my house. other than that my sister is a therapist so she can help me too. i havent been using mine for like 6 months but i cant even do basic things so it does make me kinda depressed :/ I did that when even before i got diagnosed and it helps you during the exam but after a while i forget the subject. This doesnt really help especially with math  You should ask your mom to study with you! That way she can get a closer look at what's going on. It doesn't have to be someone knowledgable on the topic to help you study.  I recently started depression medication because of how bad my ADHD made me depressed; not feeling like you can accomplish things will really wear you down. Since you have your sister as a channel I'd talk to her about how you need help getting your meds and how they help you not just to study but with your mental health. dont see why remembering things for the test is a problem. reteaching yourself something a second time later takes way less time. math was the one subject I actually could concentrate in so idk about that. glance over some example problems. she already knows im struggling,,, she just thinks my medication will have bad side effects  I've been on adderall for a very long time and of course there are "bad" side effects, but it's not nearly as bad as not getting an education.  well the thing is i dont use adderall. actually the medication i use isnt even that strong. It applies to all medications. It's important for parents to understand that.  well im trying to talk to her about it :/ 