My story, and also I need some advice I just finished my junior year of highschool, and during that year I began to believe I have some form of ADHD/ADD. My freshman and sophomore year I got good grades by doing everything at the absolute last minute, and it worked almost all of the time, I got As and Bs. My junior year I tried to do the same thing, and it did not work out at all. I took 4 AP classes and tried to do everything last minute and my grades really suffered. I can just feel myself not doing my work even though I know I really need to get it done. 

For example, I was up late working on a project that was due the next day, and at 1am I stopped working on it and decided to play fortnite until 2:30. It was awful and I didn’t get the project done and I felt absolutely awful about it and got half credit for the entire assignment which resulted in a C+ for the semester. I had these one page study guide for one of my easy classes and literally couldn’t even focus long enough to do that. I tried taking my phone and computer out of my room to see if I could reduce distractions. I ended up doing 2 math problems and then staring at a blank fucking wall thinking about anything but my work. I locked myself in my bathroom with only my textbook in order to try and study while crying over how disappointed I was in myself. 

I play two varsity sports and also club volleyball. I recently played in a big volleyball tournament with lots of division 1 college coaches. Harvard emailed me and said they were interested in me for volleyball. I told them I got a 1340 on the SAT and then the coach asked for my transcript. I didn’t want to send my transcript to him because I didn’t do that well at all my junior year. I hate myself for that, and I still haven’t emailed back the coach because I’m too embarrassed, it’s Harvard for God’s sake. 

Just recently, me and my mom and my dad (they’re divorced) had a meeting with my doctor about adhd and getting some meds for it. My doctor was super kind and supportive and suggested a 10mg dose of Ritalin or something like that. We had talked to him twice before about it. My dad was super angry after our meeting and sent my mom and I a really long and angry text about how he’s super against putting drugs in his son and said there are other alternatives. (He’s the mindfulness, healthy diet, CrossFit type guy). I feel like he just doesn’t understand all I’ve gone through. 

I need help. Advice on what to do. Anything. Thank you and sorry for the wall of text.

(TLDR have some problems with ADD/ADHD and need advice on what to do) When I was in high school I had a similar experience. My dad also did not believe in ADHD as a possible cause for how I had been feeling and preforming. I ended up not finding treatment until I was  23. I saw a therapist who diagnosed me with ADHD and helped me get treatment from a doctor and it truly changed my life for the better. I am 27 now still on meds and a much happier person. I had an honest conversation with my dad explaining why it had hurt me when I was younger that I wasn’t taken seriously when I came to him with the ADD thing. He was sincerely apologetic and admitted at the time he just didn’t understand. I think it’s easy to forget our parents are just people and they can also make mistakes and misjudge a situation. I guess what I’m trying to say is that you should do what’s best for you, and if medication is something you feel is important to help you be your best self then do it. I always struggled in school up until I finally had the confidence to seek help. I wish you luck!   I like to call the people who believe that you should only use behavioral and diet solutions to fix mental problems "natural masochists", because they seem to delight in hurting themselves for no good reason.  You can still do all the other stuff *and* take meds, heck, I've never been more hydrated than I am now, because the meds make that easier.  
  
  Not sure what your relationship with your dad is, but you might want to start to consider distancing yourself a bit more if this kind refusal to accept things that don't jive with his worldview even when there's lots of evidence and professional support-that kinda thing has a habit of affecting all but the most mundane interactions with someone.  
  
  As for advice on the school stuff, you sound like you're starting to crack.  AKA, the stress and varied requirements are starting to get to you, and you can't compensate fast enough to keep up.  Chances are, you're pretty sharp for it to have taken this long to seriously affect you, but it's going to get worse unless you work on both behavioral and medical counters to the way your brain reacts "naturally" (seriously, would your dad be opposed to someone using a wheelchair because it's not "natural"?  How about glasses?). 
  
  Speaking of your future and ADHD getting worse, I strongly, strongly, STRONGLY recommend a year off after high school.  Work, get an internship, go abroad, doesn't really matter as long as you are 1) figuring out a game plan for your ADHD, 2) giving your brain (which has a developmental disability) a little more time to catch up, and 3) getting better at honing life skills when you're not slammed with work and sports all the time.  
  
  Also regarding colleges, I would be very careful about going to any sort of Ivy or highly competitive school.  See, those kinds of places will push you so hard that being able to succeed has as much to do with luck (not having traumatic events happen, getting the right teachers at the right time, etc) as they do with intelligence and hard work.  A bad ADHD/anxiety flareup that you don't deal with?  BOOM!  Bad semester.  Depression because your body misses the structure of a high school routine?  Well, I hope you don't have any important projects that need to get done, cause those are going to be extra hard to finish at any level comparable to your classmates.  I'd recommend an easier school with good mental health resources and strong programs in your top three career possibilities.  Also, just wanted to point out one more thing: competitive school=EMPHASIS ON READING.  Unless it's an art or military school, the academic structure is all about being able to read insane amounts of text and pick out the important stuff in short amounts of time.  People with ADHD, no matter how smart, are notoriously bad at sitting still and reading the material, and when they do they often have trouble with retention.  That can absolutely fuck you up if you aren't careful and plan out your strategy in advance.  
  
  On a more general note, get thee to an ADHD specialized psychologist!  Contrary to what you have been led to believe, not being able to achieve results is not always laziness, especially for us.  If you assume you're lazy, or that you're just indifferent or stupid or what have you, you do serious damage to your self esteem, which you need to stay functional and *alive*.  
  
  You got this, and it sounds like you have one parent and a psychologist in your corner.  Be honest and open with them, and be gentle with yourself.  You can do more than you've been able to so far, you just need the right assistance and some patience.   