Tip: Turning off notifications for text messages could help decrease anxiety about received messages and help increase the chance of actually responding to the message. I did this on accident the other day when I was trying to turn off notifications to all the time waster apps that pollute my notification feed, and I found it to actually be super helpful for a few reasons.

1. Whenever I hear my text notification a wave of anxiety comes over me, is it work related? Is it a message from a family member that I might not have time to respond to right now? Will I forget to respond after I read it and put my phone back? Etc. Etc.

2. When I do open my messages to check them, I'm in a place and a mindset where I actually have the time to read the messages and respond to them right then and there! I'm not reading through it while doing another task, maybe something where it would be inappropriate to stop in the middle of and write a response to somebody. I tell myself I'll come back to it, and then forget i ever got the message in the first place. 

3. The hardest part about this was initially remembering that I had turned it off and that I still had to check for texts periodically. Once it became habit to check periodically I found myself replying to messages in a much more timely matter than I used to.

This might not work for a lot of people but it did to me so I wanted to share with you guys. Hope you all have a great day! Turning them off now! Your reasoning sounds good!  Step 1 - Turn off notification.

Step 2 - Never check messages.

Step 3 - ???? I didn't do this with texts, but I've disabled notifications for pretty much everything else on my phone and it has worked wonders for stopping me from getting distracted constantly (especially waking up in the morning).

I originally did it because Facebook Messenger had a glitch on my phone where it constantly had the little number notification even when I had no messages, but since disabling it (and for almost all of my other apps), my general anxiety has decreased by a lot! My phone currently has zero sounds or vibrations, it has been a total game changer for me. I decide when I’m ready for the distraction, not the other way around.  I am notoriously bad at replying to messages and it drives my family/friends up the wall. I read it and tell myself I will reply once I've finished whatever I was doing at the time and never get around to doing it. I did this a month ago, works a treat I've just made it abundantly clear to my friends that I don't really check texts that often so it may take me a day or so to get back to you, but if you call I will almost certainly call you back as soon as I see the missed call, without even checking my voicemails.

Also, my phone is always on silent through the work day.  Always. I feel this so hard you have no idea I did this for my email, now I have 2200 unread messages. Step 3 is peace. I've got a pretty good idea man 👍 