I hyperfixated on my girlfriend and it overwhelmed her. I didn't realize how much I fixate on things for weeks at a time before I did it to her. I go through phases of intense interest, I was the guy who was all about his succulent garden, and then for a few weeks my whole personality was about hiking and being outdoors. This is something that I've always done. Everyone told me how they we're amazed at how I always had some new hobby I was having about.

Then I did it to my girlfriend. She became the focus of my new hyperfixation, and I'm experiencing a pretty strong negative consequence of something that was always just a benign habit. It's opening me up to how many other things I do that hurt others or are self destructive.  I really get this.  But also? Go easy on yourself. Non-ADHD people do shit that hurts others as well and, I suspect, they don't beat themselves up about it as much. I did this too for the first time ever recently. I got completely obsessed with her and started freaking myself out. Luckily it did pass and I kept it together (in front of her) for the most part. It went one for about a month and it was fucking awful. I couldn’t think about anything but her and things I knew about her past. Sometimes I really hate my brain. Counseling has really helped though so I can unload the thoughts. I journal a good amount too. I carry a little book around in my pocket and whenever shit gets too strong I just stop and start writing. It some of the best advice I’ve ever received.  I see myself in this as well.

In high school, instead of studying for a test, I'd be studying lock picking, or growing carnivorous plants, gaming, magic tricks, raising reptiles, drawing, painting, painting carnivorous plants with reptiles, coding.  

Everyone else?  Doing normal things, like homework, sports, and girls.

It's maddening for me and vexes the hell out of everyone around me. Family, employers and teachers all said that I'm wicked smart, but I always self-sabotage (aka, lose interest and walk or screw-up simple details).  Everything I do, I obsess about, until I don't.  I'm old enough now to know that I only have a limited amount of time before my attention -- and world shifts. Oh, man. This explains a lot for me. WTH. Thanks for sharing, OP. makes me better aware.  I thought this meant you nutted on her by accident  Its ok OP. You don't have to beat yourself up. I do the same things when I date people, the only difference is I found people who don't mind it or are flattered or things like that. Not everyone is but there are people out there that are good fits for our quirks. I do that always. No telling how many prospective partners I've scared away by being too much early on.

I'm now very loosely dating someone who is not like us at all: She'll almost always take a few hours to text back, and we've not heard of each other since Friday night by now. I have to really keep myself from texting her and asking about last night and telling her about mine.

She knows about my adhd and my former struggles though, and that I'm scared that I'll scare her off. She also knows how hard it is on me to not text all the time. It's freeing to tell people! I've done this on my boyfriend before. It's like a special interest part of autism for me ... 

I've tried to stop caring so much though, since I started to get angry and bitter that I wasn't given enough care in return. I did this to a boyfriend once, and he actually liked it. I broke up with him a little while after the hyperfixation wore off (not because it wore off, but because I realized he was a terrible person), and because my obsession had stopped and our relationship shifted to something more normal, he thought the reason I wanted to break up was because I wasn't getting enough attention! Such an unhealthy situation all around... This is happening to me right now and I don’t even know how to deal with it. It’s so weird and he has no idea that I am but Idk if it’s unhealthy for me or not, I feel like it is. Too shy to say anything to him though. Our situation is too complicated for us to work..  I'm becoming way more self aware of my feelings lately, and part of that is realizing how much blame I always place in myself. And then getting stuck in this self loathing loop.

I'm doing pretty alright considering how I've handled things before. I'll be starting need and therapy this month and I'm looking forward to functioning on a similar level as everyone else lol This was a recent revelation and honestly at this point I'm afraid calling her my girlfriend might not be accurate anymore. She's asked for space after we had a talk a few days ago.  Sounds like you have a beautiful amount of hobbies. Not having them stick is not a bad thing. If it's your spare time, you can spend or spoil it in any way you want. I feel like college changed this about me in a bad way :/ like itd actually be quite nice if I could read my flight mechanics book for 12 hours with no regard to time or anything else like I would with novels in highschool. I would get into that frame of mind where all day at school, I'd think about getting home to do whatever it was that had my interest then. It's pretty frustrating and I feel like it's because my schedule is more demanding and mentally taxing since I started engineering school and working 10 hours a week; it's easy for some but I have to struggle for every point and it leaves me very drained. I've been trying to figure out how to get some of my hyper focusing energy back  Oh no that part isn't by accident.  That's the problem.  When my attention shifts, it's really tough to stay on task. As I've gotten older, I've learned coping strategies that have helped me out. But back then it was really frustrating. 