Tips on stopping your eyes/brain from jumping around the text while reading. I've always struggled with reading well before I was diagnosed with ADD. Unless i'm really into a book/text I seem to daydream while my eyes skim. I'm taking an online class with an online textbook that is very dry material. Vyvanse helps with reading focus but I still tend to skip around and never really stay on one line for long. I unwillingly race through the passages without knowing and it is causing me to not study efficiently.

Anyone else have these issues? Any tips or solutions?

Edit: The creator of Beelinereader discovered the issue with my extension. I have the Avast chrome extension and it interferes with the Beelinereader. Once disabled Beelinereader works wonders. Highly recommend this amazing extension and service from the creator.  Rest the tip of a pencil just under the words and letters you're reading, moving along the page / screen as you go. You'll train yourself to read in straight lines through using the pencil as an indicator. This browser plugin looks promising. Unfortunately it wouldnt install correctly for me. Try it and let us know.

http://www.beelinereader.com/ I have these issues reading anything long. 

If it's important, I want to stay focused,  and I need to remember stuff I will get a bunch of very nice pens and paper and just rewrite what I'm reading. I will use different colors and format the text different ways as I'm writing. 

This tends to take longer but it really helps me stay interested and memorize the material.  Taking notes as I read or walking on a treadmill as I read seems to help me absorb more of the material.

The treadmill bit seems weird, but I think it distracts my brain and body just enough so I can focus on the reading. I have this all the time. It's frustrating, I always thought I was an idiot who just couldn't read right. Some times when I read a paragraph, my brain takes each sentence as its own without the other supporting sentence. I can't grasp the whole meaning of the paragraph unless I read it a few times.  I highlight as I read, it usually helps me be more engaged in the text.  Take notes, either handwritten or typing if that works.

If you can use a highlighter, don't read so much as scour the text for the main ideas. Highlight those in one color. Then look for supporting information and highlight that in another color.

If it's on the computer, you may be able to have the machine read it out loud for you and find something to occupy yourself (housework, running, knitting or crochet) that doesn't involve language (because your brain can only do one language thing at a time) while you listen.

Or you can do what I did in college, do your best and hope. This might help me. Ever since I last stopped my medication I've done very little reading because it's such a drain just to read a little trying to concentrate.

I used to read all the time and miss it. This is strange or esoteric advice… but type what you are reading. I have a typewriter (plastic electronic one, not an antique) and I just type up what I'm I'm reading as I read.  pink noise: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXtimhT-ff4 http://www.spreeder.com/app.php?intro=1 with this i can read insanely fast and its kinda fun for some reason For boring books that also have an audiobook, listen to the audiobook while you read. That way if your mind wanders for a moment it's really easy to find your place on the page when you come back, and pick up the pieces from the half-listening you do in between. Also you can usually set the playback faster or slower to match your natural reading pace. 

I got through so many books in high school this way before I found out about ADHD. Still don't have a solution for when there's no audiobook though. And I thought I was the only person who did this. Usually when I start noticing myself thinking of something else than the material. I avert my eyes from the page/screen and look at the wall for a few seconds. Finish thinking/daydreaming about whatever it was, and then return to the text. Mine doesn't seem to be as bad as you have yours though so I'm not sure that would work. I would definitely try one of those Chrome Extensions though, and if you can't find one on here that someone has suggested you can always go scrounging around the actual Chrome Store for one. Their interface is a little wonky but it's better than nothing xD If you're on a screen, I highlight what I'm reading as I read and it seems to work. No more than the row you're on. Also, if you DO lose your place, you can quickly find where you were and get back to it. Along the same lines, maybe read one line at a time and cover up the rest of the page, only proceed when you have finished the prior line.

Going back and re-reading wastes a lot of time. Try committing yourself to not stopping and re-reading at all, even if you think you missed a point along the way. Do it one paragraph at a time, and try to review/briefly digest the material once you've finished the paragraph. It didn't work for me either, sadly.  I've been using Beeline Reader for ages now (and was about to suggest it! xD), it is SO worth it if you can get it to run. It helps me read paragraphs of text without spacing out as I read (and having no idea what I read immediately after), as well as following where I'm up to. 

Dunno why you two can't get it to work, but I hope you manage to - maybe a different browser? :( (I have it running on Firefox under Win7, but that doesn't necessarily help you..) I was messaged by Nick, one of the developers of Beeline Reader. We exchanged info and basically some security changes to Android. They are working on something for android. Ooohhhh, I love this so much. Thanks!

edit: okay, really? a downvote for thanking someone for linking an incredibly useful tool? man, I'm usually not so salty about reddit dop com downvotes, but like... c'mon. I knit while listening to podcasts. Some people can knit without looking, so that they can read and knit at the same time. I feel that 100 percent. The same thing happens to me all the time. I've gotten better since college (due to tons of reading) but I'm still not where I want to be.  Is it normal (for ADHD) to have to reread sentences multiple times even with vyvanse? I always go back and reread parts of a sentence for greater clarity. Sometimes the grammar is different or I don't know the word. It's entirely normal. In fact in one of my foreign language classes the professor, a linguist, emphasized this as a technique to improve comprehension. So even though it may take a bit more time the ~~goal~~ *higher priority* should be comprehension over speed. Just my $.02 though. Bummer. I hoped it was just me. I'm glad it works for you. I'll have to try it on a computer. I would really like to read on the Internet with the same ease as with a book.  I think it depends on how severe your symptoms are. When I take my medication, adderall 20mg, I still have to reread sometimes.   Yeah, re-reading definitely has value and I definitely agree about the foriegn languages. Heck even in English, if all else fails, I just read the same sentence a few times to really get it in my head. However, I feel that ADHD/perfectionist tendencies could manifest quickly if someone thinks all of their uncertain points MUST be clarified at the moment that uncertainty arises before they can read anything further. I am speaking more about re-reading sentences that may actually not matter in the bigger picture of the piece, opposed to re-reading sentences that you totally can't comprehend at first.  I have a 2007 macbook and made the mistake of downloading Yosemite... Runs like crap. Maybe someone else can try it?  I think I have tourette's as well and a low dose nicotine patch helps a lot with reading and tics.  Oh OK, I didn't understand!   [deleted] Thank you for the links. I actually tried to get them to downgrade the OS and here in Chicago they told me they can't downgrade my OS because they don't make the older OS anymore. They said my only option was to buy a disc on ebay. I'm honestly just due for an upgrade all together but i'm waiting for the next OS to launch to buy a new mac. 