What is the best to do list for a desktop or laptop? Hopefully an application! Ive been using google sheets and also putting post it notes around my monitor but I know theres got to be a great application out there with reminders and a good layout. Any of you guys use these, helps me stay productive and make sure I know deadlines and things I must do!
TL;DR Need a good planner app I like [Google Keep](https://keep.google.com), mostly because of it's really simple interface, snoozable reminders, and syncing with the Android app. I use Evernote and like it a lot. Especially since it has an app that syncs with the computer application so I'm never without it. While I always tend to lose lists or notebooks, I always have my phone on me so I always have something to jot down a reminder or a to-do.  Sometimes physical things work better than digital things. I've been searching for apps/workflows/systems that work but I've all but given up on doing everything digitally. 

I'll parrot using Google Keep and Google Calendar. Even with Google Now I can speak a reminder to my phone and it will record it.  Pretty sure I have now tried every single goddamn app under the sun and yet............... I keep coming back to Google Keep for just about everything.

I've been digging Todoist for actual lists, I just have to keep using it. The more I use it the better it is, I just have to really force myself. CloudCal syncs with gTasks and lets you drag and drop. I continue in my quest to find the perfect automation to link them all.

Which is def the right thing to do instead of just doing the thing buuuuuuut hey I'm learning Javascript now sooooooooooooo Thanks for suggesting this! I've never quite gotten what this was, I'll try to finally stick to some planner once and for all. (Even though I know it will never stick for more than a week :)) best feature is probably the text recognition when you take a photo of a document, business card, cheque, whatever.

business cards especially. point camera, info added to a contact card on the phone, synched. boom!

 If you use Google calendar, your keep reminders show on that too; I use the whole Google suite to keep me organized.  Never knew about that! Is that something available with the pro version? Cool! I'll try to start using this.  pulled my iphone out to check up on it for you...

looks like you can do 5 business cards by trial and then it is a pro-only feature.

evernote uses your camera in general to capture documents, whiteboards... anything contrasting containing text it seems.

go to the main menu and select photo, give it access to your camera, and point it at something! see how it works.

but you do have ADHD i am guessing so... is there something else you should be doing right now!? do that first. ;)

cheers I should be sleeping so I'll leave it until tomorrow, but thank you! This sounds like it would definitely come in handy!  