Starting e-learning college in a few days, any tips? Hey people,

In 10 days I'll start e-learning college, I tried to challenge myself so I'm starting a major in Computer Engineering.

Because of my lack of time (work + living by myself), I decided that e-learning would be the best option, but now I'm afraid my ADHD will make things harder for me.

Do you have any tips? (PS: I'm not on medication) I do mostly  online classes through the local collge now.  The most important thing for me is to try and have a routine (I've never been good with strict schedules). And set expectations for myself and allow for guilt free downtime.  

For example this spring I had 4 classes, I allowed myself Monday-Wednesday (from 9am to 3pm) to do all of the class work (reading and assignments), I used Thurday as a catch up day to finish anything school related and catch up on cleaning and in house related projects/obligations. Fridays were errand and shopping  days. I'd take Saturday and Sunday off of all school work.  For me this kind of routine  worked because I knew what needed to get done and how much time I had. I also set alarms as reminders to start stop and to maintain the house. Just knowing I had two days that I was not required to do class helped.  Something else helped too was physically  writing a check list (not a huge fan of lists but they do help) of reading and assignments so I could see the progress I was making.

As far as stuff to help with actually doing the reading  and assignments, I made liberal use of a text to voice app called @Voice. It turns almost any text document into audio. It's great for reviewing things like syllabuses  type notes, class materials, proofreading assignments(making sure they sound right) and test review.  I also use digital textbooks and their text to voice for a good bit of the reading as I have trouble sitting still or concentrating long enough to read the textbook.  For things like forum posts I always type up the response in Word before posting especially if there is a minimum word count.  I approach  essays or papers a bit differently  than most people and I don't always write them in order.  If I know what I want to say in the middle of the paper when I begin i go ahead and write that piece of the paper first and do that until the requirements for the assignment are met and then I go back and order them correctly and add transitions.  This way I'm at least making progress and don't get stuck  and can come back to it when I have another idea.  

One other thing if you have a question  about the material or assignment email or call the instructor right away.  They might not get back to you right away.  Your experiences will differ depending on course and professor.  I did a few in undergrad, wasn't comfortable with it.  Stay on top of the assignments and coursework. I took some classes for my bachelor's degree online. 

Some of the most helpful things I utilized were audio text books (when obtainable), text-to-speech programs, and having someone proof-read my work, 

I also found that doing a mock-up of my assignments helped when it came time to churn out the real thing. 

Good luck!! 