Trouble reading. I often find myself reading something over and over. I can read the individual words quickly but get jumbled up in the text when there are multipe words in secession (lists, sentences, etc). 

I used to struggle with this problem especially when reviewing notes and studying. It would take me hours to work my way through a chapter in my textbook, and I would still struggle with the work.

I found that if I underline what I am reading as I read it, it sticks in my memory a lot better. It also helps me keep where I am on the page.  

I started writing drafts and taking notes by hand which has helped improve my handwriting. I'm proud to say that my handwriting is now legable enough for most people to read it.

I'm still identifying little things about myself that need a little improvement.  Up until this point in life I didn't realize that I was missing out on so much happening right in front of me, and so much still slips through the cracks. I hope the focus I'm applying to my studies and my life doesn't subside like another half completed project.

The fact that I see so many of my symptoms in this sub amazes me to no end, even if it should be common sense that a group of people with the same diagnosis would share common symptoms. I think I'm happy with where I am right now, but I look forward to the future. A future I hope I will remember. I've given up with reading, I just read about 4 random lines throughout the article and pretend I have! When I was in middle school, we read To Kill a Mockingbird and I had real trouble getting through it. I would read the same line over and over before I realized it. My mom came up with an ingenious solution that I still use. She took a large index card and cut out a slot that was just big enough for one line of text, and using that I'd slowly but surely work my way down the page. I eventually graduated to just a regular 3x5 index card and it's my go to method if I'm facing a challenging text.  It's dangerous to go alone, take this---->https://youtu.be/FrNqSLPaZLc
 As a huge reader with ADHD...the only way I am able to read so much is by reading the words aloud in my head.  Which they say you aren't supposed to do.  But it's the only way I can focus enough.  I do still have trouble depending on my mood. It's also (weirdly) easier for me to read unmedicated. Probably because I evolved the reading skills without the ability to focus. I feel you, I have never stopped using my finger to follow the words whilst reading. Just too many letter otherwise.    
Good to hear that your improving your life! Do you feel sad about the things that slip through the cracks? I feel that prioritizing is the only thing that helps to keep 'me studying' a constant, but that does mean that I am too missing out on a lot of other things. I still do that when I have to read 15+ articles I always end up losing stuff like that.. Or I stick it straight into my backpack and 5 years worth of crushed penicl dust sticks to the card Username checks out I want to experience more, but it makes me happy bettering myself so I *can* experience more. I think it evens out. I'm discovering that it's an ADHD superpower. It's just learning to have confidence in methods that don't match convention. Well, I just use the card as a bookmark and if I loose it when I'm done with the book or leave it in the book, no biggie.  