Alternative way of reading. No, I'm not talking about braille or anthing like that.
There is an app that allows you to read text really fast by showing things 1 word at a time.
I don't know about you, but the reason I don't read books is because my mind always goes on auto pilot and I have to reread the same page 3-4 times before being able to move on.
I found this to have some potential...
http://www.spritzinc.com/# I've been using http://www.spreeder.com. Just copy and paste a block of text and you're off! [deleted] I've just started using [Spreeder](http://www.spreeder.com), which is fairly similar, to get through some long and incredibly dry textbook readings. It's taking a little getting used to, but it hasn't been too bad so far. 

One issue I'm having can be accurately described using the "I don't know what to do with my hands" meme. Usually my hands are at least holding onto a textbook and fiddling with the pages, or maybe holding onto a pen and taking notes, but with this they're not doing anything and it's very noticeable. I'm afraid to fiddle with something because I'll be tempted to look at it, but the words are going by so fast on the screen that if I even blink for too long I'll miss a bunch, so I can't afford to look away (and I don't process audible information very well, so audio books are out). I also become very aware of how uncomfortable my chair is, so I try to move around and readjust myself, but then I end up looking away and just like that, I've missed an entire paragraph.

Also, tables, diagrams, and images obviously don't translate, so if your topic involves a lot of them, it may be an issue. I consider myself a good reader, but I was very impressed at how natural the website felt after just a few minutes. Now I am disappointed that they don'y yet have an app ready to go- they are just demo-ing the technology for someone else to use. it's so similar to **[Spreeder](http://www.spreeder.com/)** I wonder if they're even different companies. That was pretty cool Interesting. I don't know if I like it though. For some reason the "sound" of the words in my head is all disjointed and weird, like a robot talking. I can't imagine it more smoothly and naturally with this method. Maybe it just takes some getting used to? This might sound totally off base, 

I read both pages at once one with each eye then reassemble and turn page. No idea how I do it but it works LOL I don't get it, where is the actual app? I am a fast reader, but I cannot use this at all. I recognize and understand words in large sections, sentences at a time, and my speed varies greatly depending on how common and easy to process the blocks of words are, which makes constant sized small blocks at constant speeds just painful. Thanks for sharing! I'll try this out soon. saving for later That is so cool! Thanks! Personally, the thing I like about audiobooks is the fact that I know exactly how long the task will take. I can speed it up too which is also nice.  This is what I'm thinking of trying for the readings in my degree programs. The only problem is finding editable texts to use in text to speech programs. One program that the high school I work at uses is called Natural Reader. Haven't used it myself yet, but I'm looking to try it out if I can get my readings in an electronic format. Does it work on your phone? You could try reading it on your phone if it does. I got the same effect when I tried this for the first time.  I think this highlights the point though.  Most of us read with an inner voice, so even though we're being fed a new way of reading, the inner voice still naturally tries to play its role.  It's a quirky side effect.

See if you can play with turning off that inner voice somehow and just absorbing the concepts.  I don't really know how to explain this very well, you'll just have to experiment.   I think eventually the robotic 'sound' might go away, since it's a side effect of inner voice reading and this should de-emphasize that, but who knows how long it takes to train the mind to read differently.   [deleted] If they make it pause based on punctuation marks, length of words, and on uncommon terms/words, this would be perfect! I used to be a big reader back in HS and such. I find as I've gotten older, it's harder for me to sit down and read for hours on end (I sometimes find that 1 book that I can't put down). Most books I'll get an hour or two into, and then throw in a bookmark, and "I'll finish this later." I have a box of these... So audiobooks have become a much more usable resource for me. I enjoy monotonous jobs/tasks, and have been able to get through audiobooks a lot easier. 

I have to agree about the 'exactly how long' is really helpful as well.  That's a great idea! I just tried it and it works, and holding my phone would definitely help with the hands problem. Now I just have to figure out how to easily copy and paste text from the pdf to the Spreeder box. No, I just can read both pages? Since I joined some private trackers, the whole DRM-free thing has allowed me to have my computer read some books out loud too. Helps because it reinforces what I read with sound as well, despite not having the exact time estimate (in some cases)  HOW

edit: pls My brain is totally screwed up.. How can I do that and assemble the words? 

I am dyslexic too.  