Do you guys have to proofread your texts or is it just me? I've noticed awhile back that when I text, I'll think about what I want to say. Type it and send it. Then I get a reply back with a question mark. I look at what I wrote and it's very incoherent. Do you guys have this issue? Even when I proofread, it doesn't help sometimes. It takes me like 5-10 minutes to send a text sometimes like if I'm texting a girl or its a semi important text. I freaking hate it, and it makes me feel super dumb.  When I text or even type posts like this I have to think, type, read, edit, re read, think, edit, read, post, edit. It drives my nuts but I hate trying to explain things later. The upside to this, is that eventually you will become so good at writing that you may have people asking if you're a writer. That happens from proof reading your text over and over, and being a bit more self conscious about it than most people. Shit, I have delayed texts by hours proofreading, then forgetting about them entirely, then remembering and having to proofread all over again! He is looking at the stars Try reading it out loud. Sms is usally ok, unless its a very long message.

Emails on the other hand.. I can spend 20-30 minutes on en email normal people use 3-4-5 minutes on.

I think what I wanna write, forget a word or formulation, change something or move sentences, that change makes me have to change other parts... etc... 

Only thing that helps is focus on sending shorter emails. Yup.  I'll proof read and it will still have mistakes.  I don't and it becomes s huge problem 

Like that  I have friends that are very understanding of my special way of texting lol
In  college and grad school proofreading multiple times was a must. I get that too... my mind just goes into hyper overdrive and I feel like I just have nothing to say. When you're so used to having to over-filter what you're saying, because otherwise you'd say something weird or inappropriate to the situation, that makes it harder again.  I have a bad habit of writing small walls of text, submitting, and then spending the next hour editing it for corrections and creating it into a giant wall of text (usually one sentence or added parenthetical at a time). Part of me is very tempted to display this habit right now. And even without necessarily trying I've already been doing it... I do this too, but by the final revision some thoughts rely on other thoughts I mangled or edited out and it's just a huge mess. I do the exact thing. Especially when it's a really important email to a potential employer or an academic advisor. I proofread everything for like 30 minutes  