Better at texting than in person conversations? I've always found myself to be better at collecting my thoughts over text than in a conversation. Not to say that I can't hold a conversation but in an argument, for example, my points completely fall apart as soon as they're refuted. I forget where I was going and I can't adequately defend my point.

It's always said that you're supposed to save big conversations for face-to-face, but I've never agreed with that. Sound familiar to anyone else or just me? I've been this way since I was little. I would write notes about how I felt vs. talking to someone. I feel like if I'm not able to sit down and think about how I'm saying something, it always comes across wrong and doesn't fully explain how I'm feeling.  It's probably because you're expected to respond pretty much immediately when having a conversation, vs writing things down you can take your time to phrase everything properly, and you can just scrap what you wrote and start over if you're not happy with it.

Once the words come out of your mouth, it's nowhere near as easy to correct yourself. I have actually told my SO that sometimes when we argue I wish we could be using MSN (dates me a little eh?) because then I could really think about what I say before I say it, and I could also go back and re-read things he has said (because honestly, my short term working memory is crap and I sometimes have to read something 3 times, at different times, before it sinks in). Sure. I'm both impulsive an inattentive, so it's not only hard for me to not lose the thread and start thinking about Nepal or Oreos or Star Wars when we're talking about window hardware, it's really hard not to say everything that's on my mind. With writing, I get to edit. Nobody knows it took me an hour to write that short email. I actually have very good conversation skills; I'm so used to having friends and family who get distracted easily in conversations that I've learned how to redirect discussions back to the main  point. Also, a brief stint in online dating taught me how to better communicate and be a decent conversationalist. 

With all that being said, when it comes to arguments and debates I SUCK at in person debating (generally). I'm a vegan and super educated on the subject. I read scientific studies on plant based nutrition; I know about the ethical and environmental aspects   Of veganism vs. carnism. Even with a subject I'm educated on and confident in, I still blank. 

If I'm insulted by someone face to face, I'm so shocked and taken aback my mind goes completely blank. I've been told by people to my face that ADHD isn't a real condition or made nasty comments about it to me. After these encounters, I am LIVID and angry. I have tons of witty responses to put the person in his/her place. But I can't come up with intelligent defenses in the moment. 

I've read that people with ADHD have a smaller corpus callosum than NT people. From what I've read, a smaller corpus callosum affects one's ability to take information from the brain and expel it into the world. That would make sense since the corpus callosum is responsible for the communication between the left and right hemispheres of the brain; thus this could easily impact communication abilities in someone with ADHD. Plus, during a stressful situation (like a debate) the brain may work less efficiently. 

I could be wrong about all of this though. Just my $0.02.  When you think about it, a spoken conversation is a lot of multi-tasking for your brain to do all at once. You have to simultaneously remember what was said so far, listen to what is currently being said, process those sounds into information, add that to the information you already currently have, hold on to what else it was that you were hoping to discuss as well as points that you came up with while the other person is speaking, retrieve information from your own brain (including ...duh duh DUH....words), actually say those words, read visual cues, be aware of what you, yourself, are visually projecting.....and so on. Lose track for a *second* of any of these things, and you're lost.

If it's an even remotely complex, emotional, or important conversation, you're doomed to mess up, which gets frustrating, which messes you up even more.....

It's exhausting.

That's why two very common accommodation requests for people with ADHD are to get directions from their bosses *in writing*, and to have classes recorded (or have a note-taker).

I personally do as much in writing as I can. Before going to doctor's offices, I will write out a brief overview of my symptoms, history, and reason for being there, then literally *hand it to the doctor* (doctors LOVE this, btw). Before any meeting, I write out my questions and send it to the person, and ask that they do the same. (I don't often get questions ahead of time, but people do answer me beforehand often enough, so then we just discuss their questions and I at least don't have to worry about keeping my own in my head!). Wherever possible when a manager is overseeing me on a project, I ask for notes directly on the deliverable and then meet with the person afterward *if necessary*.

I also have sheets of paper, emails, or word documents going before any meeting, wherein I can write down the questions as they come to my head...usually while in the middle of other things ;) But, that way they are out of my head, and when the time comes I can be sure I've got all my questions with me. Even better is when someone is willing to just answer my little questions as they come, and exactly as they are asked (even if the answer is "maybe" or "don't know" or "complicated - call me" or a clarifying question). I LOVE these people. So much. So so much. I wish I could offer advice, all I can say is I am EXACTLY the same. The worst thing for me is when you're in a heated debate or telling a detailed story and something interrupts your flow....literally the smallest distraction throws me completely off and I don't even remember what I was saying, never mind the point I was trying to make. I'm building my conversational railroad 4 sentences in advance here and if you derail my train I have no idea where it was! It's because you have a minute to actually think. Theres 2 steps, writing then sending. If your brain hits you with stupid shit, you can catch it before sending it! Yep. When I'm typing in a chat, text, whatever, I basically write out all the thoughts I'm trying to convey and then I go back and edit them into cohesive sentences.  Yeah, I find it reasonably difficult to accurately convey my thoughts when I have to construct sentences off the top of my head.  
Might just be a practice thing though. I was not very popular in school, to say the least, so I didn't get a lot of practice socializing growing up. What you are describing is extremely common for those with Asperger's.  It is very common for someone with ADHD to have co-existing conditions, including Asperger's.  It took my family years of approaching our issues from the perspective of ADHD, before a great and thorough doctor pointed out that one of us had greater issues with Asperger's. Over the next several years, we saw the signs in 4 out of 4 of us.


This discovery has explained the explainable, changed our expectations of each other and improved communication between us.


Please do your self a favor and take an hour or two to learn a little bit about it.  Reddit's /r/aspergers is a great community and may give you some insight into it. I'm actually the complete opposite. My texts are usually dry and cold and it takes a while to get things out of me. In person I'm a puppy who won't shut up, but also a ball of fun.  Same here.

I think this goes along with planning out conversations in your head. I can spend hours thinking about what I will say to someone and what they might say back but once I actually start talking it all goes out the window. Wow, yeah, this is totally me too. 

It just sucks that talking is better than texting in the long run. Body language and tone are HUGE for conveying meaning to your words, and that is very much lost through text unfortunately. My s/o and I agreed to always argue or have important conversations over the phone/in-person because of this. 

I'm at a disadvantage because I get really overwhelmed when I'm arguing. I really cannot put together a cohesive point through talking. Texting does help me argue better, and it's been like that all my life. When I was in high school I actually convinced myself that it was because I was just smarter while texting, and stupider while talking. Today I know the real cause. 

I'll always be better at texting than talking, but it's up to me to get better at talking too. I know there's a chance I'll say something weird or mildly offensive during a conversation, so I gotta work on reducing that... YES! It's so much easier for me. No trying to remember what the person said 30 seconds ago, and feeling panicked/like an asshole when you completely forget. Plus I don't have any word vomit where unchecked thoughts just spill incoherently from my mouth and then I can't remember what I even said. It's the other way around for me. 

I had many friendships fading away because I am often not able to write a text message, even if it is a 'thank you for your very personal and endearing birthday greetings'.

With a PM, I have all the time in the world to write the perfect message. So I start to think of a perfect... oh look, a butterfly!

I can write here, to a forum full of strangers who won't give a thought about my post, but I can't concentrate enough to sculpt a text with everything I want to express when I do it under my real name.

That's why I lost my chance to get my ScD, why I repeatedly failed to finish research practica where I had fun in the research part but could not put together  30 pages of test protocols for which I had 6 months to write them.

On the other hand, when I speak to anybody, I have no chance to procrastinate or to take an hour to find the perfect sentence. I have to come up with a solution on the spot. And as I am terrible in long time planning, I am used to the need to improvise.  YES I empathize with this so much. If it's paragraphs at once though sometimes I miss important details, so it's a tossup.

I find myself pretty easily able to read mood on text - "Not being able to read tone and context" is a common objection I hear to discussing stuff over text. But, if it's someone whose normal patterns I'm familiar with, I'm often able to intuitively figure out the tone/context etc. just with that. Plus emojis can remove some ambiguity. I get bored pretty quick during text conversations. Haha I'm this way.  I sort out my thoughts better in writing. I stumble over my words when I speak or blank out on the right words. This. I once had to brake up with a guy and he wanted to call me. I said i couldn't handle a call because i would end up saying things i wouldn't mean.  This is me. I always find myself using the wrong word despite knowing the right one, or losing track of where I was going and it gets awkward FAST. But writing is soooo different, I feel I can get my point across without sounding like a bumbling fool. It's a sigh of relief when I find other people understand this.  I strongly encourage as much communication as possible via text because it's easier for me to keep track of the conversations and I always have a record of what I need to do.  All the time. My brother is notorious for using this against me at every turn. He constantly pulls a conversation into an argument and spins it so fast I can't even remember how it all started or what was said. Which leaves him as the only one with a memory of the incident and he will always put it in his favor. So I'm left feeling (and looking) like a nut-job with "convenient amnesia" (aka "a liar"). 

Only after therapy have I started to realize what the heck is going on and how much it has damaged me. But more importantly, it's not my fault.  Yes. As others have mentioned, part of the issue is response time and the expectation of an immediate response. It isn't normal to require a minute to think at nearly every "check in" or question. I can nod, or shake my head, or otherwise verbally disagree, because I know the information presented is not agreeing with my current understanding, but I can't defend "why". It takes a minute, and unfortunately, some people believe that it is a sign of stupidity. Luckily most will be respectful if you explain your situation in easy to digest concepts without any *"controversial"* terms. 

Obviously don't spit out your entire life story immediately, but explaining the fact that you have a neurological disorder that greatly impacts your memory, executive functioning, and speech, those who you frequently communicate with should theoretically be receptive. 

Of course there is a bit of a learning curve, but a positive mindset and patience will go a long way. Yes, absolutely. I can only hold a high conversation at times when I'm feeling mentally fluid, and those times vary depending on many things. It's much more efficient as a conscious thought process for me to communicate through text or anything involving machines.  Prior to mediation that was me, obviously everyone is different but meds are very much glasses for my brain and my quality of life is through the roof, if you have a psychiatrist let them know what you shared here and see if they have advice :)  I prefer having things in text that way I can look at them later on. 

For example, if my mom texts me on Sunday that I have a dr.s appt on Wednesday, I'm more likely to add it to my calendar than if it's just a phone call. Yup, definitely. I think it has to do with the amount of time allotted and the less nuances in text. VS speech where I have to think "Well, he said it like blank and he might mean something else, or is joking, or whatever" I think that growing up with AOL instant messenger as my default method of communication conditioned me to be more comfortable expressing myself via text  I used to be this way. But now I’m bad at both.  Yes, to a fault.  
And online dating brings out the best & worst of that. I have lively, torrid, passionate texting relationships, that fall flat in person. After too many of those, I've learned to go easy on the texting and not presume too much from it. I definitely agree with this. It is really nice to be able to spend a minute figuring out how exactly to say what you want to say and being able to re-read what other's said.

That being said... humans are not logical creatures, making decisions based on logic and reason and intellect. We are emotional creatures first and foremost. And when dealing with an emotional creature, your body language and tone of voice is just as important as your words themselves. Being able to respond to a person's outward display of emotion is just as important as being able to collect your thoughts and really think about what you're saying.

I've had conversations on both sides. I've had conversations where I wish I had the ability to really think about what the other person said, do my own research and think about what I'm going to say. I've also had online arguments that devolved into two sides repeating their point over, 100% sure that their side is right and that the other side is being stupid for thinking whatever they are thinking.

There are times where the best way to have the conversation is to be able to sit and think about what you'll say, re-read what they said and do your research. There are also times when you need to show empathy towards the other side, and you simply *cannot* be as empathetic over text as you can in person. Oh my God YES.  For me it's "easier" in that I can think of what I want to say and I can easily follow the topic without interrupting but I have a harder time understanding the intent behind messages I receive or how my message will be interpreted without any visual cues. This is definitely me. It's just so much easier to collect your thoughts and write out exactly what you want to say. The vast majority of my social life has been online for exactly this reason. Plus my schools were full of assholes.  This is me as well.

My SO is also ADHD, so what we do is get a notebook for big conversations if we don't have them via chat.  Neither of us is ever bothered by them being through chat, and the notebooks help us respond and reflect, as well as remember what we wanted to say without interrupting the other.  I'm much better at writing than speaking. 
I can't remember shit. I like things in writing by text or e-mail for that reason as well.  To be honest, the whole world in today's internet era can relate to that. I keep hearing this from everyone. Not sure if this has anything to do with ADHD. Only a few rare specimen are better at forming their arguments face to face in real time. >my points completely fall apart as soon as they're refuted. I forget where I was going and I can't adequately defend my point.

I think this is a problem for anyone, ADHD or not. Debating someone is a hard task in general. So much this. Doing it in writing means I can also search for information using my external memory (otherwise known as Google). 

Face to face once my initial thought is out any sort of rebuttal just flusters me and I cannot continue with any sort of eloquence. My boyfriend and I do this. He's neurotypical, and it's taken him a while to begin to understand, but it's really helped address some more major points.  TBH all those things sound way more interesting than window hardware. Can't blame you.  "If I'm insulted by someone face to face, I'm so shocked and taken aback my mind goes completely blank. I've been told by people to my face that ADHD isn't a real condition or made nasty comments about it to me. After these encounters, I am LIVID and angry. I have tons of witty responses to put the person in his/her place. But I can't come up with intelligent defenses in the moment.".

You took the words right out of my mouth. There is nothing more frustrating than to have people think you're making excuses or being argumentative for the sake of being argumentative when all you're trying to do is defend or explain your point of view.  Preach! 

We gotta make it work.  Im trying this practice thing now at work. Its not working. Yes, I have Aspergers too and this post describes me to a T. If I get into an argument with someone I really care about, like my SO, I need to text or write my responses. I also cannot stand the phone. Lmfao, this! I've just literally been "conversing" with a new friend in my head and procrastinating instead of going to sleep... 

Writing things lets you structure, reword, edit, remember what you said etc., not to mention people can read it at their own pace rather than listen to me talk at a speed of 200 km/h. They just wont stay on script 😒 I was in a long distance relationship for a while, and we'd often end up having discussions where we were on skype and had video but we were typing back and forth. It was kind of the best of both worlds there because you still got to see their body language and reactions but could take a minute to compose your thoughts.  But do you think is less frequent with those without ADHD?

This happens to me even in normal conversations, specially if I don't know the person well. Im pretty sure Im considered quite the weirdo at work for my terrible conversation skills. Yup. That look someone gives you when you're trying to explain yourself, while having a brain that is freaking out over the aspect of confrontation, is soul crushing. I wish I was quick-witted in those moments because I do have intelligent thoughts. It's too bad the people who think I don't are never there to see me respond intelligently.  Honestly, the biggest problem that people with ADHD face is not the ADHD itself, but other people's ignorance, stubbornness, and opportunism. If we lived in a perfect, understanding, fully-informed society without manipulative people, ADHD would not be nearly as much of a disability. 

Most of my frustration with myself comes from internalized judgment from other people, really. I'm sure that I'm not alone in this. Like, I'm suspicious that the heavy correlation between ADHD and abusive childhoods is at least partly because abuse sabotages and/or overwhelms an ADHDer's ability to cope, so their symptoms will be more pronounced and thus more likely to get diagnosed. I hate it when people do that! It irritates me when someone changes the direction of a conversation so I dont have a chance to say all the things I wanted to. 

Why cant people be as simple as the versions of them I talk to in my head?

That sounds a bit crazy doesnt it?... Soul-crushing is a perfect way to put it. It truly is.  I have never heard of the correlation between child abuse and ADHD. Would you mind sharing the article? On that note, there was something that I had read the other day which implied that there may be *class differences* within the various neurological disorders. For example, aspergers was more commonly found in upper middle class while ADHD was more commonly found in the lower middle and working class. While aspergers may be linked to affluence, adhd, depression, and anxiety are more diverse in nature. 

For myself personally, I find the most challenging part to be finding the appropriate words to describe my feelings or request, forgetting what was said, what I was going to say, or the point of the conversation entirely, "spot jumping", rambling, and a habit of not responding (verbally). So explaining to people what my problem is and how they could help is difficult, so it's easier for me to be understanding with them. If I don't know what the hell I just said, how are they supposed to? 

Also, A lot of people can be uncomfortable with people or situations that they do not understand. This means that we should be more patient with them, because perhaps they aren't even aware of their anxiety or ignorance.  Most people, in my experience anyway, seem to want to be the best person they can be and live a positive life. Hostilities or negative views about a person, in day to day life, are generally thought of as misunderstandings. It is assumed because why would they hate *me specifically* over something that is clearly not about me? 

Yes, it sucks for us who have to suffer from any disease or disability, physical or neurological, but we can't assume that everyone is well informed and knowledgeable on every subtype. Nor can we assume that their negativity was intended as such. ^-^ Not at all, its a very simple task. Don't know whats so difficult about mind reading. [deleted] Even if it is soul-crushing, we don't have to let it be. ADHD has its limitations, which are very real and can be debilitating to live with; however, I think people with ADHD also have super powers. In spite of all our shortcomings and struggles, we are pretty damn awesome people who possess great strength, intelligence, passion, and fortitude. We live in a world where having ADHD is a hindrance because of social structures and expectations, yet somehow we find a way to make it work. I think we're all incredible for that. 

If someone chooses to believe I am stupid because my brain has actual biological differences that make witty retorts and debates a challenge for me, then that person is the one with the problem. I may be slow to speak and slow to think, but at least I'm not ignorant. Ignorance is not a disease so easily cured.  If it wasn't clear, I'm talking about people who make a willful and informed decision to proceed with actions (or inactions) that will cause us harm, with no reasonable excuse:

Ignorance = ignoring information that is readily available and verifiable, to the detriment or harm of themselves and/or others.

Stubbornness = unwillingness to change habits even when warranted and not unreasonably inconvenient, to the detriment or harm of themselves and/or others.

Opportunism = willingness to take advantage of other's misfortune or powerlessness in order benefit themselves, regardless of if their doing so makes the situations of those less fortunate *even worse* in the process.

One must, of course, always be patient and realistic, but when someone ignores my repeated, carefully explained, and completely reasonable, requests because "no one ever asked for me to do that before" and "you shouldn't need to do that"(??)...even though I take on the burden of the extra work involved...and then I become the fall guy for that person's poor decisions suspiciously often....that's a different story.

Bad, selfish, bigoted, manipulative people hurt everyone, but people with even minor disabilities are the easiest, and thus more frequent, targets. ADHDers, though, seem to suffer inordinately compared to the actual degree of the disability. (IMO, it's not even a disorder so much as a minority deviation). Like...I have an illness wherein I can't stand up for more than 30 seconds or my brain stops getting oxygen, but the ADHD has been harder to solve and caused me significantly more problems and anxiety in my life overall *entirely because of other people's ridiculousness*....and that's just stupid. [removed] THAT was beautiful. 

We DO have super powers!! I think we need capes.  [deleted] Perhaps some red capes like Captain Underpants? I think a cape would be good. Then we can identify fellow ADHDers in the real world and band together to fight injustice! Lol [removed] Just as long as we get better trunks than tightie whities! 