ADHD and long paragraphs of text. Something I've noticed, both in my life and in most parts of this sub, we tend to to write really really long paragraphs of text.

This didn't click properly back then but whenever I had to explain something to someone, I would end up writing a paragraph trying to get a simple point across and said someone would be like I cbb reading all that bro. Which is kind of funny cause I'm the one with ADHD haha.

Anyways yeah, I tend to write really long messages or texts sometimes to get a simple point across. Upon rereading my paragraph of text, I sometimes find points which are technically relevant to the topic, but are not really necessary to get my point across, while other times I find myself going sort of off topic and coming back to the topic near the end of the paragraph. I also sometimes find that I've forgotten or gotten lost in the sheer volume of text that by the time I've gotten to the end I've ended up contradicting most of the things I've said at the start and lastly there would be times I would've just sticked to the topic and said things that made sense but it's still possible to summarise or simplify everything I've said even further.

Kind of feels like I'm  wasting a lot of time writing something really long cause I'm not sure if I'm still getting said point across when in reality I could've written something much smaller, and simpler.

So yeah, have you guys had any similar experiences? I'm guessing yes, probably, but it'd be great to hear everyone's thoughts on this! :D Yeah I do this because I feel like people aren't understanding me. I can't simply state my point without backing it up and repeating it because I feel like they don't understand what my point really is. I have always started lots of debates with everyone and It ends up in pages of texts. Maybe it's from years of people writing me off because I'm not being clear but I definitely over kill what I'm trying to say  Yes, it is very related to ADHD for language and attention are almost the same thing in the brain with much overlap of the same brain areas.  Here is a good video by Dr. Barkley talking about how speech and self speech is involved with ADHD

https://youtu.be/sPFmKu2S5XY?list=PLzBixSjmbc8cGW9p3-elS6uDHv7T0Z2vp&t=684

Same lecture but skipping ahead and giving you a little intro before he starts talking about an example of what you are describing /u/belalal0o that involves Paul Revere

https://youtu.be/sPFmKu2S5XY?list=PLzBixSjmbc8cGW9p3-elS6uDHv7T0Z2vp&t=1243

So I want your thoughts of the two videos I just linked =)  Both you /u/belalal0o and anybody else who is reading this. Hahahaha literally just did this on my last post. I ALWAYS end up doing it. I try to proofread and cut it down, but if it's in a smaller box (like reddit comments on my phone), I don't realize how it looks until I post...and then it's like 'zomg, they're going to think I'm a crazy person. I'm so sorry to everyone that reads this!! I'm new to posting, plz don't hate me.'

So yeah...you're definitely not alone in that. I'm trying to get comfortable with people just thinking I'm crazy. I still try to cut my writing down, but I'm pretty talkative/excited about stuff I'm interested in (which is basically everything lol.). 

Thank God for text messaging sizes though. I limit myself to 2 texts at a time. They have to reply before I send anything else. It's not a great system since I waste ages trying to make it fit, but keeps people from hating me. Hopefully lol. In collage I had one English class where I discover Bane number 32- we had to take a three to five page essay and narrow it down to one page.

I failed every damn one of those things.

Also I just did the whole long post thing as well. My issue is that I tend to add what I think is humor/ random and useless bias that has no baring on the subject.  Why? ( Because it's red!) Well, this being a community of people who -gets it- when it comes to ADHD know that sometimes you just need to let the random out and move on. My thoughts note: recently diagnosed no meds so I don't know if that changes anything


But if I'm gonna comment on something by God am I interested and going to rant about it.

Just today someone complimented the effort I gave in a video game suggestion post... I really didn't try. I just had a rant on the subject.


And yeah I just throw every thought that comes trying to make my point.

I generally will sit there and look at my comment and notice that I repeated myself several times before submitting because I really am just letting my mind free and just jotting down any thoughts that come to mind  The paragraphs are so long I wasn't sure about this subredit at first. (edit: How the hell do you people monitor this subredit? Bravo!) But I do that too occasionally. I'm interested in becoming more eloquent when I speak. But occasionally I'll speak an entire sentence that makes no sense. 100% me and I think it's the same as with everything else for us -- we get a flood of ideas/thoughts and feel the urge to act on every one of them.  I feel like every point that comes into my head has to get written, just like every item in my apartment has *some* possibility and has to be kept around, just like everything that enters my attention has to get followed up on.  Learning to "edit" is key in every aspect of our lives. I always get a bit nervous people will get the wrong message or take something the wrong way, or perhaps they didn't quite understand what I meant etc. etc. etc.

It was the bane of all school work as well. Absolutely the same here...It is something I have pondered lately and this post clenches it. Bah. Yup, we all do it. I think most of us can definitely relate to this. What we expect to be a short question or couple of sentences to give context quite quickly becomes a wall of text - in addition to what other people have said, in my case, it's very often that jotting down my thoughts on x tangentially leads to talking about y, in which case referencing z may well also be relevant (before going back to w)

You get the point

But it's ironic since most of us really don't have the attention span or interest to read that amount of detail into someone elses' insights. But I think we mainly do it for our own sakes. And if we get a response, or better yet, someone corroborating what we have to say - hey, even better

Edit: (Look, see, I'm doing it **right now**) Reading submissions on this subreddit makes me realise time and time again *how similar we really all are*. We all tend to think we're alone, and ask *"Does anyone else feel the same way?"* when most of the time you can guarantee that we all do. On the other hand, there are definitely certain things that I read here, or certain things I myself post, that other people don't seem to relate to... c'est la vie I do this all. The. Time. 

I want to stop cause it feels really pointless and annoying and, I'm trying and working on it right now with these rules:

-nothing I write can be longer than what they wrote, obvious exceptions of if they explicitly asked for a list or some sort of data. 

-i send one reply to each thing someone else sent if appropriate to acknowledge or answer them. It shouldn't be longer than what they said, ideally it should be around the 160 character limit 

-conversation should look about 50/50, they can ask follow up questions if something I said wasn't clear to them in 160 characters 

And. 

On top of the one-for-one where appropriate rule I'm allowed to send ONE, follow up and or new topic text that isn't a direct reply to something they said. It can be during the conversation, or it can be later like a few days or whatever, I only get the ONE. Additional message. 

Maybe someday when this is all natural to me like keeping to my diet is, I can bend rules a little here and there. For now I think these rules are what will help me to stop this. 

Good luck OP. I totally get it. Hugs, if it's caused you any grief or if you'd like a random virtual internet strangers affection at the moment in solidarity 

 I had a friend a few years ago tell me that my "*texts are too long*". Since, I've just found myself text anyone less and phone more. Or wait until I see them in person. **She *scarred* me, but I'm *glad* she did.**

&nbsp;

I talk incredibly quickly, and I say a lot in that time. So that is equivalent to a normal person saying less in the same time. When I text, I pretty much type what i would say; which means my texts are as long as a horse's {redacted}. 

&nbsp;

Speaking of which, I have great trouble keeping on topic. So on top of speaking a lot, I go off on tangents or explain weird ass metaphors that vaguely connect. It's like taking a cake, adding layer after layer of icing and fruit and sprinkles and maple syrup and whatever gets you off; and then only showing someone a picture and they look at it  and although they would dive right in, they don't because they don't have it in person. 

&nbsp;

So yes, I have that problem and as such, it makes me shit at writing essays in exams. Good thing I'm majoring in maths! Well, a derivative of it anyway...

&nbsp;

I just try my best to be as succinct as possible and don't say more than I have to, but it's hard since i can't edit my texts once I press sebt so any spellig mistaks arrr fin I do this all the time, I don't know whether it's to do with my brain processing words super fast, my love of extra info and details, or just because I have a hard time understanding which are the important parts to most people. (When I try to pick them out, I often get this wrong, and get yelled at for "drip feeding".)

I do try on this sub to use paragraphs, headers, bullets, and always a TL,DR. I appreciate it when others do this. I often skip to the TL;DR and then skim back up to pick out the relevant info. Yes, but a course in technical writing helped me. I just go back, find the natural breaks, and make them. I then go through and find and eliminate entire sentences that make me think, "Who the hell cares?" or "WTF?. I take the remains and say, "Is there as simpler, more concise way to say this?" and do it. I go from say two pages to one that way alone. The one thing that helped me with was in college when I couldn't pay attention long enough to read the books I was instructed to read, I could always come up with enough ideas to write a bunch and hit the word length limits lol. I don't think I ever read anything fully in college for any of my classes now that I think about it...  Yeah true, definitely overkill what I'm trying to say. By trying to backing up my point I end up giving people a wall of text to sift through to get to my point. So sometimes people can't even take me seriously cause I'm not very clear or sometimes contradicting :( I relate to feeling as though other people won't understand my point. I talk and talk, explaining and explaining. I think I'm trying to articulate my point in the perfect way that feels 'right' but my inability to do that means I keep talking, trying different ways to explain. That's before the people I'm explaining to have even given me feedback. I'm just assuming that they won't have understood. Long post linked to long videos in a long series of videos which are all long. "the consummate disorder of time" yup. Time is meaningless to me. It's very hard to explain that to other people, especially my boss. (Sry. Off topic.) God I love horseback riding. 
Haha these videos are actually quite amazing, I feel like they cover almost everything. I just hope I'm able to watch the rest of it lmao they are quite long, but thanks for showing me these! I did exactly this yesterday. Wrote for what felt like 5 minutes (it was closer to an hour). Took one look at what I wrote, thought "that's not too bad", clicked 'Save'

>Jesus Murphy! What hell hath I unleashed on this poor sub?

I spent the next 45 minutes trying to format [that hideous block of text](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/63q9di/my_brain_makes_texting_an_experience/) to look even halfway approachable. 
 Omg yes, there were times when I've tried to reply to a post but my block of text was super huge and proofreading it I was able to cut down a lot but it was still pretty big and since I  don't want to bombard  people with a wall of text I  sometimes eventually end up getting rid of the whole thing, and when I do end up posting I read it and go omg what have I done.

The text limit is actually an amazing feature. I would almost always jump that limit so I'm pretty much forced to cut down a lot an by being forced to cut down stuff I notice all the useless things I've added haha
 Oh yes now that I think about it, some of the things I've cut down after proofreading is some form of humour or randomness. I mean it's funny and all but after a while people get tired of your shit and stop taking you seriously even if you are being serious haha. So glad I found this community, it's great to be able to talk to people who understand. Hope you find your other sock. I completely sympathize about wishing I could speak eloquently. Half the time I just spew words at people, and they look at me like I just started speaking in tongues (which is not that far off tbh).

It's so much easier to communicate in writing, where I can Lego together my thoughts into something that resembles sentences. Same here, try to explain something, I end up with the a wall of text larger than the great wall of China. Also to add to your statement about having a shitty attention span when it comes to the insights of other people and which is also relevant to this topic is that one  time, a friend of mine asked me to explain something which I'm pretty good at in school. So I sent him this huge paragraph breaking everything down and even going as far as proof reading twice or thrice, cutting things off here and there. The whole process took almost an hour I would say. Turns out I completely misread his question and wasted 60 minutes writing a wall of text which was completely useless. So funny. Whenever I try to talk to my friends about my ADHD related things they don't always get it a 100℅. Sometimes they think they do, and to some extent they might actually understand a little bit, but since they can't relate to what we go through everyday they'll never get it and I'm stuck thinking I'm alone in this.
But after finding this sub  you start to see just how similar we all are and how we're not alone. Sure there are certain things we don't relate to but not everybody is the same right? And the similarities far outweighs the differences. 
 It's great that you've found a way to reduce this. After years of honing my texting skills I guess in a way I've managed to limit my texts to short messages for everybody, but I still have moments where I lose control. And when it comes to my best friend's I just bombard their chats with textnukes  anyways. Actually, I might have to steal some of these rules :D see how that works out. 

And yeah, thanks and good luck to you as well! when all else fails it's great to know that we have an entire community who have eachother's backs, even as random virtual strangers.  Hey I'm majoring in maths too! High five! Was literally the only subject I was any good at back then, although it's gotten a little bit too complex now haha. 

Can totally relate to the texting and mistakes. When it comes to really small texts I just type and spam send without even rereading. Autocorrect has been my saviour, but at times it has corrected things to very awkward words.... Download the audio and listen while doing other tasks, that's how I got through them. True, and you can always proofread and cut down what you've wrote but when it comes to verbal communication you end up throwing everything you get into your head at them and sometimes you end up making no sense. Haha it's not super reduced yet it's just gotten better :) my problem was I realized that since I did that to my best friends it was far too easy for me to just do it thoughtlessly if I was excited about someone talking about something new and I've found that's something that's gonna chase new friends AWAY. Or maybe he really inappropriate if it happened when I was under a lot of stress at school or work etc 

So that's why for me instead of being something that happens when I get over excited, I NEED it to be something I consider very carefully before hitting send instead of feeling like "oh shit" after...

:)  Ive been feeling the burn too, but i recently realised a study method that actually works, and I'm remembering too and not just cramming and forgetting in 2 months. 

Autocorrect is fantastic and at the same time, savage and unforgiving. However, i enjoy trying to turn those moments into ridiculous jokes, where possible. I do read a couple times before I send though, to edit through and remove any unnecessary parts.  