Boyfriend advice please I’ve been seeing a guy with ADHD, started great, I got extra attention etc. To me he seemed a genuine caring guy who wasn’t a game player or ahole. I could tell something wasn’t quite right though with his random way and not sitting still. He told me he had ADHD, no problems I thought. Not long after we started seeing each other he found out he had to move out from where he just moved into ( it wasn’t his fault, I was there when his roommates decided to break up) so I started helping him find somewhere, we went to places to share with people and they all said no to him, maybe his talking turned them off not sure. Then he feel into depression and his contact with me dropped off. I didn’t see him for 2 weeks and things were ok when I did see him. He had moved out in that time but he’d also lost his job just before his contact stopped and I think that was because of his ADHD. He told me on the phone after he’d moved that he wasn’t contacting me as he didn’t want to involve me in his problems as he didn’t want to turn me off him. I’ve noticed he keeps things to himself and doesn’t want me helping him, thinks a man should be helping the woman. He’s told me that he cares about me and seems genuine. I haven’t seen him now for nearly 2 weeks again. He still texts but nowhere near as frequent. Last time we spoke he said he can’t see me until he’s got things sorted, he has a new job and has gone from working nightshidt to dayshift. He said something about hoping I’ll still be there for him when he’s ready or something. It’s like he can’t figure out how to see me at the moment. Im finding this very upsetting, i get he has issues, I have anxiety myself and I’ve always been sympathetic to other people’s problems and I accept them for how they are. I’ve been reading some of your stories to understand and I don’t get how some people just lose interest in their partner? What about us non ADHD people? This guy is probably distracted with something else and I’m left with a confused heart, ADHD can’t be an excuse for bad behaviour. I’ve asked him a few times now to tell me if he doesn’t want to see me and he keeps saying he does and need to sort stuff out. It’s very upsetting but I’m not ready to walk away. Im not sure if he takes any medication, I know he has trouble sleeping and he drinks a bit when I see him.  Let me start by explaining that ADHD *isn't* an inability to focus on something. It's an inability to control what you focus on. 

Most likely; he's going through a stressful time. He's feeling low, worthless and overwhelmed. His problems are sapping all his energy and he don't feel that he has enough left to pay you the attention that he wants to give you.

Where the ADHD will come in to this is the difficulty with planning for the future. He will keep telling himself that the problems are almost sorted and that he'll be able to devote time to you soon, but he'll be wrong about how long it's going to take. More and more problems will keep popping up and "soon" will keep moving further and further away.

Be aware that phonecalls/texts are difficult for people with ADHD. If I get a text I either reply instantly or never. Once the notification is gone, it's out of my mind as well. Don't read too much in to that.

If he'd lost interest, he would just move on. It's not an ADHD trait to keep you hanging around - we're impulsive and live in the moment.

My advice (until he's on a more even keel) would be "stolen moments". Find little spells of the day that you can spend together, whether it's a coffee before work, a sandwich at lunchtime or a movie on a Sunday morning. Things with a defined end time will be much easier for him to justify mentally and even a small amount of face-to-face time will make a big difference to both of you.
 I can't speak for him since I don't actually know him, but for me adjusting to major changes in life have always been really difficult. I don't think he has lost interest in you, he propably feels overwhelmed and is trying to get his life back on track before concentrating on yet another new thing, you. If he tried to fit you in right now with all the other stuff he's working on, it could soon result to him getting drained and exhausted (or that's how I would personally feel in his situation). Propably he's trying to work on himself/the changes he's had recently to eventually be able to be there for you better. Hope this helps! Bless you both. As an ADHDer I don't like people seeing me at my worst, especially people who's opinion I care for the most. He obviously likes you a lot and wants you to see him at his best. Finding the best way to get contact with him through this is hard. I think the best way is making sure you're with him for him.  My boyfriend now, for a time we broke up because he felt his life wasn't in order, and he wanted to give me the best. Eventually I convinced him I don't give a shit where he lives or what bloody car he drives or how he dresses, that I love him for him.  His autism is not an obstacle and it's part of the him I love. I hope you find the right words, maybe let him have his space but let him know you're waiting for him and accept him however. Sounds like he's had a shitty time. Is it worth just offering to hang out non romantically and just do something fun? My advice is just be there for him, and he'll see you for who you are and will see how much you care. The world needs more people loke you OP both of you hang in there. All the best. Thanks. I wish it were that easy but I haven’t seen him for 10 days, I last spoke in the phone with him 6 days ago. The last text I got was on Monday from him, usually I text first but I last texted him Saturday night to which he replied then I waited to see if he would text me and he did Monday night, he just said how was you day, mine was hectic and he’s ready for bed. I replied and got nothing then I sent a text last night late just saying hope he’s ok etc, then today sent a photo of me with my dogs saying have a good day hope to see you soon but still nothing. Since he’s been stressed he’s taken a day or so to reply and he usually says sorry for the late reply. But I’m worried this time that he’s gone for good. Is it bad to just stop by his house for a quick visit to see how he is or is that bad? I don’t want to send another “where do I stand text “ because I asked him that on the phone last week and I said if you don’t want to see me anymore just say right now so I know, but he said that’s not what he wanted. I understand how awful he must feel going through what he does each day but now I am. All day I go through scenarios in my head, did I say something wrong, what did he mean when he said this etc. it’s not nice  I went through something similar with my boyfriend we separated for a few months and it was a similar thing. We are back together now and stronger than we've ever been. Don't lose hope.  > Is it bad to just stop by his house for a quick visit to see how he is or is that bad? I don’t want to send another “where do I stand text “...

I'd wager that his house currently looks like he's been burgled. Might not be the best idea! Depending where he works, showing up there with something nice for lunch might be a better idea.

To avoid the "where do I stand" text, you could try an "I'm worried about you" text instead. You can also ask if he like it when you send him texts about what you're up to, or if he prefer a bit of space. My bet is that he likes getting them, he's just bad at replying.

> All day I go through scenarios in my head, did I say something wrong, what did he mean when he said this etc. it’s not nice.

Sounds like you suffer from Anxiety ;)

I know it's hard when thoughts start to go this way (my wife suffers from anxiety too) but try to avoid letting them spiral. Going over the same scenarios time and time again won't yield any useful answers. For each worry, either take an action or let it go. Writing them down can help. Also when he last texted me and asked how I was I told him I hadn’t been well and I’ve been in bed. He knows I get depressed and lay in bed as we’ve talked about it cause he is the same. Imworried he thought that he had made me depressed cause of his behaviour and has decided now to disappear because he might think I’m better off ? Help what have I done. Sorry I sound a bit neurotic  Thanks for your reply, I’m glad to speak to some people who understand. When I ask my friend she just says it’s just ADHD and he’s being a prick. Deep down I feel he’s trying to protect me from himself but when I read all the time that some sufferers lose interest in people I start to panic inside. The last time I spoke to him was last Friday and I told him I accepted him for who he was. I may have made a mistake though cause I expressed my thoughts on how I felt and he said I was making him feel worse, I told him I wasn’t trying to it’s just that I needed to see him cause I felt like he was pushing me away. I probably shouldn’t have said that in hindsight. I’m trying to be careful what I say but I’ve got feelings too. I suggested to go over and see him but he’s not up for it. He said he doesbt want to hang around the house and he wants to take me out but he doesn’t have the money. I know his new job is on his mind I don’t think he likes it much. I hope he returns to me, it’s very disheartening sending a text and getting nothing for 2 days. I used to get several all day. He has said in the past he sees things from my point of view but he seems to be further away. Is it possible he will forget me altogether? Is that what happens ? Shall I keep texting every few days even if I get nothing back, when do I draw the line ? Thanks for the advice, whilst I don’t have ADHD my brain still goes mental. I have serious trust issues with men and this guy knows that. He has told me several times he would be straight with me and let me know if he wasn’t interested. I guess I’ll just hang in there a bit longer. I have no patience and at the end of the day I have no idea what he’s thinking. When I spoke to him on the phone he told me to buy a house closer to him so he could ride his bike over to see me ( he lost his license) I said I would come to his house and he feels bad and said he should give me petrol money. I said before he moved that we would never see each other depending where he lives ( he used to live walking distance to my work and would visit me plus he was near a train line but not anymore. I was only joking when I said it though, he told me on the phone last week he keeps thinking about that comment but it was a joke. It’s like he can’t figure out how to see me. Anyway thanks it’s made me feel better talking to people who understand what I’m talking about. I have good days and bad days. I’ll plod along  Ask him for an honest response, if when he's up to it if he will commit and that he feels the same. If he does then let him know you'll give him that space he needs, and that you don't want to wait in vain. It sounds like your friends aren't the best peopke to ask perhaps sufferers and partners of sufferers are the best outlet and I think coming here was a very smart choice. I can tell you care a great deal about him, he's lucky to have you. Personally i think he sounds like he's having a bit if a wobbler and just keeo being as patient as you are, and just remind him every so often that you're here for him. Perhaps go for an angle of "Hey lets do something to cheer you up" rather than the emphasis being in a romantic thing. The fact he is still responding if somewhat sporadically tells me he's not lost interest. If he lost interest, spekaing as an ADHDer, you wouldn't hear from him at all. Sounds blunt by best way I could explain it. He's lucky to have you.  Going to break this one down since there is loads of interesting info in here:

>When I ask my friend she just says it’s just ADHD and he’s being a prick.

Is someone with Anxiety or Depression "just being a prick" when the cancel at the last moment? Why is ADHD any different?

> I may have made a mistake though cause I expressed my thoughts on how I felt and he said I was making him feel worse, I told him I wasn’t trying to it’s just that I needed to see him cause I felt like he was pushing me away.

If (as I suspect) he's currently feeling overwhelmed, the last thing he wants is to hear that he's making you feel bad. Its just pressure on top of pressure. Doesn't mean you were wrong to say it though.

> I’m trying to be careful what I say but I’ve got feelings too. 

Alter your mindset here. Don't be careful what you say, change how you say it. When he is overwhelmed, bring solutions rather than problems.

> I suggested to go over and see him but he’s not up for it. He said he doesbt want to hang around the house and he wants to take me out but he doesn’t have the money. 

Sounds a bit low and depressed, plus if he's overwhelmed his house is going to be in an embarrassing state. Take a look at options for free/cheap dates in your local area. Whether it's a picnic in the park, a walk somewhere pretty or a wander round a museum - give him some ready made suggestions of places he could take you. (I'd suggest the picnic in the park option - offer to meet him after work with a bottle of wine, a blanket to sit on and some snacks. Massively underrated date idea and dead easy to squeeze into a busy life)

> I hope he returns to me, it’s very disheartening sending a text and getting nothing for 2 days. I used to get several all day.

He's not gone. He still thinks about you - it's just turning those thoughts in to action that he's failing at. See also my previous comment about texts...

> Is it possible he will forget me altogether? Is that what happens?

Anyone can lose interest - ADHD or not. You might be the one who does, just as much as he might. That's relationships for you. If he does, he'll move on quickly. He won't keep hanging around if he's no longer interested.

> Shall I keep texting every few days even if I get nothing back

Keep making low pressure contact - Texts that don't require a response are great; "I saw this and thought of you", jokes or just things that have amused you throughout the day. If you want a reply I'd phone - much easier to have a 5 minute chat than to remember to reply to a dozen messages.

> When do I draw the line?

Whenever you've had enough, just like any other relationship. You don't owe him anything. In case it helps at all, people with ADHD are generally pretty bad at lying. We cannot remember what we've said previously and end up caught out every time. Most likely he is being completely straight with you, even when it only makes sense inside his own head. Well your advice was correct. I texted him that I was worried about him and he replied 3 hours later. I ended up going to his house last night. It was a bit annoying though as he mentioned things about his mates coming over and he’d done this and that. I thought he was depressed and doing nothing! What’s the best way to keep him interested when I see him. He’s says sweet things in text but when I see him he attention is all over the place. I don’t take it personal cause I know that’s how he is, and I don’t want to pick on him about it. I’m trying to treat him like a normal person if that makes sense. It’s just hard, I’m used to having a boyfriend that gives me a bit more. Sometimes I think that if I don’t text him I’ll never hear from him again. He seems to have put his attention to his new flatmate as he rang him twice when I was there just to talk about nothing. So what’s the tips to not appear dull?  Yeah thanks. I wondered that. I don’t think he lies but I think he confuses what he says. When he says something different to what he’s says before and I catch him out he says “ nah I didn’t mean it like that. He forgets stuff he’s told me too which is why I panic cause I’m worried he’s forgotten about the good things he’s said to me and he will easy forget me. He’s always been really nice to me, and always concerned about my welfare first and he has lots of empathy and always looking out for others. I guess that’s why I’m hanging in there.  >  When he says something different to what he’s says before and I catch him out he says “ nah I didn’t mean it like that. 

Sounds like an automatic defense mechanism he's built up over the years.

Ask me my opinion on something and I'll give you an honest answer. Ask me the same question later and I'll give you an honest answer again. It just might not be the same answer that I gave the first time, if I'm feeling different at that moment. 

My wife jokes that I could organise my own surprise party. That’s funny, yeah he’s always making plans and then there’s another plan. He thinks about plans for me as well. I can tolerate a lot but I’m not good when people disappear on me. He’s got a new job which he wanted but now he doesn’t. He has poor self esteem and told me he doesn’t like people. He’s got dogs and they make him happy. I think he likes being alone in his thoughts. How long do these episodes of disappearing last? Do you snap out of it and settle?  He’s been at his new job and place for 2 weeks. A normal person would be settled by then  I get the feeling that he’s used to people giving up on him, which is why I won’t yet. He’s said before that if we don’t work out he will be my friend for life. If he's the same as me, it doesn't feel like disappearing from his side. It just feels like getting in touch is the next thing on the to-do list, but somehow it never gets done.

to give you an example, I've just checked when I last spoke to any of my friends. It was over 10 days ago, and even that was just a handful of messages. I've not avoiding them, I've just been stressed and always either too busy or too tired.

There is no defined length that this will last. It's a product of lifestyle and environment more than something internal. He will snap out of it at some point, but it's more than just a matter of settling in to a place (for a normal person). It's about getting life under control, which is something that we struggle with.

As for people, they can be tiring for anyone with introverted tendencies. Keeping up the pretense of normal social interaction with new colleagues and acquaintances is not going to make him feel like socialising much with anyone else.

If you've not encountered "Spoon Theory" yet, look it up. He's running out of spoons at the moment. 

 I will. Thanks for your advice and taking the time to chat with me I really appreciate it. Hopefully things will work out well.  You're very welcome, it's been a pleasure. Best of luck! 