Reading books with ADHD I'm sure this is a pretty common issue so I'm wondering if anyone has any solutions. I've always loved reading when I was younger and could be 100% engaged in book for hours. But some point in high school this became harder and harder to do and now whenever I try to read, I can only do so for a short time and I'm barely engaged. I feel like I'm constantly wondering about how much I've read and how much longer the chapter is or preoccupied with a part from earlier that I don't remember. Sometimes a feeling of anxiety will distract me when im reading. Even medication isn't perfect because I still feel unmotivated to start reading and don't feel completely engaged in the story or the subject as I should. Keep in mind, these arent texts books (although I personally love textbooks). They are fantasy novels or historical fiction. Stuff that I'm interested in, but can't simply emerse myself in completely.

....help? I’ve got the same problem. I was an avid reader until after high school. Perhaps to much television had an impact. Otherwise I have no clue. we're living parallel lives. I think it's because there's such a saturation of distraction EVERYWHERE, which could totally be a cop out.  Exactly the same - enjoyed reading as a kid, then have read maybe three books total in the last 15 years. Have about 10 started, none more than 25% complete. I recently re-discovered audiobooks. It’s helped me discover several new book series I’m enjoying immensely.  Start easy.

1. Comics/Manga

2. Young Adult

3. Fiction

4. Non-Fiction I'm amazed to see this post - I'm exactly the same. Loved reading, read loads of books in my late teens then just stopped. Haven't read a full novel for 20 years, until just last month when I read one and it was such a struggle but I forced myself to finish it. 
I was constantly distracted, wondering when a chapter would finish, checking to see what the last page number of the book is then looking at the page number I was reading and calculating what percentage of the book was left to read. So frustrating. I’ve found listening to music with headphones helps. It creates a nice pace or rhythm to read to. I primary use Mozart and pretty lights. Songs with a lot of words are too distracting. Also try to read in an isolated area with limited distractions.  I used to not be able to read because I couldn't focus enough to get through a single chapter.

Since I started medication, I've been reading during my lunch breaks at work. My girlfriend is really into Fantasy and has gotten me hooked on a couple of series. I've read almost 5 books since September, one of them being 1000 pages long (The Wise Man's Fear - any KKC fans here?) I'm currently reading The Broken Earth trilogy, really enjoying it.

I look forward to reading on the bus and at work, but it's still hard to convince myself to do it at home unless I really force myself.

My advice is to try making it a habit to fit into your life somehow. Reading during my commute/lunch works great for me, but I'm lucky to have that free time. You could also try audiobooks! Bought a book I read about on here. Can't read more than a few pages at a time. The struggle is real.  There was a gif somewhere depicting how your mind drifts so that people without that issue can get an idea of what it's like. For me the best way to get through a book is to listen to the audiobook while driving, walking, or doing chores. Podcasts are also good for that.  I swear by highlighting, writing in, putting post-it flags in, etc. all the books I read (that I own). I highlight lines I find particularly beautiful or moving, flag paragraphs I really like/have questions on, and write notes in the margins (like definitions to words I didn't know, or things like "oh shit!!!!"). I find this reeeeeally helps me become more immersed in the text and it forces me to slow down (like others have mentioned) and truly appreciate what I'm taking in. I started the Brothers Karamazov ~2 years ago (since before I got properly medicated) and after restarting it and using this method, I'm close to the end! With books I don't own (or e-books), I just flag things and highlight things using the PDF reader, respectively.  Omg this is me I was even on battle of the books in middle school and I was the one who read some of the books twice 
But in my case it’s reading for nursing school so no wonder I can’t seem to focus
Go read a book you read when you were a kid like the lightning thief and see if that holds your attention super well. I find the easier a book is to read the faster I can read it and the less I get distracted. I haven’t read for fun in 8 years and that’s what I’m going to be doing this summer. I like Colleen Hoover for romance and dan brown for mystery and action. Clive cussler is one of my dads favorites and he has adhd. 
 https://youtu.be/plzNOxayDdw 

He gives really helpful tips on reading with ADHD (and dyslexia)  I’m a pretty big reader. I try to not pick up a book over 300 pages. Some times I can read a page a couple times bc of distractions. And sometimes I lose interest in a book after 30-40 pages. I just dropped my last book at more than half way through, it just wasn’t that interesting. I do like young adult for quick reads. 
My SO is a good reader, so we do read at night, every night. That’s nice.  I always loved reading, but it's something I have finite energy for.

Like when I was in university and had to read a lot for my courses, I just didn't have the mental bandwidth to read a lot for fun on top of that. Plus I noticed the same as you, the attitude from the assigned reading, like counting the pages carried over. 

When I got back into reading after university it took some time to build up the attention span for books again. Books like Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels were easiest, they're genius, there's a nice flow and they're so funny that I just don't want to stop reading them.

Besides that, audiobooks are brilliant. There's something comforting about knowing exactly how long the book is going to take and being able to fidget a bit without dropping the book really helps me with staying focused. (If you play games with grindy parts, there's nothing more zen to me than mindlessly gathering mats with an audiobook on).  I have an account on Goodreads and checking off books that I've read is a bit of a motivation for me.  Sometimes it's like checking off something on a to-do list because usually I'm reading that is on my Goodreads list of books I want to read.

By default your contacts on there will see the update about how you finished the book, but I just delete that. SAME ISSUE! sophomore year of HS I read 50 books in one year, and a lot of them were thicc lil bitches too. Fast forward to sophomore year in college, and I can read like. Maybe half an hour at a time compared to 10 hours straight. I just started meds and I'm hoping it will help; I think its largely from being mentally exhausted from school and also from feeling like I *cant* sit around and read because theres si much else I need to do. Can totally relate. I can only read when I’m in a certain state. So if I’ve gone to the gym and feel calm but not overly tired. The times where I can sit and focus on a book are few and far between which is why I prefer podcasts and audiobooks. But yeah. My advice would be not to force it. Read when you feel like you can. Don’t stress when you feel like you can’t. Hope that helps  I also really enjoyed reading when I was younger, but now I find it difficult to sit and read a book. I think it's because as I got older, teachers started trying to tell me which books I had to read. I just can't read a book when the teacher tells me I have to read it. 
For example, one of my favorite books ever is called Unwind. It was a required reading book when I was in ninth grade, and I was super excited. I had already read it three times, but when the teacher started saying which chapters I had to read and what assignments we had to do- I just couldn't read the book. It has happened with other books too, I just couldn't read what someone was telling me to read. And now I can only read books when it is super interesting to me. 

Tldr: school ruined my love of books and reading In my childhood/schooltime I was better at reading then today. I think adhd feels more serve when you get more responsibility in life. When I try to read today(for Uni, or hobby) my thoughts a more in movement with all kinds of things I have to do. The thing is that I know I have to read for uni, but can’t calm my mind, structure it and prioritize it. 
All thoughts have the same priority level. 

When i had to write exams in school, I try to learn the whole topic from memory. I just can’t say what’s important and what’s not. 

Forming habits is hard, even harder if you have to form the feeling of that habit.  [deleted] I love reading. I read about 50 books a year. Reading is the only hobby that has managed to turn into a legit hobby. 

Reading is seductive, it's a drug because my mind can go wild and I create these beautiful worlds I can only see. Books inspire emotions and suspension. Modern entertainment has become predictable. Old recycled stories that get even more horrible boring with each passing year.

Also, I'm always reading 3 books at a time. An audiobook, ebook and book. Haha.

I also have the most horrible habit of hyperfocusing when reading. I can easily finish a 300 page book in a day. It's so bad that I used to get in trouble in grade school for reading while the teacher taught lol. The paradigm of the time! Ready set Go

It pushes forward what we do, Oh My! The new book of Goethe is out in the market, all the 1800 century adhdians rushes the bookstore

Why are yee not in the fields? 

Why are yee spending all forenoon thusly?

without further ado: on the subject of tips: [Bart and millhouse](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Millhouse+cup+and+ball) Open up any book, then contemplate whatever sentence is before you

I like to do this with tolkien, as it is a joy to contemplate such beautiful language, but reading everything is tiring  TV actually got me to read more because the scenes that play out in my head as I read are vivid because of all the tv I've seen. I should be as emersed in the book as I am in a show. Coincidentally, I've been having g a similar immersion problem with tv and movies. Manga is usually easier to read, but I've been struggling to get through the marvel comics I have backlogged since it's a lot more dense with words and because of the nature of the marvelverse, the story telling is soooo not linear. Friggin Chris clairmonts f4 is a good example. Hard as hell to get through despite being awesome YA is not easy or simple just because it’s a teen narrator.  Sometimes it helps to listen to music that fits the book, but I generally don't like noise when I'm reading as it distracts me during the slower parts. That's the exact book I'm struggling through right now! I managed to get through the first one with the help of medication, but I feel like I'm getting diminished returns now (tolerance probably). I tried to make reading a routine, but the issue was that I couldn't fully get into it. Since I was forcing it, I wasn't really enjoying it. Which is a damn shame because Patrick rothfuss is a brilliant writer. 

(Not a fan of audiobooks for fantasy because a single voice doing multiple characters makes me cringe) There's only two books that I can read normally and those are my two favorite books: The hitchhikers guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams and And then there were none by Agatha Christie. Both I read in middle School and several times in high school and then again recently when I was feeling nostalgic. 

But I read Harry Potter books in 3rd grade within a week, but now it would take me that long to read up to the train scene in every book. (Although I've also grown out of HP so it might just be a lack of interest)

 [deleted] I feel that I've sorta been this way. Consistently exercising for a week and taking it easy and not worrying about reading gets me in the mood to read more on weekends. But I have that part of having ADHD is never being in the right mood to do something that I know I would otherwise enjoy.  Tldr: schools hate books and reading. Damn.. that's intense. Im guessing You hyperfocused when you wrote this yea? When a book is truly well written and engaging, I definitely experience all the emotions and awe of the world and the characters. I actually cried for the first time while reading a book, not because the scene was sad, but because the description of the scene was so beautifully, creatively done, I felt like was among the characters there, experiencing the same emotions they were. 

But I can't hyperfocus like that so the moment I get pulled out of the trance like immersion, I lose focus and can't get back into it.  There are definitely certain books that are extremely dense but written with such thoughtful, elouqunt, finesse that it rather easier to read. It's one of the reasons why I can still read hitchhikers guide without any issues. But most books aren't that way unfortunately so it can't be done with every book.  I recommend about a Grade 7 level. I thoroughly enjoyed the Wide-Awake Princess (same author as the Princess and the Frog) and the Sherlock Files (protagonists are twins named Xena and Xander). Not to complex to lose track of from session to session, but I found them interesting enough to stick with it. How far are you? The book kind of drags at parts. I took a break around half way through, which was a good decision, because the second half of the book is incredibly awesome. It felt like reading an entirely new book. I always have a couple going, one audio for driving and walking, and a fiction and nonfiction.  Yeah. Makes sense. Before I used to try and force myself to read even when I wasn’t in the mood. And of course I would struggle. Then I would get mad at myself for not being able to do it and wasting my
time etc. Vicious circle. I’ve found my life is a lot less stressful when I go with the flow. Not in the mood to read? Cool. Do something else that’s productive. And so on.  [deleted] Dirk gently was certainly a great tv-show Books shelves as middle grades can usually be read in a sitting and are action or character driven. ThT may be a good place to start.  I'm not even half way through because I took a break to prepare for grad school applications. I'll read a couple chapters every now and then which make the slower parts less of a chore I think. Especially since I find his time in school  to be sorta underwhelming, but are more interesting if read in an episodic manner. Butof course it takes forever. I get maybe 10 chapters a month if im in the mood frequently enough I would say I wish I had that, but I experience it when I take adderall. Once I was setting up a DnD campaign on them...I didn't see the sun set so when I finally finished, it was the following morning and I had an exam in a couple hours. It's scary and a bummer when you fail to aim it in the right direction 