Need advise from other Gay/Bi/Asexual ADHDers... Hyperfocusing on my sexuality and overthinking it to the point it's a major problem for me. (Wall of text, so sorry, blame the Ritalin) So ever since I've been 13 I've been confused about my sexuality, I'm 26 now. For years I thought I was straight as my first couple crushes were on girls. Then, as my porn habits eventually turned more homoerotic I decided I must be Bi since I liked both...

When I was 22 I finally got into my first LTR (which was with a woman) and we were emotionally very in sync. However sex was an issue, I was never motivated for sex and would really only have it when she wanted, and the first month of the relationship I couldn't get it up at all and had to quit porn to fix it. This obviously led to her being very self-conscious and me being more confused than ever. The sex *felt* good, and I loved her, but I would have been fine fapping the rest of that relationship instead of ever having sex again... by the end of the relationship I was watching a lot of gay porn and was totally disinterested in sex, soon after I broke up with her as in my head I (thought I) realized I was just gay after all...

Since then I've been trying to come to terms with that for the last few years. I've hooked up with a few guys and semi-dated one for a few months but it still didn't feel right. I still couldn't get hard for the first while and wasn't really enjoying any of the sex either (for the most part, stuff feels good but I'm so nervous and self-conscious I can't get out of my own head to enjoy it). I don't know, I overthink it so much that at this point I have no idea what's real or not. I don't know if I'm Bi, Asexual, Gay, it's driving me insane.

Have any of you had similar issues overthinking your sexuality? I haven't been able to decide what I actually *like* in 13 years, just made a big checklist of stuff that hasn't worked. At this point sex is a huge chore, I never get hard for it anymore until like a month of knowing someone, and even then I don't enjoy it and usually don't finish. I'm at a loss, any advise would be greatly appreciated. It sucks seeing your friends in happy relationships and I haven't even gotten as far as most teens in terms of self-identifying. Hey I feel this so so hard. I only realized I was bi at the age of 17 or so, having crushed intensely on boys all my life. I also thought I was asexual for the longest time, because I wasn't actually sexually interested in any boy, ever. When I got my first girlfriend that changed almost immediately. I still have a very low sex-drive, and am as you, fairly disinterested in actually doing it. It's fine when we start, but it often feels like a chore. Anyways, I definitely like girls. Sexually and romantically. I gradually got less and less interested in boys, until there came a time where I was like "yeah, I'm bi, but I don't really like dudes". I realized that was dumb, and started tentatively labeling myself as lesbian.  It still feels weird, because what the heck were all those intense obsession-like crushes? I've come to think they were hyperfixations on guys I wanted to befriend, but befriending boys wasn't an option as a young girl. 

Through all of this, I have hyperfocused like madly on my sexuality. Every time I discovered, or thought I discovered, something new about my sexuality, I went into full research-mode, seeking out bloggers, discussing it endlessly etc. I haven't really announced this whole lesbian thing because it's unnecessary as everyone knows I prefer girls, and I'm worried this is just another one of those phases. 

Have you actually dated guys? For me the biggest turning point was getting in a same gender relationship for the first time. I realized that that was what I really wanted with my love life. Guys might be cute and stuff, but knowing what I could have with girls it wasn't even an option to date boys. So like, I would really just advise you to get out there and test things. Being non-straight can be tough because it feels like you do those things that are supposed to be teen-things WAY later than any other, but hey, there's so few of us, it's not realistic we should be able to figure this stuff out without anyone to date.  Are you me? I’m a 21 yo guy currently going through something very similar right now. Whenever I’m with a gal I wonder if I’m gay and whenever I’m with a guy I wonder if I’m bi/straight. I’ve never had sex because I’m not motivated at all to have it, and even when I’ve come close to it, my focus breaks and I get distracted. 

And yeah I’m hyper focused on my sexuality. It’s maddening. It never feels right and it’s so frustrating. I always get overwhelmed by the what-ifs. I keep on thinking that I’ve got my sexuality figured out but I never do. I don’t know what attraction should feel like and I just feel indeterminate right now.

It also doesn’t help that I come from a conservative background and go to a conservative school so I’m constantly getting the message that it’s wrong to even think about your sexuality outside of heteronormativity.

If you want to PM me and we can talk more privately then feel free to do so. There’s more I want to say but I don’t want to say it in a public comment. Sooo, don’t really know what you’re going through and I’m not going to pretend like I do, I’m straight and have a normal libido (I think). I do understand it must be a real struggle though.

Your post just got me thinking that maybe you are just not getting the dopamine response most people get from having sex? like it’s just comes down to a chemical imbalance because of your adhd. Combine this with easily getting distracted and a lot of experiences where sex feels like a chore, so now your brain associates sex with a boring task? I’m clearly just speculating but it could be something to consider. Maybe revision of your meds could help with the dopamine, but if you’ve mentally associated sex with something negative it’s going to take some work and time and someone you’re comfortable with.

I’m not going to speculate in your sexual preferences though , whatever you are is fine even if it’s constantly changing , whatever makes you happy bro! But the behavior kind of reminds me of people who self medicate their adhd, they know consciously or subconsciously something is wrong and try to find ways to feel what they want to feel moving from one substance to the next hoping they find something that works.
Again purely speculations but maybe helpful. Hope you figure it out man!

Edit: if you’ve had trouble getting it up in the past it could be causing a lot of stress every time you are going to have sex. It happens to everyone sometimes and I know I definitely stress about for a while after something like that happens. You stress about getting it up, stress makes getting it up harder which causes more stress an on the spiral goes. The way you describe it it gets better the more comfortable you get with a person but your always stressing about it which makes you not enjoy the sex. The brain is the most important sexual organ and it can cause a lot of issues. Maybe you should consider therapy or cbt to help you deal with negative thought patterns? I have no relationship experience whatsoever but this is really interesting. Why do you force yourself into sex/relationships even though you don’t particularly enjoy it and it feels like a chore? Why not just be single? Isn’t relationships just friendship+intimacy&sex anyway? **TL;DR: Got stuck on it for a few years, finally found an answer my brain was happy with and POOF I didn't care anymore.** 

Yeah I went through a few years of freaking out about it. I was worried I might be trans and what that meant for my relationships, found out I was bi, things like that. 

One day I got really sick and tired of being stressed out about something so... non tangible? I took a bunch of online quizzes about sexuality and transitioning, landed right in the middle of everything, and decided well that's it then. I'm right in the middle. No wonder I'm so goddamn confused! 

And like it always does, whatever was keeping my mind stuck just 'clicked' and I suddenly didn't care about it anymore. The answer was satisfying enough that I could move on with my life. 

Everything's fluid and everything's a spectrum, none of it is tangible measurable stuff- the worst kind of vagueness that ADHD THRIVES on. It's hard stuff to work through. Best of luck! I'm a 28 y/o gay girl, and as someone who has spent her whole life trying to unpack and figure out my fuckin sexuality and gender identity, I totally feel you!

&#x200B;

From what I read in your post it sounds like one of the big stressors for you is how you're struggling with enjoying sex/struggling with sexual performance. And that seems to me to be directly linked to your anxiety surrounding your sexuality - "am I gay? am I bi? am i asexual?". I know you already know this part but it really stood out to me.

&#x200B;

I can't figure out how to say this without it sounding like a direct contradiction, but I think you should give yourself plenty of room and patience to worry about it without WORRYING about it. Sexuality is such a fluid, ever-changing thing for many people, there's nothing wrong with figuring it out (and experiencing changes or evolutions) throughout your entire life. And everyone moves at their own pace -- there's no deadline for 'figuring it out' for yourself.

&#x200B;

Finally, I would suggest trying to take the questions of sexuality out of the equation for a minute. Take some time to think about where exactly you're hitting a wall when it comes to intimacy, relationships, etc. and definitely consider meeting with a therapist as well! If you do want to go the therapist route, I'd ask other LGBT friends if they know any knowledgeable therapists or counselors. If you can't get a direct referral, check your town's local equality network or LGBT/PFLAG/GSA whatever -- they usually have a directory for things like this.

&#x200B;

Personally, I've always known I was gay (would have known even earlier if we weren't all assumed to be straight as children, but i digress) but I didn't have a real girlfriend until age 19. After that, I was single for the majority of my 20s with a handful of short relationships but nothing longer than a year. This bummed me out to no end and all I wanted was to settle down with some cute girl like all my friends were doing. At 25 I met the most amazing woman and we've been together for 3.5 years now! We own a house, have 4 beautiful pets, and are boring as FUCK. I wouldn't change it for the world, now that I'm here, but that doesn't mean I wasn't miserable and lonely a lot of the time when I was single. I spent a ton of time wondering what was wrong with me that I wasn't in a relationship, but it all worked out just fine.

&#x200B;

It sounds to me like anxiety and self-doubt or low self-esteem may be directly impeding you from going after what you truly want. This is a big struggle for us LGBT folks because even in the most supportive families and communities, most of us still grow up with a fair amount of internalized shame. Especially if you aren't thinking about it, that shame can sneak in and paint all of your interactions, emotions, thoughts and feelings in a completely different light and twist everything around until you're spun out and completely unsure of yourself. So just remember there is nothing wrong with taking your time, being honest with yourself (and your partner/s) and you're always allowed to change your mind. Imho you are just experiencing a side effect of the damage porn can have on the developing mind. I know my answer probably won't be popular, but that doesn't make it incorrect. There are some good books written on the subject if you'd like to dig deeper. Thanks, nice knowing I'm not alone here. I had that realization for women for me a few years ago, "yeah I'm bi, but I don't reaaaally like chicks...". Right now I'm at the point where I think that's dumb and (internally) consider myself gay, I really relate to your idea about those childhood crushes. Most of the girls I crushed on were people I really wanted to be friends with, or wanted to be part of their social circle. The girl I had a LTR with (2 years) I related to emotionally very strongly. She was also Bi, so when at the time I thought I was too it seemed like the perfect fit... I think I just liked her a lot as a person, but there was never much if any sexual attraction.

I'm gonna try to get out there with guys again I think, I'm very scared of the idea of it though. I downloaded Grindr and that was alright but it's so hard to find someone I'm comfortable around... I'm gonna give it another go I think thank you very much for all the advice.  I definitely have a lot of negative thoughts and self-esteem issues, as I'm sure many fellow ADHDers do lol. I've just started going to therapy again so if I feel comfortable with my therapist I'll probably open up about this with her in the coming months. I think everything you said is exactly correct, sex has become a boring, exhausting task that I get no pleasure (dopamine) out of. It's not exciting, and not arousing so of course I'm not going to enjoy it.

I guess if my brain isn't responding to sexual stimuli maybe I've been so confused because neither gender is doing anything for me in my current state. I thought women would be right for me, but it didn't feel right so I tried to rationalize why. Then I thought men must be right for me, but it felt largely the same. Both took lots of work, effort, and I didn't enjoy either very much or at least not as much as I *should* be.

I think I need to find someone I'm just incredibly confortable around. Maybe this probably stems from having sexual encounters with people who didn't really "get" me, leading to me being so nervous and scared. The only time sex has been *ok* for me was in my straight LTR, and that was because the person I was with really understood me and let me go at my own pace. The fact that she was a woman may have been my downfall, but if I can find that with a man maybe it'll actually make sense.

Thanks, you definitely gave me some food for thought. Being single is fine but it's not what I want in life. I still get lonely, and even though I don't know what my ideal relationship would look like I know I want one in some shape or form.

It would be nice to have someone I could really open up to, I just don't know how much sex I would want to have with that person. I still get lonely and desire companionship, it's just always been a mess when I pursue it. 