Trouble focusing while reading Hi there.

I have trouble concentrating / focusing while reading. ie I will read a whole paragraph and page and then realize I haven't retained a single point from it.

I find that it's because I'm too aware of my surroundings, I'll listen in to peoples conversations across the office for no reason or start thinking about something completely random and only when I stop myself and think "stop this, get back to reading" will I realize.

I don't really have any other adhd symptoms but this is really hurting my ability to learn.

I'm 19 years old and male.

Could I have adhd?

What are some text book symptoms that most people have?

Thanks for any help.  I feel your pain.  This is why I always did poorly on reading comp despite my decent range of vocabulary.
You've just gotta take it slow. Try reading in your head with a voice and see if that helps. Do you visualize in detail while you read? I find that reading aloud (even if I just whisper because other people might be around) helps a lot. Especially with longer texts or non-fiction texts, or text that I was required to read (reading for me is easier when done voluntarily and because the I have a huge interest in what I am reading up on). The thing that has helped me the most in reading comprehension is to summarize what you're reading. I'm assuming you're reading out of a textbook but it doesn't really matter, just keep a journal or something around and summarize the chapter or sections in it. I can usually compress a chapter in a book into 1-2 pages of dense information, it also helps when studying later to have that to go back and read over. I'm pretty sure that this needs to be handwritten as I've heard that writing forms stronger memories than typing but the difference likely varies from person to person. Thanks for the advice!

It is really hindering because I have all this motivation to learn the stock market but I feel as I read that I'm just wasting my time. Yes I also do this, or imagine youre expaining it to other people as you read it so that your mind keeps active on the task Don't let yourself hold yourself back.  I managed to get a pretty good hold of Japanese despite me disabilities. If you yearn for it you can do it. Learn to take notes and use SRS software to memorize things like Anki.  I think that can help a lot. Yeah that's exactly what I do :D I try to read it in a tone as if I'm on TV or as if I am the teacher or whatever. It makes me help focus, why ever that is.  I've tried this but I find my mind focuses too much on the speaking out part and it distracts me somehow.

Thanks for suggestions though! 