How do you balance your text/message response time? I feel I either hyper focus on texting someone and get nothing else done, or take hours to respond if I remember at all. I know my inconsistency is very frustrating to others. Has anyone found a good strategy for maintaining a healthy middle ground? No, not really. Sometimes I immediately reply, sometimes it takes days (I do try to consistently mark messages as unread). I eventually only want to reply sporadically. If it is important, people will call.

A useful tip for more productivity at work is picking set times for checking and replying to email. Maybe you can use the same tip with text/messages? For example replying at 9:00, 13:00 and 19:00?  That way you won’t feel like your missing stuff and people will get used to it.  I really hope someone replies with some good tips because my unability to do this is hindering my life and relationships. 

I'm the same, either I do nothing but talk to someone or then I take the entire day or even a week to get back to someone. 
On social media when I know it's not urgent I will take even months sometimes, or then never even though I want to and feel awful about it.  Not yet.  If it's -super- important, then I'll try to reply right after reading it. But then again I guess if it's really important the person will try to call haha. Otherwise I can go a few days without responding. People think I am crazy when they look at my phone and see I have about 40 unread messages 😂😂. I can only really open ones im interested in, like ones from close friends. And I never get around to replying to the messages I'm not so interested in as I get overwhelmed by the amount of mental energy it's going to take to respond :/  I use an extension called Boomerang for gmail which lets me:  


1. Schedule messages. So, I can reply immediately, and then schedule it to send in a few hours so I don't look weirdly ultraresponsive. I also use it so if I'm writing an email at 2am, I can schedule it to send at 9am so I look more normal  

2. Tell an email to disappear and return to the top of your inbox at a certain time. You can use this to have, for example, your flight details returned to you on the morning of the flight. Or, an email you need to reply to later, but don't want to be distracted by right now, returned in a day  

3. Just Pause Inbox so you don't get any emails until your designated email-checking time

4. Also, when you've sent an email, you can say "return this email to me if I haven't got a reply in \[a week\]" or whatever. So you don't have to think about it and track it  


I know this doesnt help with texts! But thought if you have the same issue with email, it could help If people are upset that you aren't responding \_immediately\_ that's their problem, not yours.  

&#x200B; I fight the cell phone a lot. It’s rough. If I need to get something done and I’m struggling I turn the phone to silent and put it out of sight in another room. Sometimes I forget to respond but that’s life. The people closest to me understand that and I apologize if it becomes an issue 