ADHD parent diagnosed at 32 - seeing similar traits in child(ren, possibly.) Edit: extra enters for paragraphs. I understand not reading a wall of text in an ADHD forum. lmao!

TL;DR - I think at least 2 of my kids might have ADHD, and I'm torn between getting them diagnosed and on meds, or helping them manage it and find ways to work with it like I did, then diagnose as an adult.

So, my story is that I grew up in advanced classes, still getting done with work before others, being incredibly bored, so I was constantly on trouble for being chatty and disruptive. I found, after comparing with friends, and getting in trouble enough that things weren't the same for me than others. I was constantly chastised for doing the minimum required of me, how far I could go if I just applied myself. That I was being rude, or I was just forgetful and I need to work harder. I didnt keep friends as much, I cared about them, but I'd forget to ask them how this important thing we talked about when, or return the "so how are you?" I cared but I never absorbed what they said.


I started wondering what's wrong we with me. I found ways to manage it, I end up spending 30% of my time and brain power actively focusing on what's at hand, shit ton of sticky notes, remonders, etc. I figured I was just a kid, I'll grow out of it...just a teen...still young adult I'm still growing.. then I wasn't on my folks insurance any more, and state doesn't pay for mental health. Lol... so once o got a job with insurance again, and I stayed at a job long enough to notice the 70/30 attention split, I went to a psychiatrist, and she cut me off 15 minutes into talking to me telling me that I should stop doubting myself and start moving forward knowing I have ADHD.


We still haven't found quite the right combination, but taking meds the first time was like clearing out the fog, turning on the lights, or putting on glasses. Suddenly there wasn't a rave going on in my head but a quiet night at home. It was a pivotal moment in my life, and I had instant regret. Why did I wait so long? What could I have achieved if I was on meds at a younger age? Maybe I could still have friends, could have went to college...sky really was the limit.
Now with these thoughts and experiences...I'm looking at my 14 year old which is a carbon copy of me, and I'm hearing the same issues and the same frustrations. I am so torn because I know there are a lot of doctors that just push medicating and...


I don't want to...


1. Have my kid dependent on medication. 

2. Start medication young and continually have to increase tolerance. 

3. The physical repercussions to a the body, especially while he is still growing, just terrifies me.

4. Misdiagnoses. I'm weary of the medical/pharmesuedical industries, and I dont want my kids on meds if they dont need to be. 

5. Substance abuse and peddling. I know that this is prevalent everywhere but we live in a privileged area, and I know that study drugs are the drug of choice around here. 

(6. Because it is a reason for me but I know I literally just said where would I be if I had meds at a younger age, BUT...I was able to manage it and I've still done pretty well for myself...) 


Second concern is 2nd child is 11, and has an IEP. When she was a baby she was diagnosed with high functioning autism, and as she grew they have changed that to simply "slow-processing," like her brain operates in a different language and she needs to do additional steps to translate. I'm finding more and more lately that it just seems to me that she's a visual learner and a bit quiet. Seems like any other person, we all have quirks and issues even as adults. Lol. Anyway, I'm starting to think that she may also have ADHD. I've been thinking this for some time but another user posted about the quiet ADHD folks, and that hit the nail on the he as d for her as well.


Two completely different kids, same concerns, I would really appreciate some different view points on this one. I listed 6 reasons I dont want to, but do they really outweigh their potential future?  First off: DIAGNOSE DIAGNOSE DIAGNOSE!!!!  Even if your kids never go near meds ever, the sheer validation of having a professional tell you that you're not lazy, those simple tasks are just really hard for you, is doubly helpful because it stops the flow of pointless self deprecation and also jumpstarts the process of removing the self-deprecation that's been there for years.  
   
  Next, your specific comments:  
  
  1) If your kid needed glasses, would you want them to squint for fear they'd depend too much on those glasses?  You'd probably just get them the glasses and accept that, while it's not great to need them, it's a lot better than needing them and not using them.  
  
  2) According to my psychiatrist, the tolerance increase is a myth.  If a person feels like they're losing the effect of the meds (talking about Adderall if it matters) they can just stop taking them for a day, which will remind them what it feels like to go drug-free, since a lot of the tolerance feeling comes from forgetting what it feels like to not be on meds.  
  
  3) One effect that ADHD meds have on growing kids is that they pause growth: it's a major reason why kids tend to go off meds on weekends and over the summer.  That being said, my understanding is that the kids will grow during the med-free periods and eventually reach the same height they'd otherwise attain, albeit slower.  Other physical issues can be managed, and frankly, if your kids take the medication seriously, they'll have to maintain a healthy lifestyle to see the best results anyway.  In particular, cardio is super duper important to people with ADHD, and is one of the best ways to try and prevent the sort of heart problems that can arise from too much stimulant use, so it kills multiple birds with one stone.  
  
  4) Possible, but given your ADHD and the fact that it's genetic, the psychiatrist is most likely to look at ADHD and other similar disorders that share that genetic link, and try to parse out between them.  The other disorders aren't usually medicated, they're things like dyslexia and autism (and IBS, for some reason...).  
  
  4a) I understand the desire to keep your kids from taking too many or unnecessary medicine.  But preventing someone from getting the help they need is just as, if not more dangerous and painful to the child.  I strongly recommend discussing the possibility of medication, especially with the fourteen year old.  
  
  5) People who really need ADHD meds don't tend to be the sort to sell their prescription.  Furthermore, if someone who needs medication doesn't get it through an official avenue, their chances of becoming addicted (for ADHD it's usually to alcohol, pot, or especially cocaine) goes up big time: the person won't think of it as self-medication, but if they feel more competent when they're high or if the drugs temporarily treat a problem they constantly suffer from, then they have a powerful reason to keep using.  
  
  6) Impulsivity is an issue for people with ADHD, but it can be treated, or addressed with planning and practice.  If you are particularly concerned, then there are ways to make it hard for your kid to get any more than their daily dose (e.g. all pills go into a safe and kid gets one pill a day that they take with breakfast) as well as getting extended release variants, which aren't as useful for people trying to get high.  I would also be frank with your kid and say that you want to help them but that you are genuinely concerned (maybe even mention that you worry because it's what you would have done at their age, and since you guys possibly have the same problem, that's really worrying you).  Teenagers can be rough, but you might find that, given you have a very powerful aid on your side, your kid is particularly cooperative because they want the benefits they get when they take their meds.  
  
  7). Autism and ADHD are thought to share the same genetic link, alongside dyslexia, GAD, chronic depression, and, as I mentioned, IBS (*one of these things is not like the others*) They're also highly comorbid: I have both, and compensated for the whole "born speaking a different language" thing by learning actual different languages-really helps wth your English after a while.  
  
   The main manifestations of ADHD are inattentive (the space cadet), hyperactive (the wall counter) and combination (the...wall cadet?  space bouncer?).  
  
  Anyway, good luck, and get a professional to diagnose your kids!  Regardless of what they end up having, being able to name a diagnosis and research trends is really helpful! 
  
   LPT: P A R A G R A P H S  
  
Real LPT: Reddit formatting is weird. If you just hit enter you'll end up with a wall of text instead of paragraphs, even though it'll look fine when you're writing it. To get it to look right for everyone else, end every paragraph with two spaces.  
  
Sorry, I know it's not the advice you asked for, but it'll definitely help you get more responses on this subreddit. Walls of text are like ADHD repellant ;)   I personally would want to have been put on meds and raised to believe its wonderful that science will allow me to always be on meds for the rest of my life.  Make a culture where staying on meds is the wise, strong, ambitious thing to do.  And build a foundation of ‘management of my ADHD’ on top of that. 

I got diagnosed at age 7.  My mom (who it super ADHD) says at age 8 I said I didn’t want to take it anymore, so she stopped.  My dad (her ex) always thought it was bologna.  So I fell behind, felt like a fuck up.  But knew I was smart. Was told by coaches and teachers thst my problem was lack of grit.  Then for middle school she sent me to military school (slept at home) so I could get some “structure.”   You can guess how that went.

I clearly remember that I was set up from day one not to take it on the summers, that if i’m strong I’ll outgrow it.   

Get them on meds.  Summers and weekends. 

 Thank you for the response, I really appreciate it, and I'm hearing things that reflect my feeling as well...well, all but 1. Glasses isn't the best comparison, glasses doesn't have an impact on the body when used the way ritalin or adderall does, but I see what you're getting at.

The self deprecation hits so close to home. Definitely diagnosis is necessary, regardless of medication. That's really the kicker there.

You have some really great insight behind ADHD, do you happen to have source for me to site my kinda sorta maybe doesn't believe in the widespread ADHD diagnosis, and thinks that focus is like a muscle we just gotta exercise to get better at it. I credibly frustrating to discuss ADHD with him. Fixed thank you!!! Lmao. I am 100% guilty of not reading a wall or text no matter how bad it hooks me. 1) What specific impacts are you concerned about?  
  
I've got a couple: I've watched all of Barkley's videos (in the sidebar), and I've listened to *Driven to Distraction* cover to cover.  Both sources are a little dated (5-10 years), but still highly regarded.   Well, mine initially was just the cardio, and the side effects like insomnia and whatnot. No there is some concern about their growth as well. And one of the bigger ones is that we all totally have the addictive personality and I really don't want them to abuse it. Like it wears off and they pop another to get thru however long they need, or another because it didnt feel like it was working. I mean teenage years of instant gratification, and shortest possible way to completion...it just seems so risky to have that at such a young age.

Granted,  I am very open with them and I talk to them about risks and awareness, and things that I deal with, including ADHD. So, as is parenting in general...I just have to keep up parenting as best I can and hope for the best. Lol.. The heart risks tend to come from pre-existing defects or heavy dosage (i.e. fully fledged addiction), and again, cardio=best solution (for the insomnia as well, provided you exercise early enough).  Also, I heard recently that autism apparently affects the body's ability to produce and regulate melatonin, which messes with sleep quality, ease, and depth.  I recently started taking supplements and found them very helpful provided I got my cardio in.  For reference, I live in an incredibly sunny area: vitamin D shortage is not a problem for me.  
  
  Regarding the addictive personality, I'm not sure I've ever met someone who has ADHD and doesn't have an addictive personality.  It's a risk, and combined with ADHD's nature as a developmental disability, and enhanced one for your kids, but given the nature of ADHD meds (aim to make you feel more even and less like you have to chase every last high), the potential addiction might actually be its own treatment.  Combine that with very frank talks (I'd also consider some sort of amnesty agreement as well: where you promise your kids that if they get into trouble with drugs/alcohol and its life-threatening, they won't get punished if they seek help and you find out because of that), a psychiatrist's help and advice, external roadblocks (like the safe, which only you would know the combination to-don't pick something obvious), and the fact that achieving things can be rewarding in their own way, especially for a kid with ADHd who's probably been beating themselves up most of their life for not being able to do those things, it really might not be that bad.  Frankly, you might be able to establish a healthy habit, where your kids learn what it feels like to be on meds, and, if they use or sell their monthly prescription later in life, they'll feel the consequences within a day and most likely want to go back to when things felt sane and they weren't so frazzled.   BTW, the growth thing is most likely caused by appetite suppression, from what I've read, and is not a direct effect of the medication.  And the effect is small.  Making sure to eat healthy can help, and typically the effect is only temporary anyway; kids catch up. 