I feel strong passion at first but lose interest in projects... and people/empathy? TL;DR: OH GOD I FEEL SO BAD I NEED TO DO SOMETHING... oops that burned out and now I'm overextended trying to help

I've always had a pattern of putting great enthusiasm and effort into projects upfront. The longer it goes on for, or the more critical thinking I have to do, the quicker I burn out on it. I burn out on projects faster than everyone else despite always showing more enthusiasm out of the gate.

This seems to apply to empathy for people as well? Someone has X problem, I feel really empathetic, overextend myself on what I can do to help, and outright burnout of any empathy for them regarding that problem. This has been a pattern in my life. After a time, I'll get bored with an individual entirely. This is a classic ADHD symptom in terms of projects, general interests. 

But I also get it with people, when I first meet them I have tons of energy to put into hanging out with them and constructing a friendship, then after a while I fizzle out. Suddenly it’s too much effort to hang out with them as much as I was, then it becomes too much effort to hang out at all. Even the thought of just getting a coffee is ..ugh. Eventually replying to texts becomes too much effort, I read the text - reply in my head- then forget to ever reply. So then it’s awkward to reply insanely late, so I pretend it’s okay to never reply. 

Really sucks looking back and realising how many awesome people I’ve let slip away. But I also know that if I had the chance to do it again the same thing would happen.  Same. All day. I get this not so much with people, but with projects FOR SURE. I can be so stoked in the beginning and have so many plans for how great the thing is going to be and how much I'm going to contribute and what I can do, then as the project wears on I lose motivation and basically hide, hoping that everyone will forget about all the stuff I said I'd do. Which sometimes works? But certainly doesn't make me feel great about myself. 

Maybe you could set boundaries with people you're helping right from the start, like "oh sorry you have this problem, I can help you with X **once or twice** if you like?" 

Also though, if people aren't making an effort to help themselves then at a certain point you've gotta cut them loose. It takes a lot of energy to support someone and if they're not doing their own work, or if they're not giving back to you in some way, it makes for a very unsustainable relationship.  Yea, exactly like you described  Are you me? I was about to type a prolific comment but I've already lost interest. Sorry. This is my least favorite characteristic of ADHD. It has caused me to have too many projects in motion, which has led to filling my living space with crap that I swear I will work on someday. Unfortunately, this loss of interest has also sabotaged too many relationships. I constantly look in the rear view mirror with regret. I console myself by saying that my exes and ex-friends are with someone better now. I'm so hesitant to get into a dating relationship. Why should I build an attachment that will inevitably deteriorate because of my loss of interest. might as well call me out  I think this is just... normal This is me and has been me for so long. I always thought that my "inability to follow through" was a moral failing like laziness or flakiness. It's so crazy to see posts from others going through the same thing and to think there might be a reason for this. I'm looking into the evaluation/diagnostic process.  I prefer to look at it in terms of fluctuating interest rather than a fizzling out. 

I know it feels like that a lot of the times and I don't want to pretend it's easy to convince myself otherwise, it really seems like I start out enthusiasticly, then, later on I can't bring myself to follow up on that awesome activity/interest/interaction with a person.

BUT my interest can also flare up again, mabye all it needs is a little down time. So I try to view my motivation like a fickle creature that isn't 100% under my control - it needs patience and sensitivitiy more than anything else.

I prefer that view so I don't a) have to beat myself up and feel guilty everytime my enthusiasm level drops down from a initial high and I find myself commited to a cause that I don't 'feel' as strongly any more and b) it reminds me that I can't force myself to be interested in something. It's the attempts to force my interests and the subsequent guilt that comes with failing that really drain my energy, more so than the fact that my motivation will go from 0 to 100 to 0 a lot of the time.

Also medication really helps me both with keeping my motivation more steady as well as accepting the fact that it isn't all of the time. Same on projects. URGH WHY ARE WE LIKE THIS Pretty much I guess because our focus is hyper-focus it requires a lot more mental energy than regular focus, so it makes sense that we can’t keep it up for very long and it seems to fluctuate or vanish. 

I’m excited to try medication to see how it affects my productiveness and maintaining of steady focus. Do you still get hyper focus on meds? I would be a bit sad to lose that ability to intensely produce work/learn about topics.  Too bad medication only lasts for like eight to twelve hours and not for months so they can help the whole "finishing projects" thing. Literally why. So much excitement followed by so much... disdain.  Your bit in hyper-focus led me onto something. For me, I might be so worn out from hyper-focus that I won't start other meaningful, but easy tasks because I assume they should take the same amount of energy. I assume that I have to be hyper-focused to make something work. 

As of late I've taken the habit of telling myself that I can go as slow or as fast as I would like on tasks, as long as they get done, with no pressure to be quick, or focused, and that helps a lot.  😂 can someone please inform big pharma, they would make an absolute killing  Yup, that’s because we only really have two modes, hyper focussed or unfocused. Trying to manipulate hyper focus to use it with things we actually need to focus on never really works. 

I feel like I’m always starting tasks, even if I’m half way through it. Because I frequently get distracted so have to re-start. Constant *start, stop, restart, stop* 
It takes a lot of energy and motivation to start / restart a task - no wonder it’s tiring.  \+100000000000 