Apps to keep track of bank balance? I have issues with impulse spending. The only thing I’ve found that helps is the [Digit app](https://digit.co/). It’s an automatic savings app that texts you your bank balance every morning. The text is what really helps me — I never have the patience to log into my bank’s official app, and having that number in my head every morning really helps me cut down on impulse spending.

Unfortunately, Digit stopped working for me a few months ago and the support tickets I sent in got ignored. I had to close my account.

I’m looking for a replacement since I have no way to keep track of money that works with my ADHD brain. Are there apps out there that will simply notify me of what my balance is once a day? I literally don’t care about any other features, I just want a notification.

Thanks for reading! A lot of banks have this feature actually. Just log online and you can usually set what kind of alerts you'd like in the 'notifications' section on the menu of options. Many also have a # that you can text (like XXX-X) and it will text you your account balance. 

But honestly, it's like one single step to log on to your bank's mobile app (especially if you have the newest iphone and it uses face recognition for login) and just seeing the account balance yourself. Why go through the hassle, and risk, of creating an account and linking your banking information to a third party app when it's literally one log in step...?  Do you still spend money as freely if its cash?  I’ve looked into the notifications I can get from my bank, and they can give me low balance warnings, but no daily balance notifications. I’m thinking of switching banks for a few reasons, but that’s a much bigger project!

I hear you about logging into the bank app. I think for most people it wouldn’t be an issue, but for me it’s just enough added effort that my brain pretty much refuses to let me do it. It’s so much easier for me when I can just open up my texts. Set an alarm to repeat daily that says "check bank account balance". After a few weeks, it'll get to be habit. It's no more or less steps to open up the app than it is to open up the texts.  It is more steps, though. If I want to use my bank app, it’s:

1) unlock my phone  
2) open my bank app  
3) enter my username, wait for the next page to load  
4) enter my password, wait for the next page to load  
5) look at my balance  

When I was getting my balance texted to me, it was:

1) turn on my phone in the morning  
2) look at the screen when the texts roll in

and that’s it.

I’ve tried keeping track of my bank account the normal way and it just doesn’t work for me. I posted this to r/ADHD because I was hoping people would understand how “little” things like logging into an app can be huge amounts of effort for me. The great thing about r/ADHD is that people offer a lot of different suggestions and advice that may change the way you look at or approach a problem. Ideally, people are open minded to those suggestions and appreciative of those who take the time to try and help. Best of luck to you.  