Ran out of my meds and instantly in one week I forgot I had an appointment for getting the prescription, lost my valuable old watch, went to another appointment only to lose my prescription paper the next day. Fuck me in the ass, I am such a mess.

This shit is so crippling that I don't know what to do. Too fucking tired of myself, I'm just gonna sleep because reality is too painful.

To make things worse is that I am starting Uni in a few months and I have no idea if I can even make it. The meds aren't even doing much, just makes me less distracted but still messy as hell. Hey! Sorry to hear that it isn't working out for you yet.

But don't lose hope, everything can start out a bit rough.

Misplacing and losing things is annoying, I know that. Have you tried to use a calendar and/or notification app for your phone that will remind you of appointments you have? It does the job for me, so maybe try out.

In case of your medication not doing the desired job... make an appointment with your doctor ASAP. Tell him of your worries and how you feel the medication does not give you the desired effects yet. He might prescribe you a higher dosage or even a different medicament. It can take a while at the beginning before you really figure out what medicament and dosage fits your needs.

At any point, try to stay positive, even if that might be hard at times. We are here for you in difficult times and try to help out the best we can! Sounds about right. When are you able to go back on them? 

 It happens when I was at camp this summer lost my backpack like a 100 times. If you don't feel your meds are working, talk to the doctor that prescribed them, sometimes it takes a while to find the correct dose or med. They might also be able to refer you to therapy too. I'm in the same boat, don't think I have found the right med/treatment yet.  You can do it.  I feel the same way at times.
 
Starting college is definitely going to be an adjustment but there are habits/practices that you can start forming and implementing now so you can have an ease of mind later.

If you want some tips, please pm me. I'm not going to bother writing out a long spiel if you aren't going to read it. I'm in my 3rd year of Uni and on my way to graduating early. Life may feel like a chore(it is lol) but there are apps and practices that can help you keep track of things. 

edit: i was off my meds for almost 6 months and almost filed for a compassionate/medical withdrawal from school half way through last semester, but was able to get back on track and finish with above a 3.5 gpa. Life is hard at times and you might fall a few steps back, but it's not the end if you care about helping yourself and put in the work towards doing better. Sounds like you need a break from the meds. How long have you been on them? I so ran out of my meds today and I will get the next prescription in a couple days. So far staying productive has been so hard for me. In fact, I‘m even procrastinating to study right now and I have been procrastinating the whole past 1.5 days and have a sleepless night fueled by caffeine right now. Tell them to send it to your pharmacy electronically.  One thing you can do for clutter is get those box-basket things and then intead of actually organizing just put things in boxes so you don't really have to clean up just shove everything in one place 