I forgot my own age for a few seconds (I’m 24M) Does this have anything to do with ADHD? I have it, diagnosed at age 6 I think, but is my memory problem related to this condition? This year I had a mini existential crisis after I wished my partner a Happy 22nd Birthday

'Thanks, but babe I'm 23'

'Huh, you're a few months younger than me'

'Annnnd that makes us both 23, did you think you were 22?!?'

'......' [deleted] Yeah I accidentally told a doctor I was like 2-3 years younger than I am, immediately realized! I also tend to have to stop and think about my age (26). I have to stop and think of certain words multiple times a day. I have forgotten people’s names, like one time I forgot an acquaintances name for MONTHS. Usually it pops into my head within an hour or a day. Months. Of course Indidnt see her in that time, and I didn’t want to ask anyone because I was determined I would remember. Of course, now I can’t even remember who it was.

I tell stories and I can’t remember which of my friends were there for the event. Sometimes I tell it back to someone who was there. Can’t remember what conversations I had with which people. My parents always have to calculate their age. They do not have adhd

Once you get past the age of 21, it just doesn't matter anymore. I'm 28, so it's super easy to calculate my age (take the year, add 10) and I do that regularly.  I'm 23F (recently diagnosed), and I have noticed myself having those moments more, not so much with my age but with stuff like titles of books and movies. I've always blamed it on the fact that I am easily distracted and have had to rely on visual memory throughout my education, so the actual substance of the information never truly stuck.

Before being on medication, these new lapses in memory would have created an anxious cycle of worrying if I have some sort of early onset dementia, but now I'm just like, "eh, if I do, I do..." oh god....now I know how old you, are but cant remember how old I am I just stopped caring about that hiccup. I forget my name too actually but have no memory deficiencies for most other things.
 I am pretty sure neurotypical people forget their age too. I usually have to do maths from my birthday to work it out.  I met someone and he was asking me about my family and how old my brother was and i confidently said 9 before realising what the hell am i talking about we literally just celebrated his birthday a day before. It was too late to correct myself though so i just left it I do this all the time even when I was a kid, also have a super hard time whenever someone asks me how long ago something happened and even after thinking about it for awhile never really feel confident in my answer. Awk! Ward. Me too (45f). I also forget bdays, mix my kids names up with the pets, etc. Idk if it's ADHD or just a people thing.  Yeah, I mixed up my brother and sister 3 times. One would ask a question and I would address the answer to the other. They look nothing alike! My sister is cute and my brother is...well I guess his gf thinks he’s pretty. Hmmm, good point. I take the year and add 6.

I’m secretly 2024 years old. Shhh, don’t tell anyone. I worried about the same thing, then realized that those who worry suffer twice. Sigh,

Have an upvote 😆🌟 That ones more understandable. Maybe that’s how I got mixed up. My birthday was May and honestly I work like 16 hours a day so it feels like yesterday. I always give a time that’s off by 1/2 or 2x the actual time. Oh, that’s no fun! 