Is forgetfulness a must-have symptom for ADHD to be present? Hi all,

I'm not trying to ask if I have ADHD or not - as I'm 99% certain I do and am in the process of being tested for it professionally.

However, I constantly question one thing: *forgetfulness* (or rather, a lack of it).

I feel like I do not have the same degree of forgetfulness as most people with ADHD. People with ADHD always seem to describe losing their phones/wallets/possessions as a daily occurrence. For me, I rarely ever forget my phone. I can usually keep track of where my possessions are. I do, however, struggle with remembering events or small tasks I need to get done that day unless I write them down. So, I kind of half check the box.

I know that forgetfulness is only one symptom listed in the DSM 5, but it seems to be hugely prevalent in those with ADHD and that makes me question why I can remember some things and not others. Anybody else here experience something similar to this? It's not about key symptoms, but having _enough_ symptoms to a detrimental degree.  types of symptoms, severity of symptoms, prevalence over time, degree of impairment in "normal" function".  The diagnostic criteria for ADHD doesn't require any single symptom. (In fact, losing things and forgetfulness are listed as two separate things. Sounds like you can tick the forgetfulness box but not the one for losing things.)

"Memory" is a pretty broad idea, and therefore, so is forgetfulness by extension. Behavioral symptoms (e.g. misplacing items) can be highly impacted by specific circumstances. I've noticed that the types of items I misplace have changed over time, but even now, I don't often misplace frequently used objects like my phone. However, if the right combination of circumstances happens, I'll absentmindedly set something down in an unusual spot, and then I'll have trouble finding it or even lose it for good by abandoning it a in public place. I probably have a serious issue with something like that once every several months, so I have more trouble from it than a neurotypical person usually would (I think) but it's not part of my daily life. Forgetting where I put other less-commonly-used items in my home is a regular hassle these days for some reason, but it didn't used to be such a problem in the past.

Every list of ADHD coping techniques I've ever seen on the internet has something about a "launch pad," meaning a special location/container for holding items that you usually need to take with you when you leave home, e.g. car keys. (None of the lists have ever explained what to do about items that you actively use at home _and_ need to take with you, such as cell phone or glasses, but never mind, the idea still has some merit.) Uh, that's what my purse is for? Various societal factors make it common for women to use a purse, so I'd probably use a purse even if I didn't have ADHD. So I don't think of it as a coping technique, but I still get ADHD-related benefit from using it (until I lose my purse).

There's a pretty wide variety in our symptoms. Even though I know that, even though I consider the psychiatric diagnostic system to be stupid and arbitrary, it still sometimes surprises me how some other people with ADHD can have such a _totally opposite_ situation from me. Others said a lot already. I'll just chime in on coping and systems.

Rarely do we forget shoes or pants. :) Why? Probably because forgetting those is severely punished (shoes by pain in the feet and pants by shame), and we have strong systems and habits (shoes are by the door, check if dressed before stepping out...) for them. 

Rarely do I forget my phone (forgetting it home means being bored during my commute, losing it is huge stress....) or keys (they're by the door like the shoes). But an umbrella? Countless have been lost in public transportation. 

Kudos to you for not losing your phone. :)  Whatever you're doing with it is working, so keep it up. :)  I thought I didn't have forgetfulness because I know plenty of people without ADHD that lock themselves out more often me and so on. Until I realised that I totally use the launch pad thing. And wallet, phone, keys have specific pockets and I'm always paranoid about losing my keys. And I regularly forget my bag of it's done place I don't always have a bag. And then I'm like "I can always go back and get it except those times where I forget my stuff on trains or buses". 

In short, apparently I forgot that I was forgetful. And I remember so much stuff! Just not at the relevant time.  There are certainly enough symptoms that make my life significantly harder than it should be. Thanks for your clarification though. For me, the most debilitating symptoms are my disorganisation when it comes to time management, and the complete inability to focus on something if I find it anything other than very interesting. Those are just two, among others. Sometimes I feel like it's a cop out for me to think "I struggle with these things because I likely have ADHD" - I feel guilty about it all the time :( See my reply to the first comment. But yes, that makes sense. Growing up, I just always thought the struggles I had were what everyone had and that I was just a shitty person. Not a nice feeling to have... 