I lost my wallet today while on the bus, freaked out, and then realized it was sitting on my lap the entire time. Then I went to class, dropped my wallet on the way into class, and didn't notice it was gone. One of my classmates picked it up and handed it to me.  This reminds me. When I was around 4 I remember being at school and suddenly my pencil had disappeared. I looked around but I couldn't find it so I started crying. When the teacher asked me what was wrong I realised the pencil was in my left hand all along. 

I think I should really consider getting tested for ADD  I recently got glasses. My vision isn't terrible, but my eyes were getting fatigued and the optometrist said they'd probably help. I frequently forget whether or not I'm wearing them. I can only tell I'm not wearing them by getting a headache, so when I get a headache for some other reason I'll go searching for my glasses, which are on my face... I once spent a good 40 minutes looking for my cellphone... while talking on my cellphone to my friend... 😑 OH MY GOD WHERE ARE MY KEYS oh- wait a minute. I'm driving. They are in the ignition. Cool, cool.  Omg this happens to me all the time! Then the feeling.. Is it endorphins? Adrenaline? Whatever the freak out feeling is, it sticks around for awhile after, too. It's not my favorite feeling, but I'm way ahead of where I was a few years ago when I was constantly losing stuff and not realizing it til it was too late!  Is this a common thing for people with ADHD. My psychologist said I should get diagnosed and I do stuff like that all the time Ok. So is this a common thing? I am also ADHD-PI and I feel like I'm losing my mind most days.  I go to look for something and I can't for the life of me find it.  I was baking and asked my boyfriend if he could help me find a lid put down (seriously seconds ago) cause its lost I looked everywhere!!! It was pretty much right underneath me, still visible.  (But I just looked there and I saw nothing!!!)
 I was at a big library convention and thought I had lost the novel I was reading for about 2 days then found it in my backpack. What is great was that I had been at a church convention and actually lost the novel I was reading then a few weeks earlier. I was beginning to think that I should not bring epic fantasy paperbacks to conventions as a general rule.   On any given day, I lose the remote, xbox controller, PS4 controller, sunglasses, lighters, and even my mind. After frantically obsessing and searching for what seems to be hours, I usually find the item I'm looking for right where I put it. Thanks for failing me, brain.  I will be talking on the phone and go searching through my house to find my phone and freak out because I can't find it.  I once became frantically worried when looking through my wallet that I'd lost my ATM card.  When I looked back at the display screen asking how much cash I wanted to withdraw, I realized exactly where I had put it. Lost my phone in my hand.  In a darkened room.  My friends started looking for it with me, as I tried to text my mom.  Halfway through the message I realized what I was doing.

There were at least 4 people who didn't pick up on "hang on, let me text my mom to tell her I'm going to be late." A number of times ive looked for my phone while using it as a flashlight is pretty embarrassing too.  This kind of stuff happens to me constantly! 

It's usually with my e-cig. I'll put it down next to me or in my pocket and **FREAK** out because I think I've lost it.  I've turned the car around, barged back into offices, "searched" a.k.a destroyed my house in a mad hunt to find something that already with me. 

I literally can't stand to lose things. It's almost a compulsion to search till it's found. 

My e-cig isn't small either, it definitely has some heft to it. 

Edit- by losing, I mean immediately forgetting where I put something.  Sometimes when it's very important things(like cash or some documents) I have to consioulsy force myself to not loose them when i was in uni, i had a prepared sprinting route across campus from where my bus dropped me off to its main stop where i would petition the bus driver to let me look for my wallet I wonder if it really was in your back pocket but God pulled it out and put it on your lap because he didn't want you touching your but??  I lost my $20 bus pass 3 times in a row one week, pretty sure all 3 times I had placed the pass on my lap once i got to my seat and never put it away. Luckily you can get your balance back from a lost card with a $5 processing fee. Still that was one of my 'moments' for sure. One time I was arranging to meet my wife, and it suddenly occurred to me we wouldn't connect beforehand and I didn't have my phone with me.

I said, "Shit, you won't be able to call me.  I don't have my phone."
She said, "Wait for it..."

... in my ear... via the phone I was holding...which was mine. Lost my car key while I went on a run...good thing I have spares... This is one thing that i'll get really realmy frustrated, then depressed/i'll hate myself for.
I can lose my phone 10 times in 2 minutes. It really pisses me off especially when its something i need like my wallet. Why cant i just focus for one fucking second. Its like i move, then buzz out of focus and idk where anything is Same with my phone just 2 minutes ago. Checked every single pocket three times. Every pocket but the one it was in..  I was looking for the garage door opener for three weeks once. I searched my entire apartment just in case, but I was sure I'd given it to my roommate and made him check everywhere for it, too. Turns out it was in my car the whole time. In plain sight, attached to the visor. Three weeks. [deleted] Doooo it. My life is so much better on meds. Pencils were my nemesis all through school. I would regulary get in trouble for not having one. Even had one teacher say I should get a box of golf pencils. I have done this more times than I can count.  Also, while talking on my phone and having my keys in my hand jiggling them.  
Me: "I am on my way, but I have to find my keys."  
My friend:  "What is that jingling sound??"  
Me:  "My keys." *Saying this while still looking for my keys*  
My friend:  "Ummmm..."  
Me:  "....Yes?..."  
My friend:  "....."  
Me:  "Shit, I am on my way."      I thought that only happened to me. Yes, losing things all the time is very common in adhd. It has to do with not "paying attention" when you set it down, or even while looking for it. Our brains aren't as good at automatically assigning the right level of importance to information, so we might remember the words to a song that we liked growing up, and forget where we put that super important paperwork. 

We have sensory filters that don't work properly, too. So sometimes we filter out everything, even important things, like the fact that we are staring right at the thing we're looking for, or that we really need to eat even though we're enjoying the thing we're reading. Other times, they filter out nothing and we hear every sound being made by all 30 people in a classroom or the conversation of two people in a conference room down the hall.  They do! Unfortunately, that's part of why so many people don't believe adhd exists. The difference is the degree to which it impacts your life. Everyone will lose their keys now and then. Someone being impaired will lose their keys weekly, or maybe every time they don't set them in their designated place. Or every day they lose something different. Or forget to get their lunch. Or forget to bring their hw with them even though they did it. It's when it happens all the time that it's obviously a part of a problem.  My brain totally has messed up priorities when it comes to assigning importance to pieces of info! I just never really realized it was a thing, I just thought I was forgetful.  