LPT: If you misplace something and swear "it was right there!", it's probably within 3 feet of where you are looking for it. I call it the Three Foot Rule and it has saved me from running around the house in panic trying to think of all of the places it could be. I just take a breath and systematically look around the place that I thought it was and normally find it. 

I get hyper-focused on where I *think* it should be or look like, and when it isn't that exactly my mind, and then body, start racing around the house.  I'm teased and razed for not seeing things that are in front of my face. Because I skim all around the area and also use my peripheral vision. So if I move to the left or right a foot or so, I'll see it. Set it in front of me and it's gone... lol. Never thought of it, but I do this. Same problem I have reading. A sentence or two, then I jump mid way down the page and read a few words, skip to bottom, i realize what I’m doing, start again, few sentences in and....jumping around again. :( Doesn't work for me. I somehow mentally place them in a completely different spot than physically but they're always the same few spots (dinner table, any sink in the house, in the closet, etc). I just do a walk-through and usually find everything.  The trick is to ask someone if they see it. Usually that act makes the object I was looking for jump at me. I couldn't find my laptop charger the other day. I knew I'd had it in my bag which was on the chair near the door. Looked everywhere and finally had to give up and leave. Laptop eventually went flat. When I got home my husband had found the charger, on the chair, under the hat I'd put next to my bag. On the ottoman, *again*! Unless it's a guitar pick, then you'll probably find it in your neighbor's back yard or something. That's true unless you left it in your suitcase that you rummaged through for headphones before checking it at the airport only to get on your 10 hr international flight and realize it's missing... like I did with my phone in 2016. For me, it’s most likely hiding behind something I meant to/should have put away 2 days ago. 

On a serious note, I think it has to do with how we see things. I look for patterns; how things “should” present themselves. Say I’m looking for my phone and I can swear I brought it downstairs and had it right before I sat down to put on my shoes. Now I cannot find it anywhere, not even on the table next to the chair. The reason for that is that I’m fixated on how my phone SHOULD look, which doesn’t include the large thermal cup, crochet project, journal and small plate with pastry crumbs on it that are surrounding and thereby obscuring my phone to what my brain thinks it should look like. I lost three debit cards last year. I have no clue how or where they are now. 

Fortunately, getting a new one is a matter of driving to my branch, but still.  Usually my stuff actually is where I left it and where I searched. I just somehow manage to not pay attention to the searching and miss them.

I can check pockets multiple times while also searching everywhere else to eventually find the item in the pocket. I lost my noise cancelling headphones, bought a new pair.  The return period expired on the new pair and I just found my old pair.  Where you might ask?  In my work bag.  Where I thought I lost them.  After this experience I went out an bought tiles and burrently putting tiles on everything important that I own.   I do kind of the same thing. Sometimes a shift in my perspective allows me to see the thing I'm looking for in the jumble of other stuff, because my brain somehow camouflages it or something. So if I'm looking for something on my dining table, I literally have to walk around to the other side sometimes to get a different angle on the mess so I can pick out what I'm looking for. Most of the time it was right there and for some reason my brain couldn't pick it out from the surrounding stuff. Babe you're so forgetful.  My poor wife... The amount of times that I’ve asked her where something is and she points two inches in front of my nose... This is so relatable. Can't count the times something similar has happend to me. Sometimes I get lucky and I actually already put it in my bag, which can also be really frustrating, because you search everywhere for the charger, for example, can't find it, supposedly leave the house without it, laptop dies, you're annoyed at yourself, you come home, look in your bag and magically the charger has appeared in it :D I agree. "Should" so messes me up. "Oh, that can't be it. It's flipped upside down!" Me too! I do so many silly things but this one, ugh! All the automatic payments set up have to be changed. and every time I say I'll make a list of them and the passwords... but I've got a new system so surely it won't happen AGAIN?! 