So apparently I forgot there was an alligator that’s been lurking in our lake near our house. I ended up sitting near it, and it was about 8 feet away from me. Basically I was calling someone on the phone, and my ADHD brain makes me forget a lot of things, and apparently things that could cause me harm like a freaking alligator. 

I noticed something big, like a log swimming closer to me and it locked eyes with me. Once I realized what it was, which was like two seconds, I ran away as fast as I could into my own house.

Thanks ADHD. >Thanks ADHD.
  
Alligator Distraction Holyshit Disorder? I once put my hand on a red hot element on the stove because I needed to reach something on the shelf above. I had forgotten I was using like a minute before. I feel your pain of forgetting things... glad you’re ok!  I relate to this story very much. I swear my ADHD is going to be the death of me one day. 

What will you do about the gator?  Once I was in welding class and there was sweat in my eyebrow and went to wipe it with my forearm, with the blowtorch still in hand and ended up burning my other forearm with it.  It just wanted a friend ):

Lol, alligators usually want nothing to do with humans and usually find food that they can swallow in one gulp. Humans are not their desired prey, unless you’re agitating it. So thankfully it wasn’t a life or death situation. But yes that is some scary shit I would’ve had a heart attack.  Honestly, you'd be surprised how difficult it is to spot wildlife in its natural habitat. Camoflauge is no joke! Most creatures, even predators want nothing to do with you. Unless they are either A) starving or B) you come between them and their babies. 




I used to "walk" my 8-10ft-ish boa on my campus green. 95% of people walked by without ever noticing her. :)



Gotta admit though. Holy cow would that be startling!!! [deleted] I once read /saw a video explaining why ADHD, once upon a time, might have been a useful "feature" in a society.

Scenario: Two villages by the same lake, but not in contact with eachother. One has a guy with ADHD. This guy goes for a swim one evening, nobody ever does that other than during daytime. He is then eaten by the evening-seamonster/taken by the currents or something and the village learns why they should only swim during daytime. 
In the other village nobody has gone for a swim alone in the evening and they decide to take the kids and themselves for a late swim. It did not go well. 

(might have altered the story a bit, ADHD memory.) 

So, we are the Guineapigs of evolution! 
 Holy shit! I'm glad that you are still alive. You know, I keep seeing articles speculating about how ADHD has its origins as an evolutionary trait developed to make us more adept hunters or something, but this story really makes me wonder about that. Really I would say that everyone does this, with ADHD or not. All you have to do is see how many people look at their phones while driving a moving car, or worse. Numerous people in wild areas have no clue what is going on in their surrounding , as the number of people hurt by large animals is shocking. I have spent a lot of time outside, lots of hiking and the like, so I almost instinctively notice animals that everyone else misses. Then again I also have dyslexia on top of ADHD, which for some reason make one see the anomalies around you, so I tend to notice and get distracted by the details of a given environment, so that could be why. 

Edit: Also. they are literally camouflaged to look like logs so don't be too hard on yourself. Having not been in Florida much of my life, I would likely miss it too.  They usually won’t mess with you.  But my 16 yr old friend was killed by a gator years ago. You can google it, very sad Your ADHD honestly probably saved you. If it weren't for the fact you had that faster attention switching span you might not have noticed it. 
It's most likely that ADHD is a survival mechanism that was obviously successful enough to last this far out from it's normal usfullness. In this case, you just used you brain for exactly what it was meant to do by nature, survive. I end up in distraction autopilot and walk out in traffic and stuff. I'm sure if I had alligators in the UK I would do this shit too don't sweat it OP I'm glad you're ok. They ought to have signs there really though.  I once attended a conference about ADHD/ADD and the speaker said that historically speaking ADHD people had more chance to survive because we were in sync with it environnement ... I feel like my life is more in danger nowadays because of how I interpret my environment..: from forgetting taps on, the elements of the stove on, sometime the stove, my flattening iron... at least I never forgotten a child Ahahahahah (I work in daycare)  [removed] [removed] [removed] !redditsilver Have my upvotes. Quality.  It wasn’t that big but knowing it’s a territorial predator, gives me all the more adrenaline to run away like a bullet. Especially since I could hear it jump out of the water as soon as I started running.  This is why *gas* is better on a hob for us with ADHD - the visual trumps the memory.

It's also why I leave all my healthy food out on the counter. That’s okay my favorite is when my husband sets something hot on the counter and specifically tells me that pan is hot and not 5 seconds later I turn around to pick it up with my bare hands. “Ouch, Oh that’s what he was saying” If he lives in a gator-heavy area like Florida, there isnt much to do. It's their world, we just live in j
it. They are in literally every body of water. Oh damn, sounds like something I might do… A few days ago, I noticed some poison ivy in my yard, to which I am highly allergic. Went inside to get rubber gloves and put on long sleeves, but decided I should drink a glass of water first. Put the glass down, remembered I wanted to do some weeding, went directly back outside...now my arm from from wrist to bicep looks like something that escaped from hell, and the itching is driving me mad. This makes me feel better when I do this after inspecting tones of parts and smear dirt all over my face without thinking. A  Mom guarding her nest gives some fucks about anyone coming near.  That’s why I freaked out because June/July is their nesting season so yeah. I’ve always been pretty good at spotting camouflaged animals, even though the Alligator wasn’t that camouflaged since there were no rocks nearby on the lake. It stuck out like a sore thumb. You would walk a snake on campus?! Wtf????? Are you Brazilian or speak Portuguese as a first tongue? That idiom is so Brazilian! Yeah that's bullshit though - that was from that bullshit show on TV where they talked a whole ton of bullshit that I can't even remember except that the amount of bullshit they talked made me mad as hell. I have read that ADHD is especially prevalent in hunter gatherer societies. I can't find the study right now but it lent itself to better success at hunting, as our ability to get wrapped up in what we are doing and our restlessness lends itself to finding more food in the wild. Its thought that it was specifically advantageous before modern society in other ways too, since no one really cared about you not sitting still for long. We just make dumb mistakes and thin the herd, apparently!  But, we’re also impulsive, so we keep breeding.  I guess, but I think someone with ADHD is more likely to have that happen to them. Given the fact we get… well distracted. I’m very sorry for your loss, must be tough. Interesting. I can walk through my house every day and not notice the piles of crap everywhere, but I have dozens of instances of getting errant toddlers, dogs, and wildlife out of harm's way. 

btw, I have neon orange stickies written on with a fat marker, reminding me to turn off the stove, etc. It being my ADHD or the alligator? Don't spread that crap here. It is entirely unwelcome. Consider this your warning. Hmmm great idea, I never thought of that while thinking for my safety first. Everyone knows that when you come face to face with a wild animal that is capable of a attacking you that the first thing you should do is take a selfie with it. It only wants a bit of internet fame after all.

 Maybe we should use you as our guinea pig then, since people keep saying ADHD supposedly helps with survival.  I'll never have a gas oven again. Mine exploded while I was trying to roast some veggies. Nearly shat myself. Mmmm knowing me, since I did forget before to turn off the elements, i would probably forget to turn off the gas stove...   how dangerous is it to forget a gas stove on?  I do actually, I’m not scared of animals but no way in hell would I take a chance. It’s ironic because we don’t usually see gators out during the day. Since it’s summer it was probably a female guarding her nesting grounds.  Yeah, follow general rules like don't get closer than 10m to any body of water  If you're ever near a momma gator near a nest, just get a long stick and hit her on the nose.

source: Went on Florida Alligator Egg collection one year and had to fend momma off of the nest while we took the eggs. Pretty much!! :) I hear yah. Aw man.  Reptiles need UV radiation to help their bodies produce vitamin D and absorb calcium--just like we do. :)


You can buy UV lamps for them but it isn't as good as 15-20 mins of direct sunlight each day. 



Plus, she could stretch out. She was chill as fuck. Folks loved meeting her.  [deleted] You know what else is bullshit? I once was told that corn syrup can cause ADHD. This is way better! I will believe this story from now on. :)  Thanks, it was shocking.  Gators are not much risk to you on land, so OP was likely not in  much actual danger.  But wade or dive in like my friend did and they have a huge advantage.  OP is likely just freaked that they were so close without thinking about it. We all do that and get irritated at our brains.   [deleted] What crap?  You do realise I was being facetious don't you?  

This *is* reddit, how serious you gonna take it? [removed] Forgive me, but I sincerely do not understand how or why you got upset about that joke. Lol that’s so funny but so scary at the same time. I once left aluminum in the microwave and turned it on. I forgot to take it off while I was heating something up. Not sure, just make sure you have a fire extinguisher nearby should something happen… Sounds about right. I used to live near a golf course in FL where a huge one was just roaming the grounds like he owned the place. Like, no reason to be scared, just aware and careful (which us ADHD folks arent great at!) What the heck were you doing with those eggs?! Oh, seems snakes are a problem for distracted people in other parts of the world too. For some reason, I thought it was valid only for Brazil (and for Australia, because holy shit Australia).  


Anyway, I do believe my ADHD helps me with this kind of things. I am always the one to notice the bright-colored hairy spider, the hole in the pavement or the dog shit in the sidewalk, even when alongisde non-ADHD people. For some reason my focus is forcefully shifted from the conversation to the unpleasant/dangerous thing ahead while they remain focused on the conversation. I didn’t think about possibilities, my adrenaline was pretty much thinking for me but yeah… No, I removed their comments. /r/adhd is a support group, not a place for you to be lolrandom or act like a jackass. We take it seriously. r/lostredditors You’re on the wrong subreddit. Fair enough ;) Lol ironically I don’t know much about alligator safety since I’m practically a vampire in my house due to the fact I get sunburnt easily and hate hot weather.  The wildlife commission gives out quotas to harvest for population control, and they’re sold to farmers who raise them mostly for hides. Totally understand.  Been there. With gators and other stuff. Well, I guess no one can recognise a joke here without an /s or appropriate emoji. Wouldn't putting out the lit gas that leave it so unlit gas comes out and presents a possible gas poisoning danger? When you first move to Florida the amount of alligators and Burmese pythons is kind a freaky until they just become part of scenery that can kill you like meth heads and tourists driving cars on I-4 You mentioned the word 'joke'. Chuck Norris doesn't joke. 
Here is a fact about Chuck Norris: 

 >How many roundhouse kicks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop? Just one. From Chuck Norris. New rule for ADHD folks. We should wear the protective armor when we step foot in the kitchen. I'm a midwesterner who's never been to FL, but my son LOVES Burmese Pythons. I knew alligators were prevalent there, but didn't know about the snakes. Might be the high point if we ever take a trip down there! Good bot. Um... Don't the one-liners he delivers with a beat down counts as jokes?   

Jesus Christ.  I'm talking to a bot.  Now who's having a hard time recognising tone? Yeah... the snakes are prevalent because of people releasing their pets to the wild, so now there's way too many and there's a bounty on them A bounty on snakes? How that that be anything but a great idea? Maybe India could give tips, I think they did something similar with cobras. And they had people raising cobras to turn in for the bounty.  But no one in FLORIDA would try such a thing, surely.  I don’t know, I mean people have released their pet boas out into the wild here, when it’s not even a native species. It's fine, once they are found out I'm sure the government will stop the bounty. 