How do you guys remind yourselves to do everyday things? So I have trouble remembering to do everyday things which is bad now that I'm living on my own.

For example, last night I forgot to charge my phone or take my medication, this morning I forgot to brush my teeth or pack my lunch. I try my best to set alarms for everything but it doesn't always work and it's not really feasible to set alarms for literally everything I have to do. I try to make lists but I forget to check them or I misplace them.

I'm on Concerta 36mg one per day but I forget to take it a lot of the time (lol) even though I set two alarms for it :( 

I'm sure all of you have similar problems, so what do you do about it? The best thing I've found is putting things somewhere I know I'll see them later, but I can't use that for everything. 

I've been dealing with this my entire life and I'm kinda at a loss lol. Anyone have any advice? :( Thanks! I have a routine. Go up to bed, brush teeth, toilet and plug phone into charger which lives next to bed. Set alarm. Every night is the same. Everything important like where i put keys is in the same place. If for some reason i dont follow the routine im lost and i lose everything. I struggle with food preparation and remembering to eat meals becasue my work schedule is different everyday. I literally have two reminders a day on my google calendar, at 8AM and 8PM: "take meds." It does the job. I have my meds by the sink in my bathroom. I visually see them so I remember to take them when I go in to go to the bathroom first thing. 

Everything else has to be either routine(phone charger by bed) or written down. I have my bullet journal I keep on my table and I make it a point to leave it open and check it every night and morning. 

Say it out loud too. Every time you go to leave have a sticky  note with your list of shit you NEED then read/say it out loud. It helps a lot. 

I get out of my car and say “keys in hand” to remind myself not to lock them or leave them in it.  Is there something you do every day at the same time no matter what? Maybe try to link that to a preparation pattern where you pack things future you will need because you forgot. Like pack your meds and a powerbank.  I have a Wunderlist list full of items that repeat every day. When even one is overdue, it annoys me so much that it often leads me to doing them all in one fell swoop just to avoid it.

Since the iOS app still works (for now,) I can send notifications from that to my watch AND I can also have it running on my work computers where notifications can pop in from the corner of my screen, not having it with me isn’t an option, either  A routine attached to a "trigger"...then if I miss something I'll at least feel like I'm forgetting something (sometimes I just can't remember what I'm missing, but it helps at least).  

My most successful is remembering my phone, wallet, and keys...whenever I go through a door to outside it reminds me to check.  For putting on my deodorant and brushing my teeth I do it right after my shower, after I've opened the door to let the steam out. Routine, it has been years and years of establishing it. IN the morning especially I am on autopilot. I do the same things in the same order each time. If I have to do something different, like bring something different to work, I set an alarm for just before I leave the house. 

It takes practice though, you need to do the same thing over and over without change. There have been some very seedy monday mornings where I could barely function but as soon as my alarm went off it was straight into routine.  I don't do so many everyday things, plain simply. Simplify. I charge my phone at work if I forget at night. I don't pack lunch. I have medication at work in case I forget it at home. I would not forget brushing my teeth, though, because due to my alcoholism every morning it tastes like a chemical dump, straight acid and vinegar. I make sure I put things in the same spot everyday, and that helps me with remembering things. My phone goes on my desk to charge, and I also set 4 alarms for when I need to wake up. Keeping the phone far away from me ensures I don't roll over and hit the snooze button.

I also have a nightstand beside my bed where I keep my medication in easy view. I take what I need for the day as soon as I wake up, and I take what I need at night right before I go to sleep. That way, I don't have to consciously remember to remind myself to take my medication. This technique allowed it to become an ingrained habit.

My keys also go in a set spot on my bookshelf, and my purse goes on top of another (I have four bookshelves). These are both near the exit to my room, and I physically can't leave without my keys or wallet. I've never forgotten my wallet because I'm very conscious of the legalities surrounding driving.

I also use a wall calendar, google calendar, and a couple other phone apps to make sure I have the important parts of my schedule down so that I don't miss appointments, work shifts, classes, or important due dates for assignments. At first, I absolutely hated scheduling everything out, but after I got used to it, I realized just how much of a difference it makes.

Google Calendar really helps, since it pops up notifications to let me know when things are happening. For classes, I use an app called My Study Life, and that helps me keep on track with homework.

Somewhere along the way, I accepted that I would never be able to remember things on my own, so I externalized the information and adapted to using those methods. I still miss things, on occasion, but I miss far fewer things than I used to. My cat helps with my basic routine in the morning; she cries until I feed her which reminds me about breakfast and everything else. Problem is I just moved and my routines got all screwed up :((

My very ADHD mom swears by her routines but they've never helped me as much as her. Do you have any advice for starting new routines? As in remembering every day what is supposed to go in them lol Hm, I've never tried saying things out loud. I'll try it, thanks! I'll definitely look this app up!! I've been searching for something like it forever but never found anything that worked for me. I'll install and see how it goes! Like I asked in another comment, how did you start with your routine? My problem is doing something different everyday when I'm trying to form one cause I can never remember yesterday's order :( Have you tried writing trigger lists and leaving them in key places, like on your headboard or pillow for nighttime ones, one the alarm clock for mornings, and on the door knob for the leaving checklist? I find visual lists are extremely helpful in helping me work out new routines. They keep me from forgetting things, and they help serve as triggers. 

Another thought I have is to get small post-its and write all the things you need to do at one point on individual post its. Stick them in order on a wall near the door, or on the mirror in the bathroom. Then you can play around with the order until you find the order that works best. This method of a visual list serves two valuable purposes. First, it is flexible and allows you to add elements to the sequence if you realize that you forgot one. Or if you realize that putting on your watch is actually a part of getting dressed instead of leaving the house (or vice versa) you can take that post it and move it to a different location. Secondly, it allows you to have a visual list, but one that you can try out different orders until you find the things that naturally trigger one another or make sense in order. For example I found that I need to brush my teeth before putting on my moisturizer, because otherwise I rinse it off m chin when I am rinsing my mouth out. And I need to put the hair products in my hair before I brush my teeth, because that gives my hair a bit of time to dry, and it shortens the time with the hair dryer. But if I wait until after I brush my teeth parts of my hair is starting to dry and so the product doesn't go in as well. 

If you try the small post-it method, I recommend splurging on the ones with the extra strong sticky. Then you can stick and unstick them multiple times and they will stay on the wall you placed them on. The low quality ones tend to fall off if you move them more than a couple of times.  

Also, you might notice that I have given a lot of thought to the reason for the order of my routines. I like things to make sense and to follow logically, and so it is rewarding for me to figure out a sequence that works and has a specific purpose to the order. It feels like doing a puzzle, making all the pieces fit together the best way. That has helped me be more invested in finding my routines that work, because it grabs my interest. Maybe that could make it more interesting for you too.  Honestly, I made a list of what I want I need to do in the morning, and just started following it. It took a while, and I wasnt hard on myself for failure. 

Literally I wrote down (and had it where I would see in the morning)

- Get up

- Have a shower (brush teeth in the shower)

- Get dressed

- Grab lunch 

- Leave


I have added into that mix to make a shake in the morning. To get this working before I went to bed I would put the empty shaker next to my work bag.

 