Finish this sentence. My ADHD is so bad ... I check the fridge whenever I misplace my keys. 

 My ADHD is so bad I space out when I masturbate. My ADHD is so bad, I had to take FIVE FUCKING trips across the street yesterday morning to catch the bus for work, because I left ALL THE THINGS in weird ass places all over the house, and could only remember to grab one thing at a time that I needed... I'll respond to this later My adhd is so bad that I had to get back in the shower because i forgot to rinse the conditioner from it. Numerous times. My ADHD is so bad I have, on more than one occasion, taken my medicine, finished my breakfast, and then *taken my medicine again*


Double dose of adderal is no fun folks. [deleted] my adhd is so bad that I have at least one blog on each blogging website, they each have maybe one blog post because I don't follow through with anything
Each blog surrounds one of my new interests that I hyperfocused on for a week.  Same with etsy shops... =/ I leave something behind wherever I go. Even if I think I have all my stuff, something is always left behind.

(Going to my friends house, coming back home, or travelling) It's just a matter of making sure whatever I left wasn't too important. that even though I had to be up at 5:30, I was up at 2 AM last night experimenting with different lacing patterns for my chucks...
 I have a hard time understanding people talking to me in the morning until I take my vyvanse. My ADHD is so bad I post the same squirrel joke someone else did because I didn't scroll down first. My kids reckon its harder work sitting at the dinner table with me than sitting next to the adhd kid in school.  i forget to take my ADHD medicine. I lost my laptop in the fridge. I think I've won ahaha. I often start thinking of something else in the middle of my current thought. I don't finish that thought, I immediately forget what that thought was, and now I've rocketed through that thought so fast when I try to put it in words it just comes out as mush. I've found my clothes in the dishwasher, I've lost my glasses under my bed because they fell off my head while I was looking for them, I've burnt a pizza when I put it in the oven to warm up, but forgot to take it out of the box and forgot to set a timer. So I spent hours the other day working on this castle in Minecraft... a project I've been slowly building for a few weeks now. It's nearly done. I was clearing out the grass in front of the gate and then... wait... what subreddit am I in again? This feels like a homework question, and now can't answer it :| My adhd is so bad that I am *more than willing* to sacrifice positive aspects of my personality to receive medication for it. My ADHD is so bad that I'm able to lose my knee pads and get mad at my mom while having them on. Last week I was at a friend's house doing laundry. After I threw my clothes in, I proceeded to get lost in whatever was on TV. Thirty minutes later, I realized I had never even started the washer.  that on several recent occasions I have taken too much of a medication: 

1) only meant to take one sleeping pill and put the other two in my hand away, got distracted by putting my dishes in the sink, and then sat back down, grabbed my brother's water, and tossed all three into my mouth ... needless to say I slept very well

2) took a double dose of my new Concerta Rx because I was used to taking two capsules on my previous dose because it wasn't strong enough and the insurance company wouldn't fill a new Rx until I was done with those first

I told my roommate/best friend what happened with the sleeping pill situation and I asked her if she had ever taken medication by accident (ya know, thinking that it's something *everybody* does at some point in their lives). She looked at me like I had six heads and said, "Ummmm, no." I write sticky notes to myself of things I need to do, while I am on my meds in class, and put them around my house. Because I know once my meds wear off it is going to be like that movie "Before I Go To Sleep" and I will forget *everything*, even sometimes things like brushing my teeth. My ADHD is so bad that I get depressed about the state of my room until I:

1. Leave the room
2. Go on my computer

aka, I get depressed until it is out of sight:( ... I amaze people with my ability to do some things faster than anyone else, and other things that really need to get done just never happen.  My ADHD is so bad I post the same squirrel joke someone else did because I didn't scroll down first. Left my car keys in my car door overnight ...that I broke the heart of someone who loved me without qualification. My ADHD is so bad that I constantly feel like I'm forgetting something and the ensuing anxiety coupled with the inherent struggles of my inability to focus on things I want to is ruining my life. 

http://i.imgur.com/3DtWByd.jpg .. that when I had read all of the answers I forgot what the question was and had to scroll back up.  My adhd is so bad that I was gonna find an example to support this sentence, but got distracted, downloaded a game, and still don't know what to say. I walked from the third floor down to the first floor to get something...three times before I remembered what the fuck I went down there for. That I drew stupid fucking pictures on all of my finals. I'm a freshman in high school.  My adhd is so bad that when listening to music or watching Netflix I'll forget to select the next song or episode and I'll just sit there for like an hour or so dazed I try to google on my smartphone whilst talking in it whilst resting on my ear. My ADHD is so bad, I've only gone to work two days out of the five I'm supposed to be there this week. :/ I am thinking about completing this sentence... switches to a new tab and forget this exists! I had to browse 4 different tabs and talk to people on skype before replying to this that when I run out of my medicine I have a hard time making a doctors appointment to get a new prescription. I almost took the wrong  exit and went to the other end of the city.  ........It's tuned me into a depressive. My ADHD is so bad that I...SQUIRREL!! That I'm still using the original Samsung Galaxy because I keep going to transfer all my data over and get distracted. Admittedly I would have done it sooner, but came across a lot of difficulty transferring the memos as there is no export function and all other options failed, including apps such as Titanium Backup.  ...That my brain fills in gaps in noise and/or my thought processes with coherent voices and ideas from voices that are not my own. Example: John Stamos's voice has, on a few occasions, provided words of wisdom that I'm fairly certain he's never said before. Also, I've been trying to type this up for about 2 hours. My ADHD is so bad I can relate to almost all the comments on this post ....I forget to breath. I often feel like a alien.
If I hadnt one person who understands ( in a roundabout way- they were diagnosed bipolar age 7, and work a hard phydical job also. Plus huge social/ dating issues - eg, none:(
I would most likely kill myself. But one person was enough, after 35 years of trauma, abuse, poverty, ad infinitum, to give me enough love to trudge on. Hopefully toward some kind of happiness.( I would settle for just some peace, and a job that doesnt run me into total exaustion every day.) My adhd is NOT bad and I have to remember to remind myself that adhd is a situation of my life and not a problem or something bad, it just is an issue. And it's not who I or you are.  namaste! :) Best technique for falling asleep: start masturbating, get distracted, bring your focus back to masturbating, get distracted again, repeat, it's like meditation for your genitals. I usually fall asleep before I come. [deleted] That's exactly why I am usually late to class... Part of my morning routine is:

7:30 - Look for keys, wallet, phone, security pass I always forget to rinse my armpits after soap. yeah, I've done something similar, where I'm a couple hours in to my day, and I think oh crap! I forgot to take my meds! and take one.  When I geo all hopped up, I realized that was the 2nd. been there man.  It gets better.  Believe that.   I'm so sorry that happened to you! I really hope you are feeling okay. It's so hard when the people in our lives don't understand what ADHD really is.

I wasn't diagnosed until 2 years ago after my freshman year of college, and it wasn't until this month that I started learning all the signs of it and that all these little things about me/that I do are not personality flaws, they are signs of a pretty severe neurodevelopmental disorder. My whole life my mother has called me annoying because I talk too much, irresponsible and stupid because I forget things or fail to complete them, and disgusting because of my messiness. Even now that I have explained ADHD to her, she just can't understand, from her neurotypical viewpoint, that it isn't an excuse, it's a disorder that is actually really hard to work with. So now I just choose to minimize my contact with her, and allow myself to begin to develop confidence in myself, to get rid of the self-hatred I have always had, by realizing that there is nothing wrong with my personality, or who I am, there is just something weird with my brain, despite what I have been told my whole life.

So please don't internalize her failure to understand the struggles of another human being. That is a fault in her personality, not yours. And again, I'm so sorry you had to go through that. I'm sorry to hear that. Have you taken any steps to improve? You just have described my last relationship.  I'm sorry that ordeal happened. You are a gem and she just refused to see you shine in the light. There are more fun, accepting, and awesome people (and girls) out there!  You are not alone my friend. I FOUND MY PEOPLE! I have no idea how many blogs I've started. Or books I've started writing. And 10001 other projects I've started and put aside just shortly after because I have a new idea I want to start on... What sort of things sparked those new interests that you hyperfocused on them for a week? I'm just curious about what others hyperfocus about. I just today rediscovered a blog I set up on WordPress. It had 4 posts, the most recent of which was from 2009.  I keep triples of all of my asthma medication. Because I always abandon them. Oh this one I know well  You need your meds, in order to remember to take your meds- but cant recall if you took them!( usually means No!) Next level cooling technology I once put the TV remote inside the VCR, spent a weekend looking for it and when I bought a replacement and tried to watch a tape guess what I found. Yesterday, I had to walk a km in the dark and cold, because I missed my stop. I have more than once yelled at my son for laughing at me when I've lost my glasses, while wearing my glasses.  Really? I've resorted to counting the no. of days from when i was supposed to start and counting all my pills to see if i missed taking it. Stops working though if you completely forget once(Which always happens). See my post http://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/2rfvkp/tifu_first_day_of_new_job_contract_and_i/  I've actually kind of started doing this on purpose.  (In the "ashtray" though, not the door.) :( If it makes you feel any better I had one of my freshman college students answer a question on their exam with a knock knock joke and a picture of a rat to go along with it. hah! I've done this.  Ask if you can have a blank sheet of paper that you can doodle on, in addition to the official final paper. LOL, I do that too. I can watch an episode of one of my shows twice and still not have a clue what happened, because I'm on reddit on the other monitor. Sometimes it will just play over and over again like background noise. Heaven forbid my PC gets restarted, then I have no idea what I've been watching or what episode I'm on, etc. UGH.  This.  I've forgotten that I have work or school on a specific day even though I've had the same schedule for months. This. ... I still get distracted. Ha, story of my life. Luckily, I still made it to my bus. Barely. Part of my routine is every Sunday I fill a weekly pill container just before I brush my teeth. Then I know if I really forgot a dose or not I now say," You are OFF the island!" It gets worse, when you find out that person or persons was a narcisscist.
I dont have the strength to even care about anyone who cant take the time to find a little out about ADHD, to understand me. If they cant take the time they devote to TV or drinking or online arguing on FB- I figure they are not worth my being bothered. That includes my family.( and it felt good to do that, as many have treated me terribly.) I have naturally curly hair, and in 2009, I picked up a book about naturally curly hair and how you shouldn't use sulfites and all that, made a blog about going naturally curly, stopped it soon after, but my hair did look nice for a week.

Another blog about being a stay at home mom. fail.
Another blog that I said I would use all the time to vent, had a lot about me not being religious, and raising secular kids.  three posts later, done.

latest one is about being an adhd mom, lol, no posts yet =[ A sandwich in the VCR? I have a pill case that was my Dad's when he was in hospice so it's pretty heavy duty ... but I find it difficult to keep up with refilling it each week/day -__-. Hahaha!! That's absolutely wonderful and terrible at the same time. Thank you.  Oh that sounds like a good idea. I'm just hoping that next year the teachers will try and understand where I'm coming from.  Yeah, some times if I watch it on my phone the episodes will just roll and roll and I'll have no idea what happened that season  I forget:( what was I going to write??? Yeah, I know that's a good idea.  For some reason I hate the idea of a pill container though, hah.   :)  Well, as long as you show them a blank page when you start the test, and prove you're not cheating, and then offer to give them the page when you are done with the test (to prove you're not giving answers to someone else)  I don't see why they would have a problem. Alright. I'm going to talk to the SAC councilor at school and see is she could talk to the SAC councilor a in the other school. Thank you :)  yw :) 