*sigh* Forgot To Not Take My Medicine Today Going in for testing--was asked not to take my meds. I remembered on the way to the bathroom. 

Brushed my teeth, got frustrated with my ADHD son, who took the bathroom cup, so I couldn't rinse my teeth and totally forgot about not taking the meds. 

Finished brushing, told him, again not to take the bathroom cups, and took my meds, as is my morning ritual. 

Now I have to remember to call the doctor's office and tell them. 

What a lovely start to the day.  Don't be so hard on yourself, shit happens and we forget things. Our tendency to look down on ourselves for making mistakes even non-ADHDers would make can be our downfall. Call the doctor, reschedule if necessary, and maybe write a sticky note by your meds that says DO NOT TAKE TODAY. Also, I've found that spending more energy pointing out the things I do right helps me to be more positive.

I'm 2 years into my diagnosis, have gone from suicidal and depressed to finally getting a routine (and systems) down to make life easier. I feel you. I’ve forgotten to *not* go to an appointment that was canceled. A few times.  routines are powerful. :) I have the problem of not remembering if I took my medication because mostly it's just muscle memory at this point. But its like "did I take it? Hopefully so.. if not then oh well I ain't chancing a heart attack". When I read the title "I forgot not to take my meds" I excitedly thought you had come up with a reverse psychology plan to trick yourself into remembering to take your meds. Shit happens. Also, I suspect that irregular schedules are much harder for us - and I mean all human beings regardless of brain structure - than people think. Sigh... I know that feel. I keep forgetting to call to refill one of my more important meds because I get too bogged down in my work. I tell myself I'm going to do it earlier, but then I look at my clock and it's already 5. Plus, my stupid prescription drug plan prefers home delivery of my medications and I blew through my three free on site pharmacy pickups (that I was unaware of) and will now get penalized for refilling in person one more time. At least the medication is cheap, so maybe I can bite the bullet if it's a percentage based penalty, or see if I can beg my way to another override. It all just takes a lot of time and effort that takes me away from my job, and I really need to be in the zone to get good work done. It negatively impacts work if I remember, but it negatively impacts me when I don't. Hmmm I can't imagine telling someone not to take their meds. I'm unsure what testing you're undergoing but... the idea that a Doctor would ask someone with ADHD to not take their meds and also drive a car is unsound medically. 

https://www.cnn.com/2017/05/10/health/adhd-distracted-driving-study/index.html \> my ADHD son, who took the bathroom cup, so I couldn't rinse my teeth 

...you know you can cup your hand\(s\) under the faucet...right? I have my “normal” days and I have my “what if it’s Alzheimer’s?” Days...

I am still in My forget to take the medication/no motivation to take it stage. 

It’s been a rough week.  Are bathroom cups normal? I've never seen one used or used one myself to rinse for brushing my teeth. I just cup my hands and rinse that way. Do you just leave the cup in the bathroom, and then the whole family uses it? I'm misunderstanding this right? Please tell me I'm misunderstanding this. At 48 I think I've hit acceptance a long while ago. It's just ADD life. 

But I figure sharing helps other people realize they are not alone. 

And forgetting not to take your meds a is a new one.  And 99% of the time I am thankful they are.  Yup, had that happen to me too.  Nope, just a ritual strong enough that you don't have to think about it. No zen secrets here.  Can you call at lunchtime? Also, maybe there is a way to request a refill online?
(I hate phone calls) Doc seems ok. I've been off meds for the last 15 years or so, no accidents. 

This is supposed to be a base line evaluation.  Am I the only one who just bends down and drinks right off the faucet? I thought so? It does help, it’s nice to know I’m not crazy alone.  I called just now because I saw your comment, so the ball is rolling. I'll probably just deal with the extra cost this time around unless it's something exorbitant. Eh. I've done it but I feel like I get more air in that way so I prefer to cup my hands. Wait, so you all use the same cup to rinse after you brush your teeth? And that's not gross at all to you? For brushing my teeth, I prefer to use a cup. Generally, do, but I've used all other techniques. 

It would take actual work to get a cup... I've seen it go both ways. 

I likely have any germs my wife and son have anyway.  