Anybody frequently get that paranoia/anxiety feeling that you are forgetting something when you go somewhere? I am so used to forgetting everything to where if I go somewhere I will by default be paranoid that I'm forgetting something  Often I don't forget something, like locking the door, but keep thinking I did leave it unlocked. And, I cannot recall the sequence of events when I was leaving the house so making me confused and paranoid. This paranaoi often lasts for the entire day, or unless I come and check it. I often have the strongest of urges that I definitely screwed up this time, and keep thinking how stupid I am. I have recurring nightmares where I completely forget about a huge, semester-long project. When the teacher says "Class, time to turn in the project," I have no idea what's going on. Preach. It's half the reason I'm seeking treatment.  I just run over the list in my head a few times, and if I forget something after that I try to relax, accept the situation and try to come up with a solution without making it into a big thing. I also place important items in front of the door so I can’t forget them. If there’s something I need to do I write it on a piece of paper in big bold letters and place it on the floor so I’ll step on it in the morning. I spend more time freaking out over maybe forgetting things than actually having forgotten them. Every time I leave the house. 

Once panicked because I forgot the leash...to get my dog from the groomer...where I left her with her leash.  Last weekend I took an uber to pick my car up from my friends house after a night out - realized I left my car keys at home when I got out of the uber...   when i am in "what i am forgetting" the 90% of the times is because i really forget something but i can't recall what it is, and after 10 minutes trying to recall it i end up just leaving and thinking " if it is so important i should not have forget it"(lie that i said to myself because i don't want to continue thinking in it). 

In other cases when it something that is not frequent to do after leave home like " do i turn the stove off or let something on??" like it is something that goes out the routine i start to wonder if i did it, and to break the paranoia i just said to myself, "i am already out and 20 minutes away i don't going to fuck return for a thing that i am 99% sure the it is off and i am just making a big deal" (and that i remember i haven't let something on, because i check many time before leave). Every day I leave the house. My s/o helps me run down a list when I leave, but I almost always still feel like I'm forgetting something I always forget if I took my daily pills. Getting a pillbox answers the question! About thrice today Nope. I have a checklist of stuff everyday before I leave the house.  It’s not paranoia if it’s true! I mean you go years forgetting things, you're bound to have a habit of thinking so. Creating a habit for yourself to check things as you go will help a good amount. Checking you have your keys, phone, etc on you. having them have "their palce" helps. Checking the door is locked before you go. But for the most part, you can't worry yourself about it. Shit happens. You'll forget things sometimes. Just the way of life. All of the time, welcome to the club!  I forget that I need something or I convinced myself I dont need something that I actually really needed but I forgot what I needed it for so I just have this looming feeling I've done something wrong until that moment where I needed that something arises but I can't use it because it's at home being useless.  When I don’t use my checklist I get paranoid. I’m OCD as well so I check everything three times  Ya. All the time. It's frustrating but I've definitely forgotten a lot of things over the years so my default when I don't immediately find something in a pocket or something is that it's lost, not just in a different spot.  Ya know, it’s interesting you say this because I used to have that problem constantly, even after I started taking Adderall last year. 
I thought it was just a feeling everyone had.

After I started Adderall, I did a long stint of neuro-feedback and one of the things that changed, that I haven’t even realized was a problem, was that feeling of constant “what am I forgetting”.

I should write a review of my neurofeedback experience for you all. It helped me a great deal. 


 Oh my god, yes, all the time! I also can't go anywhere with a backpack without feeling com pulsed to (and, inevitability, actually) checking it every 5 minutes to make sure nothing fell out. The weird thing is I never leave anything behind and I don't think I have ever lost something by forgetting it somewhere, but I still have this fear. I mentally chant, keys, wallet, phone, brain, to remember the basics Yes , I have some pattern that I need to follow so I don't need to come back , I always close my doors and push it and back a few times until the noise come to my mind and I will remember this strange behavior , however I just do that at home never at work , I always try to make things say where they belong , and everything it's important I try do the same time I remember it , 

And everytime I give something back to someone , a tool , a card , a cellphone , I always look them right in the eyes and wait to them look into mine , that way , it's easier to not forget that I deliver it , and he will remember easier too , for my experience my memory is the worst all the time , but rarely I will remember something and they will not , and this is just crazy to me because I can't recall if this is my mistake or them , so Everytime I handle anything important to anyone , is always eye contact to eye contact .

But as always I still often have the paranoia ,today morning I needed to turn off my car and get back to my home , so I would be sure that there was nothing that my dog could eat and die suffocated , I lost a good 5-10 min looking around my house , just to be sure , but I completely understand your feeling 



PS : my GF hates , when I waggle the door  I absolutely do this too, right down to even if I'm wearing my clothes. Just a bit of an obsessive behaviour, but something is necessary. I have to check that I've got my laptop, earphones, keys, ring, even my charger, which never leaves my bag. I'll lock my car 5-10 times just in case it didn't work (and maybe I like the feel of the button), but I wouldn't saying it's negative paranoia for myself, I feel good that I remembered everything, but sometimes 5 minutes later I check I did grab my keys. But then there is the few times I do forget something, like my ring which I can't deal without, this is when it finally effects me negatively, it never leaves my mind and I'm not functional for the rest of the day just because it won't leave. If you have good enough friends, like I do, they can help you out. Tell them you forgot something and they'll either do 1 of 2 things, understand that somethings wrong and change how they act appropriately or give you something to supplement. Once I forgot my earphones for school, everything was slower but luckily one of my friends handed me theirs because they realised it was more important for me then them. Another time was a recent time, a group of friends and I were watching Solo, Solo is a long movie for my standard and my ring wasn't enough, the girl of the group said to me "Take my hair tie and play with my hair, I do not mind at all" and I did, I was able to watch the whole movie and I was so greatful for her.

TLDR tell your friends, they'll know what to do if they know how you work prior EVERY TIME I LEAVE THE HOUSE  Literally everyday before work I make a strong effort to remember my keys that it's basically a habit now. My apartment door automatically locks. Without a doubt every single day, right before the door closes, I reach out to stop it and am like "Fuck I forgot my keys." then I pat my pocket and think to myself "Man why do I always do that?"

Then I do it the next day.  All the time. And it's almost always right. I've found that I have to rely on habit and/or think ahead to the state of mind I will be in when I'm rushing out the door - I leave prompts for my future self. 
When I was younger, I would always stop and do a mental checklist which only worked if there was a pneumonic device to help.  Yes, and I think about Harry Potter every time 😆

I just try and make a list, eventually the list will become  second nature. I usually verbally say the list out loud to myself before I leave. It helps 90% of the time.  I only get that feeling when I actually forgot something. For me, it acts like a notification that I'm forgetting something. And when I check if I have everything on me, I would have missed to take something.  My life, every day...

Also the lurking suspicion when I try to relax in the evening that there was something I forgot to do that day. Every time  All the fucking time I check to see if I have things repeatedly, especially when I was in school, because I had so much to keep track of, although I heard that was a type of OCD, and doesn't really mean your memory is bad, but I can tell my memory is bad if I check my phone 100 times and still don't remember the time.  I mean when you get in trouble for forgetting your pencil everyday since middle school, and then you want to go and cry after class because you can't understand why you're having those problems and nobody else is, eventually you learn to become anxious about it. Because who wants to be called lazy or careless when they care a lot. I get this feeling a lot.  Never for anything specific though.  It’s always a deep feeling of “oh fuck I feel like I forgot something really important”.  And I never actually forget anything.  Ohhhh yeah. You’re definitely not alone there! Bruh I burned the pine nuts at work 7 years ago and sometimes I get a panicked jolt like "DONT FORGET THE PINE NUTS"

also, paranoia that the oven is on, that I forgot to lock the door etc. I have to say out loud that I am doing these things while I do them or I won't remember for certain later. Also "I am taking my meds right now" I basically don't empty my handbag for this reason. I can never forget my keys if they're always in there, nor the tin of medications or the tin of hygiene supplies (I have these tins that were once small tins of chocolate, with arty prints on the outside. If I put emergency hygiene supplies in there, there's always some when I need them, and they never get destroyed being in my handbag. Also, when a friend needs them, I can just hand them the tin and they can make the choice themselves which type they want to use) This is the exact reason that I don’t anyone pack anything before a big trip. If it’s on my list of necessities and I don’t get visual confirmation, I’ll be worried about it the entire time. Even if it’s something simple, like sunscreen. I’ll beat myself up for it even though you can get that stuff almost anywhere.

I keep having to remind myself: what’s the worst that can happen? Usually it’s not life-threatening like leaving the oven on but I have strategically given house keys to close friends who would be willing to check on those things for me.

Improvise, adapt, overcome.*insert Bear Grylls meme here* Ok the time because I probably am 🤷🏼‍♀️ Hah oh child, I'm thrown into paroxysms of doubt the moment I'm asked a question about anything. "Are you sure you're wearing pants?" "I was until you asked, now I have to look down to check."

It's a fucking nightmare having to subordinate your memory of literally anything to the benign questions of other well-meaning people. UGH YES but i never know what! I started working at my friends boutique. When I close up I:

Lock the door.

Turn off the open sign.

Check the door.

Plug in devices.

Check the door.

Clock out.

Check the door.

Turn off lights. 

Leave through the back.

Circle around and check the door.

I'm terrified of accidentally leaving it unlocked and having all her stuff stolen.

I only work there one day a week, so hopefully that never happens.

Also, I need to go back on my meds, because being off them does not help my paranoia.  I often forget one or two things off the top of my head because perhaps o thought of packing them first but never got around to it. Yeah I get that, it was great with my ex-gf because she would always know what I'm forgetting and what I need, but now that that's over I feel like a mess and am always anxious of being alone publicly. Yup! Like, all the time.  I think it's actually wrong to name these things paranoia/anxiety. It would be so, if we didn't have ADHD. Our Anxiety should rather be called something like 'Foresight'. Cause we know it's going to happen. I'm afraid of forgetting something, cause 1 out of every 3 times I really forget something. It's preparing yourself for the truth. It's 'knowing what's coming'.  I don't have ADHD and I have that thing all the time All the time, it’s basically how I remember stuff, it goes like this

1. Anxiety about the fact that I’m not doing anything productive 

2. Paranoia because I think I’ve forgotten something

3. Crippling anxiety because I can’t seem to do anything in the right order or because I forget all my important chores 

4. Doing 1000 really unimportant things just to see if that could be the cause of my anxiety 

Nowadays I keep all my “more important” chores written down in a to do list book I bought from amazon for 10 dollars, I should add I am currently taking medication for my adhd.  Yesterday, while leaving my parent’s place, I panicked and thought I left my keys upstairs...as I was getting into my car 🙄. 

So, yes, basically every time I leave any location; home, work, store, etc. Despite being an adult who lives on their own, my mom still asks me if I have everything (unfortunately, she didn’t ask me yesterday lol).  I always am super cautious about not forgetting things and this paranoia makes me forget almost nothing. I am checking everything 2-3 times. Getting ready for vacation is rather time consuming since I am unorganised and try to be sure I did not forget anything. Keys, phone and wallet have the same spot in my pants since I was little so I immediately feel weird if they aren't in my pockets. This is a pretty helpful habit I subconsciously established. It's been ten years since I left school but leaving the house without a heavy backpack still feels wrong.  Yes, I have two adresses where I live and when I go from one adres to the other I am paranoid I forget something. So if possible I take a lot of time to check if I have everything, and still fucked up to forget things. Yes. I will lock up my store and I always double check both doors to the building to make sure I locked them but I've gotten that feeling that I've forgotten 10mins into my drive home and I'll just not be able to remember if I locked them and have to turn around and check.  As for me time is just an interesting concept that I don’t really subscribe to, I am often surprised that it’s weekend or that indeed it is not.

I have a routine to do checks of my pockets - Gods forbid I put something in a different pocket, it’s an instant heart attack.

I do other things before I leave the flat - like turn on the music before I leave home, as it allows me to make sure I have my headphones.

I carry a backpack full of various items: batteries, chargers, medicines, cables, pens, notebooks, lighters, tools, even a couple dozen feet of paracord. Just in case. Yes, I absolutely have this! One problem is that my mind goes on Auto-pilot when I'm trying to get things done before I leave the house and I think even people *without* ADHD have this problem. I try to use something close to "muscle memory" to figure out if I remembered everything. If I can try to remember the morning and it feels like deja vu that I've locked the door, turned the coffee pot off, or unplugged a curling iron then I trust it.

 I have absolutely forgotten to bring something I was supposed to though multiple times. For that I put it in or near my purse before I leave the house or just straight up put it in my car. That being said, I did go visit my In-laws with their gifts in my bag and forgot to give them their presents and they came all the way back home with me.  Every single day of my life. Could be something as simple as the "right" credit card to maximize points on whatever I'm doing that evening. Maybe it's brushing my teeth. Maybe I forgot to start the dishwasher. Other days it's more serious, like forgetting my work laptop at home, forgetting about a doctor's appt. It's neverending. Every morning I drop my dog off at doggy day care. I have to go out of my way to do this, and I do it  almost every morning. At *least* 3 times a day I get a sudden panic of "did I leave him in the car??" and then I go over my morning and remember that no, I dropped him off. Like every other morning. But this happens every single day. Sometimes on days when I don't take him I have this panic. Sometimes on weekends when I know he is still at my house I have this panic. Honestly, occasionally it scares me off of the idea of having kids because I am terrified that I am going to be one of those parents who leaves their kid in the car.  I always feel like I am forgetting something. And invarriably I am. For the last decade I’ve trained myself to do what I call my “three point check”. I any time I stand up or leave someplace I check my three pockets for PHONE KEYS WALLET. I figure with those 3 things I’ll be okay. 

On vacation though, when I chill out without those things, I constantly have little heart attacks because even though I have them safely stored someplace, my hands fail the three point check and alarm bells start ringing in my head.  This is my life. Especially when I'm going out of town I have to check 63 times to make sure I really do have my driver's license so I can get on the plane and did I bring all of my meds and oh god my phone and what if I left the coffee pot on and did the cat get locked in the closet by accident.... My husband was about to kill me the morning we left for vacation last month. I couldn't stop checking for stuff. 

Because yes I tend to forget things and then if I don't check for it and I really did forget it people give me *that* look. Y'all know which one I mean.  I experience it too and I've noticed that it occurs whenever we leave in a rush but when you take all your sweet time and double-check every item you're taking with you and every damn switch that's supposed to be off is turned off, it really helps not having to feel the anxiety in the first place! Move as slow as you can, when you can. All the time. Before my car broke down, I would get to a destination, put my keys in my purse, collect myself, and then proceed to either 1) start looking around my car trying to find my keys, checking my pockets and then checking my purse 2) get out, walk 5 feet, and then worry about if I left in my keys in the car + start digging through my purse I have nightmares of wearing inappropriate shoes to work, because of how many times I've accidentally gone in my house slippers  I'm at the point where I lock the door, take stuff to the car, go back and check, go back to the car, and then repeat those last two like. At least two more times. And I'm still anxious about it as I leave. At least this post and the comments make me know it's not just me?? I hate finding parking on streets because I’m super paranoid about missing a sign and getting a ticket I got up at 4am the other day because my brain wasn't sure I'd locked the car

I had

I pressed "lock" again on the fob about five times anyway One time I forgot to shut my garage door. Now, I often have a similar paranoia, and I also can't remember whether I shut the door. To deal with this, I make a habit of consciously checking that the garage is closed and verbally telling myself 'ok, the door is shut,' before pulling on to the street. I can usually remember doing that. This is why I love my smart home. People are always like "well can't you just turn off the lights and lock the doors yourself?" And I'm like NOT RELIABLY KAREN. Ha. My door locks when you close it, no need to worry ever! 

Well, about the 'is it locked' question, the 'how the hell do I get back inside?' is a different question though. (Thank god the answer is 'nice retired neighbor with a spare set of keys' now).  This is honestly the entire reason that I got myself one of those wifi cameras.

I have not regretted this decision. [deleted] Simple fix.  
  
Smart app for your doors, including garage door if you have one.  
  
And an app for your car doors.  
  
It was worth every penny to me. If I ever get anxious, I just check my phone once, and get on with my day. Ditto x1000 I always say out loud that I’ve done the sequence 

“Matt you have put the alarm on”

“Matt you have locked the door”

It’s definitely helped me  Me too! Or it's time for the final exam but I haven't been to class all semester.  Basically every time we leave the house I tell my boyfriend “I know I forgot something, but it’s okay. Let’s go”

And almost every time I realise like half an hour later. 

The French press. My belt for work. A hat for vacation. My apartment key  I have never once forgotten my wallet (touch wood). I forget everything else. So if I need to remember something I stick my wallet on top of it. Hasn't failed me yet.  For me, if it's critical, it either goes in my shoe or, if that isn't feasible, I will attach my car keys to it.  I'm not going far without both of them...  My mom would do similar to communicate with my sisters and I over summer vacations- my parents would leave before we got up and wouldn't be home most of the day. If they texted or called us, we'd almost always forget. So she started putting/taping big pieces of paper on the handle of the fridge door, the TV, the computer monitor, the front door handle, etc. and it worked really well! Now at my apartment we have "thermostat!!" in marker on the inside of our door 😂 That happened to me a few weeks ago except I was drunk and really had to pee.

In the end, I met my new neighbors who happen to be pretty cool 😆 I use an app call MediSafe. It pops up with alerts when it’s time to take my meds. It give different alarm options from ridiculously annoying to hardly intrusive. I always forget to get a pillbox so i just take my pill out of the container the night before, leave it on my phone and take it in the morning Same here. Checklists for everything. I have separate backpacks for gym and office and everything that goes into those, go in the exact same spot. If it's not there, I get a panic attack.  What’s neuro-feedback? Yes, please do write about it!
I did some neurofeedback sessions as a kid, but it was a long time ago and I don't remember... Been wondering lately if it would help to do it again. This is my life. I look like one of those crazy people on the bus, but each time I don't, I e d up forgetting something like a vaporizer or my ecig mod, I've lost close to $500 this year alone just on spacing shit on the bus. 😑 Mine is pho-wa-key. (Phone, wallet, keys.)

I don't even have keys since I don't drive and our neighbourhood is so safe we always leave the door unlocked. But you can bet I always check anyway.  Keys, phone, money, ID, card, what else was I bringing specially today?

I have a twice monthly feeling of pure panic thinking I've forgotten my hi-vis for work when I'm wearing it.  Spectacles, testicles, wallet, and watch! I chant that to myself every time I’m doing the pat down of my pockets that’s required before I leave almost anywhere. If I don’t, somethings definitely getting left behind. If it means getting my hair played with, I'll be your friend [deleted] My non-adhd friends don't do this Thia happened on Monday and this was the conversation I had in my head.
Voice 1: You definitely did not lock the door.
Voice 2: No you did lock it, you don't remember, like always.
Voice 3: You moron. Now you will get anxious and paranoid. This is going to ruin your day.

I stood there for a few seconds, and without an ounce of certainty chose to go with voice 2. Because I was getting late, and perhaps i will learn a lesson if I get robbed today. 😐 That sounds more like OCD in my opinion, but I'm not a doctor. Is it simply cause you go back up, do something else and forget to check the door or? Same here😁. Also I forget where I parked, so I always take a picture. That's how you lock the car door. You need to press atleast a couple of times.😂 I will practice that, telling myself verbally. I always leave a spare set with friends. 😂😂 I am almost always on autopilot. I cannot recall if I did put something my bag, if I locked the door. I have 6 pairs of headphones just because of that. Yeah nice. I’ve forgotten my wallet once. I realised while driving, glanced to look for it and rear ended a car while distracted. I didn’t do much damage, but the person who I hit was very unimpressed I didn’t have my license on me. :/ I've always found it so interesting that Europeans say touch wood where as north Americans say knock on wood  [deleted] It’s hard to describe but it’s a way to retrain how your brain works. It can be helpful for a myriad of emotional and learning problems but it doesn’t work for everyone and it’s not scientifically proven. 
I personally got a whole lot of benefit from it and will tell anyone who will listen to give it a go.  I mean, I work in the food service, ADHD is really prominent in my industry. I'm a sous chef right now training a kid that is too ADHD to accomplish anything and he's getting fired this week. Every day his work performance  is worse than the last. He was late one hour his second day, two hours his third day. Got me sick the third day. Doesn't know how to work and talk. I tell him how to do something  and he still screws it up. Every person in the building won't stop complaining about him, how incompetent he  is and how annoying he is. It hurts me a little because I was just like him ten years ago. Working with him is like looking in the mirror and I feel so embarrassed, I wonder how much of his work performance lives on in me today. How hard I've worked to overcome it, I wonder how much incompetence remains.

It doesn't matter what the work is. It doesn't matter if you think working at Subway is beneath you. If you can't do food service, you won't be able to do anything. People like to dismiss food service as being the problem because they want to make you feel better, and those people are doing you a great disservice. Subway isn't the problem, your mishandling of ADHD is. kitchens are perfect for people like us with ADHD, there are routines, it's physical, there's flow and timing. You just have to click into it and once you condition yourself, you can do it better than all the neurotypicals because you inprove as you go and optimize with pattern recognition and muscle memory that everyone else can't hope to match

I also struggle with counting things properly. You have to learn how to count ADHD style, with stacks of small amounts, group into larger amounts and then count all the piles etc

Good luck. Hope you're doing better now  Well  I have a lot of adhd symptoms, that's why I subscribed to this reddid in the first place, but I don't think I have it though I don't usually go back and check. But the urge is very strong, because I cannot recall anything about it. It's like that scene never happened. If it is something that should be in my bag, I need to check to make sure. I can never recall that I did actually put it there. [deleted] I agree.  Checking is a classic symptom of OCD.  For me, it's because I'm usually thinking about something else, and my brain doesn't register if I did it or not. And I've not enough times, it's a reasonable worry. Haha , I already lost my car and stay looking for him for 5 hours straight in the Sao Paulo downtown 0.o , I was not nervous as I know that this could happen someday , but I think that a few police officer thought I was sincerely crazy , they didn't look with me , but they did indicate where I should look for , in the brief road explanation I remember hahahah  Press it into your head , it give you a few more meters to operate it and you don't need to come too close to it ahhahaha  It definitely helps. “Ok self, the door is DEFINITELY shut and locked.” 
My memory of hearing a voice saying the statement is much more concrete than the memory of having the same thought in my head.  [deleted] For me, it's all about having a pattern.  Basically, I have to put everything in the same place.  It's not an OCD like situation where having them out of order bothers me, but more about working off "muscle memory".  If my glasses are always on the night stand, keys attached to my back pack, and shoes next to the bed, I don't have to think about it.  Course that also means it bothers me terribly if someone moves them since it throws me off balance when it's not where I left it.   [deleted] See if you don't check then it's adhd You NEVER remember the reminder in five minutes. Rule of ADHD It is but if I went back with the intention of locking the door, and went back to the car I'd know I went up there to lock it.. so it must be locked Noted, wireless headphones. 😁
Which one do you use ? Bud. I've been doing this a while now. I've worked with lots of people with ADHD. I've coached them, I've shown them my tricks, I've helped them  overcome and grow. Not just as cooks, but as people. I understand the function of it, I encourage them to get diagnosed if they aren't or to find the right treatment I'd they are diagnosed. I teach them about conditioning and routines.

I can only work with someone if there's something to work with, alright? Trust me.  This kid tells me he's diagnosed and he tried all the meds and nothing works. Doesnt drink coffee . He makes ZERO effort to better himself, to condition himself he thinks everything else is the problem and not himself. I can write instructions for him and he'll still fuck it up. I can show him five times in a row and watch him do it right, and he will still do it wrong after that. There are no excuses. Sometimes ADHD gets in the way. And sometimes it's just the exclamation point in the end of 'INCOMPETENT!'

He's already fired he just doesn't know it yet. He's not a genius in disguise, he's just an idiot that happens to also have ADHD.



 Today a server saw him stealing product out of our walk in. I honestly can't imagine a worse employee. 