I forgot my wallet and sunglasses at the ADHD-evaluator's office... It's probably the most sit-commy my life has been so far.. But I DON'T CARE BECAUSE I JUST GOT MY OFFICIAL DIAGNOSIS! ADHD-C flair here I come :D The irony. You should call them and ask them to hang on to them for you before you pick them up. Woo! Haha something similar happened to me at the pharmacy last month. I was picking up my ADHD med prescriptions, standing at the counter while the pharmacy tech (who I have gotten to know very well over the years) got my stuff scanned. I was holding my HSA card in my hand so I could pay, and I asked her if I just scan it like a regular card because it's a new thing for me. She said yes but wait to swipe it and kept doing her thing. Like 30 seconds later when it was time to pay, my card was missing. The tech was like, "Didn't you JUST have that in your hand?" I said yes and started kind of freaking out. Looked through my wallet, on the floor, all around the counter. She finally (like another 30-45 seconds later) asked if I checked my shirt pocket, and sure enough, it was in there. I didn't even know I *had* a shirt pocket and I definitely don't remember putting it in there. We were both cracking up and she goes, "Ah yes, the ADHD is strong in this one."  Ha. Yesterday I missed my psych appt by 19 min. I was ordering lunch on my lunch break and then was like "OH GOD OH NO DR!" And ran away. And then he had no problem which was great. But had I forgotten I would have run out by the end of my vacation I leave for tomorrow  I forgot my purse at the Dr. Office when we were having my son evaluated. Genetic yes? 
 Congratulations! 

I should really get around to doing my flair.  Is a conspiracy I tell you, they have you forget their valuables at their place, and then you forget them... I forgot to fill out a section of the ADHD screening test my therapist gave me. He just laughed and gave me the results..."very likely". Haha.  I showed up no the wrong day. :) Sucks. Last month as i was heading to fill my scrip i passed by my doctors office which instantly reminded me i had left my scrip at home...25 miles away....fuuuuuuuck my life My ritual upon leaving *anywhere* is to look back over the table and chair and any place I touched or was near, then run through a mental checklist of my possessions while patting every pocket. 

It makes me look like a senile old twat, but if it means I get home with all my possessions every day, it's worth it.  Sounds like me at the ATM the other day. Was SOL on that one. Haha! I got there and realized that I had lost my insurance card. Congrats on your diagnosis. ;) I did the same. It was the day I was first prescribed to meds after diagnosis, and the doctor had to come out of the office to catch me leaving, to give back the key I left.  Yeah i tend to forget where i put stuff as well :( Last time I went to try to find a psychiatrist under my new insurance, I walked all the way through 3 corridors to the psych receptionist's desk before realizing I forgot my wallet (and thus insurance cards) at home. It's a struggle. Where's yo' flair, friend? ...You forgot, didn't you? ;)

Sorry, I could not resist this joke. :) I hope you get some benefit out of treatment! hahahha this happened to me... I remember that I went to the counter outside the doctors office before I left and the doctor was waiting for me outside the building with my sunglasses in his hands. he just handed them to me while saying "Yup. ADHD" I did the exact same thing except I left all my report cards there following my diagnosis lol. I didn't even realize I'd forgotten them until they called me a week later asking if I was coming back for them ever... Yay! And I'm going to piggy-back on this thread, cause I went to the psychiatrist yesterday and got diagnosed.

So I'm adding my flair too! I have always been horrible about remembering stuff so I devised a fail-safe plan. Remember the number of things you left your car with. For example: keys, wallet, phone, sunglasses, tablet remember 5 and always be count to 5 make it a ritual. This is my fail-safe method it has only let me down once :) Yep that seals the deal! Welcome to the club! I attach anything important  to my keys. Can't leave without my keys. I did the same thing.  Got back to my car after my appointment and could find my glasses anywhere.  Checked every pocket I had around 5 times.  Went back and knocked on the Dr's door and interrupted.  He had a student Dr with him for the day so the 3 of us had a good laugh at my expense  [removed] Losing your wallet in a known location beats the mystery of having no idea where your wallet is I actually noticed by my car, and was able to get them back :) It was just so typical to knock on that door and ask if my wallet was there. I guess my evaluator became even more confident in my diagnosis after that :) Haha love that <3 "The ADHD is strong in this one" will be my new icebreaker if people get uncomfortable with my obvious symptoms. LOL! This happens to me almost every day with one item or another.  I once lost a library card in my hand.

I once lost a key to my car in the ignition. Hah lol! There must be so many of these sit-commy situations the doctors and evaluators get to experience :p Oh yeah, thanks for reminding me! Forgot to fix the flair. And thanks! :D I think you're on to something o______O Uuuugh that sucks! Especially that far away. You probably would rather spend your time doing anything but driving 50 extra miles. I'm really lucky that all the pharmacies here have access to digital perscriptions so I won't have that problem. SOL? :) Haha daamnit! Okay, only took 9 hours but I got it down thanks to this jab at my inattentiveness ;D <3 FLAIR MISSION ACCOMPLISHED! Haha yees! After I tried to discreetly just grab my wallet and sunglasses my evaluator chuckled and said "✔ check!" Yaay! Twinsies :D Congratulations <3 Yes this is my method too! It has definitely helped me out getting my basics down like wallet, sunglasses, keys and cell phone. It's actually what made me realize I left my wallet before I entered the car :) Thank you :) Smart! *cue laugh track*

It's definitely a lot easier to laugh about now that I have options I haven't had my whole life, a lot more hopeful now than before :) Thanks ;D Their "lost and found" must be huge. my doctor said the same thing during the interview about it lol, because I kept tuning out and switching topic mid-sentence, getting distracted by something outside, etc.

Now I've got adderall.

Hooray! Oh my god, so many times I've gotten into my car, turn around to put my jacket in the back, and then the five minute search for my car keys starts lol. "I *know* I just opened the door with them... They have to be here somewhere..." Shit Outta Luck. Yay someone like me :) My new forgetfulness is leaving my credit card at different places. I have all of my stuff just not the most important thing, lol. Do you have a method to make sure you have your card (open to suggestions)? 

 Tried my cellphone a few times. Ended up leaving the cellphone every time. Riiight? Might need an extra building for it. Apparently the interview process is supposed to take 1,5 hours (DIVA 2.0) but mine took 3,5 hours because I would go off on tangents and just keep talking... My evaluator was convinced from the beginning :p Ah thanks! Also sorry you weren't as lucky as me. I've lost my fair share of cards and wallets over the years.. Pretty nice catching a break on that streak for once! I have all my cards in my wallet, and know how many are supposed to be in each pocket (three in each). The only thing that helps me is practicing mindfulness when I'm paying for things. If I want to say something to the cashier or waitress I have to make sure the card is either 1) In card reader or 2) In its place in the wallet. It has made me less talkative but the moment I start talking to someone that card is gonna end up on a counter or in some weird pocket I didn't know existed :p Yeah I've gotten a wallet case for my phone. Now I'm either on track or 100% without phone or wallet, which has my bus pass :p Luckily I take the bus often so I can go back and grab them when I can't get on the bus :p Ah. Thanks for the suggestion. Be more mindful of the card placement and make sure its in one of 2 places while not talking; I dig it :) 