The lose-lose situation of having to decide whether to complete your current task, or act on a new idea - knowing that if you don't, you probably won't remember that new idea again. Either I forget the current task or I forget the new task I wanted to do. Thoughts and memories are so unhelpfully fleeting!  Write it down!!!!! I use Google Keep for those random ideas. I started a "fishbowl" in my house. I've been meaning to make a post about it actually because I am very proud of the idea. I have a small fishbowl in my kitchen, and I keep small strips of cut-up post it notes nearby. When I have an "eventually" idea that I dont want to forget me or distract me too much, I write it on the inside (sticky side) of the slip and fold it in half to "seal" it. I then write a hint on the outside regarding the type of action written inside (i.e. house project, personal organization, chore, etc.), whether it costs $, and est. time to complete.

When I find myself wasting time (*cough*scrolling endlessly on facebook*cough*) I go pick an idea from the fishbowl. I look at the outside hint, and if it makes sense for the type of task I'd like to complete & timeframe, I commit to doing it before I open to read the inside.

It's working very well for me so far. Those ideas I don't want to forget are no longer lost forever, so I dont feel obligated to let them distract me from my current task anymore. (Expect a full thread on this.... eventually) Or else the thing where when you'll finally have time for that new idea, it won't be interesting to you anymore and that would be a terrible shame, at least to the current you who is still interested in it. I had a magical moment a few nights ago.  I laid in bed and thought of something I knew I had to remember the next morning.  I knew I should get up and write it down and thought "You know what? FUCK IT!  I'm going to remember!"

And I did.  I have no idea how or why but I believed in myself and I did remember.  I assume this will never happen again but damn it felt good! i second writing it down. makes it easier to get back to the first task. I have this problem big time. I've recently started a system for work that I now use in my personal life. I have a bullet journal and any and every little thing I want to do or need to do gets wrote down. nothing to small or big it all goes on paper. The greatest lie I tell myself is "I'll definitely remember that". Post it notes are great to have handy too. Car, every room of my apartment, backpack, even have some stuck to the inside of my bullet journal just in case. You should download a tape recorder app, they're so much better than writing things down IMO because u don't have to worry about getting super off topic while typing. Yep. I use Evernote. Incredibly useful. I'm nothing without my pocket calendar that doubles as a notebook and a pen that I like. (It's adamant that I like the pen! I hate writing with shitty pens on shitty paper. Give me things I enjoy and I do that more.)

I'll even write out a packing list for 3 weeks in advance on a piece of paper at work even though I know I'll throw it away later that day, just to have those thoughts out of my mind. It's like rambling on to myself. I love this! Such a great idea! I LOVE this idea! That one is definitely a persistent problem. But writing it down and coming back to it later can also be useful for that very reason. Once you've separated from it a bit, you realize it wasn't that great of a use for your limited time. In the moment, everything always seems like a great idea, which is one of the reasons it's so hard to stay focused on what you're *supposed* to be doing. Came here to say bullet journal. Of course mine doesn't look like those perfectly decorated ones in youtube tutorials, misses a month or a week here and there... But in stead of having post it notes all over the house, I have all of my ideas in one place.  Any recommendations?  I use Journey. Searchable and organized by date. I watched a TEDx talk about a guy, who uses those classic notebooks to do "brain-dumps". I started doing it too. It's so much fun and browsing through old ideas is always goo inspiration.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9LRSgxbQqM Another Evernote user here! Chaos Control app is also good, let's you break projects down into steps. Voice Recorder & Audio Recorder works well for me, but I'm pretty all of them do just about the same thing Oo that sounds even more useful than Keep!  Brain dumps! That's exactly what it is! Thank you. :) I thought it was a Shadow reference, but that sounds pretty useful. :) LOL 