How much money did you recently lose due to your distraction? TL;DR: lost thousands of dollars over time because I was moneywise disorganized. How much did you lose?
 
Being newly medicated, i start slowly getting an overview about where my money goes.... figured out that i was paying about 500$ too much per year for health insurance (due to a administrative detail - in my country), lots of "small" amounts of overdue fees acumulated to the hundreds, i even didn't claim the salary for an internship a couple of years ago (in link with my university and a lot of complicated paperwork), the missed amount was about 2000$... I always said to myself: oh you're not the materialistic guy, only boring and organized peopled do have a budget and actually track their money. Now this all seems like a massive psychological defense mechanism... What are your most expensive experiences?

Edit: don't take me wrong, it wasn't that I actually HAD that money to lose... it's just accumulating in my study-loan... if only I was a millionaire who really wouldn't care... I manage my money pretty well. Definitely lost some money to subscriptions I forgot to cancel like free trials.

The biggest "loss" is the opportunity cost of not having been more successful than I could be right now and accumulate debt. The lack of money I can save up. 

What is a hundred dollars in trials I forgot to cancel compared to the 80k-120k I could be making right now. I used to forget to get cash out of ATMs and get my debit card back from shops.... that got expensive really fast...

Lately I've been struggling with finances (both the fiancé and I are seeing more doctors than usual) so I got really really hard on myself to be perfectly economical and rational with *every purchase* - yeah that didn't last long.... Around 20k over the course of the year  [deleted] lost so much due to not working up to my potential, but thats a common thread around here.

on the flipside, i bought some bitcoin a few years ago and kinda forgot about it, until recently. wow! Probably hundreds in last minute Uber and Lyft rides.  I'm only 17, but I worked a shitton this year. Working minimum wage basically as many hours as I could... while still doing well in high school.     I made roughy $13,000 this year.                                I have 104$ in my bank account. 

However I'm on the rise, my recent purchase left me broke months, and I still owe a lot money for my 2 vehicles insurance, phone bill, and useless subscriptions I had.  The total of my bills for the year of actually necessary purchases was probably less than 6000. 

But being so low for so long was a big wake up call. I hope.  oh. my. gawd. where to begin??

Lost thousands of dollars due to impulsive decisions about projects in my house, not having a clear and concise plan and hiring bad contractors.

Wasted thousands of dollars every year due to mindless shopping. Spending money as a stimulating activity. 

Failure to work enough to keep up with my spending habits has ensured that i never get too far ahead financially. 

Basically Ive wasted many many thousands of dollars. Had I been smart and saved my money while steadily working in the last 10 years I'd have about $100,000 more than I do now. I am really sorry for those who lost these massive amounts! Guess I am lucky that i am pretty much save from impulse shopping (at least in town/malls) because i am so much overwhealmed by stuff and people that normally I get angry and irritable before I actually start shopping. Nevertheless goal should be to actually find out these money-leaks....  Calendar and reminders for those free trials! That's the only thing that has worked for me (bills as well). Thank goodness my bank's ATMs have LOUD alarms if you don't grab your card FAST once the transaction's completed! yeah i have hypertension so i dont know if ill ever be treatable. already in my 40's, pretty much lost hope. Oh if you actually want to deal with those, make a virtual credit card with privacy.com

Thats the real solution aha i left mine in the machine just the other day, luckily someone turned it in to the grocery store office where my atm is located.

why in the hell cant i just swipe it, it locks it in the machine now to read that damn chip. im afraid ill forget it again, it needs a lloud ass alarm or something@! I am so glad for that alarm. Before that, if you left it for a few seconds too long, the system would suck it in and hold it until they mailed it back to you. Guess they had a lot of "us" as customers so it was worth investing in such a system for them!
 I am so glad for that alarm. Before that, if you left it for a few seconds too long, the system would suck it in and hold it until they mailed it back to you. Guess they had a lot of "us" as customers so it was worth investing in such a system for them!
 I am so glad for that alarm. Before that, if you left it for a few seconds too long, the system would suck the card in and hold it until they mailed it back to you. Guess they had a lot of "us" as customers so it was worth investing in such a system for them!
 