Did I already put shampoo on? Almost 3 out of 5 mornings when i'm taking a shower I face this issue, end up washing my hair a little too much, anyone here with similar forgetfulness issues?  Yes if I wash my hair first then by the end of the shower I can't remember if I did it and wash again, I have to maintain a proper routine if I don't want to ruin my hair or waste product Mine is forgetting whether or not I just locked a door when I leave my home or office. I go back and check once or twice almost everyday because I can’t remember and, although it hasn’t happened often, I have actually forgotten sometimes so it’s good that I checked.  Actually happens with medicine for me and I can’t just take some more. At night I’ve started flipping the bottles for my morning meds upside down. That way in the morning, if it’s still upside down then I know I haven’t taken it yet. If you’ve got flat ended shampoo bottles, maybe you can try the same! After your shower, just remember to flip them upside down again and you’ll be set.
 [deleted] Pull on a bit of your hair between two fingers. If it squeeks, youve washed it Something that might help - once you shampoo, move the shampoo bottle to a different spot in the shower. Then if you forget, you’ll be able to tell at a glance  Smartest thing I ever did was stop shampooing my hair so often. Once a week at best, hair is better than ever.  Nearly 99% of the time I get out the shower with one underarm covered in soap.  Or forget to rinse it out... Nd don’t get me started on how good a shower feels, I just have trouble getting out. I forget if I’ve taken my pills or not. I forget a lot of things :P It’s annoying  I have a top-down routine starting with the top of the head and ending with my toes.
The only thing I do outside of the sequence is wash my face last. I never forget that though, because I the feeling of a greasy face drives me crazy.  I used to have this problem with my medications. I would take them one at a time (of course getting somewhat distracted in between) and would not be able to remember if I took the first one already. I solved it in the following way: I lay out all of the medication I need to take on the counter top, and then put the bottles away. That way even if I get distracted, I know which ones I still need to take.

You could solve this in the shower by taking the shampoo bottle and placing it somewhere it doesn't usually go (ie the floor of the shower). Then when you finish washing your hair, put the shampoo bottle away. It will be easy to figure out whether you've washed your hair already. I sometimes am not sure weather or not I even took my ADHD pills in the morning. On those days I don't dare to take it again. Don't wanna double dose by mistake.  I usually end up with one shaved leg or armpit.  Whoa, is this a ADHD thing? I always have this issue. I thought it was a memory loss thing. Sometimes when I shower I forget if I washed my body. I end up starring at my bar of soap trying to remember if I used it or not

Other times I'll think about something I want to buy, and when I go to Amazon a few seconds later I forgot what it was.

I really want to get tested for ADHD. I'm 90% sure I have it. It's probably why I suck at school and can't read more than 10 pages at a time yah its confusing when you use both shampoo and conditioner.

I am always like: did i use th shampoo or consdition or what the heck do i need to put on my head rn  Double conditioner/ no shampoo  is particularly unflattering on strait hair girls but I still wear it regularly. 

I think I took my depression meds twice but I feel pretty happy about it🙃 Something that helps me, if you've already shampooed your hair, it's kind of "squeaky"(almost like "sticky" without actually sticking) if you rub on it.  This and forgetting that I’m taking a shower. “Ok today its a quick shower” *20 mins later* “did I wash myself already?”

My parents are always pissed at me cause of it but I cant help it. The one that drives me nuts is when I forget to put on deodorant I usually see there is still foam near the drain Yes. I do things like this all the time. Forget how many coffee scoops I put in the maker, forget what I be done in the shower, etc. it’s rough.  I once forgot to shower at all despite getting in with the water on. I only realized because I came back in the bathroom later and saw the perfectly dry wash rag I had laid out earlier.  Short term memory deficit is one of the primary symptoms of adhd or add If you’re not sure, apply only a small amount (like a nickel-sized blob) of shampoo. If you’ve already washed it you’ll still get a hell of a lather, otherwise you can add more shampoo if needed. 

Clean hair lathers up faster.  Hmm... in the shower I've:

* used conditioner before shampoo
* washed my hair with shaving cream
* shampoo/condition hair, shave, wash face (but never actually cleaning the rest of my body)
* re-done something because I couldn't remember if I did it already or not
* forgot to wash my face
* forgot to shave This so much

It's the little things like this that piss me off the most

"WHY AM I LIKE THIS"  Yeah, I tried having a routing of leaving the cap open as a reminder, but then I would forget to close it later and be in the same position anyways. Anyone find a system to not forget? Yep... I check the floor for foam to know if I already washed my hair..... :$ I keep picking up body wash, and then put it in my hair, and the second I do it, I realise what I have done. Almost every shower. Yes. completely relate!!! more with "did I take my meds?" so I got a weekly organizer and that helped or "did I brush my teeth" "did I eat?" "did I put on deodorant??" The amount of times I've stepped into the running shower and forgot to take of my bra or underwear is just too many to count lol. That or remembering that I forgot a razor or something in another my room half way through the shower. Definitely. Particularly not with the shampoo (other factors), but with everything else: have I already washed ________? It can be anything, for example my feet, there I go washing 2-3 times.

I have a sequence, but (1) I sometimes modify it; (2) if it's a day when I'm very "away", I'll certainly not be attentive to the sequence and won't memorize what I've already done.  

And there are the before(s) and after(s): I forgot the soap for the face, I forgot to take off the glasses (have to stop and take off), etc, etc... I only wash my hair once a week or so, but yes this happens to me. Or I finish and start to get out, then realize I never did conditioner. I have to feel my teeth almost daily like "did I do the top yet?"  Yes this kind of thing happens to me all the time! I've found that with things I often forget, saying them aloud helps me remember. Like "Okay, shampoo is done." Or "okay, I've just put my wallet in my bag. It's there." And mentally it's like I'm making a point to acknowledge it so then I'll remember it, or rather remember making a point about it.  I do this, but with medicine. I know I should use a pill container, but that seems like a lot of work. You have to buy the container and then remember to fill it up. Then you have to not fill it up early on days when you have motivation, but only on exactly one day of the week.  Sometimes I forget to rinse the shampoo out, look in the mirror, turn shower back on and get back in... My favorite is using body soap on my hair.  Nothing like finding out you forgot to rinse out your conditioner when you're combing your hair, right? If you pull on your hair and it squeaks, you already put shampoo in it (and probably washed it out). Pretty sure my dogs have had their monthly heart worm prevention multiple times during the month?  Better safe than sorry.  Lol.  They aren't going to OD on it but man is it expensive!  Not so much shampooing, but definitely if there's clothes in the dryer, eggs-a-boiling, plant watering, time acknowledgment  Sooo much ... pre-medication, I would spend way too long in the shower redoing things.  I have also put conditioner on my shower pouf and put shower gel in my hair. I count to 30 while shampooing and to 120 while conditioning, so once I start counting I know I've started the process. I've recently started ADHD and depression medication. I can't remember how many times this past week I had forgotten if I had brushed my teeth after waking up. In my case, I usually have a cup of coffee after getting up, and I don't like how it tastes when I brush my teeth first and then drink coffee. So then I get distracted... forgetful... you can guess what happens next... Er only if I remember to shower.. It helps me to have distinct smells for my products. If I get the same scented shampoo and conditioner it's easy to get mixed up. I don't even have ADHD and this happens to me.  It's usually because I'm tired and my mind often drifts when in the shower.  I swear that JUST happened to me last night. That and, "Did I just take the tylenol or not?" I've started talking myself through showers. Soap, cloth, soapy cloth. Face, arm A arm B etc. I still get to the end and forget something and have to turn the shower back on. The best thing to do is to make a habit in your shower time. I always 1) Wash my face, 2) wash my hair and put in conditioner, 3) wash, and then 4) rinse my hair. This way, I never ever forget. BTW, never use soap on your face. I use Alba Botanical ACNEdote and haven’t had any problems with pimples since I started using it about 7 years ago. My skin is so clear that I don’t wear any foundation which saves a ton of time getting ready for the day. Usually I can tell if I feel my hair. Except if I put on conditioner a minute ago, I forget that I did it and die anyway I use the shampoo/conditioner mix so first thing I do is put it in hair and just let it sit until after the soap. But ima male with short hair and I always take quick showers, so may not work for everyone.  Whenever you do it just try to make a mental note I have a system.

Hair/face. Upper body, Arse. Lower body. Feet.

It works fine. Yep. I put rice in the rice cooker, and in the 10 seconds it took me to grab the measuring cup and fill it up with water I forgot how many scoops of rice I added.  I usually have a very specific routine if I’m washing my hair. Shampoo > Rinse > Conditioner > Soap > Rinse all

The shampoo feels different from the conditioner in my hair so that really helps. But I have definitely still duplicated effort at times. =\ I always finish finding my hair and immediately realize I don’t know if I was finding out shampoo or just wetting my hair to then put shampoo in yes! not the exact same situation, but yes!  Yes it happens with me too. Are you on any sort of medication for it? Try r/nopoo! You can't forget anymore! This trouble intensifies when I'm using both shampoo and conditioner... Rub a bit of hair between your fingers- if it squeaks then you already shampooed  I once forgot to rinse the shampoo off and went to school with super sticky hair. Run your hand over hair. If it squeaks then it’s been cleaned already! At the gym I forget how many sets I've done. When I'm jump roping I try and do 100x10. Always lose count This is where strategies come in handy! 

Have 2 spots for the shampoo? Have your pre-wash spot and once you use it put it in a different spot, designated for the "I only put it in THIS spot so I MUST have already washed my hair" reminder? 

I don't know ahaha or use a "bath marker" on the end of the shower that doesn't get as wet and write a check mark or something when you're done so you know you already did it! I always have a hard time getting the motivation to start my shower routine. Because then I know I'll have to start my bedtime routine, and that requires even more mental energy.  Pull on a few strands of hair.  If they feel squeaky, you shampooed.  If they feel smooth and a little oily you didn't shampoo.  If it feels silky you conditioned.  Also if it's safe to, put the bottle on the floor of the shower after you use it so you know you've used it. Feel your hair. If it squeaks u shampooed When I lived at home it was 'did I lock the door to the bathroom?' Every trip to the bathroom for like 18 years meant at least 3 checks to make sure I didn't forget to lock the door. Now I live by myself and I don't think I've ever actually closed the bathroom door. Weird.  Or “did i take my medication today” thats a big one for me Firmly run your hand with the grain of your hair. If it squeaks, you already washed. If it doesn't, you still need to wash.

Unless you're black.. I don't know enough about black people's hair to be sure, but I'm pretty sure it's different as far as oil goes (which is what makes this trick work) and this trick may not apply. Shave head. Problem solved I always second guess if I took my meds (not for ADHD).  I've started washing my body as soon as I do my hair without rinsing it. Everything washes off at once and I don't have to look around the shower for shampoo on the walls to clue me in if my mind wanders between washing my hair and body I don’t have this issue even though I am deeply ADHD

Note: I am bald Sometimes I start to turn off the shower and realize the soap is still dry.  I wash my hair once a week these days, so no, but when I washed more frequently, yes.  I've tried using shampoo as bodywash, if that counts. Sometimes i shampoo, condition, and then shampoo again because i forgot. I got a medicated shampoo in middle school that required it to sit in your hair for about ten-fifteen minutes. Once I shampoo my hair I start the rest of my shower and then rinse it all off together. 

Boom. Hacked. 


Except when I forget to wash it at all. Or when I get halfway into drying it and realize I got out and didn’t rinse it out.  Additionally: Did I just put conditioner near my scalp?  It's happened so much to me that I finally developed a system.

My shampoo goes on a corner shelf in the shower, in front of the conditioner bottle.  When I shampoo, I take the bottle off the shelf, and put it on the floor.  Same with conditioner.

So now I always know where I'm at...if both bottles are on the shelf, I haven't done anything.  If shampoo is already on the floor, but not conditioner, then I need to use conditioner. I don’t have this SPECIFIC problem since I’m an every-other-day showerer and therefore there’s a definite texture difference between my washed vs unwashed wet hair, but I have this TYPE of forgetfulness ALL the time. And I just had to share one from this morning that made me think of your post: 

“Wait..... did I already put on fresh underwear?” 

I really wasn’t sure, but at least it didn’t hurt anything to change them either way!  If I leave my towel to dry outside its usual spot I forget to bring it with me the next time I shower. Then I have to sprint out of the bathroom and hope my roommates don't see me.

Instead of shampoo it's shower gel for me. >I have to maintain a proper routine if I don't want to ruin my

...life. 

Basically sums up my ADHD strategy. For this exact reason, I always shampoo and condition and leave the conditioner in while I wash up so I can’t forget. It has the added benefit of conditioning my skin when I rinse, because I never remember to put on lotion.   Yep - I basically wash myself in the same order each time.  [deleted] As I’m leaving work and home I always say out loud “it is 6:02 on Tuesday and I am locking the door”. That way it sticks out in my mind and I can remember that I did it, plus if I think back and say “but what that yesterday?” I can remember if I checked my watch etc.  Doors, windows, the oven.... Yeah, I'm  pretty forgetful. How about forgetting meetings or showing up on the wrong day for meetings? I just get in the habit of trying to open every door after I lock it, and locking immediately after I exit. 

One thing I do forget on occasion is taking the keys out of the door when I go inside ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯  I used to work in a prison where I had to lock every door behind me. I routinely had to go back to every single door at least twice to check if I remembered to lock it.  I saw it out loud several times on the way to the car and that gives me some peace of mind.  I left my front door unlocked for the 14 days I was gone on vacation. Yep... Just... Yep..  Every time I get out of the car, I use the keyfob to lock it before I put the keys away.  Then 20 feet away, I think "Oh god, did I lock the car?" and I use the fob again.  

The funny thing is that there is nothing worth stealing in the car, unless in\-dash CD players are suddenly back in style.  But it still drives me crazy unless I do it. BUT DID I JUST FORGET TO FLIP THEM This is why I use a 7 day pill holder.

For shampoo, maybe try no shampoo?  I've found that shampoo makes my hair too unmanageably wispy.  A little oil build-up helps keep it from flying around and getting in my eyes.  So I use shampoo only when my hair is noticeably stinky.  Otherwise it's just warm water to keep the funk down.  Hair wet?  I've washed it.  Hair dry?  Missed a step somewhere. I have the same problem. Just started the flip method myself, flipping the bottle in the morning and  back over in the afternoon. So many times I’d freak out not being able to remember if I took my meds or just thought about taking them at some random time but never did it.  I had this same issue and now I use an app to keep track of it! It's called MediSafe, but I'm sure there are other ones out there. You can set reminders for each medicine and you can also set refill reminders. I also added generic stuff like ibuprofen to "as needed" so I can just go in and add a dose, that way I know if it's been long enough since my last dose that I can take it again. I do still sometimes forget to mark off that I've taken stuff, but it makes it a whole lot easier. Physical 7day pill box or Medisafe. 

I think the pill box is better to tell you if you took it. and Medisafe is a good way to keep hassling you if you tend to forget to take it.  Yeah I have to keep a note on my phone when and how much I take This is a great idea. How many tries did it take you to remember? I’m guessing it will take me 15 before I actually do it.  I use Lush bar soap for this reason. Foam on the soap means I already used it. Good idea! That's how I know too! squeaky hair = clean hair My hair squeaks whenever it's wet even if it hasn't been shampooed. :-( Do a control when you first get into the shower to see if this works for you, as it won't work for everyone. I'll try it! the thing now is, making it an habit I want to get to this point. Right now I shampoo every other day and start on Monday to keep track. Yep, was going to say this but you beat me to it. Once or twice a week at most. Easier *and* better for your hair. Win-win! To avoid this I always do an extra quick rinse of hair, pits, butt, and man bits. Hate when that happens, and I don't like just getting it off with the towel no, I have to get into the shower again Occasionally i forget to shave one leg. This is my challenge with conditioner. Not great when I'm showering before work lol Same, when the water is on that warm sweet spot, what I usually do though is to shut off the hot water and just let cold water run all the way through my body, it's a good energizer for those early mornings The first week I was on meds the dose was too low and offered no benefit but it didn't stop me from having to go home and count the bottle every night to .ake sure I took it Routine saves me too! Shampoo, rinse hair, condition, face wash, body wash, rinse body, rinse face, rinse hair. I mess it up very rarely, but when I do it’s utterly confusing. I'm glad I'm not the only one! I keep a little travel deodorant in the center console of my car for exactly this reason.

Which reminds me that I used the last of it the other day and need to restock... ETA:  

[oh fnkk... (I can't believe that I just forgot it!)]  

I've already turned off the shower and when I put the towel on my head I realized I hadn't rinsed my hair... The routine definitely helps, but I seriously still used to forget. r/thanksimcured But I have this issue with meds sometimes Yea... It's not uncommon to condition while soap is still in my hair lol That's how I end up locking my keys in my car. Then I took to carrying a spare separated from my normal key ring, which of course, I forget often enough to have *still* managed to lock my keys in my car. this Wow, that would take me forever.  Yes! I do this too. I probably click that thing 3 or 4 times every time I leave the car.  I'd go nuts trying these methods. Pill organizer for meds and always proceeding to do stuff in the shower in the same order are how I manage. 

1. Shampoo
2. Conditioner (leave it in)
3. Body
4. Face
5. Rinse out conditioner.

I never deviate from this order. It helps if your shampoo is highly scented (I use Shea Moisture). That way you can easily just smell your hair and tell whether you've washed it. The conditioner stays on until I've done everything else, so I know my hair has been washed at the end if there's conditioner to wash out. My body soap smells like lavender and my facewash smells like apricots, so with everything else I can just smell test myself. DON’T JINX THE SYSTEM  I use co wash. Seems easier on my hair anyway and I leave it in until time to rinse a bit.  Get a pill box for the whole week. Only way to take the stress out. good if you dont forget the control If you can’t make it a habit - squeeze your hair between your fingers and then pull, if it squeaks then you’ve already shampooed. Tru. Always easier said than done  Then the water has to be especially hot.  I just get a washcloth and wipe it off. It’s been years but I can’t determine what I’m thinking about that makes me think I’m done?   Oh, yes! Conditioner, too.  What's great is when you realize after it's dried and too late to do it all again. So later your hair looks like a oil tanker wreck and the next day your skin dries out and flakes.  Is it normal to start hyperventilating when it suddenly goes cold? I feel like I can’t breathe when there’s 0 hot water. Here's a sneak peek of /r/thanksimcured using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/thanksimcured/top/?sort=top&t=all) of all time!

\#1: [On my way to an inpatient mental health hospital so I don’t kill myself. Cop pulls me over for going 76 in a 70 and tells me “Somebody always has it worse.”](https://np.reddit.com/r/thanksimcured/comments/89ia99/on_my_way_to_an_inpatient_mental_health_hospital/)  
\#2: [Aaand another one...](https://i.redd.it/v7fftlldkjm01.jpg) | [3 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/thanksimcured/comments/8gb0z5/aaand_another_one/)  
\#3: [Ignorance in a nutshell](https://i.redd.it/z1crm31divu01.jpg) | [5 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/thanksimcured/comments/8fscdq/ignorance_in_a_nutshell/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/7o7jnj/blacklist/) I’m just tryna give advice  I'm trying to get my husband to trade cars with me just because the doors can't lock if the key is inside.  Also I don't have to take the key out of my purse (ok fine, it's a fanny pack because I have securely fasten important things to myself) to unlock or start the car.  It's been life changing.  That. Oh god no.
It's

1.Shampoo

2.Face

3.Rinse Out shampoo and apply conditioner

4.Rinse out Conditioner

5. Rinse face

6.Finish with body


This gives your hair a good chance to dry while washing the body removes any sticky feelings from the conditioner that was rinsed prior.  Ha the problem is actually getting the pill box  If you remember to fill it in the first place, Ha! Dear god... just rinse your hair in the sink when you notice. Or if you're near the shower just put your head back under the tap. You don't have to thoroughly rinse, but just get enough that it's not visibly oily or skin-destroying.  Kinda yeah. When cold water suddenly hits your face you are initiating the mammalian diving response which slows your heart rate fairly quickly, but also the cold shock causes an automatic gasp for air if the water is below 15C. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diving_reflex

Edits:words, letters, autocorrect  Completely understand doing it that way. I have low porosity curly hair so my conditioner *has* to sit on my head for 5 minutes. I usually only rinse out about 85% of my conditioner for the same reason. I don't like how it feels either, but it's the only way it doesn't dry into a rat's nest, so yeah. *shrugs*

Also my hair takes 6-8 hours to dry, lol. So the 5 extra minutes in the shower wouldn't help much.

And face is last rinse to minimize the amount of conditioning oil that slides onto my face while the conditioner sets so I don't break out. :) I didn't think to include that detail! So really it's wash face, then rinse conditioner, then rinse face before immediately stepping out of the shower. Totally understandable :-) Yeah. Thanks. That’s really helpful.  
/s  I cant stand the feeling of conditioner on my back, so maybe that's why lol.
I see why you're trying to save time! 