Forgot the cats overnight in the bathroom... TLDR: I completely forgot about stuffing my cats in the bathroom so they don't run out into the garage while moving a big ass tv. In the morning they were not happy kitties. 

 So this morning my boyfriend calls me laughing his ass off at me. He says you left the cats in the bathroom last night overnight. I opened the door they looked at each other and then both darted out of the bathroom. Like peace out bitch I'm free! 

 So how did this happen? Well my boyfriend ordered a new TV and insisted we take the old one off the mount last night because the new  tv comes with a free set up. I didn't want to do this so I was a little grouchy about it. There's nothing wrong with our current tv so I don't see the point in replacing it. He's been carrying on about upgrading to a 4k tv for over a year now... First things first I lost the screws to the base for the old tv. I searched for them for about an hour. I know they are one of the many items I said I don't want to lose these and stuck them somewhere never to be seen again. I so should have just screwed them back into the tv after it was mounted... He ended up ordering more screws on e bay. We decided to put the old tv in the garage so before taking it down we decided to prop the garage door open but I didn't want the cats running in there so I stuck them both in the bathroom together while apologizing and shut the door. They hate each other so I doubt it was a fun bonding activity. When I got half the mount loosened he suggested I unplug the tv you know for "safety." I agreed but quickly forgot after making fun of him calling him "Safety Steve" and disconnecting something else I had missed. When the mount was fully disconnected we felt a tug and surprise now we are fighting to unplug a 50lb, 55in TV while holding it up in the air. Luckily it didn't go too bad.  We get the tv in the garage, I lean it against the wall so it can wait for the new screws before I can reattach the base to it and I put some heavy stuff behind it to prevent it from falling. I took the wedge out of the garage door letting it close and turned off the light. Then we sit on the couch for a while talking before I head off to bed totally forgetting about "my babies." Poor kitties. 
 I did this recently but I partly blame the cat lol we have a second bedroom we use as a smoking room and watch tv in there and my cat decided to lay under our computer desk and I totally forgot to check before going to bed. He wasn't happy with me the next morning. I keep doing this :( . We have one kitty that likes to ninja sneak into a room like flash quick. I've locked her in the laundry room twice and our bedroom too many times (aka lost count). Thankfully she hasn't made a mess yet because every time she has done it we've left for work and she's left chilling by herself. I should do a head count before I head out the door but at that point I'm trying to remember my list of what I need for work so I don't forget anything work related. Try tying a brightly colored but of fabric around the door every time you put your cat in the bathroom. It's not fool proof, but it will help. I also have a checklist on Google Keep I go through before I leave that helps me not forget any items, and also to not forget to put up the baby hate so the dog can't get upstairs, turn off the coffee pot, etc. I find it very helpful.  One of them has got trapped in the closet at few times because she will dodge in there. Later I hear her crying and have to find her but I blame her for that one not myself. This was all me. 

 My partner and I accidentally lock the cats in closets on a weekly basis. Just last night, I found one cat locked in our bedroom closet for who knows how long. It's to the point that I check every night that I've seen each cat before I get in bed...  