ADHD and the gym So I started working out and thanks to my adhd brain it always goes like this : 

* counting reps* 
1, 2, 3, 4, 5 
Hmm I like this song I wonder if the artist has any new songs. Wait how many have I done? What number is this now? 
* starts over since I lost count * 

Love that my brain can explain complex biological pathways but can't count to 10 without getting distracted.  Why is this way too accurate especially the can’t count to ten part This happens to me with the number of sets I'm on. I have to make little tally marks in my notebook to keep track. I use a clicker counter; it's physical and I can keep track This! What a classic. I usually just end up doing extra reps when this happens. Let's say that I'm doing a set of 10 reps and I can't tell whether I'm at 5, 6 or 7 - I just assume I'm at five. Also eventually you'll be able to kind of tell how many reps you're at by intuition. oh my god I was literally having this conversation w my friend earlier today. I spaced out while working out and i did 120 leg presses... (the machine counted) I started gym on Monday. Smashed out a legs day and let me tell you boys the legs are real fucking tender. I fucked up, should've went a little easier on the squats. Going to be a massive unit when they heal though. That’s why I never do more than five reps. The best part of this is definitely when doing a workout that only exercises one arm or one leg so you have to become a mathematical genious to estimate how many reps the other leg has to do. Just do it without music. I do this all the time at the gym, sometimes ill only be doing sets of 5 reps and somehow loose count  I just go to RPE 8 if I lose count. That's kind of where you should be aiming when training anyway, with any percentage of your 1RM Yeah but when that hyper focus kicks in and you have the best workout ever.  That's why I always do the morning classes at my gym and only do strength at the weekend after meds kick in. At jiu jitsu we often drill techniques one-for-one or two-for-two (taking it in turns to do one or two reps each). I frequently lose track of whether I've done one or two reps so far, or whose turn it is.

Counting out loud helps. Happens to me all the time, I’ll just pump out 6 more and call it quits  I always forget which locker I put my stuff in, after I finish my workout Soooo I used to struggle with this a lot, and sets I still have a tough time keeping track of (write them down, like @ithinkPOOP did), but for reps I started counting in ASL (all one-handed, easy to count) and it's automatic so even if my mind drifts off my fingers can keep moving. Helped a lot. also; I think there is a device where u can stick onto the barbell and it counts the reps you do Honestly so relieved that it's not just me who forgets what set I was on lol.  I don't make tally marks, I just think like "I can't remember how many I have left...how much time have I been working out already/do I feel tired of this exercise yet?" and use that to gauge whether to move to the next exercise or not.  How do you use it if your hands are busy holding weights? If you can do that many in one set you should probably up the weight a bit. Nah the gym is soooo boring without music. Also listening to metal and rap pumps me the fuck up I have but I still lose count.  how about counting under your breath? It was my first leg workout in forever so i didnt want to jump too high but i was still at like 80lbs  Then do more but shorter sets. 