Did ADHD make you lose money? Hi, did ADHD make you lose money?  My husband has ADHD but doesn't take medication. On several occasions he went shopping in the same day, to buy groceries. He had forgotten that he already went. He didn't buy exactly the same but kind of.

On other occasions he had paid twice or 3 times the same bill. He found an invoice in the house where he had written ' to be paid tomorrow'. He found it back 2 weeks after he had paid it. He tought this I have to pay tomorrow. 

Lost credit cards, forgotten pincodes, lost keys to be replaced.
One time he was so rushing to close the door of the car, with the  car keys still inside the car.

So did your ADHD cost you money? I'm impulsive, and forgetful. So yes, it absolutely costs me money.
I impulse shopping so my credit card is never paid off, and forget what I already have so I often end up with 3 or 4 of the same things...

Using Google Keep to make lists and check off things helps a lot. Google calendar is a great resource for keeping track of bills. 
My trick for bills is to spend two hours every other Friday to pay them. It is the only time I pay them, and I have a chart in my desk that I put a check mark next to for each one I pay that day.

If this is a really serious issue that he can't fix on his own, you should take on the bill paying your self. It will release him from the sense of failure, and it will give you peace of mind about the money situation being under control.  Yup. Tho not as much now that I take medication.  The cost of meds and couples therapy pay for themselves in the savings from what we call the “ADHD taxes.”  Examples: Late fees, bounced checks, late check out charges, car accidents, broken phones, lost wallets....  

Your man needs to be on meds. Ya’ll should do this with couples therapy. Make it happen. Withhold your goods.   

As an added perk, the sex and emotional connectedness gets way better on meds. 
Make it happen. Oh yes, many locksmiths called,  calling taxis to take me home to get the spare keys.... replaced credit cards, social security cards, birth certificates, drivers license.  Luckily i never have paid the same bill multipul times, im lucky enough to rememeber to pay them.  Cant tell you how many over drafts i've had to pay.  Traffic tickets that turn into warrents because i forgot to pay.  Luckily i have gotten better =P The last year before I started taking medication for ADHD, I realized my budget had been getting pretty shaky, and I wasn’t sure why (I suspected over-spending on books and art supplies), so I printed my entire bank statement for the past 12 months, and color-coded every debit by category (yeahhhh, hyperfocus!)

Books and art supplies were nothing; maybe one moderate-scale purchase in a month; maybe none.

What was killing me was, number one? eating out—so many fast-food trips, it looked like I was never eating at home. I couldn’t remember to pack a lunch; couldn’t get up early enough to do it; couldn’t find time to cook. And when I did, I would literally forget what ingredients we did and didn’t have—so would get halfway into a meal, and realize we were missing a key ingredient; or burn time on an elaborate work-around, for an ingredient we had more than enough of.  Forget I was cooking, remember when the smoke detector went off.

And number two? *Grocery shopping trips*. Same deal—I couldn’t remember what we had and didn’t; I couldn’t track a meal plan well enough to make a usable list, in a reasonable amount of time; and if I had the energy and focus to cook, I sure wanted to try, because I did realize I was eating out a little more than I meant to. But that usually just meant I had an exciting idea for a specific meal, spent an hour wandering the grocery store, got home too tired to cook; rinse; repeat.

I was averaging *more than seven grocery shopping trips per week*, without counting trips to the gas station for a portable breakfast, or trips to Target, which were about 50% groceries, 50% other things. More than one grocery trip per day—and it’s just me and my partner, who also has ADHD, hence our bafflement, here—and I *still* never ate at home. I won’t tell you the dollar figure, but I will tell you that I was horrified, and that we bought a farm-share that spring, because it was both considerably cheaper, and that I had no excuse to enter a grocery store. My rule for myself is still that I won’t enter a store of any kind, outside the hours my stimulant is most effective.

So, yes, I would say I have lost some money, because of ADHD... 

ETA: oh, yeah, locksmiths. Locksmiths up to HERE, and speeding tickets—I got so many speeding tickets around the holidays, that same year, I almost lost my license. And then forgot three of them until they should have been warranted—happily, our municipal police tend to run REALLY SLOW on getting their stuff into the system. Late fees. Overdrafts. Spending the rent money before I remembered RENT was a thing that existed. All of that resolved pretty fast for me, on meds, whereas spending took a little more care and intention, so it wasn’t at the forefront of my mind—but I saw another comment and was like, OH RIGHT THAT USED TO HAPPEN. 

It won’t help with everything on that list, obviously, but car maintenance is still my arch-nemesis, and when I went looking at AAA memberships, to make us both a little stressed, I found that the higher-tier one? Gets you free locksmith services for your car AND house. Plus 500 miles of towing per year and empty-gas-tank rescue. 

Definitely encourage your husband to find ways to handle this stuff more sustainably (it’s safe to assume he’d much prefer that, too), but as both the ADHD partner, and the person who’s with the ADHD partner—simultaneously, woohoo!—I have found that child-proofing our lives in as many directions as possible is also really important for both of us. If I can give AAA $100 a year, to save our ass when he’s staring at his smartphone and locks the keys in the car, or I run it out of gas in a different state? It makes it way easier for us to not end up simmering in constant, moderate-grade anxiety and resentment.

For related reasons, we keep all of our work-related bills and billing separate, despite sharing a clinical practice; we will never have a shared bank account for anything other than our (paid-online, auto-debited) household bills; and we take on entire chores, exclusively. I cook lunches while he does the laundry, because if we share it? We will both wait, anxiously and miserably, forever, for the other person to do it. And then half-ass the chore we hate more and are worse at, because that’s the one that makes us each feel most guilty.

Sometimes being responsible just means knowing what you’re not good at, and doing everything you can to keep it from injuring anybody.
 Oh dear yes!
I lost my wallet three times in the past 12 months. Had to order new debit cards twice behause I forgot the pin and the other time I thought I lost it but it was just in another wallet I used for going out. Had to pay a fee because I sent a photo for my public transportation pass too late. I'm a impulse buyer which led me to buy a ukulele and a bedsidetable each worth 100€ (I can't play and I already had a perfectly good table).
Not to mention when I forgot to enroll for an exam at university. They were really nice about it and I only had to write a letter to the dean but if that would not have worked, well it would have cost me around 30'000€ to study a year longer. 
So yes it happens to me too. :) I am a very fastidious organizer and end up writing everything down both digitally and on paper and in multiple places so I have  kind of minimized that but I do waste a lot of time and sometimes I forget to keep track  or whatever so it's not perfect. One big thing I'm facing lately is i forgot some passwords so I changed them when I was on a computer that didn't have everything saved but I didn't keep track so I don't know what the passwords are or which ones are changed...  


So, short version\-\-yes.   


I'm lucky in that my partner has an idedic\(sp?\) memory and I've gotten into the habit of just checking everything through my bank and e\-mail statements and stuff but there's no guarantees. I think the best bet would be to keep track of stuff together and try to create some sort of accountability for the impulsiveness \(e.g. I'm not really allowed to go to  stores like Micheals or Staples alone because I need someone there to walk me through whether I really need or even deeply wan't something or I'm just grabbing\). I've totally left cash in the ATM before. Only once. I think. ADHD taxes.. i like that name for it lol Oh, man. That stuff dropped off fast for me on meds, but you’re not wrong! Let me just go post a quick edit... OH! and I give my share of the groceries for the months and stuff like that when I get paid \(I only get paid once a month\) to my partner so that I don't have any "extra money" that isn't extra and that I'm actually not supposed to spend. 