TIL Carrying a wallet means you will now lose all your important things at once not just slowly over a period of months People have always been talking up wallets. You lose your debit card? Lose your ID? You need a wallet. 
Yeah, well I tried this whole "wallet" thing, and now I am out an ID, a debit card, and a credit card.

And the best part is I fly home in 6 hours.

The only ray of sunshine in this whole ordeal, thanks to being ADHD, I forgot to put one credit card back in my wallet. 

TSA please show mercy on me.  it's funny because it's true I got a wallet for Christmas that is worth more then I make in a week and no I don't carry it around  Look for the wallet! In my experience, TSA is not going to show mercy on you if you don't have an id :/  Interestingly I’ve never lost my phone or a wallet. I got this habit to check my front and rear pocket every time I move from a room or to a place. I’ve lost pretty much every other thing over time but never these two I keep 1 of my credit cards stored safely outside my wallet for this reason.

Also have them all registered in Google Pay so I don't have to take my wallet out as often (Apple Pay should work the same). In addition to not risking a wallet loss, it helps prevent card losses too (don't have to retrieve a card from the employee, don't have to put said card back in wallet). In general you'll realize you've lost your phone a lot more quickly than a wallet, but since you never let go of your phone in the process that's really not likely to happen in the first place.

Also it won't help you with your current wallet, but something like a trackr might be helpful. I have one on my keys and work badge and they save me a lot of time when I misplace them around the house. Misplace your badge, beep it with your phone. Lose your phone, beep it with the trackr. Plus there's some community tracking feature where other nearby users can help locate your items passively, though I've never used it. Best thing I’ve ever done is get a phone case that carries my debit card and wallet. I only have to remember one thing! A good practice is to photocopy every item in your wallet including all credit cards front and back and put them in a file. Would be helpful to leave copies with a trusted loved one who could fax you documents in case of an emergency like that or just make the process of replacement easier Every thing has its place and I still loose my wallet bc it was dark in the kitchen and the table is black like my wallet. Explain to boss as I’m 20 late.FML My car has a push start ignition so I don’t need my key in hand. I’m also required to have an ID to get to home/work. Add in a few debit/credit cards. This is an issue because i can’t keep track of anything. But so far so good with my method. I got a small card wallet that had a keychain attachment, and clipped it to my keys. My car won’t start without my key at least being inside the vehicle and as long as I know I have my key then I also have my IDs/debit cards etc. Ha, jokes on you! Anything I take out of my wallet doesn't go back in! Made it through security! They used my meds, credit card, and business card as my identity.  If you can show any other proof of who you are and give them a good sob story they may let you through. I've gotten through before with a photo work badge and a business card (maybe something else I can't remember, but I definitely didn't have official ID). Even a credit card is a start. This is what I've found as well, over years I've developed the habit of checking for my wallet and phone. I also check that I have all my credit cards IN my wallet before leaving a restaurant, since that's really the only time they aren't handed right back to you.

Not saying I never forget them now, but it is at least a rare occurrence. Learned to do this in college. Now I also count the number of things that go in with my wallet.  Same. I pat my pockets as I walk out the door as a matter of muscle memory. It has saved me from leaving the house without my wallet and phone many a time. 

The trouble came recently as I've started carrying a paper planner in my back pocket, which I don't have a habit of checking. Consequently, I forget the planner about 3 days a week. People tell me to do this so often and I don't know why. I forget my phone far more often than my wallet and often I don't want to take my phone. Plus, phone is out in my hand far more often than my wallet, thus easier to steal.

I'm keeping it separate! Yep!  It works!

Can't wait til I can use my phone to start my car! That's awesome! 