How many eyeglasses have you lost ? Hello, my fellow ADHDers.

To my eyeglasses users, have many glasses have you lost?

 Actually, none. My glasses are one of the few things I take very good care of, since I'm utterly reliant on them. Oh boy, lots over my 38 year of life is my answer to that only a cuppel of days ago I broke one pair of glasses due to me sitting on them. Lucky for me I always by 2 pairs at the time.  Fuck me I wish I knew. I’ve just given up on wearing them unless I’m driving. I can see okay without them. I forgot they were on my face once at the beach and lost them in the ocean.  It was a rough vacation. I get a new pair almost every year (since I was 9) since my vision keeps changing, and currently know where two of these are. I'm 21 now, so that's uhhh....10 pairs? But over a span of 12 years! I've worn contact since 13 though, so it's not as much of a problem. 
Don't even get me started on non-prescription sunglasses tho..... I think I've lost three pairs, could have been worse if I just remembered to wear them! 

When I was ten, they once happened to end up under the tire of my father's car.  TNTC completely off topic but you reminded me of this

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wSw3IWRJa0 Surprisingly, I haven't lost any! I still have old pairs that are 10+ years old. I think it's mainly due to my blind-ass realllllyyyyy not wanting to spend more money on glasses, so I make sure that they're always in a safe spot (my face, mostly). I used to lose my car keys on a daily basis, though. Who am I kidding? I still lose them. I think they're lost right now. I should look for them. One while cycling home drunk and falling over

One that I forgot I had on my face as I dove in for a swim

One that somebody sat on because I forgot to move them off the couch

One in a Finnish lake, when I dove in for a swim

Another one disappeared and I have no idea what happened to it If by eyeglasses you mean wallets. then 4 times, 2 times with more than $100 in them ...T\_T I've lost my current pair more times than I can count, including in large groups of moshing people (on two separate occasions).  Somehow the frames are completely intact and the lenses only have minor scratches. This. So much this. Last year, I drained what was left of my HSA and bought 10 cheap pairs of glasses on EyeBuyDirect. (To be fair, this was me being both indecisive and impulsive—not thinking ahead).

But! After predictably losing a few, I now have a pair of glasses in basically every room of my house... now I always have one when I need one! Just like my collection of coffee mug/water glass litter, but actually useful! I don't know why but I just....fucking break glasses. Got a $12 pair from Zenni because I broke multiple pairs of $300 glasses from the fancy places. Usually because I put them on the floor (????) And step on them. I was desperate to use my "nice" pair even after being broken and one day at work while talking to a guest they just....slid off my face onto the floor haha I literally own 4 pairs currently because I always misplace them. Damn, ADHD is expensive.  Reading this post actually reminded me that I wasn't able to find my glasses this morning and I currently don't know where they are... Hahaha at least 8 pairs! I lost them once (forgot where I placed them many times but didn’t lose) and I absolutely cannot see without them. Shamefully I actually drove the the eye care center that time because I had no other choice. Scary times. Same...I don't lose them because I can't see without them at all. I'm *severely* nearsighted (anything past 2 feet blurs), so I only take them off for bed usually. Broke 2 pairs, by sitting on them. Had to switch to contacts. Went on a 4 week canoeing camp during highschool. First day we were practicing what happens if a canoe flips, and I forgot I was wearing my glasses. Spent the rest of the month half blind as the rest of the group saw stars and animals -.- I've lost 10+ glasses in total. I wish had just forgotten to wear them but my vision was so bad when I was a kid.

Worst case happened was when I was 12. A week after my mom bought me $300 ray bans I begged for, I lost my glasses to the *ocean*. Yep the ocean. I went to the beach and forgot to take off my glasses, and as expected when a wave knocked me over, my glasses were gone. > blind ass-realllllyyyyy

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37) ADHD = -$ Damn, it right is. > Shamefully I actually drove the the eye care center that time because I had no other choice. Scary times.

Had to laugh. Yeah been thinking of getting contacts, but I have a fear of touching my eye. Can't stand to watch my gf put them in. 
But some day I will overcome my fear (probably it involves loads of screeming)  Yeah, at first it's like hell but then you get the hang of it. I started with daily contacts (you trash them after a day of wear but can wear them to sleep). Now I wear monthlys (you trash them after a month of wear and you can wear them to sleep) which are lifesavers.  