Neurotic thought patterns as a coping mechanism Anyone else have experience with this? It started when I was a kid and I'd often forget my keys when going to school. Sometimes I also forgot the keys to my bike so I'd end up walking back, taking the keys, walking back to my bike and finally pedaling home. Most of the time it was the house keys. No problem, we had a spare key. Oh shit, I used the spare key yesterday, and it's probably still inside. Luckily the house I grew up in had a bathroom window you could open from the outside and a 10 year old kid like me could quite easily squeeze through. I entered the house at least 20 times through that window.

Eventually my forgetfulness began to bother me, I mean seriously bother me. Soon I developed a habit of fidgeting in my pockets, constantly checking if my belongings were still there. I'd pat on them every 10 or so minutes just to be sure. If I accidentally moved an object from my trouser pockets to say, my jacket pockets, I'd instantaneously feel horrifying anxiety until I'd remember the object in question is still with me.

I'm pretty sure that's how it got started. Now that I analyze my behavior I can clearly see some very neurotic thought patterns that emerged from this. I don't like them at all. I have a friend with OCD and some of my mannerisms eerily resemble OCD.

I'd want to get rid of these models of behavior but I seriously have no clue how. Also I fear it would lead to me increasingly losing my stuff and forgetting things.

Do you have experience with this sort of "pseudo-OCD" resulting from a coping mechanism to counteract your poor short-term memory? Even better if you have experience on how to solve the problem at the core.

EDIT: Even though I view it as a rather bizarre mnemonic mechanism, I'm proud of the fact that I've had a car for 5 years now and not ONCE lost my car keys. Now you've done it!  You will surely lose those keys now!  ;)

I have been known to walk back into a room twice... TWICE!.. to make sure that the light is off.  Not that I'm OCD, but because I actually can't remember.  Even just two minutes after I checked!  So yeah.   Yep, definitely been there.  The good news is that once you get into the patterns and routines that work for you, your brain will ease up on the neuroticism.  

For example, I got a Tile for Christmas (https://www.thetileapp.com/en-us/) two years ago and it has helped SO much with remembering and finding my keys.  I can't recommend it enough.  I keep all of my keys--work, mail, apartment--on one keyring, and its a big keyring, but that's what works for me.  

I'm in the habit of quickly checking the stove, oven, etc. before leaving the apt (I live in an apt where the stove knobs can turn on by bumping into them even when I'm not using the stove, which is a lesson I learned the hard way!).  Since it's a habit, it doesn't really take up a ton of mental energy anymore.  

Just give yourself and your brain some time to get into habits, and you'll find that the neuroticism can decrease without making you swing back in the other direction.  It's possible to strike a balance.  Just give it some time :) Yes! I do all these things too. Living with my SO had been difficult because he'll move things while cleaning, and I'll panic when I realize it's in a new spot. I used to lose keys all the time, forget to lock doors, forget to start the dryer, etc.. Now I'm sure I sound unhinged - talking to myself 'dryer is started', checking my car door to make sure it's locked as I walk away, doing checks through my purse to make sure everything's there.  Join us over at /r/adhd_anxiety, there are a couple of really good pinned posts in the sidebar that you should take a look at!

And yeah, I do this. When I'm around anyone who isn't family or really close friend, I am super quiet because I know there's no brain/mouth filter happening. I keep a change of clothes and shower kit as well as a bunch of other stuff most people don't need in my car because that is how fucked up I get my schedule. If my car is parked far away, it makes me nervous to the point that I can't enjoy things. I check for my phone, wallet, and keys all the damn time. And I constantly go over my schedule in my head (and any piece of paper available) to make sure that I'm actually doing what I'm supposed to be doing... Hm, kinda like the schedule I also rehearse conversations and voicemails over and over.

All the neurotic behaviors weren't as effective as they should have been, given the effort I put into them. Meds made them more effective, to the point where I don't feel like I need to repeat them as often. Example: writing events on a calendar actually helps me remember them, so I check my calendar once in the morning, set phone alarms as appropriate, and don't feel like I need to rehash it a billion times throughout the day. I relate all too well, I was a pretty intuitive child, despite my forgetfulness and being consistently accident-prone, I loved learning new things. I found out about OCD when I was around 10-11 and was convinced I had it. I never spoke to anyone about it, and the interwebs wasn’t what it is now so I couldn’t really look into the symptoms but seeing that it caused people to compulsively repeat actions. I equated that to the fact that I would go back to my room to check my light, wash my hands repeatedly because I couldn’t remember if I used soap, go back to grab a toy that I already had. 

Obviously as a little girl I was wrong about OCD, but no one took the time to explain these things that were going on in my brain, and I never knew to ask about them myself. A big problem with children (at least what I’ve seen and experienced) is that they don’t realize that you don’t know what’s going on in their head. You need to spend time with them and ask, something my parents never bothered with 

Sorry this turned into a bit of a rant, It just kinda poured out When out I pat my pockets all the time to make sure my wallet and phone aren't missing.

The amount of knives, wallets, keys, phones and other small items I've lost/left... I do this all the time, don't feel bad. Sometime around age 20 (I'm 24 now) after locking my car keys in my car for the 2563465th time and having to wait for AAA while my parents yelled at me over the phone for being so careless, I developed the same OCD behavior about my car keys. I will have just turned the car off and dropped my keys directly into my purse, and I will LITERALLY stick my hand right back in there and fish around for then to make sure they're in there before opening the car door, getting out, and shutting it. I moved from the suburbs to NYC almost two years so I only drive when I borrow my sisters'/parent's cars when I'm home for the holidays and I STILL do it even though I only drive a handful of times a year. On the plus side, it's been years since I've locked my keys in the car!  I do the same thing as well for my keys, wallet etc, I also walk into the room a few times to check that the lights off and nothing is charging etc. I don't really have a solution for it, sorry.

My opinion is: 

I think it'll take time, you have to slowly start checking less, for example only 3 times a day (morning, noon and afternoon) etc, and thinking I checked a while ago and they were there. You can also check when you change place (from one room to another), then slowly less and less.

I have not solved this problem for myself but I did not try, but I guess with habits it can take some work and time, I had a terrible habit of constantly multitasking and after searching online and trying a few things it finally worked, so I guess the thing is that it's not very easy and it takes time.

I could be off, but I hope this helps a bit.
 absolutely.  there are times when only persistent rehearsal , though, allows me to keep up with and remember something.  the worst is when it doesn't work.  when I keep reminding myself over and over for sometimes more than one day, but when the key moment arrives ... it's gone.  for example, the birthday forgotten.  modern computers are a godsend in that regard, though.  with keys, what helps me is to make an ironclad habit and eventually I just trust that they are in their special pocket, cause that's where they always are.  then the neuroticism goes away.  There is a strong connection between ADHD and OCD There's a Radiohead song called 'Everything In Its Right Place'. It's my mantra. I have to line things up exactly, put things in the same pocket, and put things away, right away, into their right place, or I will instantaneously forget where they are and flip out. I was a horrible, disorganized mess as a child and I think that's why I'm hyper-organizrd now. I feel you 100%. Yes,  I believe OCD is a subset of anxiety and maybe ADHD. I've had it since I was a kid - constantly losing lunch money after placing it in a separate compartment in my bookbag, but forgetting that I placed the monies there it forgetting to grab it before lunch hour. Misplacing things really had plagued me my entire life; and now I'm trying to be proactive about my condition realizing that I'm easily distracted which leaves me vulnerable to losing valuable possessions. I too worry about losing belongings when transferring them to other compartments; why I'm in the building, preparing to disembark, I make sure to check my sitting area to ensure I haven't left anything behind. It's a real struggle coming to terms that my attention is diverted from my existential circumstances, but I've found exercise and eating a decent diet helps with being mindful. I can relate so much with the keys in trouser thingie, i also need to do this every few minutes when iam outside.

Also i usually get up a few more times when i lay down to sleep just to check the windows, my medicine and if i had turned off the stove or closed the fridge, sometimes i even have to get up twice because i get into the kitchen, grab me a water and lay down in bed only to remember that i wanted to check the stove because i had something else in my thoughts or simply because i forgot. i'm still in that mode so hard.  I check for phone, wallet, keys constantly.  My boyfriend will not help me look for things unless he can tell I need help.  At first he usually assumes I'm having an instant panic without having really looked yet, and he's right.  I am panicking but I feel like I have to.  If I lose something I can't stop thinking about it even if it's not the right time to think about it.  I would say this is more so a good kind of ocd than bad because it stood you from forgetting things.  yes. I do that. I even make sure my purses have    rings in the straps so I can clip my keys on the outside, so as to easily keep constant watch over them, and I am obsessive about where my phone is. Having Bluetooth in my car that automatically connects to my phone has helped this a lot!

It's when I have to double and triple check whether the oven is off and the front door locked that I realize I am over stressed. Otherwise, I don't worry about those tendencies.  Do this all the time. Patting my pockets for my 4 essentials: keys, wallet, phone, pocket knife Oh man this is classic me. I got so tired of climbing in though the window wearing my heels and nice work clothes! So I stared a new habit. I won't close the door behind me until I know the keys are in my hand. Even if I know I grabbed them I still open the door, walk out, pause, ok where are the keys, ok now close the door. I've been doing it a year or so now and have formed the habit. I'm sure I look rediculous but I haven't left my keys inside the house since! I find that I often get lost in my own thoughts and halfway up the street, have to go back to check that I've shut the front door.

When shutting the front door (having pocketed or safely bagged the keys with you) make a mental note that feels like you're both saying and writing down "I have locked the door.". Then, when you think about it two minutes later, the feeling of surety will barrel into you and sweep the anxiety away. Only you will remain. I totally do that too! Somehow hearing it helps me remember it. I actually used his to study for one of my hardest classes out loud before I had medication! Saying it out loud demanded my mind to focus on only what I was doing-- if I stated getting off track I would hear it in my speech and re-group. 

I wouldn't beat yourself up about it too much though, with our ADHD brains we have to find other ways around things that are more natural for neurotypical brains and they might be a little odd to others but that's okay :) I tend to have much better success with only making one trip out of my apartment in the morning when I verbally run through the list of things I'm supposed to have on me when I leave. 