I regularly play "where did I put ___" with myself at work and at home. Auto pilot is public enemy #1  I make auto pilot work for me by putting my things in a place that makes sense to me and then making sure it gets left there every time. 
This works around 80% of the time for things I use every day. I haven’t lost my keys in ages!

Sadly my wife “tidies” which can lead to forgotten keys / lunches and missing things I don’t even know are lost until months later when they turn up after some cleaning... Just yesterday I forgot half of my grooming supplies and my charger when I visited home for memorial day. That's without going into the 'where did I put my keys today' shtick that happens way too often. 

Speaking of... yep, forgot 'em in the living room. I lost my bag 2 days ago somewhere in the house.
I've looked everywhere and still cant find it.


But I have my cell and my keys, so those are the most important things. I get where you are at, and I on occasion still have this issue. I seem to have managed to make auto pilot my almost friend.

I've managed to compensate for this by having set routines for "item placement" and "clustering". The old saying "a place for everything, and everything in it's place" comes to mind. But my main weapon, is all of my clocks are set 10 minutes ahead. This allows for "oh shit" time.

I've also learned to laugh at myself for this effect of ADHD. 

I have to or I get abusive of myself, and I don't deserve that. Auto pilot is also survival mechanism #1.  I'd never take my medication without it. So I'm a big dork who isn't ashamed to carry a back-pack everywhere.  Before I leave the house I load it up with everything I'm not going to forget today (I just leave all of the stuff I forgot at home), and if I'm out everything goes back in the back-pack, and then most likely makes it home with me.  For keys and stuff I recommend getting one of those keyring things which you can make beep. I have one on my keys, in my wallet and in my Switch case. Absolute lifesaver. I never *lose* things, but I will often misplace them in the house and would spend hours looking. Gods save us from "helpful SO's". 

Your remark has allowed me to recall some of the funnier moments of my parents interactions related to what I now see as my fathers ADHD.
 Same! Luckily, my wife was the one who suggested to put things like keys in certain places so I don't lose them! Now I always (normally) put my keys in the same place when I get home, shoes in the same place, wallet, etc. It's easier to not lose stuff then. I have to put things I know I need to remember in places I know I'll be as well or I'll forget, so medicine goes right by keys so I don't forget to take it in the morning! I added in one of those keychain things that will beep if I press a button on a base I keep in my bedroom. So far it’s helped me when I forget to put the keys in the regular place.

Seems like they’re  always misplaced when I’m in a rush to get someplace and can’t afford the time to lose them. Ugh.  I'm unmedicated unfortunately  I do that and still end up forgetting that one thing. I used to even carry a DVD around and it came in handy once 😂 I have one for my work keys i need one for my house keys  