Last month I started my dream job at a boutique consulting firm. Today, I had what I interpreted as a "last warning" meeting with the VP/CEO because of little things i forgot to do because I wasn't paying enough attention. **TL;DR:** I know I should be doing better and I know a job like the one I'm doing requires a lot of rigor and zero-error processes, but I'm on the verge of just having a massive panic attack tonight. My ADD is about to ruin what could be one of the biggest breakthroughs I've had in my life so far and I don't know what to do. I feel like just crying myself to sleep...

The gist of things is that my responsibilities at work consist mostly of getting deliverables out to clients every morning for a few hours (grinding through existing models, updating data feeds, etc) and then generating reports/data files for clients. Then I just have to manually send them out to people along with the correct email bodies and appropriate subject lines. I've had a couple instances so far where I've forgotten to put the year at the end of a mm/dd/yyyy date format, or without a subject line, and have gotten talked to about each of them, but last week I had to cover for part of someone elrses deliverables (out on vacation this week) and it happened again but this time I sent one out and forgot to BCC the clients (only 2 different ones, but the point obviously is that we shouldn't be revealing clients to other clients), and the meeting today was really serious. VP seems willing to give me a chance, but I get the feeling that I'm on extremely thin ice and the next one will get me fired.

Does anyone have any advice on working in an ultra high rigor/perfectionist environment like this? I have a lot of techniques that I've used to be better over the years, but now I have essentially no room for even little mistakes. I know that it's part of the job that I'm doing and if I want to make it in the field/industry that I do, then I need to eliminate every error, but that's not really any consolation and I am just worried that knowing I'm under the knife from here on out will make me psych myself out on omething down the road and I'll make another small mistake and then end up getting the boot. 

 Make a checklist for everytime you send out an email. Include attach attachments, what the subject should be, what the to line sound be, the cc line, the bcc line, what you have to say in the email, how your signature is supposed to be etc. Then legit make yourself go through it everytime you sent an email.

Btw businesses have to be harsh about stuff like that (like things with client privacy) but they probably really don't want to fire you over that. If you can show them your improving, they'll probably forget about it quickly. I worked in a very similar environment before I was diagnosed or medicated. Despite the fact that I was trying my hardest and constantly screwing up, I stuck it out for about 10 months. I had some big feelings about not being “a quitter”, and all my friends and family were telling me I was so smart and I could totally do it. At that point I was on double probation and finally resigned with my confidence in shreds. 

That was 7-8 years ago. Since then I have been much more careful about where I work. 

There are certain types of jobs that I’m not suited to, just like everyone else. But with adhd, it’s even more important to stay aware of that. It has nothing to do with intelligence. Factoring this into your choices will save you a lot of stress and misery.

That said, my experience may not be applicable to your situation. Relax a bit, realize that you’re human and we make mistakes sometimes. I would recollect what you did wrong in the past and if you see a pattern write down something you messed up on multiple times and put it on a post it note like on or next to your computer screen. I would reccomend maybe talking with either the VP or CEO about improvements you can make over the current work you’re doing right now. Try and show them you are seriously invested in this company and realize that they are human aswell. For them to expect complete perfection when no mistakes were made is impossible. Take these mistakes as a learning experience, they teach you what you’ve done wrong and show them you’ve materialized their message. You got the job for a reason, you’re an incredibly intelligent and able individual, so don’t let a mistake and a conversation affect the job so negatively for you. You can do it! My bf is a radiologist. There is no room for error. His practice is high paced and all of the patients he reads on are horribly sick with complex diseases. He has ADHD and does not take meds. He has to be in a reading room by himself. No cell phone at all. He has to stand all day.  It helps channel his extra energy by being able to move. They bought him a desk as it’s a modification they have to make for a disability. In a way he has a check list for every exam he reads because he uses templates. 

Maybe come in a bit earlier so you can get a head start, can take your time and have less distractions. Also before you hit send, stop, take a huge breath and slowly go through your checklist. 

Also, is there any part of this that you can automate? I work in healthcare and everything is about throughput. I have automated so much in my area because I just couldn’t stand wasting time. You can reach out to them as well and tell them what’s going on and want to be successful so maybe they can invest in you for lean/six sigma training, which works wonders for those with ADHD since processes are viewed differently than neurotypical people. They may be receptive to this as it benefits you and the company.  Had a similar experience also working my dream job in a research lab - what I would definitely define as an "ultra high rigor/perfectionist environment". Taking rigorous classes simultaneously adds a lot of extra tasks and deadlines to those I receive from work as well. After some close calls I made the decision to overhaul my task management & organization. I have found it super helpful to keep a written documentation of tasks and deadlines. I find that keeping them floating around in my head is what causes me to forget them in the first place. It also seems to ground me a little, and free up a bit of working memory to focus on what's at hand. 

My system (might not be the best for everyone but works for me): 

Main objective for me is to keep it as least time consuming as possible, and never to forget the moniker "Keep it Simple Stupid" or KISS. 

I have found it very helpful to keep a calendar with dates & deadlines, as well as a sheet of paper on me at ALL times with a column for my day's schedule, and a column of "things to remember". It only takes about 5 mins in the morning to jot down my schedule, and some tasks for the day, or coming up in the near future that I am not to forget. Any longer than 5 mins, I feel as if I would be negligent about keeping up with it, so I have found it very helpful to keep it simple and time effective (while still paying attn to specifics). As new tasks are given to me, or new dates/deadlines are given to me, I take the extra time to jot them down in "things to remember". The next morning, during my 5-10 min "planning window". I transfer all the "things to remember" from the previous day into the calendar if applicable, and do my day's schedule. 

The calendar almost acts as an immobile "hard drive" per say, while my schedule acts like a "USB drive" - something portable and easy to update. The act of transferring the tasks to the calendar/planner would be analogous to quickly backing up data from a USB drive onto a Hard Drive daily. The hard drive contains everything I am aware of, and the USB is a 24 hour ordeal that is reset each morning with a new sheet for that day.

Hope that made sense and the analogy fits. Best of luck exploring some organizational and task management options!! :)  

P.S. 
This method was sourced from a book I am reading that is unrelated to ADHD but contains a lot of super helpful systems that I found to work with my symptoms quite well. If anyone's interested: "How To Become a Straight-A Student" - by Cal Newport.
 Are you able to use technology to automate any of these small details? Perhaps you could even find/hire someone to set these systems up for you. (Fyi, I'm not an expert and don't even know if my suggestions are possible!)

For example: enable a setting within your email software to alert you before sending a message if no subject line was entered (I believe Gmail and Outlook do this); create an automated file naming convention with the full date format; change your default e-mail address entry field to "BCC" instead of "To"

It might also be beneficial to speak with colleagues before another incident occurrs and see if they have any particular tricks that help them reduce errors. >Does anyone have any advice on working in an ultra high rigor/perfectionist environment like this?

yeah, don't be in an environment like that. i was in a situation like yours. it didn't end well.

wish i had more uplifting advice.  I'm so sorry you're facing this and I sympathise with you. I had to have a "chat" with my boss today who's "starting to be concerned". It feels really unfair, especially when you're trying your best!!

I have no advice, just wanted to offer some condolences and support I work for a bank, in a call center environment. Have for years. Also worked as a field and lab technician for an engineering firm, and a back office/operations/sales support role.

What has helped me most: 
Checklists for each individual function to ensure accuracy. 
Creating rules/forms/templates for email management and to support the type of email to be sent. 
Keeping a back up in Notes, along with my own job aides.
Setting tasks/appointments. 
Printing a hard copy each day to check off and hold myself accountable as those alerts are easy to click away. 
Automating the parts of my job that I was able to. 
Post it notes with the items that trip me up so they don't trip me up.
A clean, minimalist desk. I have a pic of my kids, a paper flower, a small japanese shrine, and a John Wooten pyramid poster. 

Someone else mentioned KISS. This, too. Sound to me like you need an assistant who tests high on task oriented crapola.  I have surrounded myself with those magicians of monotony.  I work as a mechanic, and I constantly run into issues.

My job consists of servicing and fixing cars. A lot of things surrounding this trade are detail oriented, for example if we forget a sump plug on a car all the engine oil would leak out and cause thousands of dollars of damage to the engine, and other similar 'single point of failure with big consequence' issues.

I'm good at what I do, and I'm getting quicker (I'm an apprentice so of course I was very slow to start with) but I'll forget, on average, about 3 things a day. Most other things I've forgotten I'll catch at the last second, and fortunately most of the things I forget are plastic trims and engine covers (not critical to the working of the vehicle but the customer may be unhappy) but occasionally I'll miss an item on the job report such as adjusting a handbrake or similar.

I've found my best fallback is having the list of work to do highlighted and i tick the things off as I do them. I could fly blind and do the work without the report but I guarantee I would miss something and knowing my luck it would be something important.

I regularly get shouted at by the boss and/or manager for forgetting these things, and I would absolutely beat myself up over it and I still do to some degree. But what helped me is realising that the boss and manager's way of speaking was not necessarily how they meant to come across. Once we learned how each other said things we had less communication issues, but we still regularly have misunderstandings. I was afraid of being fired so often over little issues and I still get scared sometimes after a big lecture over something (usually something I missed).

Your situation may be a little different to mine, but I think something that helped me is trying to explain to the boss or person in charge that you really are trying hard, that you really want to be in the job and that the issues you ran into will help you learn and become better at avoiding the same issues again.

My suggestion work-wise would be: make a checklist. Of your procedure for filling out forms, or make a template for the form or email and as you go through and fill them out maybe highlight or tick them off somehow so you know for sure you've done that section.

I apologise for my possibly scattered thoughts and advice, hopefully it makes sense...  This has happened to me.  So much minutia and redundancy in many "good" jobs.  This. I had the same problem at a previous job. Make checklists for *everything*, even if you think it's a simple job. The double-whammy here is that making checklists is a stupid, boring job entirely unpleasant to us with ADHD. But once you have them, they'll be life-savers. I second this. I work at a place where I spend a large part of my shift sending e-mails and I just triple check every mail to confirm that it is as it should be (if it's a new project, I make a checklist). If I don't, I will be making mistakes, guaranteed. But now, my team leader is actually super happy with my work because I'm so precise (more so than neurotypical colleagues). They think it's great, even if I do have to take my time. Absolutely spot on in my experience as well. If i didnt have a checklist for each job I do I'd probably have been out on my arse without a job a long time ago. Make the email addresses the last thing on the checklist, too, so you don't accidentally send it all borked. And consider utilizing templates or some other sort of automating process.  What kinds of jobs did you feel like you were not suited to? 