I forget what I came to the Reddit ADHD to say :( Pretty much self explanatory. I swear, there was some relatable thing I wanted to share with ya'll... i barely read anything in this subreddit. too many long paragraphs.  I love it when old people tell me I'm too young to be forgetting things...

The doorway effect all day! I spent 10 minutes today trying to remember the word ‘authentic’ when describing a restaurant in conversation. I trailed off and started to panic because it just wouldn’t come to me. The conversation carried on but when I did remember the word, I said it a little too loudly and got some weird looks.  I forgot everything that I believe in Forgot what I wanted to comment  forgot why I clicked this Forgot what I was doing 5 seconds ago.  Forgot why I am holding my IPhone. Welcome to the club! i always tell myself "if it was important i'm sure i'll remember" The story of my life :) so good to feel that I am not alone :) I scrolled all the way down here and forgot what the original post said Carry a little pocket notebook or diary. If you have an idea or urge but nowhere to offload it comes in handy. 9 times out of 10 you dont read them over , but I find it helps in times when you have something important to remember, if you remember to bring it.  You may not be sharing what you had originally intended to, but congratulations! You definitely shared something very relatable!  I forgot my name Lol, you just reminded me to take my meds. I have the same problem when conversing with someone, along with segue-ing to related topics like surfing Wikipedia. It’s a match made in the ninth circle of hell with my Aspergers. Also, does anyone else have difficulty understanding spoken words (especially with certain accents), and does this problem get worse for you the louder the background noise? I started taking one a day vitamins for the past 2weeks.. I feel like it really helps.. could be psychosomatic though
 ... Which open tab's post am I supposed to be commenting on here? But you found something else to post :) I wonder if I would get diagnosed positively before I started B12 supplementation and if I would after my levels come back to normal.
I can really tell difference, even after first dose. I forgot what love is.. * cue music r/ADHDmemes maybe that was it and you have a masochistic sense of humour Same. That's alright.
Just sit down with us, have some cake and coffee (we forgot milk and sugar though) and chill until you remember again. Oof same I think this says it all Hmmm... now I am here b/c of my son and we always assumed he had his dad's (undiagnosed) ADHD, but this kind of things always happens to me and I always attributed it to my own age and this Age of Constant Distraction we all live in.   hmmmm! I didn't come to Reddit to say anything, but I honestly can't remember why I came here at all. I do know that it's been close to an hour and I'm at my desk at work hoping that no one else has noticed that I have accomplished absolutely nothing so far today. You just did bruh I'm kinda torn here. On the one hand, this is the most active thread I've ever started. On the other hand, its a constant reminder of the THING I STILL CAN'T REMEMBER!

What was it guys?? *whinnnne*

Edit: don't actually try to guess. That would be a terrible new game. Sorry, I know I probably asked you this already, but how much do you read on this subreddit?  And did you say why? Just do what I do and save the comments so you can forget to come back to read them. Same. My mom is staying with me at the moment and she asked me to help her with something in the kitchen while i was already busy with something else. My response "I'll be there soon, i need to finish this while i remember what I'm doing".

My psychologist promised me i don't have Alzheimer's but some days I'm just not sure Ha.  I once had to put together IKEA furniture in a room, with the parts in the next room.  I felt like my brain was in a blender.  "Okay, what part did I come in here looking for?"   "Okay, where am I attaching this?"  I feel you; I forgot the word 'meaningful' in a job interview yesterday and it derailed my whole spiel One of my medications causes issues with word retrieval so this problem has gotten even worse for me. It's really embarrassing at times. ...are you joking because I can relate to him Forgot why I came on the Internet  If it makes you feel better I was panicking and going through my purse thinking I lost my phone. 

The phone was in my hand.  The greatest lie ever told I use my phone for this Google Keep [deleted] I used to take those, but it never really had an effect that I noticed :( You should really add some more protein to that.  like 90% of what i click, i won't read. i either find it too long, unfocused or i just don't relate to the experience.

i'm the kind of person that gets impatient when hearing stories. i just want them to get to the point. and a lot of posts here tend to be typed on automatic, just letting the mind flow.

but i don't think people should stop doing that. something i often see in here are people recognizing themselves in those stories and realizing that they're not alone. My dad and his dad both had Alzheimer's, my dad had early-onset and died at 53. On my worst days I think that maybe there is something more to what's going on in my brain. Oh, no! I hope you recovered better than I did. While giving a client presentation yesterday I panicked when the word ‘aesthetic’ left my brain just before I was about to say it. It’s a word I use plenty. No reason for it to run away at that particular moment.  I don’t remember but if I did I’d say porn  I wish I could believe this... Until I cleared them all out like 2 days ago, I had over 500 Google Keep Checklists. Most of them half checked, unfinished, or half written and a bunch of random things i wrote down and forgot about lol. Put it where you see it in the morning... I have a cubby I put my wallet and watch in.. I have to bump into it to get my stuff Just being honest, I didn’t even read this sometimes focusing on the feeling instead of the content of someones's story keeps me with them :) but if someone is legit telling a boring ass story in I dont feel as bad about losing my attention to it lol That is really interesting, is there more? I've been gobbling up this subreddit for 3 days straight and I really need more input. I don't think it was all that awful, but I'll find out in a week or so I guess haha. Isn't that the worst, *knowing* you know the word but just not being able to find it? That's been frustrating me a lot lately It always goes like this for me.

"Ah man I can't forget to go to X at 4:45 next Thursday. Don't forget!"

*5 minutes pass*

"Wait. Was it 4:45 or 5:44? Shit let me double check!"

*calls place I made appointment at*

"I'm just going to write it down this time..." ahhahah I just checked mine and damn.. lots of duplicates, old checklists, notes that i'm afraid to delete and dont even know why =\[ [deleted] You beat me to it! I was going to say that I quickly scanned through 90% of that.  Same.. I wish I could just read through things before moving on to the next thing.  I did, does that mean I don’t have adhd? what do you want to know?  Yeah, I'm not a techno phobe, but I find notebooks a loy less mind scrambling than stuff on technology. Also come with unlimited battery life I've had success with getting a weekly pill holder so that the whole process of taking meds/vitamins is just pop the top of the single thing. remembering to refill the holder is a whole other problem though This is the most bizarre conversation I've seen on here. And I've seen some shit well i wrote it so it's easy to scan lol ;)  I was making a self-deprecating joke on my ability to randomly hyperfocus :/  


I guess it wasn't that good, sorry \^\^ Digital is just better for me cause its all in one place and searchable. If I use a notebook I will just lose it :-P And how often I find with great surprise that I only have to fill in 4 pills for a 7 day week! Must be the magic of organization. lmao 