I lose shit, it's what I do. That $75 gift certificate I just got for Christmas? Yeah it's lost. I had in in my possession for maybe 30 seconds and because I was busy putting together my son's toys I didn't pay any attention to where I put it. 


I've torn the house up, it's nowhere to be found. It's probably right along with my son's passport I lost 10 days before moving out of the country... Or the key to the filing cabinet that stores all our important documents. 


In the past I've found ways to push the blame onto others but the truth is I fucking lose and forget everything and I hate myself for it. I've set up ways to not forget the day to day things but it's just not practical to do for every thing I own. What are some of the things you do to keep track of stuff like this?  frustrating. you ever feel like screaming but know that once you begin you'll never be able to stop? Samw same Have a certain place I put things like keys, phone, jacket, gym bag, ring. 

Have a certain order/routine for how I do things. For instance, the night before I will put my work clothes, put my gym clothes and in towel in my gym bag, lunch prepared and in the fridge, keys to office in bag. 

Then at my office I have created redundancies in the event I do forget/lose something... Extra clothes, deodorant etc. 

But I can't create these kinds of routines for everything, there aren't enough hours in the day. 
 Good, keep doing that.  

I struggle the same way you do with the one-offs that need to be organized.  I have a dedicated drawer in the house that is mine and mine only, and where I put ANYTHING that is even relatively important and doesn't have a place yet.  Gift cards, birth certificates, concert tickets, etc.  If it's critically important or valuable it goes right in the drawer right away.  

The drawer itself is a rat's nest - just a big jumble of stuff.  But i always know to look there for important stuff.  The search is much shorter than having do dig through the entire house.  

If it helps you too, you can put jars in every room that serve the same purpose.  Anything that reduces the number of places you have to search.  

If i'm  not at home and get something important it goes right in the wallet, not a pocket. Even if it's much bigger than my wallet, i cram as much in as i can and when I get home it goes into the draw or a jar.  My pockets might as well have holes in them.  Same for me, I also have spots and places for everything I need on a daily basis. Keys, wallet, etc. But then when you're going on holiday at the end of the year and you do it once a year. There is no order and only planning and if you misplace something then while you're packing it can get messy. Happened to me the other day... the planning went as smooth as a military operation but just as I got in my car I couldn't find my car keys.. As I started looking for my car keys I misplaced the remote I use to open the garage door and gate... I spent a solid 3 hours searching and our neighbour had to drive back from work to help me lock up and leave.. It's quite shocking when it happens. It's almost like someone is playing a trick on you or like it dissipated into thin air... ADHD is unexplainable and so are the things that happen to us! :P 