I lost $100 *Update* A couple months back, I mentioned losing large sum of money. Today, I have found it. Where was it? In a pair of jeans that I only wore once and never again until I started cleaning out my closet. A task I've told myself I'd do since New Years. Have a special day, you special people. Need someone to do your laundry next month?

But what I finds I keeps.

Good 4U! congrats lol Been there, done that. One winter I finally gave in and broke out my old winter coat, and while cleaning the pockets of the usual suspect tissues (I never know if they're used or not...) I found a $20 in one pocket. It just sat there all summer, probably a good 8 to 9 months of the year, nestled with iffy tissues and ancient cough drops. People don’t understand that I legitimately, without ADHD medication, have a terrible memory. With medication it’s still bad, but it’s extremely worse without. I think maybe it’s because we work so hard to try to keep our focus on certain things: that we end up forgetting other things that are considerably more important to remember. Once as a child I remember losing one of my favorite toys and being really upset because I couldn’t find it. I had searched everywhere. It wasn’t until I looked down in my palm that I realized it had been in my hand the whole time.  haha nice. the best I've done was finding a folded $50 bill in a christmas card I forgot in my dresser 1 year later. Dude... I used to wear jeans in high school for so long. Almost every weekend when it was time to do laundry, I would always find a couple dollars or a ten. Felt awesome when finding it. But when I initially thought I lost that money? NOT a good time I can assure you...

Anyways lululemons for the win. Virtually nonexistent pockets so I’m always forced to be a functioning adult and put my money in my wallet like a sane person. 😂 I lost my of id once and went through all the hassle to replace it, only to find it some time later in my ski jacket. Yesterday I thought I'd lost both my wallet and a £175 gift card... After digging through my bag, my jeans, all my hoodies, checking to make sure no one had been in my room ... I found them sitting on my desk - where is where I was when I realised I couldn't find them. They were right in front of me the entire time. Maybe I should do some laundry... I lost a $100 gift card last year... hmmm.... I once forgot my wallet in bathroom with 800 bucks inside. The cleaning guy and security found it and returned to me an hour later. Ah the old ADHD Tax has finally paid out a return! I lost $100 in July, i "put it in my wallet/suitcase?".  
Good for youuuuu!! Also, I forgot to mention, I found this money back on September 19 with intentions on updating my tradegy on this subreddit. Buuuuut, I either forgot, told myself I'd do it later, and or both; you know how it is 🤪🤪🤪 Happy new year! Lol, always fun to find money in strange places. Not cool to lose $100. Glad you found it. When I was in 8th grade I had $60 to take to the mall I was super excited and when I went up to pay at the first store I couldn’t find it in any of my stuff. Never saw it again. and that’s my tragic back story  That's how my parents got us kids to do laundry. It worked great for everyone until I found $1200 in cash...  Wow, were your parents coke dealers too? 😋 \*too\* 