Made coffee. Forgot to drink it. Maybe Mama Bear's porridge was *actually* cold because she had ADHD. This is the reason I have transitioned to cold brew coffee sans ice. One of the traits that makes me believe that my Dad had ADHD to one degree or another.... A cold coffee in the living room and one in the microwave...colder Last week I was doing the dishes when I noticed my favourite mug wasn't there. I checked all the usual places, room, fridge weird hidden bit of kitchen. Even the bathroom where my house mates tell me I occasionally leave mugs when I'm particularly out of it. Not there either. Ok, maybe a housemate is using it weird but definitely allowed. I make a cup of tea in mug number two and decide that I'm not finding mug one so best to just press on with the dishes.

Mug 2 gets cold while I forget it. Ugh. I go to microwave it and find a cold mug 1 sitting in the microwave.  There have been so many times that I had to decide if my tea had gotten too cold to drink.  Should I dump it or drink it? 

No big deal but.. the repetition of mistakes is real. This happens to me! Especially if I set it aside to let it cool. On the bright side, it’s really inexpensive for me to go out for drinks with friends because I can nurse a beer for hours by straight-up forgetting it’s in my hand. I've one upped you in that I once made tea but forgot to turn on the kettle, I left the kitchen for a minute then when I came back I just assumed it was boiled :( I remembered to drink my tea today! Success! Ugh this happens to me constantly. On the weekends I end up microwaving the same cup of coffee like 10 times At the very least this doesn’t happen with iced tea, even though I also love mine hot. That’s why I drink it black. When I worked retail, I took my joe with milk and two sugars. I would get busy, forget about it, and come back two hours later to a mouthful of separated milkfat. I was drinking heavily at the time, and black coffee was part of my hangover remedy, so it was a short hop to omitting milk, then sugar, from my go-go juice.  I take about 2 sips out of mine and then it becomes a waste of time and money haha I think you may have stumbled upon a truth.

Mama Bear's porridge is sitting on the stove where Papa Bear left it this morning, saying "don't forget to eat this".  Mama Bear's coffee is getting cold in the microwave RIGHT NOW.   Adhd definitely has a genetic link ...wait, that's my dad, too...and I know I have ADD but since I don't drink coffee, I've never forgotten mugs anywhere, and so I never connected it. Huh. Your happiness in that makes me smile (and nod, because totally get it) on an otherwise sucktastic day, so yay for you and thank you. : ) yup. Dad also had a variety of "unfinished" projects and hobbies. He also had he intense explosive temper that is seen in adhd too. I always to try celebrate my wins, and not count my losses. 