I grew up in the PNW. I never remember having summers with this haze until the last few years. Were wildfires always this much trouble and I just don't remember? Or is this problem increasing?  [Wildfires are the new norm.](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/07/02/us/fires-california-colorado.html) We have invented a new season: the smoke season. Lived here my whole life, I don’t remember it being like this until last year. My mom moved here in 1983, she doesn’t remember any before last year. 

The occasional hazy day, sure but not like it’s been in 2017 and 2018.  www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/smoky-seattle-summers-expect-more-of-them-scientists-say/

“Last year was out of the norm. It was horrible last year and now we’ve had two in a row,” [deleted] I grew up here as well, since the 70’s. I don’t ever remember it this bad. It’s recent/last 5-10 years 
 I “thought” that we (the forest service) had adopted a “let it burn” policy after the big fire that ravaged east Yellowstone.  They learned in that fire that there are pine cones that do not open up/germinate without high heat - that forests are designed to survive frequent fires.  I’m learning that the timber lobby is strong and that bureaucracies take decades to adjust to new information.  

The local newspaper is printing headlines about how we must get used to this smoke season but if we let it all burn the brush away, and manage fires in populated areas instead of extinguishing every forest fire asap, we will eventually have healthier forests,  and when fires do happen, they won’t be so smoky.  

Also, we have a serious bark beetle infestation because our winters are no longer cold enough to kill off the larvae.  Maybe fire is helping that cause.  

Having said that, it’s pretty darn dry out there.   I was just thinking about this today. I've been in the area since the 70's, and I don't remember there ever being smoke around Lake Washington until last year. I grew up in eastern Washington, and we always had some hazy days from fires. There were even times that we would have bits of ash falling out of the sky. Granted, it’s been worse the past few years and we had a fire get dangerously close to my town three years ago, but it was always something that we were aware of.  It’s because of climate change colder and and wetter parts of Canada are currently burning at an intensity that they do not normally burn at add that into the fact that normal weather patterns of wind and rain are not materializing in the upper atmosphere due to the warmer climate changing weather patterns all over the globe. I was a wild land fire fighter 5+ years and have studied weather patterns and there changes extensively over the years.  Was listening to a Seattle station and they said the particulates were almost twice as high in the early '80s from fires... I spent last summer in Bend, OR, the ash falling from the sky in the afternoon seriously looked like a snowdrift. My friends said I had literally picked the only time of the year it was ugly to visit. It's all the Californians moving here. They brought traffic and wildfires I have lived in the PNW for 40 years and the wild fires are getting worse every year.  This is do to improper forest and land management.  The we are not clearing underbrush and cutting trees down as we should.  This is allowing the fires to start easier and burn faster making them harder to control and get to when they occur. Been here for almost 15 years and these kinds of fires have only been really noticable and common in the last 5 or so.  ya its almost like climate change is real... and has serious side effects here and now that will only get worse without systemic change... almost... I also don’t remember any of this as a PNW native. It actually seems new since I left about eight years ago. And it’s super depressing to watch the world burn. also, vaping...lol Long-timer here too. Memories not the best of indicators, but here is an objective source. [http://wasmoke.blogspot.com/p/national-interagency-fire-information.html](http://wasmoke.blogspot.com/p/national-interagency-fire-information.html) Global warming.  It’s been like, two years of this. And it’s been like this for a week. Is ThIs ThE nEw NoRmAL? Fuck yes! Quick! Patent a holiday! 

Smoke Day! No ... 

Burning Man! Taken .... 

Festival of the Flame? No ...

Maybe just bring back Zoroastrianism and roll in the donations ... and ashes.  Would controlled burns help? Right?!?!? It's crazy. I do remember a few Novembers that we were socked in with fog for weeks at a time, but not this smoke haze ever! I lived in Portland all my life until recently when I moved here.  I don’t remember ever having ash fall from the skies until last year. Sometimes we would have a little smog in summer but not smoke like it has been these last two years. Just talking about this earlier today. Growing up, wildfires were just something that happened to Yellowstone, it seemed like. We went camping all over Oregon, and never once had our plans killed by fire. Raging storms out of nowhere, sure.  [2015 was smoky around the same time.](http://www.kuow.org/post/smoke-fills-seattle-sky-okanogan-fire-nears-record-size) Same, I was just having this conversation last night. Why is so much of Canada on fire so much the last few years? Wait smoke in Siberia goes to US? No. The government actually does controlled burns for the purpose of opening cones and germination. But the scale of many fires is way too large for that, we can’t just let all fires burn. There’s a fire down on the hood canal that is being contained by roads that enclose the big mountain where the fire is, but even then it’s supposed to keep spreading along the ridge until maybe even October. It’s just bad to let big fires continue to burn, as they would continue to burn forever and then pretty soon year after year the forests would be in terrible shape. Well put. What part of eastern Wa? We grew up spending summers in Winthrop. But were we doing this 50 years ago? Not being a smart ass, I have considered forest management as part of the problem and I would think it has improved over the years due to more information being  available. I can't imagine we were doing better in the past than we are now. Well where would they clear underbrush and cut trees down? It’d be impossible to do that everywhere, as it’s extremely unpredictable where exactly the next fire will start.  Forestry expert you are? Budget cuts. Inaccurate - years of record droughts have played very significantly into this mess. Not disagreeing with the management strategy as part of the problem, but if the climate was experiencing record moisture instead of record droughts I’m pretty sure things wouldn’t be lighting up all over creation...

https://www.drought.gov/drought/documents/pacific-northwest-drought-status-update-july-31-2018 The scary part is that North America as a whole could massively reduce its carbon emissions and we'd still be fucked by the rest of the world. This is why more and more climatologists are now starting to call for increased energy put into climate control technology. We're at a point where it seems incredibly unlikely we will cut carbon emissions enough to avert this crisis. Climate change started last year then? Burnination ! Trogdor was a man, he was a dragon man... Bring back? I’m a living/breathing Zoroastrian... wasn’t aware that we’d all died.  If they were big enough yes. The problem is no one's got the will, manpower, or political capital to burn large enough areas (including close to houses) often enough. Huge swaths of ecosystems evolved for frequent fires. We're still dealing with the build up of fuel that we caused by changing that. Ashfall was fucking terrifying. I’d never seen that before, even when I lived in California.  Well there was that one time in May of 1980. Just a guess, but a strong softwood timber industry that disincentivized controlled burns. The amount of fuel just keeps building up, combine that with more severe weather (climate change) and this is what we get. Canadians are notorious pyromaniacs. Jet stream. So it's the Russians up to trouble again? I’m aware of controlled burns but I hadn’t put that together with germination, I thought that the function of a controlled burn was the creation of a fire break.  I’m pretty sure that timber companies have kilns for germination but I’m happy to hear they’re doing some of this naturally.  Thanks!   

I respectfully disagree (this is opinion - I’m not a scientist) about the shape of a burned forest being terrible, unless... you’re a timber company.   As I understand it, these fires are out of control because of all of the fuel that we’ve let accumulate by suppressing forest fires for the last 120 yrs or so.  Once the undergrowth/fuel is gone, once you allow the fire cycle to do it’s job, you don’t have this violent fire behavior that kills everything in it’s path.   However, these are not really forests.  They are farms and the people who own the rights to these farms want the crops protected.  (This short sightedness is biting them in the ass at the moment.).  Unfortunately, it’s a 100 year recovery cycle - and we don’t have the patience for THAT.  LOL. 

There’s a recent 99% Invisible Podcast that addresses the simplicity of protecting houses from wildfires vs the Forest Services tenacious reliance on putting ground crews in to fight fires, even though, and almost because of, their belief that it is impossible to do so successfully.  (We love lost causes!!).   The people in French Creek east of Redding took this to heart and saved their homes.  New subdivisions are implementing these strategies to good effect.  Why everyone who builds a house in the woods doesn’t install a sprinkler system on the roof is beyond me.  But - most of this is beyond me so there you go.  

My views are reliant only upon my personal experience and what I’ve read which is how the forest service came to the logic of fire suppression. LOL.  Not sure of anything really.  I AM certain that nature will take it’s course whether I think about it or not.  
 There are two main philosophys' when it comes to land management.  The first is maintenance and responsible tree clearing to mitigate fire and allow younger trees to get the light and not fight for resources with the underbrush.  The second is to let it grow wild as the land did before man.  With the second approach the forests managed to clear the underbrush and dead fall by naturally occurring fires.  This second approach has been the policy pushed by the environmentalists because they do not want any trees cut at all.  The policy makers have given in to the outcry and adopted the second philosophy towards land management. I have studied forestry and land management in collage and have two coworkers that used to work in the forestry service with degrees in such. They left, do to the policy changes in land management 20 years ago by the government. Not budget cuts.  
  
It's the post 911 effect. Money has been diverted towards buying all new equipment, increasing manpower and training, and conducting large exercises.  
  
Reapportionment of budgets. Budgets never get smaller. Droughts have definitely caused more fires, but the most recent research seems to point to the mismanagement of the forestry for why the fires have become so massive and devastating.

https://www.npr.org/2018/06/14/618225625/looking-to-history-to-combat-wildfires I get that you are being snarky but no, I'd say it started in earnest during the industrial revolution... even back then scientists knew that eventually the greenhouse effect would cause catastrophe. We are just seeing one example close to home of its most recent consequence. Sea levels didn't start rising last year. Ice caps and glaciers didn't start melting last year... don't be willfully ignorant That last time I heard about that happening in Portland was mt helens blew and I had not been born at that time. I moved here last year the week it had ashfall.  I'm from Ohio and this freaked me the hell out.   But they are very sorry about it.  We can't just sit here and let forests burn, as in 10-20 years it would basically just be desolate if we let them burn. There aren't just trees in forests, as it's a whole entire ecosystem of various animals. We've got to keep their habitats in-tact. But also, if we let the fires burn, then at the rate of how much burning there would be, the forests couldn't just come back that quickly. It takes years for forests to reach where most are now, and then one simple lightning strike could disrupt that. My dad works in Fire Management for the National Park and National Forest Service, and used to be a wildland firefighter a while ago before I was born, so that's where I'm getting all my info, even though I do have a pretty bad memory so I might be a little wrong about some things. To my knowledge, [controlled burns are still commonly performed](https://www.pc.gc.ca/en/nature/science/conservation/feu-fire/feuveg-fireveg/dirige-prescribed/projet-projects). 

I can't find information about controlled burns ceasing or slowing due to environmentalists. You seem to imply it's those enviro-hippie liberals that have pushed  gullible policy makers into sub-standard choices. I'm not sure why you would believe that's the case.

Your first approach is much more expensive to execute and most timber companies vastly prefer clear-cutting, which is still the  dominant form of forest harvesting in the PNW. This is likely to continue as long as clear-cut leases continue to be offered. Also, selective harvesting (your first approach) doesn't  address the underbrush -- although it might lower the canopy; but the vast majority of forest fires are started by human activity rather than lightning.  thank you!
 due* not do. sorry for being that person, but I had to.  I've heard this argument over and over again that the combination of environmentalism and lack of clear cutting is the cause for many of the fires, you'll excuse me if I'm a little skeptical at this point.  This is a very conservative message that has touted for decades.  I personally think there are a lot of significantly more contributing factors which are not being addressed. From the 2015 Secretary of Agriculture.

“Climate change and other factors are causing the cost of fighting fires to rise every year. But the Forest Service is expected to absorb those costs into its regular budget, which remains relatively flat. This means that every year, fire grows as a percent of the agency’s budget, while all other programs shrink. A separate and compounding problem known as “fire transfer” occurs when the agency is forced to pay for fires by transferring additional funds midyear from already-depleted programs. Both elements put enormous stress on the very programs that reduce the threat of future fires.

No other natural disasters are funded this way.”

https://www.fs.fed.us/blogs/cost-fighting-wildfires-sapping-forest-service-budget No disagreement there, but to point at environmentalist agendas is to ignore all the rich conservative types that bought all the million dollar homes in the wooded burbs/around all the resorts too - they don’t want brush fires so we get crown fires :-( That's exactly the point. Bringing up something that has been escalating for 100 years as a cause doesn't explain anything. The whole point of the conversation is that in 30 years, this smoke has been around last year and this year.  Same. I don’t even remember it during the 04 eruption.  No doubt, there’s a balance.  Takes hundreds of years for any ecosystem to return from a natural disaster like this but, it’s all part of the process and humans, right or wrong, are part of that too.  Thank your Dad for his service.   My understanding is that they are not as widespread because there are so many more new houses to avoid.  That account's history is definitely...interesting. You pointed that out but didnt correct college over  collage? Thank you. When is the next voting period to add funding for forestry services to the ballot?  Agreed. There is truly a perfect storm of all kinds of human fuckups that have us in this situation(and probably some natural things as well). A situation that is just the tip of the iceberg unfortunately. It's gonna be a wild ride. Or perhaps there's more now to protect the houses in lieu of natural burns. fwiw, it's not the environmentalists pushing to continue low density development farther and farther out of the city where they will be threatened by forest fires... Been studying this since the 90s, ex wife was summa cum laude forester, I did a stint with the FS, have friend who won Nobel prize for research in climate change...

I’m working on a chase winter to various hemispheres escape plan :-( no joke. This is a terrifying harbinger of the things to come imho...the boreal forests are half standing dead or more in spots...its heartbreaking... 