A couple Californians are making their first trip to Seattle this week and need your help... We would appreciate any tips on MUST SEE places as part of the experience. We have our final day dedicated to hiking (most likely Mt. Rainier), but want to explore, go bar hopping, and experience the touristy parts as well. Any input would be appreciated and can answer any questions. Thanks in advance. 

EDIT: With some help from a comment, I want to try and attract the attention of this question more towards which touristy events are worth doing IYO/which ones are not. >Thanks in advance

Careful what you wish for in this sub when asking folks to plan your vacation. You could just read the side bar

https://www.reddit.com/r/Seattle/wiki/index It might seem like a strange suggestion, but I recommend stopping by the public library in downtown Seattle and heading to the viewing area at the top (https://goo.gl/images/oBCkx7)
It's not too far a walk from pike place and you can explore along the way. Maybe take a ferry if you are here on a clear day over to Bainbridge and back. It's pretty cheap and the views are great (plus Bainbridge has some cute shops and wine tasting things, if you are into that). Enjoy your trip!  Mt rainier in November. Remember to check in with a park ranger when you cross the “closed for the season” signs and leave a detailed route so we don’t have to waste a bunch of money searching for your bodies; we’ll be able to hone right in.  [removed] Hey welcome to Seattle. I hope you have a super trip!


So many people ask for "MUST SEE" recommendations. Your questions are not unique, actually they are very common. You can get a lot of info from this sub, it has a search facility.


Google is pretty good too, if you have access. 

 Hiking advice follows:  
Do not expect views. It is possible that you might have views when you come. It is more likely that the weather will be somewhere  between misting to heavy misting to sprinkling to raining to rain with occasional showers, all day long.  The forecast has the weather steadily improving as the week goes on, with a nice Saturday and maybe even Sunday, but it can change easily at this time of the year. If you opt for a higher elevation hike, just be aware that there may be snow or ice.  Check frequently and plan accordingly.

Hikes I would recommend for relatively fit but casual hikers, for late fall:

* Middle Fork Snoqualmie River to Pratt River (downstream): [https://www.wta.org/go-hiking/hikes/pratt-river-trail](https://www.wta.org/go-hiking/hikes/pratt-river-trail)
* Wallace Falls State Park: [https://www.wta.org/go-hiking/hikes/wallace-falls](https://www.wta.org/go-hiking/hikes/wallace-falls)
* Carbon River to Ipsut Falls: [https://www.wta.org/go-hiking/hikes/carbon-river](https://www.wta.org/go-hiking/hikes/carbon-river) You'll see the Mountain if it's clear.   


So you bring enough layers: I went hiking yesterday at the Middle Fork on a splendid sunny day, and I wore a pair of quick-dry pants, wool undershirt, light fleece long sleeve over that, a down jacket, and then a fleece vest over that, hat, mittens, and thick wool socks. While I did shed some of these layers along the way, there were times when I was cold and I was glad for all of them. I brought a rain jacket even though the forecast was dry, because, you never know. The trail was muddy, slippery and wet - hiking boots or good gripping trail runners would be best. I do not recommend jeans, as they stay wet when you get them wet, and they will then be cold.   


It will be dark by 4pm in the woods this time of year. I recommend thinking of getting on the trail no later than 10am, so you can be off before twilight. This also then allows for time for a cup of hot cocoa (or a beer, depending on your wont) in the nearest locality to the trailhead when you're done, fortifying yourselves for the trip back into the city.

  
 Museum of Flight if you are at all interested in planes. Amazing IMO.

EMP if you are interested in music.  Better hiking up near Mt. Baker, Oyster Dome, Index - Ranier in November may be a no go. Take one of the tours of the Ballard Locks by boat. Underground Seattle tour is fun. Rent some bikes and ride the Burke Gilman trail. Rent kayaks and do Lake Union. Museum of History and Industry, Center for Wooden boats, Nordic museum Google Washington Trails Association - you'll find a whole bunch of hikes listed.  My guess is other places are better (and closer) for day hiking than Mt. Rainier this time of year.

As for "must see" places - there's the touristy places (Pike Place Market, Seattle Center, Space Needle, Waterfront, Museum of Pop Culture, Argosy Cruise on Lake Washington, Ride the Ducks, Underground Tour, Float Plane rides from Lake Union, etc.)  The trouble is the outdoor ones aren't great in cold weather.   Jesus Christ guys, we don’t have to tell everyone who wants to give Seattle tourism dollars to fuck off do we?

One of my favorite places to hike is sequoia national forest. Still busy, but less crowded than rainier. 

A great place to get breakfast is Luna Park Cafe in West Seattle. It’s got good food and is based off an amusement park that was nearby decades ago so it has a little bit of history as well. 

The Gum Wall is kinda neat for out of towners, even if it is a little touristy. Very Seattle. 

Have fun!!! I appreciate the heads up, but we’re looking for recommendations and won’t take anything blindly. Looking for places that we wouldn’t know about/places that go unnoticed.  THANK you. I appreciate a helpful link.  Also Faye Bainbridge State Park. Definitely take the monorail from West Lake center in downtown to the Seattle center. It's a short ride and super touristy, but fun. Check out the huge fountain, walking around the space Needle, and if you are up for museum there is MoPop, a glass museum, and the Science Center right there (highly recommend all three). You can go up the space Needle if you want, it's recently been redone and I hear the glass floor is nice. Grab some coffee from a Starbucks reserve (I like it - but also get some from a few local places too). Skip the fish tossing at pike place. It's overrated in my opinion. But check out the shops downstairs. There is a cool used bookstore I enjoy a lot on the same level as a fun comic shop. The waterfront has expensive stores and okay food, but the views are great. You can walk down the waterfront all the way to the art museums sculpture garden which is a cool free park on the water.  From what I’ve came across, there are also some trails off of highways nearby the city. Not 100% sure tbh, but are those as dangerous as you’re making Mt. Rainier seem?
Thanks for the input.  You rely on Yelp? Yikes. 
Thanks for the sarcasm. But like I said, we appreciate any input one could give. We do our own research and want to think the people of Seattle could help. Guess we may have been wrong.  I should have phrased my question differently. I now know that. I just hoped I would get some personal insight into the debate of “it’s worth it to do this/not worth doing this touristy event” 

I read through the subreddit page and found some dated and outdated things. They have been helpful. Thanks for the input! Wow. All great advice and strongly noted. Going to look into these hikes rn. Definitely interested in taking in as much hiking as we can. EMP is on our list. Thank you for the tip! Will definitely Google the Trails Association. We aren't as fixed on seeing Mt. Rainier as we are seeing scenic places in general.

We figured Seattle would have great indoor activities lined up throughout the city, although the weather isn't looking that gloomy this weekend. Have/will look up the places you listed. Thanks again! Thank you for all the information. Someone else warned me about the reception I would get in the sub, but wow I didn’t expect it be that hostile. 

I have Luna Park Cafe on my list of food places!! Also a few others in Pike Market. 

I’ll definitely check out SNF for sure and see if we can go, weather permitting! This is the type of response I was hoping I could get. A detailed an opionated response. We have a bunch of locations (like the Science Center & Needle) that we want to see via Groupon, but were hoping to get some insight. Thank you! Lower elevation trails there will be fine but I don’t really see the point in a 3 hour drive to the park to hike through some woods where you can’t see mt rainier at all. There’s stuff around the city that’s a better bet but I personally just don’t see the draw of hiking in 40 degree weather and rain. 

What people think of when they say “hike mt rainier” is paradise and sunrise. Paradise is only open on the weekends and is currently under like 1’ of snow, sunrise is closed until June or something.  You should get some good responses to your post here. However, many people have asked these questions before. You'll find many  great suggestions if you search for those answers. If you have a rental car and don't mind driving 1-1.5 hours North (scenic drive to get there though), I can say that the Wallace Falls hike and the Lake 22 hike are both great.  They're both about 5 miles round trip, and rigorous, and scenic. 
If it's a clear day you also might want to drive up to Edmonds (45 minutes N. of downtown Seattle) and take a ferry ride over to Kingston, walk around there and get some lunch, and then take the ferry back.  It's a good way to see the Sound. (Don't drive on though - it costs a mint!)
And if you're sticking close to Seattle, the Loop Trail at Discovery Park is about 3 miles through the woods and also scenic - or walking around Green Lake is about 3 miles and the path is paved (and usually crowded). SNF is also much closer if you want to spend more time hiking than getting to your hike. I haven’t been there around this time of year, but Snow Lake trail is beautiful. There is a waterfall and an absolutely gorgeous crystal clear snow melt lake at the end of the hike.   I wouldn't bother with the Space Needle. If you want views, climb the water tower in Volunteer Park. It's about 100 steps up, but you're talking about hiking, so you should be able to handle it. The view is free. Use the money you save on the Space Needle tickets to go to the Asian Art museum in the park. Warm up in the glass conservatory in the park, which is one of my favorite cold wet day spots.  Sure. Don't let this subreddit throw you off. We like to pretend we are a lot more difficult than we are, but people in the PNW are generally friendly.  Thank you for the detailed response. We aren’t planning anything extreme or dangerous, but are fans of hiking and enjoy getting scenic views. The lower elevation trails may be exactly what we are looking for.  Thank you! I am going to rephrase my question to get some opinions on things that can't be found via the helpful links. Thank you for the tips! Wow. That sounds magnificent. I really appreciate the input and positivity! 

Thanks for tip too. Looks like we may go SNF just to fit in as much as we can.  Also would like to ask a question. Is the Space Needle as drawing of an attraction when the weather tends to get cloudy? (per norm hahah) Beautiful. Thank you very much. Friday has the highest chance of rain according to a weather channel at 40%, but we are expecting it to rain with unpredictable weather.  That's great to hear. Thank you for the positivity and have a nice day. I'd say the Space Needle in cloudy weather is not worth the money. You're basically paying to have a nice view, so on cloudy days I think you're better off doing something else, like visit the Chihuly Garden & Glass Museum next door, or the Museum of Pop Culture (for a similar rate). 

As for Snow Lake Trail previously mentioned, I was there this past Sunday. There was a small amount of snow on the trail, so if you go I'd plan ahead for a slippery route, but otherwise it was completely do-able! It was only about an hour ride outside of Seattle. 

Hope you enjoy your visit :)  I’m actually relatively new to the area and haven’t made it to the needle yet. General consensus seems to be that the needle is a little underwhelming in general, but I can’t really say for sure what the view is like when it’s cloudy. Sorry! Good to know that the Snow Lake Trail is doable. Have it down on our list for sure. Appreciate the input. I will take any help I can get. Thanks again and have a good one! 