Why doesn’t Seattle celebrate Halloween? To head this off from spiraling, I’m not saying Seattle doesn’t “do” Halloween. I see decorations, and last night we saw a few people dressed up bar hopping in Ballard last night. But the amount of houses I see decorated are few and far between. There’s a couple low end haunted houses in the area. The biggest thing I’ve noticed is how few kids I see trick or treating. 

For context, I lived in Chicago and Saint Louis for about 12 years before moving back to the PNW, and both cities were absolutely insane. The haunted houses were huge, multi-story attractions and literally almost every house you see is decorated. Even this weekend our friends are sharing pics of the neighborhood and all the kids getting ready to trick or treat tonight. We used to attach a trailer to our car, decorate it and fill it with hay and drive the neighborhood while the kids would get out and trick-or-treat. We would always see people sitting out with huge spreads of food and bonfires together as kids came to the house. I asked a friend who grew up in Seattle  if I’m just not seeing the full picture here or if Halloween really isn’t that big of a deal. She said it used to be, but noticed that there are far less decorations and kids trick-or-treating nowadays. She thinks it has something to do with the huge amount of people coming in from other countries who don’t celebrate Halloween. 

Can someone give context here? Are there any neighborhoods that go off the chain during Halloween? What LovelyCarrot said.

&#x200B;

Also, IIRC Seattle has one of the lower ratios of children/adults out of major US cities. Just not as many kids around, within the city limits, honestly. I grew up in Seattle in the 60s and 70s and don't remember anything like you describe.  Of course up in Snohomish County there's corn mazes, haunted corn mazes, pumpkin patches and things like that. Oh, and I guess Wild Waves is Halloween themed this time of year. It’s always been pretty low key as long as I’ve lived here (20 years).  Plenty of trick or treating in our neighborhood, but it’s a rare house that decorates beyond the basics (including my own house).

I think it’s likely a combination of typically wet and chilly weather, and the fact that we are just a little more introverted focus here in Seattle..the cool wet weather, coffee shops, fog etc draws people who enjoy time alone or quietly with their families.  

 Over the last 8-10 years I’ve noticed Seattle’s Halloween celebrations go from on par with any other city to completely devoid. I think it’s a mix of things I think the cultural influx of people definitely dampens it but I think parents just aren’t as crazy about giving their kids pounds of candy anymore or even like the idea of them being in a large crowd where everyone is wearing costumes. I also think kids just don’t enjoy it like previous generations, there’s a lot more fun things to do than trick or treat unfortunately  I think it's just a cultural shift in an urban environment - in the 80's it was nuts and I used to throw a Halloween party every year, but more and more I work late and don't have the funds to drop on decorations, even though it's my favorite holiday. I just watch scary movies every night with my hubs and cuddle with my cats and drink wine. Last couple of years, the houses on 16th Ave E, between Aloha and Highland were all decked out with cool decorations: the neighborhood east of Volunteer Park. I rode by this year and didn't see as many decorations as I had in years past.

Not sure why. Might be worth another look, though. b/c it's pissing rain outside.  Well, one family did this last year which was awesome and raised the bar.

http://diagonalleyproject.com

I dont have kids at home and while I usually do some decoration this year I have not because we are trying to get through the end of the month.

I have seen houses decorated in the neighborhood however and some people were even asking about hiring professionals, although they could have been talking about Christmas.

I do more decorating for Halloween generally than for Christmas, because we usually go out of town. It’s always been pretty low key as long as I’ve lived here (20 years).  Plenty of trick or treating in our neighborhood, but it’s a rare house that decorates beyond the basics (including my own house).

I think it’s likely a combination of typically wet and chilly weather, and the fact that we are just a little more introverted focus here in Seattle..the cool wet weather, coffee shops, fog etc draws people who enjoy time alone or quietly with their families.  

 It's nice to live where holidays in general aren't as big of a deal. In too many places people are inconvenienced by holiday hysteria.  True. I think the weather is a factor for sure. But I wonder about the introverted side of it. I say that because while Seattle may not do Halloween, the Fourth of July celebrations around here are absolutely insane and far bigger than St. Louis and Chicago. I’ve never seen more neighborhoods blow shit up together. Ha nothing wrong with that! The Fourth of July celebrations in Seattle function as a kind of "rite of summer"; it's generally the first time the weather gets warm so everyone goes all out. 