Where’s the benefit in a diagnosis when you’re 45 years old and doing okay? I’m lucky: I liked school, liked college, did well enough to end up with a PhD and have been fortunate enough to get good jobs. I’m lucky enough to have a very high verbal IQ — I will ace your language test or learn a new language in like record time if it’s interesting to me. I feel like being able to talk a good game is in huge part responsible for my getting this far; people set way too much store by coherence IMO.

I often feel pretty dumb though, and have done since high school (boy do we as a culture overemphasise academic grades). I can only really hold onto one simple idea at one time, which means if you ask me to remember to do two things, one is gonna end up in the memory hole in 30 seconds. Good luck with three or four things. I lose my thread a lot. Task switching involves a lot of “uh … where was I?” I often mix up the order of digits (but never what digits they were. Hello synesthesia, where everything has a color). I’ve never been great with timekeeping although martial arts and having to turn up to teach class made me more disciplined about it. 

I procrastinate endlessly the stuff that is complex and/or tedious, even when I know how it probably ought to be done, in theory, preferably by someone else. I will almost fall asleep at work if I have to complete repetitive tasks lasting more than a few minutes. I find even quite basic admin tasks cripplingly overwhelming and often can’t start. I ran my own consultant business for a while but it was a freaking nightmare of not understanding any of the bureaucracy involved. Government websites that were meant to help just made me cry. Accounting stuff made me cry (I can do fairly complex math, but … you get the picture). No one would explain anything in terms of things I understood. I felt so stupid and still do with anything like that. I went back to just being an employee, and I do not miss that crap, let me tell you. But I still procrastinate and stress the heck out of tasks that I should be able to do in my sleep … right? I have always self-medicated with sugar and caffeine; I like the occasional drink but it’s clear that stimulants are my friends (I never did anything illegal though).

I can’t hold a conversation with someone without interrupting or finishing their sentence, or if I do manage I’m basically using all my attention to not forget what I wanted to say. When this happens, I feel a physical pressure building up in my chest. Part of that feels like panic about being about to forget my comment or that the conversation will move on and it won’t be relevant anymore. If I want to hold onto my own thoughts I often have to stop listening to the conversation so I can kind of repeat my own point to myself to keep a hold of it. For this reason I am really, really bad at debating or arguing. I forget my thread, can’t keep track of the different bits of argument, etc. I can do it in writing though, where I can take my time and reread, reorder, rephrase. God bless academia and the internet for letting me have that, ‘cause I freaking suck at the verbal version.

I majored and then researched in psych but it still took me until my late 30s to realise that I had bipolar II. I didn’t seek treatment (hypomania is fun! And productive) until a big depressive episode last year that nearly cost me my marriage, but I after some sessions with a clinical psych I was like, OK, it’s clear from our conversations that most of your patients are struggling way more than me, I got this. And I made it out again; the one nice thing about getting older is that you’re like, well, maybe I’ll just wait and see before I rush into what might be a dumb decision (way to go Past Me: my husband is great.)

But my inability to follow through simple tasks and stay focused and be effective remember things and not interrupt people all the freaking time is bothering me. And I’m like, should I get a diagnosis? Would it help me if I were diagnosed with adult ADHD? (And hey, who knew ADHD and Bipolar were comorbid? :) I score pretty low in official tests of working memory and I check a lot of the DSM criteria, so it wouldn’t come as a surprise, but what would it buy me, like really? Best case: drugs make me more efficient at the things I suck at. Worst case: crappy side effects, nothing really changes in my day to day, one day an insurance company makes me pay through the nose for having gotten a diagnosis their underwriters regard as ‘risky’.

So, ADHDers of Reddit, especially older ones, what’s in it for me?

🙌 I was 39. I don’t want to get into it but lots of people thought I didn’t have it because I “do well”. Except walking off half way through making cups of tea. And losing my sons teddy. And just about every rovlme you mentioned. 

Concerta was like putting on glasses.  

I am happier treated.  As you get older you may not always be able to cope as well as you do now. Circumstance may change that cause you to fall behind and you'll wish you had that diagnosis. Like someone else said medication could help and its not like anyone is going to force you to take it. 

I am 64 and can't afford to go and get an official diagnosis plus the nearest place that specializes in ADHD is about 70 miles away. Luckily my PC doctor is willing to prescribe first Welbutrin and then Stratttera but because of my age isn't comfortable with giving me stimulants. If only I had gotten this done when I was younger and still working. I think you answered your own question. You list a lot of problems that you have. There isn't necessarily a benefit in a diagnosis but there is in treating symptoms. This can be done with simple therapy or seeing a psychiatrist and getting medication. 

"Doing okay" isn't great. There's really no reason to compare yourself to others. My ex-husband had the absolute worst ADHD I have ever seen. It doesn't mean I didn't benefit from being diagnosed and treated just because I wasn't THAT much of a trainwreck (*sorry John*). 

For reference, I am 28, and I got diagnosed this year. It sounds like you used academia and work to cope with the ADHD. My dad very obviously has ADHD and "copes" by throwing himself into his engineering business and working every. single. day. He's calmed down a bit now that he's in his 60s, though. 

Again, you don't need to take medication, and if you were to experience side effects you can easily switch - it's not like you need to taper it off slowly like an SSRI. 

It's sort of like...why should I get a car when I could just use public transportation or walk? Well...life gets a little easier, and getting from point A to point B is less of a hassle (and faster, probably).  Thank you. Yeah, the tea thing (literally or metaphorically). I hadn’t thought that I might have to work persuade anyone, but I guess we’ll start at the start.  Thank you for this. Getting older is I think one of the things driving this, as I see myself making more of the errors my dad makes and thinking I don’t want to end up there myself (I’m already trying to build good habits around reminders and sensible behaviors). Glad to hear your doc is helpful, and I hope it’s working for you.  Thank you. I actually originally wrote something like “I’m doing great” but changed it because I didn’t want to sound like an asshole. Like, by all objective standards I have nothing to complain about. But I do actually take your point about not comparing yourself against anyone else. I feel like I should be better *for myself* than I am at the moment. And thanks, didn’t know that the meds were an on/off situation; that’s weirdly reassuring. Although I guess I worry a little that if I were prescribed stimulants and one day came off them, I might have habituated and suddenly bloat or something. But one thing at a time. Thanks.   Also I’m sorry to hear about your marriage. That sounds hard, two people managing (or not) ADHD. And ya, my dad. Let’s not start :) I told my car insurer about my diagnosis and something trivial about our second car and my car insurance went *down*.

I speculate that actuarially diagnosed people are equal risk with neurotypicals and the undiagnosed ADHD in ten pop pushes up the accident rate. 

Come to think of it accident prevention (like bumps my your head less) is a benefit I have noticed on meds.  No problem :) I think women in particular have this compulsion to always act like we have everything together. We don't want to say things suck even a little because we are always like, well, that person is definitely worse off than I am (not saying men don't experience this, I have just noticed it being more intense in women). 

So it's totally okay to seek treatment, even if you want to call it "mild" symptoms. If you get prescribed a stimulant you can try it, if you like it, you can stay on it. For me the first time I took Adderall was like..."wow...so this is what it feels to be a person." I had no idea how LOUD my brain was. "Loud" isn't the right word...but how hard it is to ignore things that aren't relevant.  