ADHD and hygiene ADHD is forgetting to take meds in the morning and having to turn around and end up late for work. Remember you didn’t brush your teeth at your morning meeting. But then spending 45 minutes in the mirror getting every unibrow hair, black head, flakey skin, pimple, and lonesome beard hair once you get in front of a mirror. Wondering if you took your meds and panicking - thus inducing “is it panic bc I’m panicking or did I accidentally take two and now my heart is gonna explode.” The constant fixation on touching my face or nose or nose ring or beard hair. I spent $60 on two different teeth whitening kits and I can’t remember to use either of them ever. I realized how bad and obvious my ADD was when a friend I haven’t seen in two months casually mentioned how I spent “2.7 weeks giving something my 150% then I quit. 

I keep all my hygiene things on the counter when I remember to, but it’s messy and makes me feel more out of wack in my routine. 
I’ve since brought a tooth brush to keep at work. Keep tooth picks in my deck, my car, and my bathroom. And I need to get another pill bottle for my meds to also keep in the car. 


Any one else? Lol At least for meds, I use my phone's calendar/reminder. Get up, grab my phone, and there's a big red "TAKE PILLS" splash screen I have to dismiss to do anything. As soon as I take them, I cancel the reminder.  Set alarms on your phone.  (I set 3 different morning alarms and the phone is on a charger -- across the room.)  Alarms for meds in the car.

Get a weekly pill organizer for $5 at Walgreens/Walmart.  Fill it every Sat./Sun./whatever.  Put it in the car.

Leave your face alone with the picking.  Our hands our filthy, germy messes, and picking/fussing makes everything worse.  Don't do this. If the excessive grooming/picking gets out of hand for me, I leave the light off in the bathroom so I can't see those little things.  And pill boxes are lifesaving, as long as you can remember to fill them up! I have the same problem. It's not that I forget to shower. I just am preoccupied with everything else, and I keep thinking I will shower when I can fit it in. But I sweat a lot when on meds, so it's not too long before i can smell my own self. Shower time, for sure! Oh man--I get it. Showers at random times, because I always think there's no time for them. Essentially, everything needs to be out on the counter and ready to use... otherwise... all those skin care items don't get used for months.  When I was younger I even had trouble getting motivated to take a shower, and my parents had to force me every time. And still just 2 minutes of brushing my teeth is a struggle for me Medisafe has revolutionised my life!! It's an amazing free app for keeping track of meds. 
Re showering and teeth - I love you guys. I always thought I was just disgusting.    Yeah i would spend hours in the mirror pulling hair, picking blackheads, plucking nose hair, shaving my damn chest and every other body part, squeezing my face with the hopes of something to ooze out etc. I'm pretty anal on hygeine though and would often feel thrown off If I don't shower two to three times a day. If I wake up in the morning and dont take a shower although I showered the night before I'm totally thrown off balance by that and often have to listen to a few motivational videos on you tube to snap back together. I'm working on those areas to add a little color to the black and white. On medication I'm learning that everything doesn't have to be so concrete there are colors in the world so to speak.  Germaphobe much? But your other ideas sound good. I’m the same way. I’m glad we’re not alone! Me?  Not at all, but I like having a zit-free face and I heard this from a makeup specialist *and* a dermatologist. Face covered in zits from touching not perfectly flat spots(not even pimples), picking at them, then everything goes downhill from there. 