I Think My Sleeping Pills Are Causing Anxiety. I finally found a doctor who was willing to consider the idea that my depression was a symptom of my inability to focus, rather than its cause. Got my ADD diagnosis on Monday, and I feel like I can maybe start being hopeful again.

Doctor prescribed Adderall, and we haven't figured out a dose yet. It took 3/4 of a 30mg pill for me to feel anything at all. To help me get back on a human schedule, he also prescribed me Sonata/Zaleplon, which is just supposed to help me fall asleep, and leave my system before causing daytime grogginess.

This morning, I took a 30mg Adderall tablet, and felt like taking a nap an hour later, even after I could feel the weird skin tingly feeling letting me know it had kicked in.

I have usually self-medicated with marijuana to overcome my insomnia, so that was the first night in a while without it. I am fully aware that this could be the entire cause of the problem I'm experiencing now. I DO NOT PLAN ON CONTINUING MARIJUANA USE, and would never consider mixing pharmaceutical substances of any kind without both doctor instruction and pharmacist confirmation. I also completely ceased my caffeine intake before meeting with my doctor the first time, and do not plan to resume.

Earlier tonight during my Adderall comedown, I felt sleepy and calm, actually wanted to go to bed. Popped a sonata as prescribed, did my bedtime routine, and just could not fall asleep. I've been in bed since about 11pm, it's past 6am now, and I have been experiencing rapid heartbeat, RLS, and cold sweats. I also can't stop worrying that the doctor is going to change his mind, or that my body/brain chemistry will ensure I never get to feel human. I know it's unreasonable, but I can't help worrying that all the progress I feel like I've made is going to be taken away, and I'll just get shoved back in the "you have depression" quagmire.

I looked up the info for the sleeping pill, and it does say that it can cause anxiety, but that it's rare. I have also tried melatonin from time to time, and always end up laying awake the entire night, really wishing I could sleep for a few minutes.
Has anyone else experienced opposite effects from things that should be calming?

On the slightly hoakier side, has anyone experienced jittery, panicky symptoms correlated with a particular food dye color? I'm just trying to fully cover my bases here.

Obviously, this is also a conversation I'll be having on the phone with my doctor tomorrow morning. I'm just wondering if this reaction has happened for anyone else with this medication specifically (or I guess others of the same/similar class), and what, if any, actually worked without causing drowsiness the next day.
I just want to be functional, and I'll be as patient as I have to be... But obviously I'd prefer to be a fully functioning member of society right here and now. But I need to sleep :/

Thanks guys Benzos give me those kind of side effects too. I also have bad reactions to some food dyes like that.

Side note, how much melatonin did you try? A lot of the OTC stuff seems to be high doses. I take around 0.3 mg liquid and it helps me go to sleep. Have you noticed a particular food dye color to usually correlate to those symptoms?

I've tried the liquid, pills, and powder; supposedly the "high quality" stuff. My younger sister, who was diagnosed with ADHD years ago took the same doses as I did, and saw the expected benefit. I know that doesn't really mean anything, but I had thought we would have had similar drug reactions.
Though for some additional, potentially extraneous information: when I have dental work done, the dentist has to use twice the regular dose of novicane per injection, and it wears off completely within 20 minutes. Blue dye definitely, the other colors seem to be hit or miss. Most of the artificial sweeteners do the same as well.

Per the novocaine, look into hypokalemia, and get your potassium levels tested if the symptoms look familiar. 