Have trouble reading walls of text? Install Beeline Reader extension and it will change your life.  http://www.beelinereader.com/ 

Credit goes [Luinorne](http://www.reddit.com/user/Luinorne) but I just had to share. I am so excited to use it for my classes this year. I used to literally copy and past long readings to word, break them down into smaller paragraphs and then change the segment's font color in order for the text to keep my attention but now this extension does it for me and in a more efficient manner.

I just figured Id try and contribute to this sub since it has helped me so much in the past.



Edit: Honestly thought I'd never receive gold and this just made my day, thank you so much!! Just glad to help those in need and make someone so happy that they gilded me. I will now brag to my brother until he cries poor people tears. FYI, we're thinking of doing a kickstarter campaign to build iOS and Android apps/extensions. Is this something folks would be interested in? —BeeLine creator This is really helpful. I'm lucky if I can get through six lines of text before wandering off.  I found [spritz](http://www.spritzinc.com/) really helpful too and their "spritzlet" application lets you read nearly any webpage with their method. It's pretty hip.

Beeline looks great too. I'm going to use them both. Thanks for posting this!

Edit: Gilded? HFS, how awesome! Thanks! THANK YOU!! This has become a serious problem for me, especially at work where I need to be able to read statutes and very technical documents.  OMG Thank you!!! I have been using the method of highlighting certain lines in walls of text so I know where I am.  Id doesnt help with skipping lines but it helps me know where I need to restart... 

Ive been using this for 5 minutes and I can already tell its going to be a huge help and time saver.  

Thank you!!  holy crap that's amazing. 
 Here's also an add on for Firefox and chrome called TL;DR that uses algorithms to make a summary of an article. There's also more things, such as a short form of it, a long version, and more. I use it a lot on Wikipedia. OH awesome! THank you!

edit: even more awesome! it even works with my pdf textbooks! Holy crap, that actually works really well.  Thanks! This is brilliant! Can't wait to start using it. Thank you so much for sharing! Awesome this is very useful, thx for sharing! This is awesome!  Now if only there was something like this for ebooks! Where was this in college?! Ugh...

Well, at least I know what to do when I decide to buckle down and go to grad school....  Love this product.  I am a former special educator and now coach teens with ADHD/LD and other co-morbid challenges.  This product works for students that have a difficult time tracking.    

Nick Lum and his cousin are the creative design team that built this amazing product.   After learning about this on the TotallyADD.com webinar and then talking with Nick on the phone I know he is doing this for the right reasons!   

I fully endorse this product and am doing everything I can to get the word out!  I have experienced the stigma and shame of students and adults that struggle with reading difficulties.  

I am vicariously affiliated in the tech world and have seen too many start-up businesses with good products go out of business because of the onslaught of competition --  flashy apps with no real functionality. Beeline is a fantastic easy-to-use app that addresses the primary needs of the the user.  

Beeline is not just for ADHD or the dyslexic reader.  Everyone would benefit from using this product - lawyers, doctors, students, or anyone that has to read volumes of material.  

Keep the momentum going!  Glad Reddit allows it on their site!   

 Dumb question:  I installed the plug-in For Firefox.  What do I do now to make text show up this way? OMG this is amazing! Thank you so so so much for the suggestion! I am so excited to have to need this (after installing it)! Thank you!! Just installed it and am using it here on this thread. VERY cool! this is fantastic! Now I just need to be reminded that I saved this fir when I get on my computer tomorrow :P Is my ADHD the reason why I have so much trouble reading for extended periods of time? I legitimately just thought I was a lazy asshole. 


Btw I was diagnosed with ADHD as a kid, not on since 5th grade, and I haven't really studied much about ADHD Wow just clicking the link I realized I read that introduction without a hitch. I'm going to install it for sure.  Thank you so much for reaching out to me!  I think, for me, the best bed would be using a mixture of overdrive (I still need to look into setting it up) and Calibre.  I mostly use iBooks to do my reading and then upload them to my iPad via iTunes, Calibre, or DropBox, depending on how much time I have/how many things I'm trying to upload.  Usually I use Calibre to upload CBRs and that takes a long time to convert them, but I'm assuming a ePub to PDF will be shorter-I haven't looked into it.

Anyways, I love your product and wish you guys much success!  Thank you so much! I was actually looking through the comments to see if I could find a link to one! I would definitely be interested.  I also use the the Spritzlet.  I use it for those "good intention" articles that I open, see the wall of text, get overwelmed and then just bookmark never to see again.

Spritz has made it so I have actually read many of those such articles, and it feels good to actually accomplish something, albeit such a minor task. Wow that was really cool! Thanks for sharing, I'll have to check that out Oh my god, spritz is incredible. Thanks for sharing! This is actually going to help me soo much! BeeLine creator here—you can use it with ebooks from Amazon, all you have to do is open them in your browser. If you go to [read.amazon.com](http://read.amazon.com) and open any of your kindle books, then the browser plugin will color the text automatically. Our browser plugins do the same for any library ebook that's loaned using the OverDrive platform (which is used by man public libraries).

Lastly, you can also use the Calibre software to convert ebooks into PDFs, which can then be colored using the BeeLine PDF converter. We have a [step-by-step demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcZ5N7Dlvg4) that shows how to BeeLine ebooks. And if you have any questions/problems, just email us (contact@BeeLineReader.com) and we'll be happy to help!  Someone in another comment said it works with PDFs too Pretty much  Fair question—there's now a bee icon in the upper right hand corner of your browser window. Click it when reading a news article and the text will be colored. Use the settings to change the color scheme or to create your own "custom" scheme. Thanks for the explanation of your reading process! Overdrive is pretty easy to use, once you have a library card. Just check out a book and then open it in your browser using the Read Now button.

Calibre does convert PDFs really quickly, so it should be a pretty fast process. When using the BeeLine PDF converter, use Firefox for best results. It outputs a text PDF (which re-sharpens after you zoom, and is text-searchable), whereas Chrome/Safari spit out images of text, which is fine but not quite as sharp. Are you aware that Avast reports your plug-in as dangerous? Oh?  I read on their website it works with ebooks, but I don't see/understand how.  :/ Got it. Was not aware of that—we will contact them and take care of it. Thanks for letting us know! It is compatible with a specific eBook company's offering as noted on the page. Our friendly local library happens to use it. I forgot to mention that I'm using Firefox.  