Ritalin and digestion Tl;dr: used to get shaky from hunger as a (well-fed) child, but has subsided a lot as I've gotten older. Now on my 3rd day of Ritalin, and I've had severe bouts of hunger shakes 2 out of the 3 days. Anyone experienced this/have any advice?

Okay, so, I just recently started on meds (the many side effect horror stories I've been reading on here had put me off the idea for quite a while, but that's not the point). I was perscribed 20mg of Methylphenidate SR (the paper they gave me when they gave me with the bottle also called it Ritalin), to be taken once a day. I've been taking as perscribed.

I took my first dose on friday, but my toes turned white later that night, so I was told by the pharmacy to stop taking it until I could talk to the doctor on Monday. The color-changing feet in itself isn't a huge deal for me, as it happens all the time; the problem was that this time, I actually felt it, which doesn't usually happen when I'm just sitting on a recliner. My blood pressure was normal, though (I have naturally low blood pressure), so the doctor told me I could keep taking it, and I started back up yesterday.

Yesterday when I took it, I ended up eating breakfast 5 minutes later than I wanted to (so, I ate 50 minutes after taking it instead of the recommended 30-45). I ate the same breakfast I normally eat, which is gluten-free strawberry pop tart (yay, Celiac's!). I packed the same lunch I normally do, and ate it at the same time I always do on Tuesdays and Thursdays, around 11:30 (I have 4 classes in a row on those days, so I have to eat during class). My activity levels were the same as they always are on those days. Nothing really changed.

However, yesterday, around the time I normally eat lunch, I started getting much hungrier than normal. About 10 minutes later, I was so hungry I was literally shaking. This used to happen to me as a kid, when I would get too hungry, but it hasn't happened nearly as much now that I've gotten older. I wasn't starved or anything, it just sort of happened. My doctor at the time told me I had Hypoglycemia (don't remember being tested for it or anything, but my memory does suck, so...).

Anyway, I got shaky-hungry. I ate my lunch, but even after it should have started digesting, I was still very hungry, and was on the verge of shakiness for the next hour or so until I had an extra five minutes to get an applesauce from the campus food place and eat it. Thankfully, the class I ate that in let out early, so I was able to go back and get some protein in to stabilize a bit more. There was no issue after that.

Then, today, I started getting overly hungry again, shortly after my first class let out (around 10:20, as my MWF classes start earlier that my TTh classes). Thankfully, after the experience yesterday, I had packed an extra snack, so I was able to eat that while I drove to my Chiropractor appointment, and then eat my lunch when I got back to campus. Meals were the same today as they were yesterday. I'm doing better now, as I didn't get nearly as shaky as I did yesterday, but I'm still very hungry (hungrier than I should normally be at this time of day, having eaten the things I have). I'm going to get something from the vending machine nearby after I post this.

Now, my theory as to what could be causing this is as follows: Before I started meds, I noticed I would tend to get shaky if I had a super-big or complex breakfast (fruit *and* sausage *and* a piece of quiche, for instance). Whenever I ate a smaller, simpler breakfast (a pop tart or a beef/cheese stick, plus maybe a travel mug of tea or hot chocolate if I was feeling it), I didn't get shaky as often. So, I tended to stick to quick, grab-and-go type of breakfasts, or nothing at all.

After thinking about it, I came up with the theory that my digestive system might take a while to wake up in the morning, and so, whenever I ate a big, complex breakfast, it wasn't able to digest it fast enough, causing me to get shaky. However, when I ate the simple breakfast, it was easier for my still-sleepy digestive system to digest, and so it held me over easier. I haven't tested it or anything, but it makes sense to me.

Then, after yesterday and today, I came up with a theory that would explain the current issues, and fits nicely into my previous theory. By taking a stimulant in the morning, my digestive system wakes up faster. Thus, when I ate a sugary pop tart the past two mornings, it was digested much quicker than normal, and so it didn't hold me over nearly as long as it normally would have, causing me to get shaky. This also fits because, on Friday, I did not have a pop tart for breakfast, but a beef stick, which is mainly protein, not sugar, so it held me over long enough to get to lunch time with no issue.

Anyway, does this seem plausible, or am I crazy? Does anyone know what may actually be causing this problem? Does anyone have any advice?

I have a doctor's appointment on November 5th (which might actually be moved up, if I'm lucky), so I can talk about it then. I'm also planning on eating a beef stick for breakfast tomorrow, since I just ran out of pop tarts this morning, so I can test my theory (I'm still bringing extra snacks, just in case.

Sorry for the long post, I'm new to this whole "medication" thing, and I don't know what might be related and what might not be.

Have a nice day, everyone! Your theory makes sense to me.

The advice I’ve heard/read frequently since getting diagnosed is to have a big breakfast before taking meds (because you’ll probably have a suppressed appetite on the meds and you need calories) with lots of protein (to provide sustained energy).  Sip on a sugary drink throughout the day because our brains need glucose for dopamine production.

What I’ve personally noticed is that appetite suppression masks the desire to eat and cravings, so the physical symptoms of hunger are more pronounced.  Usually I would eat before I’d get physical hunger pains or stomach grumbling. Will pray for you my friend. Thanks, I'll definitely eat a better breakfast. I hadn't heard of the sugary drink thing, I'll have to try that. Normally I just drink water.

I actually haven't noticed any appetite suppression. My desire to eat was the same, and like I said, I haven't changed my eating habits, it's just that I got to that level of hunger a lot sooner than I should have. I had only eaten maybe 2 hours beforehand, and normally at that point I would just be starting to feel slightly hungry. To be shaking from hunger that soon was strange, and two days in a row tells me it's probably related.

Thanks for the advice! Thank you. I’m doing okay, now. What I mentioned in the post was the problem. 