Sometimes, when I'm reading, I feel like the pages don't like me. I have a form of synesthesia called ordinal linguistic personification, and I'm wondering if any of you also have this? Have is it affecting you? Reading is hard already. I might be reading for an exam and everything is going ok. Then suddenly, I feel like a certain chapter doesn't like me. I actually get a negative vibe from the pages. It makes it harder to read since I'm not only taking in the information, my brain is also focusing on how the pages feel about me. (I know, it's super weird and I don't get it myself). That's interesting. I wasn't familiar with that. I can imagine though how it adds another layer of difficulty.  I don't have that. I do however tend to treat objects as if they're living every once in awhile. I threw my alarm clock against the wall the other day, and it made a noise as if it was in pain. I still feel so ashamed for "abusing" it that I want to cry. I'm pretty sure I've apologized to it already. I know logically that it's not alive, but my emotions are doing their own thing. In terms of general synesthesia, I either have it mildly or I've outgrown it. Or maybe I'm making shit up, Idk.

Sorry that you struggle with that. It sounds stressful. :/ wait this is a thing??? i never knew this had a name!!!! i think i have this too! when i play the piano or guitar some chords are nicer than others. like the G chord for me is sweet but the F chord is rude and interruptive. it's also the same thing with numbers. like the number 7 is two faced and 4 is shy-ish. idk if this is linguistic personification or not tho.  holy shit pardon my response but that is hilarious. at least you cannot get bored while reading because you feel fear or other random emotions depending on what the letters think of you. :D

interesting that it has its own name, since it seems like paranoia or phobia which is usually fought by forcing it off longterm by willpower until it disappears.

does adhd medication help your case? is there any cure to it? maybe anxiety medications solve it, since it can be a strange type of "intrusive thoughts" which OCD people have. Would it help you to remind yourself that it's ok to be disliked? Nothing wrong with it! I'm pretty sure we all know people we don't like that you don't really know WHY you dislike them. They just poke your psyche funny and there's no control over you feeling that way. Whenever I run into people I don't care for like this, I just mentally shrug and carry on. Imagine those pages doing that, mentally paper-shrugging at this dislike it can't explain, then continuing on in its bookish ways.  This kind of helps when I'm with people I know don't like me. I just remind myself it might be beyond their control. I mean, who would actually choose to dislike me, I'm awesome, right? (Right?) Perhaps try writing down sentences in a notebook while you read. People memorise things easily after writing it down, after all. Doesn't have to be every sentence either. Just feel it out, and maybe pick a notebook/paper/pen that you really enjoy. I don't think the pages have feelings about me, but I certainly get feelings about pages. On a first read of something I must read through but if I'm re-reading a favorite I'll skip some pages because I feel a bad vibe. When studying there are pages that are jarring to force myself to read. It's a habit I'd noticed but never really thought someone else might feel similarly.  I sometimes have trouble writing numbers, even though I love math. They look like faces to me, especially 5's. If I don't write them perfectly, they look weird, and sometimes I imagine they are evil or creepy, or sad or hurting or something, so I erase them and fix them until they look like they're supposed to look. Like the 5 will have the top slanted down like it's frowning, or the 9 will be too squashed-looking and look kinda sneaky. I worry that they will be offended if I don't put them in the right places as well.
I don't have anywhere near as much trouble with letters. Letters aren't people, they're just things. I have no idea when numbers started to have personalities; it seems like it's been like this my whole life. I could go on about my special math powers, but I already sound like a complete kook, so I'll just stop. How is this related to r/adhd?? It's unconscious most of the time, but even so, my brain is still focusing on the personification and not only on what I'm reading. So, I think that this unconscious task my brain is doing is preventing me from focusing properly, even though I might not notice it. I mean, my brain isn't just absorbing each word, it's actively categorizing each one of them. I'm not sure, but I think it could possibly affect m working memory. Aaww... I actually relate to that as well. When I was younger I used to talk to electronic devices in my house. They all had genders. My laptop was female and my phone was male. Of course, I knew they were only objects. It's totally related to the personification thing though... Most objects have genders too, but not personalities. YES. This is a thing! It's so weird! I also used to play the piano, the chords have genders too. You should look it up, it sounds like you have it to me. Interesting. I really like 7 but I guess I could agree about 4.  I know, I laugh at it myself. It's not a disorder or anything. It's just a phenomenon that's not that uncommon. I've had it all my life and it doesn't really bother me, except for when I'm reading. Sometimes the pages like me, most times there's no feedback.

 But the thing is that my brain is actively focusing on the personification of the words, numbers, pages etc. instead of just focusing on the context of what I'm reading. I think it affects the amount of information I'm able to take away from what I read. 

It's independent of mental illness. There are many forms of it. Some people taste sound, see colors when they hear music, see letters in certain colors etc. 

In my case, words, months and days, letters and numbers have gender and personality. The number 5 is a young woman, 20-ish, down to earth, kind, responsible and cheerful. This is not something I decide or come up with, my brain just has some weird connections. I'm perfectly fine with being disliked. I like myself and I'm very happy with who I am. When someone doesn't like me, that simply means that they're not the type of person I'm a fan of anyway. I'm very confident and have a healthy self-esteem. 

I can't believe I'm talking about pages not liking me hahah. It sounds so ridiculous. But yeah, I sometimes have to stop mid text: "really? You're hurrying through the chapter because it doesn't like you? Really??". I'm wondering if this is common in people with ADHD, and if people with ADHD are able to use it as an advantage for example. Our brains work differently than non-ADHD people. Therefore, I'm curious about what other things might be linked to ADHD. Also, this is something that sometimes makes it harder for me to read. It's nice to find someone else who has the same thing, and how it affects their ADHD.  Yeah, it seems we tend to have additional brain stuff going on! I may be way off base here, and I absolutely do not doubt that it makes things harder for you, but I'm also wondering if you couldn't find a way to harness it retain information and "store it" in a way that helps you memorize and understand stuff. I remember reading that some people with synesthesia affecting numbers and colors reported that it was helping them with math (I don't remember exactly how). 

I only have a very mild form of synesthesia. It only seems to affect months and time... There's a name for it, I don't remember it. Basically, in my mind, when I hear/read/think of a month, it actually has a physical position in relation to the other months. The kind on  "calendar representation" I see is unlike any other I've ever seen. The point is, it seems to help me with my notion of time as for me, there's an actual physical representation for it. 

I also know that a lot of people who are good at memorizing things use differents techniques that usually imply tying the data you want to remember to an image, a smell, etc. Have you tried "tying" the data on the page to the feeling this page gives you? 

I mean, it my might be completely ridiculous to you and quite not doable, I'm really just speculating! To be fair, it seems to be common to gender inanimate objects. Ships used to be called she. Countries are referred to as motherland or fatherland. We have mother earth and father time. It actually seems to affect how people view the world, depending on their language. well you do definitely come up with it, but it is involuntary.

fascinating.

i dont think people who see colors from music actually see them, i think they are more like "reminded" of colours from the music. or reminded of letters in certain colours. it is all stereotypical assumptions the brain generally makes on a daily basis. probably the same part of brain which makes someone a racist. it happens like this: experience->patterns->stereotypes->racism.

your "phenomenon" might be the same. you desperately want to stereotype the words. you find patterns like this number is usually "young" or "kind" in the context. they dont have to be true, the brain finds patterns IN EVERYTHING. you ofc involuntarily memorize the patterns which fits their "personality". 

it is a memory technique to give something to the words you are trying to remember (like shape or color) it makes it more easy. maybe it started like that in the beginning. funny little attribute. i think it has to be OCD.

unless it is hindering you in any way, it is just a nice quirk. if it hinders you in any way, trying to understand it imo helps a lot. i had some similar OCD things(counting every word if the number of letters are divisible by 3 or some other OCD-like things) so i have a little experience in this, but im not a doctor so im only guessing. I'm glad you don't need to worry about that! And don't feel ridiculous, I've heard about things like what you have, I can't help with it, but it's fascinating to hear from someone who has to deal with it. Hey again! I just remember something (and then went to look for an article). It seems that "more than 40% of synaesthetes have a first-degree relative – a parent, sibling or offspring – who also has synaesthesia, and families often contain multiple synaesthetes". 
(http://scienceblogs.com/neurophilosophy/2009/02/05/synaesthesia-the-neurological-condition-in/)

Have you asked around in your family? Maybe someone else has it and can help you overcoming the difficulties it's causing you. Sounds like spatio-temporal synesthesia. I experience the same as you. It's more common than people think. I've just recently started trying to figure out how I can use this to my advantage. I don't really think that my type is of much use. People who see numbers or letters in color, or have a type of mental map with organized numbers, days, months etc, are usually able to use it as an advantage. But who knows, maybe I'll be able to use it in some way.  I think there is a sense in which many of us can identify with the idea of synesthesia, to where we can imagine what the color and shape of a sound would be... But there have actually been studies to show that people with real synesthesia appear to really honestly see things differently, or hear things differently, or whatever their form is.

For instance, on a search task, where you have to find the one Q in the middle of a bunch of Os, if the synesthete has two very distinct colors for those letters, they can find that Q so much faster than a typical person who does not have synesthesia. Or with things like the Stroop task (where you have to say the color of the word, not say the colorword that is typed out -- and when they conflict, people are slower), it actually interferes with how fast they go.

In other words, I think with the rare and complete cases of synesthesia, it is involuntary and does not require conscious perception of what they're looking at. They don't have to go "Is that a Q? Oh, I am thinking of purple." It is like the purple is applied pre-consciously, from what I understand!

I am not 100% positive but I am pretty sure it goes beyond being reminded of colors :)  This is a known form of synesthesia, though. There are people who actually do see colors when they hear music, or do see letters in certain colors, or get a taste in their mouth when hearing sounds or words.

 It's because of neural connections in the brain. The stimulation of one sensory or cognitive pathway leads to automatic, involuntary experiences in a second sensory or cognitive pathway.

 I've had this all my life.  I didn't realize that other people didn't have it until about a year ago. The genders and personalities of the numbers and letters have been the same my entire life. I could see a new letter for the first time and I will still sense the gender. I don't have OCD. I don't see how I could memorize the gender of every word out there.  I actually do have sound->color synesthesia, and I do actually see the colors. It's not super intense, more like a thin film of color, but it is distinctly there. The more sounds in range, the more colorful and varied the film (and the bigger it is - it's not like my whole vision goes one color or another).

Honestly, for most of my life I thought it was normal and everyone had it, and it only rarely interferes with how I see things. Tasting color is a bit more frustrating, but again, mild enough that it doesn't interfere with my life (or eating - though I avoid blander foods, so I can actually taste the food I'm eating).

Explaining what this is like to people, though - turning what I experience into actual words that someone who doesn't experience this can really, truly grasp - is next to impossible. It's not surprising it's so poorly researched and understood. (Also, it's nothing to do with OCD, in my experience. I don't hear a sound and feel I have to think a color. The sound and the color exist in the same moment.) stop. go google synesthesia Huh, interesting! I didn't know that. Thanks!  You say words/letters/days/months etc have gender have a personality. Let's say you need to memorize a list of words, if you concentrated on memorizing them with their personnality, wouldn't it make it easier?  wow that would be crazily interesting if it is like that. although it has many contradictions then with other areas so it is harder for me to believe. but the tests having these results are interesting nonetheless, i will study it later (unless as a good adhd person i will forget it! :D).

thanks for your input >I don't see how I could memorize the gender of every word out there.

indeed seems impossible. unless you are like half the population in the world where in the language words DO have genders :D (german for example)

OCD is not even close to how they portray it in movies. actual usual OCD is in thoughts. im not saying you have it, i was/am just guessing.

>I could see a new letter for the first time and I will still sense the gender.

that is still within my "theory", after the pattern recognition, you have a stereotype. that stereotype is now valid for everything. if you see a new letter you make it resemble to a different known letter instantly in your brain, and you will think of it as a similar gender. or by making involuntary stereotypical rules how it has to look to be considered female. (for example: more curly)

so seeing new letters is no problem determining the gender, you already have your learned set of rules and stereotypes to help you with that instantly. so strange and fascinating at the same time. well proves how wonderful the brain is. i thought i had a good model on how the brain is working but i have to rethink/research many things. 

thanks for describing your experience! google bible, doesn't make it true. it is actually stupid.

you dont google these things but find scientific experiments about it, and there are practically none. only hipotheses Never thought about that... That's true. I'm definitively gonna try that. I should note that only letters and numbers have personality, words only have gender. Thanks! Haha, I just closed a tab earlier where I was going to look up articles that discuss it :P 

I narrowed my search a bit, and there is this one: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24269938 which is mentioning the Stroop results! I am not sure exactly what the color looks like -- I do think it isn't absolute and vivid in the same way that the real world is, but I do think it is inescapable and automatic in a way that imagination isn't.

But yeah, it is all really interesting! If only there were endless time in the world! :) Oh ok, I see. Well, actually I'm Icelandic, so every word here does gender. But the grammar is in no way consistent with what I "sense".  But yeah, I mean, there's not much known about this type of synesthesia or how it works. 

I've been with a psychiatrist for years, I'm also pretty educated on OCD hehe, so I know it's nothing like in the movies. Neither I or my psychiatrist think I have OCD. But there might be some similarities, there's much we don't know yet. Some things may be more connected than we think.

The pattern recognition might very well have something to do with it. It makes sense. You're welcome! We're only just beginning to really figure out how the brain works, so it's no surprise we have to keep heading back to the drawing board. :) Have you used [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&q=synesthesia&btnG=&as_sdt=1%2C24&as_sdtp=) at all? You may have better luck finding peer reviewed articles with more in-depth studies there. yeah I always forget about it, thanks for reminding me i will give it a try. No problem! It's not as highly mentioned, so it's easy to forget. 