Any tips for maintaining focus through several hours consecutive lectures? I'm a third year university student, and normally when planning my schedule I try to leave my self some breaks between classes to replenish. Unfortunately, this semester I ended up with 2 five-hour straight blocks of classes a week, and by about hour two I'm barely absorbing anything. 

Any tricks to refocus myself in class? 

Also I'm ADHD-PI, so sitting still is less of an issue, mostly just paying attention to the content. [deleted] Holy cow, that's a long block of lectures! I have the same problem too and if the lecture was in a dark room with a projector, I'd often doze off if I wasn't careful. Trying to take detailed notes (sometimes fixing my messy handwriting during a lull in the lecture) sometimes helped for me, just something for me to focus on doing so I wasn't passively listening. 

Since the lectures are pretty long, would the professor give a short break half way through or any thing like that? Those aways made a big difference for me, even if I just got up and walked for five minutes in the hallway. 

I hope someone else is able to give you some good advice, sorry I didn't have much to offer. Good luck with your classes! You are going to need something with which to fidget. Finger toys or something.  Record, bring a snack, get up and walk around whenever you can, and get a set of colored pens or pencils to use to take notes.  Color coding what you are writing makes you not only copy down what you are hearing, but think about what category the information fits into and how it relates to the other course material.  

Plus if you just run out of steam you can doodle and then take notes from the recording later.

EDIT: It tends to be easier for me to focus on more complex tasks, so if I complicate note taking by color coding it works better for me. When I was kid I used to doodle all of my notes. It was the only way to make things work for me during long days. 

Good news is I mostly now longer have to do it since most of my schooling and allow my work is hands on. I could never by that many notebooks again.. Same position as you, third year uni this year. Although I don't have 5 hour lessons. That sounds tough. What course is it? Take a recorder with you.


Also, have you contacted the disability support team at your university? I get quite a lot of benefits. 25% extra time at exams, clocks stopped for exam breaks, my own exam room, a free laptop with special software for note recording, as well as a high quality microphone to upload the recorded lecture to the notes to link and highlight relevant info. No help here...I got hyper - focused on the lectures... Lectures were heaven... Having made it through seven years or interesting and not-so-interesting lectures through the course of my undergraduate and graduate studies, the best advice I can give you is to make sure your blood sugar levels are stable (bring along a snack if you need to, or have something between sessions), make sure you are adequately awake to begin with (if you're tired, look to natural supplements like Ashwaganda, CoQ10, Gingo Biloba to boost your energy without caffeine), and look into using essential oils like Rosemary, Sandalwood, Vetiver and Patchouli to help tune you in and assist with focus. I make a blend of oils for my own use containing vetiver, rosemary, lime, black pepper (for alertness), Ylang Ylang and Clary Sage (for hormonal clarity) and I find it helps me to tune in and focus whenever I have a long project to concentrate on, and if I'm trying to stay focused on driving on a long road trip, then I use Peppermint and an energy supplement (no, not 5 hour energy, that stuff is crap in a bottle) to help me stay awake. Hope this helps!
 Definitely this. A recorder would allow you to revisit what you missed. You can still try taking notes though and use it to fill in the gaps. My therapist suggest this as well,  I think it was a 15 min break every hour, witha recorder recording stuff during that time. Another patient of his did this and it worked really well for him.  I do this for all of my classes. 10/10 would recommend. 