Vyvanse users: trying to understand the onset of medication. So I've noticed a pattern in my behavior in the mornings after taking vyvanse. Mainly for two hours afterward I have maybe ten or so ideas of things I'd like to do but i tend to feel slightly overwhelmed (even if the tasks are small) because I don't know which one to do first and I worry I'll forget. Then, two hours later I'm totally calm, organized and able to complete everything fairly easily. Everything is very very calm and...quiet. So much so that I wonder how it was ever any different two hours ago. So my question is, is that two hour gap unmedicated me or is it the medication slamming me? Id like to know so I could decrease it if necessary. Thank you! I don't know if Vyvanse has IR or XR variations, but for me it's like this (and I just eat the powder, don't judge lol):

30min-1hr after: WOOO. Fuck yeah! UNCE UNCE UCNE.

2hr after: Indubitably. I do concur with your observations.

4hr or so after: The crash, with some remaining elevated cognitive ability. Slightly crappy feeling, not too bad.

40mg BTW Vyvanse starts working in about 2 hours but the dose that is working is very small, it is fully working about 3 hours in.

This is the plasma curve for vyvanse

http://www.secinfo.com/DB/SEC/2006-000/1140/361-0095/39-013.jpg

NRP104 was the codename for vyvanse before it was approved.  Each of those Dots, Squares, Trianglex, Xs, etc are 1 hour marks.  Notice the Red one which is not Vyvanse but Amphetamine obtains the vast majority of its height only 2 hours in and obtains maximum height about 3 hours in and the change between 0 to 1 is significant.

Compare that to the white/gray curve, yellow curve, and dark blue/purple curve (I am color blind and they picked colors I struggle with so they may be off), notice it is not until hour 2 where Vyvanse starts to kick in and hour 3 its much better and hour 4 is usually where it peaks instead of hour 3.  This is because of the slow onset and slow offset of Vyvanse compared to Amphetamine.

Now hour 3 and hour 12ish are similar but your body notices when something is decline vs increasing with enhancing dopamine and thus the "withdrawal" is not the same as the increase up.

----

Talk to your doctor for the body chemistry on which of the dopamine receptors and which of the norepinephrine receptors and various enzymes and such that are connected to dopamine and norepinephrine are different in everyone you may feel more anxiety for the energy and alertness functions kick in prior to the self control aspects of the med.  The doctor may be able to do something with using two meds instead of 1 (though very similar meds that work together as a team), or various dosages with 1 med to help even this out. Vyvanse is all "XR", it's supposed to last all day, taken on the morning  Lol I was on Vyvanse 50mg and you couldn't have explained it any better.  Still laughing at the Unce,Unce,Unce Hahahah I absolutely love your examples. I was recently looking at plasma concentration profiles for various ADHD meds.  

Isn't it funny that it's quite difficult to find multi-dose profiles over several days. I would have thought that information to be quite valuable in managing the medications, given that people take daily doses and many of these drugs don't completely leave the system for 24 hours, even more so when people take boosters. I still have a good heart rate going after what I call the crash, though. But the cognitive benefits to energy ratio is kinda disproportionate. I wanna find something with less side effects. What's this unce joke? Honestly, as someone who's tried out other stuff you should know you probably won't find something with less side effects. Adderall XR is a bitch, but I feel your pain - vyvanse lasts no where near what it claims it will. I suggest nicotine for the comedown and protein shakes with your dose. The only other options would probably be an anti depressant. Look at [–]FlacOrGtfo reply at the top of the post What about Desoxyn? I hear it is the silver bullet. Yeah I saw that first. Is this like an acronym? What I am missing? Yeah doctors prescribe meth all the time these days Its a joke. It stands for nothing. Its like Unce,Unce,Unce Glowstick party. Think of it as something you do at the club.  Oh my god I couldn't imagine what my family would think if I were taking that. "This drug changes my life!" Family: "SPEED FREAK!" Crap. So obvious. I blame the ADHD.  lol 