I am a mother of an ADHD child (7 yo) and i would love to hear some advice, input, and experiences that will help me understand. We thought her behavior was just the "kids will be kids", typical first assumption. Now as first grade is ending, observing her behavior and getting her diagnosis, everything makes sense.

But holy shit. She is a roller coaster. 

Before meds (Vyvanse) she was unfocused, easily excitable and incredibly over emotional. She started medication on Thursday, and today (Monday) she is of the charts emotional and unusually angry. 

Discipline was hard before because we had a hard time differentiating between bad behavior or adhd behavior and didn't want to punish her for something that wasn't her fault. The third day on her medication we started to see a difference: she was a bit more calm and she was able to sit down and color a picture and actually complete it. She was hyperfocused and stayed in the lines and everything. 

Today and yesterday, knowing that she is easily frustrated without medication, he has been super angry and irritable- more so than usual. 

Has anyone experienced an increase in aggression and/or irritably in yourself or others while taking Vyvanse?

To clarify, it has been less than a week so things may change, but I worry about my baby. 
 In my opinion, it’s a tradeoff and you have to weigh the pros and cons. 

As a woman who was diagnosed with ADHD as a 26 year old, and thus experienced those confusing and often frightening outbursts of frustration from caretakers (mum/dad, teachers, etc) because of inappropriate behavior, and later as an adult to be made fun of at work, but thrived in the excitement and creativity of hyperactivity in sports and academia (only when it was interesting and challenging), I know that it’s frustrating for everyone involved when your ADD an unmedicated.

Now as a medicated adult, it’s the same choice. Take my full dose and be productive in a way that I never thought possible for me, but then spun-up and be in my head with racing thoughts at the end of the day. Or less productive, but easier to be me, funny, easy going and be around.

It requires coping skills and the ability to know oneself on adhd meds, which is challenging at any age and probably more so for a little kid! Vyvanse is a stimulant. Most medication for ADHD is - the goal is to stimulate underactive portions of the brain to achieve balance. It's possible to overmedicate, especially with such a young child, so definitely call the doctor to talk about an adjustment. Also consider that your daughter does not live in a vacuum. Children are sensitive to the emotional state of their house, and if your daughter senses that her parents are frustrated, especially with her, she will feel that same tension and frustration, as well as shame. At 7, she knows how different she is. And that she has to take meds that make her feel weird because she can't behave rightly enough? She knows. 

Or maybe there's something else entirely going on in her life, something that might suddenly change her behavior and make her really angry. She's not suddenly scared around any adults she knows, is she? I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/adhdmeds] [(cross-post) mother of an ADHD child -struggling with diagnosis and medication.](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHDmeds/comments/8mu4mw/crosspost_mother_of_an_adhd_child_struggling_with/)

&nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))* I'm only 14 y/o, and have been taking Vyvanse for just over 3 months now. The first few days of taking medication were much different, as my brain reacted negatively to the medication, Ex: Nausea, Arrhythmia \(almost passed out walking to another class,\) etc.

 After that, I found that I become very irritated and angry even at small things, including conversation that's just a little too loud.

 Overall, Vyvanse has changed my work ethic, and people have started to find me less serious, because I respect authority, and am the "Good Kid," even though getting assignments in on time is incredibly difficult.

 I've found social situations much easier to deal with on medication, especially since my mind completely sidetracks from the conversation I'm in, or listening to, or my inability to wait for people to finish what they speak, usually when an important thought randomly appears in my mind.

It's baffling that I've taken Vyvanse for 3 months now, and it feels like it was just prescribed to me.

Hopefully medication works out for your child in years to come! [deleted] [deleted] A few pieces of advice, based entirely on my experience as a kid that was medicated: 

Track her mood. Keep a journal if necessary, and record any major episodes as well as things like how much she slept and ate. Often meds cover up your appetite enough that you genuinely don't know you're hungry until you get irritable or tired. Feel free to talk to your doctor, but it may come down to making sure she's eating even when she's not hungry. 

Try to talk to her about how meds make her feel. She's seven so maybe it's not the time to give her full control of her meds, but as a 22 year old who was over medicated in elementary school, I wish my parents had done more to help me express how I felt. If they had I probably would have been on a lower dose.

Remember that knowing what behaviors are ADHD and which are just misbehaving is hard for adults with ADHD. You won't always know the difference and that's Okay. If you're trying to understand as hard as this post makes it seem, then you're already on the right path.  Awesome. Thanks so much. I think I will keep record. Thanks. I definitely understand that. Many things my daughter is going through reminds me of myself when I was her age. This is the first med we have tried so hopefully we find a balance soon.
 Yesterday for example, I asked her "do you have any idea why you were so cranky earlier? Why were you so frustrated and upset and yelling alot?"

She said "I don't know. I got sleep last night. I took a nap and ate food. I just don't know. Weird right?"

I've been reading books and trying to talk to her differently to, more suggestive vs. demanding. 

I'm hopeful, I just worry and want her to be happy and healthy.  Thanks ❤️ Thank you! I love Pinterest! Making lists definitely helps. I have my own mental disorders too, so making lists works well for both of us. 

Trying to stick to routines and stuff has been difficult for her, but I'm hoping with the aid of medication that she can form habits that will stick with her for a long time.  