Is obsession a part of ADHD? A lot of the times I will think of something, a new idea or something I see, sometimes really trivial things like what hair color I want or something like career options, or something random like how the body metabolizes protein or the types of ocean creatures and then I will research the shit out of it because I get obsessed with it, basically. During this time I don’t put as much effort into other stuff like school work and even friends because I’m so invested in learning all I can about this thing, and even though I know it’s not true, other stuff doesn’t seem as important. Family before have called me very fickle because I’m always interested in different things. Or my mom will be like um, you’re almost obsessed with this thing you know. Cause then I love to talk about what I learned. Lol but then a couple weeks later I move on and forget a lot about the subject.  This happens to me all the time... Ironically right now I'm hyperfixated on learning more about ADHD. Lol I have this all the time.

Sometimes its a game sometimes its working out
Last month it was cryptocurrency now its Muy Thai which I recently had my first lesson in.
One day I was focussed on huskies. Legit researched huskies the whole day. Yes, it’s called hyperfixation. If you want to read more about it there’s plenty of resources online. It *is* ADHD, haha :) I obsess often about random stuff, too. Sometimes it lasts for hours, other times it lasts for weeks or months. But it doesn’t last long enough for me to become an expert in something, which sucks. Happens all the time. But if you don't make an effort and take a break once in a while, you'll keep burning yourself out on the subject matter. Maybe dedicate a few days a week to it and other days to something else. Make a game of it. Pretend that it's different aspects of the same philosophy. There is nothing wrong with your current behavior. This is the fundamental source of the condition. Your brain is dopamine deprived for either lack of production or uptake (not sure if same in all case of ADHD but I believe production is the main issue) and novel experiences or discoveries trigger dopamine release. It’s not as noticeable to you now bc you’re in school so every day you’re doing a lot of new stuff but wait until you hit the work world and things get very boring. You’ll find yourself scouring the web over useless bullshit but it’s new so it will grab your attention while something more boring but more important (like your taxes) go untouched.

But yeah, this is the double-edged sword of ADHD. We can be voracious researchers but right as we get to the point where we’re starting to learn the thing really well, we begin to fall off because now we know about it and it’s not new.

One of the classic symptoms is starting lots of products, getting off to a good start, and then ditching them for something else. It sure is, and I do it all the time. I'm not sure if the internet helps or makes it worse. When I was a kid you either had to beg mom to drive you to the library/bookstore or wait 20 minutes for Ask Jeeves to pull up some unreadable late 90's website. Now I can wonder about some random thing, look it up on my phone, and research the shit out of it for days. Definitely. I actually hate it when I don't have anything to obsess over, because then I'm bored 24/7. Lmao. "Or something really random like how the body metabolizes protein". I feel this so hard. 

I will read tons of articles on something I am super interested in, like microeconomics, brain synapses, gravitational waves, or kabbalah....until I'm not interested anymore. And then I find something else to obsess over. Rinse and repeat.  Oh yeah, it happens to me all the time. It's really freaky now that I think about it. One moment I'm studying french, then I'm researching the hell out of greek mythology.

Sometimes I hyper focus so hard that I won't eat for almost an entire day (｡ŏ﹏ŏ) I do the same thing. Except I never retain any information from it, so I can’t talk about it. 😅 Yeah, I get this but mostly for video games. I'll play hours a day and always be googling stuff about the game. At some points I'll literally be dreaming about it. And then I'll hit a wall in the game and just stop playing it and move onto something else, just like that If this reditor isn't the bossest ever, than my Name isn't Dad I feel this way on adderall. Without medication I don't care about learning anything. Story of my life Yes, I'm constantly moving from obsession to obsession. 
I quite like it though, it expands my knowledge base way further then what a normal person mostly knows about said subject.
It has also made me quite a lot of money in different ventures as well. 
Wouldn't trade it for the world. Lol same 😩 This happened to me when I first was diagnosed and found this sub!!  SAME! Doing audiobooks and scouring websites. I have my reevaluation in less than a month. Same here...day 5 now. 😂😭  I always get like it with games. When I'm not playing them and doing stuff with the fiancé and/or daughter I will constantly have an urge to just go and play. Yo. What the fuck. Same with the muay thai  Lol, irony.

But yeah, you’re dopamine-seeking through novel experiences. I wrote a longer post about it in the this thread, but it’s essentially the core piece of ADD and it is a double-edged sword because it makes us great researchers but we’re terrible at following through because as soon as we eat up all the beginning and middle parts of a topic or project, the novelty has worn off and now it’s just work and we drop it to find something new to get us high and get our dopamine levels up.  Yup  This is key. Especially when you end up wasting money trying hobbies just to quit them weeks later. Personally, gardening has been key for me. Its never ending in terms of learning/scope, but it is also something that requires patience (but not too much). As much as i want to have tomatoes the day after i plant them, i have to wait.  bad bot LOL 😂 I’m so happy for reddit and sub. I actually got into reddit for Far Cry 5 (I got obsessed with the story and Greg Bryk’s acting) and then I found my family of ADHD brains. ...and now I’m obsessed with researching ADHD. Oops

So glad to have found you all 🖤🤗 Love this! I signed up specifically for ADHD and now have so many other communities on here! I was always so confused by reddit before now 😂 so glad.  