Random Thoughts: My Experience With ADHD And How It Affected Law School And Bar Exam Prep. I was diagnosed with ADHD during my second year of law school. A few weeks ago, I heard the best description of how my mind works. It is as if there are ten flatscreen monitors playing different documentaries in my mind's eye and each of them is on a different channel at different volumes. There is a single, 60-inch monitor at the forefront of my mind's eye that is playing the topic I am thinking about at the present moment, but all of the topics on the other screens are trying to broadcast to the main screen. As the main-screen thought is playing on the main screen, the smaller screens sometimes switch to a topic within the topic of the main screen.

To illustrate this point: I will see an article on the rising prices of airfare. I will start thinking about all of the factors affecting the prices of airfare: supply and demand of tickets; long-term weather and its effect on schedules and flight times; fuel prices; average weight loads of aircraft; profitability of other routes for any given airline, etc. Each one of these subtopics can draw me down another, what I like to call, Wormhole. For instance, I may focus on fuel prices; which leads to thoughts on supply and demand; the process of refining crude oil into jet fuel; the process of shipping oil from the oil field to the refinery; the pipeline industry; the shipping industry. This leads to thoughts on oil production and how is the production and exploration industry doing. What is the current process of well-bore intervention? What are the benefits of tooling/fishing?

As you can imagine, always having all of these thoughts can wreak havoc on maintaining productivity and it is something I fight all waking hours of the day. It makes it very difficult to prepare for my upcoming bar exam. Does this illustration ring true for anyone else?

TL;DR: In my mind's eye, there are ten flat screen monitors with each monitor having a different Wikipedia page opened. My day is spent reading through each Wikipedia page and clicking on each hyperlink, taking me down other wormholes.  You have described my life’s struggles. I’m 26 and was only diagnosed with ADHD-C three months ago.  This. Is. So. Accurate. Sometimes I can deal with it and other times I’m off in la la land and can’t sit still. Bar prep was the worst for me and I don’t know how I studied. It was so disjointed. Like, 25 minutes of one topic and I was antsy and thinking about other topics and ages. Or I would end up staring at one spot on a page for too long not comprehending a blessed thing. Somehow I passed first go of it, but idk how, really. That was law school in a nutshell, too. The only way I got through reading cases was by taking hand written notes and color coding everything. My outlines looked like a coloring book and my friends thought I was a writing some psycho manifesto, but it helped organize my thoughts.  Oh god yes. The book "I always want to be where I'm not" also describes it well. 

I have studied history, psychology and philosophy, and currently mathematics and computer science. I often find a way to relate some detail of something to all of them, and here we go into the wormhole. 

I know I could do a lot better if I just did what I'm supposed to do, instead of getting fascinated by all the irrelevant details. Like, I might forget a theorem, but I know where the mathematician lived... And I wonder about his personality, and I put him into a historical context to see how he lived, and how awful it was to do anything in the 1800... And then I think about mathematics, and analytic philosophy and how they relate to computer science and before you know it I'm reading about the movie the matrix. 