Parenting an Adhd kid, with adhd myself She does not even have basic habits -like brushing teeth when she wakes up. The sad part is neither do I. I do however have an issue with needing showers to wake up/warm up, which is when my tooth brushing gets done.

Anyway- the issue is what are the things a child needs to know before they are an adult ? Basic things....complex things.

These ideas for teaching here things that she needs to known, does not come automatically to me. I need a checklist of what to teach her. She is 8
1. brushing teeth
2. cutting nails
3. combing hair
4. showering
5. doing laundry (seperate steps)
6. doing dishes (I need a refresher on this - if someone can break it out )
7. trimming nails
8. looking at watch to check time before 
9. going to the bathroom when its time or regularly

I will likely end up with 1000s of items on that list. That is way better than what I have now- an empty mind. 

Edit: is there some list of skills they need by age - that you all would not mind sharing ?
 I have a 9 year old son with ADHD and I suffer from it as well. We use a lot of strategies; I can list some things but it's important to implement things slowly but consistently so that you both don't get overwhelmed and discouraged. Try one thing first and once that's established work on something else.

I'd start with establishing a morning routine. Truly think about how long each task (eating, brushing teeth, hair, clothes, pack up, etc) will take her and use a visual schedule coupled wth a timer to get through them. You may even download an app like 'Brili' that will guide her through a morning routine with audio notices when time is nearly up for each task.

Do the same thing for yourself. Show her that you are following a morning schedule as well and celebrate your successes.

When we first established our routine, we used a simple piece of paper that had 7 circles for the 7 days in a week. When we both did our morning routine, we'd color in a circle. At the end of adhering to it for a week, all the circles were colored in, and we celebrated with ice cream.

I could go on and on, but another thing to consider is dx and medication. Has she been diagnosed, have you? Are you both taking medication? Is she receiving the proper accommodations at school with regards to a 504 (that's actually being implemented) or an IEP? If she is suffering at home, I imagine that school is tough as well. 

I know how tough it is to have ADHD and parent a child with it. I can't tell you how many good intentions/poor execution instances we had before we were officially diagnosed. The cool thing is that we can relate to each other so much and we both just 'get it'. It's great that you're starting to teach her skills that she'll need. Take it slow, but be consistent. Good luck!


 Since ADHD is often hereditary, maybe one of your parents has some good advice on how they raised you. I think an important skill you can teach her is time management/time estimation. My experience is that people with ADHD are way off on estimating  how long it takes to do things. 

Example: It is 7 am, you need to leave the house by 8 and you need to eat breakfast, shower, get dressed, pack lunch, walk the dog and make the bed. Is it really feasible that all those things will be done in a single hour? 

It could be a game for you two: "How long do you think it takes to brush teeth/load the dishwasher/clean out your backpack/eat dinner?" Then actually time it. Time everything: how long it takes to get places, how long a trip to the drugstore takes, how long it takes to do simple chores, grooming. She'll learn to connect the activity with the concept of time and maybe it will make her a little more efficient?

She's really young and can learn some good skills now. Maybe teach her to make lists, break things into steps like you said.  [deleted] I think having visual routines is important. My kids are 4 and 5, both started preschool a week ago. We have morning and evening routines with images on the wall and I ask them what is next on their routine when we are doing them. I also have visual rules and a rainbow of what to do when there's a conflict. 

Visual reminders are really the best in our home.

Also, try not to do checklists of what she needs to learn. If you have your routine and what you need to do, includes her in your daily routines and she will gradually learn how to do these stuff. Don't pressure yourself about what she must learn at home. Just prepare routines for both of you and reminde her to her routine, and when you do tasks you want her to do includes her. Keep it natural. :) Also, [here's a list of tasks a kid can do depending of their age](http://www.focusonthefamily.com/parenting/parenting-challenges/motivating-kids-to-clean-up/age-appropriate-chores).  Sadly, they are both gone. Dad died while I was in my early teens... it was tough. I got by because life was much more structured than in the US and I was just expected to keep my grades up... thankyou! 