Took WAIS-IV and other tests today... Can't stop thinking about it I took the diagnostic tests for ADHD today - the WAIS-IV, a personality test, an attention test where you couldn't hit the spacebar after an **X** showed and then a sorting game with numbers, shapes and colors.

I know that whatever the outcome of this test, it will be good for me. It's a data point. But of course I'm looking it up, and seeing how ADHD is diagnosed using the iq test and it's all about low processing speed and low working memory.

Low working memory is exceedingly clear for me. I cannot hold an entire phone number in my head at once. I cannot do mental math despite me having a mechanical engineering degree with a math minor. 

But I have a super high processing speed, to the point where the proctor was seriously amazed at how fast I did the symbol search - I had one more to go before the time ran out. That's just always something I've been able to do.

So now of course I'm freaking out because this means there's no way I have adhd and this was all for nothing. But even if I don't have ADHD, I am still learning something super valuable here and hopefully it'll help me going forward... I keep telling myself.

What were your experiences when taking diagnostic tests? Did you feel like you knew that the test was going to show or not show you had ADHD?

We discuss my results on Friday, so it's really not a long time to wait at all. I just can't stop thinking about it.  I’m a psychologist and I give the WAIS-IV and CPT-3 (the one with the space bar and X’s), among many other tests. Sooo much more goes into a diagnosis of ADHD than just someone’s processing speed. I’ve had clients who performed similar to you, but I still diagnosed them with ADHD. It’s the doctor’s job to take everything into account. It’s like putting together a puzzle. Hang in there! Ill be taking my test within the next week or so (going in for the first meeting tomorrow) and ive also been agonizing over how the test will go, will it actually show what I already know about myself? Will the inattentive aspect show in tests like these? Etc.

Im glad im not the only one thinking this way and a comment below already made me feel better and more hopeful about it. Good luck with your results :) I scored well above average on the digit substitution test, but the psychologist diagnosed me with ADHD.  He said that one of the reasons he diagnosed me was the way I acted through the test and my life story.   I’m taking these tests (or some variation thereof) tomorrow, so I don’t have anything too useful to add other than I can sympathize with your anxiety. Best of luck to you! Firstly, thanks for sharing your experiences on this subreddit Kestrel, I've been following along as I've been doing research and going through my own diagnostic process.   I'm a mechanical engineer too and trying to fix what's wrong with me before I get fired. 

I finally got my results of the neuropsych testing today (was mostly WAIS plus a very long true-false questionnaire about all kinds of mental health things) I had like high 90s percentile for verbal and spacial intelligence. And even though my working memory and processing speed were in the 70th percentile and not abysmal, the huge discrepancy there and my experiences led them to diagnose me with ADHD-Inattentive.

Cheers to finally getting a diagnosis! I hope we can both get our lives on track. <3 Oh. My. Goodness, the CPT-3 was so boring and frustrating at the same time! Now I know what name to curse... ;)

Sigh. I'm over thinking it like always. Thanks for reassuring me!  That's so good to hear. I just went through the same tests today and afterwords I also started researching how ADHD is diagnosed using the tests and worrying about how I did.

Like for example I definitely sucked at the arithmetic test despite math being close to my most practiced subject in college right now, but I did really well on the digit span test (it took me forever though lol). Yeahhhh the CPT is brutal lol I hated that test! I got so frustrated and it was so damn boring. I even liked the faster parts better even though I made more mistakes. Started to look around the room instead at the screen.  Glad to have maybe eased your mind a bit! Arithmetic is hard because you have to do everything in your head, which isn’t realistic these days. I don’t like it and often substitute a different test for it! Hang in there! 