How to get over the apathy & brain fog when you're not stimulated/interested. I have recently been struggling with two major problems of apathy and of mindfog whenever I'm not stimulated or in a state that lacks interest and priority. This occurs both when medicated and not medicated, and I hate the brain fog. Force yourself to be doing things, even if they're not productive. Like paint by numbers sets or going for walks. Be as mindful and deliberate as you can during these activities. It'll be quite challenging at first, but with more and more practice you'll find yourself more in the moment. I believe it's called mindful or active meditation.  I’ve noticed this gets worse for me when I’m going through a bout of depression. You mentioned apathy specifically, which makes me think maybe that could be what’s going on for you too.

Have you ever been evaluated for or treated for depression? For me it helps to have small Goals each day and when I reach Them I feel successful. Really insignificant things like making My bed each morning, Taking a 15 minute Walk a day, cooking a meal. And when i reach My Goals at the end of the day I feel good even if i didnt do anything else. The next day I feel better and can do more things, bigger and more important  Brain fog when I'm overwhelmed. Big time. Not so much when I'm just not stimulated, but lack of stimulation can lead to apathy and depression, I fall behind in general life stuff and then feel overwhelmed and then brain fog. My meds help punch through it sometimes (dex and guanfacine).  Not saying this is a solution everytime but it helped me to get a different mindset by just being somewhere different. Like if I am at home and feel like you described I take my headphones with me and go outside for a little while just walking around. Discipline helps with this.

I find that, when my brain feels it can "negotiate" its way out of things, it will do so. "Come on, I'm tired and unfocused today, let's do it tomorrow, we can start earlier and do ALL the things, I promise", rinse and repeat every day.

If I push through that and get started anyway, some of the fog goes away, letting me focus on what I'm doing, at least for a few hours, until the brain goes into full on rebellion mode. But the amount of time spent working can be built up over time.

My advice would be to commit to working on whatever it is you want for 30m a day (or whatever a good starting point is, for you). Have a set cue for when to get started (e.g. I will wake up, drink 1 cup of coffee with breakfast, and then get started). Practice it for a couple weeks, then add a bit more time. I'm having this issue even when I AM interested.

Things just seem like such a lot of effort. and the frustration of sometimes not getting anywhere with something I like really bums me out. Have you tried looking into your diet and nutrition at all?. Light exercise to get the blood going faster, maybe some strong stimulant drink like Yerba Mate or coffee, quick nap, etc.

Seems the best ways I've dealt with it revolve around increased bloodflow and rest. Something that helps me at work is remembering that anybody can do the easy/fun part which makes up 98% of what I do, but I earn my paycheck by latching on like a pitbull and dragging a project through the 2% that is too hard and boring.  

I have earned so much money coming into projects where I’m replacing someone who had it 98% done and just couldn’t pull it through.  It has been completely awful at times.  Be that type of person, though. It will pay off in the long run! I would start by taking a walk and moving into another space. During that time, I would visualize the things that you are wanting to do and just break it down in your mind. Ask yourself how long you plan on doing this, what seems reasonable, etc. It should get your head start turning and start giving you an idea where you want to seat. I have started to visualize things i want to get done recently and for me, I think it's been quite beneficial. So even when I come back to looking at a task, I have an idea of what I am jumping into whereas before, I didn't have much of a clue. It as just another thing I had to do and I would sit around dread doing it. I think a huge part revolves around I had to do it but I didn't know how to do it. That's where visualization comes in. I feel like having an idea of how things are done makes the brain realize that this isn't some impossible task and helps build a foundation and helps gives the brain that "foot in the door". It's like starting without actually starting...lol.  That is what I am currently attempting to do. Trying to stop knowing and not doing. It's been three days so far and I have been able to find myself sitting down in the library working on my research two weeks before its due.

This is the first time I have ever given myself this much time to study /work on a paper. Always two days before and turn in bullshit at the end. Paint by numbers sets? Could you explain this to me? I am fairly fluent with English, but not understanding this phrase.  I do this while brushing my teeth! It’s surprisingly useful. I have not, but I have been evaluated for anxiety.  I think I'll look into implementing small goals. Thanks for the idea! This!  Whenever i come back from a run (or bikeride/whatever) i'm always amazed by how completely different i feel, it's prettymuch a guaranteed funk buster for me.  

Infact just this past week i've finally decided that it's so obviously a good thing for me that there's no really logical reason to not be ramping this up to further levels, to see how much better things can get.  Dunno why i havn't before. This does help me in, up until I return home. 

I'm able to stay in a better mindset if I'm away from home all day. Is their a particular type of dieting that helps remove brain fog? 

I'm not the healthiest in nutritional lifestyles, but I suppose I can double down by at least taking vitamins and diet. If I don't drink caffeine, even on stim medication my day is so much more difficult. 

I'll add the exercise bit in, to see if that helps. Recently when faced with a decision to either do something or continue doing nothing I try to force myself to opt to take action instead of inaction. Its going decently so far.  It's a picture with outlined regions in black and white. Those regions will contain a number in them which is an index for a color of paint. You then fill in those regions with the proper color and end up with a full color painting. Basically a painting with training wheels for us artistically challenged. Depression is very common in conjunction with ADHD. I'll leave it to you to decide if correlation equals causation.  What do you think about looking into it? Are you currently seeing a psychiatrist/other doctor for ADHD meds? Your next appointment would be a good opportunity to discuss this. Except it won't always help (If I am completely annoyed for no particular reason), not for me anyways but it's definitely worth a try.  Well, depends if I have something to do I enjoy but I agree There is some research that shows that kids with ADHD who eat simple sugars become much more hyperactive. Basically, big spikes in blood sugar makes the ADHD brain go on hyperdrive. Try eating more fiber (which controls blood sugar levels) and less carbohydrates overall. Eat more protein and healthy fats. It works for me. Also, if you're going to take any supplements, fish oil is the only one that has actually been documented to help. Check out /r/keto.  Reducing carbs and sugar can have some cognitive effects with some people myself included.  Read through at check it out. I have been trying to find out more about myself since a couple of weeks ago I found out the symptoms of ADHD and had a misconception that hyperactivity was needed for a classification for the disorder. I lurk over at r/infp and came across a post that described ADHD - PI (predominately inattentive). I went on my usual rabbit hole digging and when I came across the first three articles I felt this click that I have finally found what I have been looking all my life. Finding why I couldn't correctly explain to people how it felt. How it was that my way of thinking worked. Why it was hard for me to act certain ways and it wasn't because I was just an asshole.

When I read the descriptions and symptoms of ADHD-PI, I felt like I read myself on paper. It feels like it was the first time I was able to take a gasp of air for once knowing that I could learn the why behind me. And just realized you may not know what training wheels are, so we could be in for a lengthy cultural learning session if I keep using analogies lol. Thanks for the explanation. I have had these books as a kid.  I used to think I had a clinical depression issue, pre ADHD diagnosis. But I realize now I was depressed because I was beating myself up with guilt over my failings due to ADHD and the depression was stimulated rather than innate. I suspect this isn't uncommon. I don't always have apathy issues, but it's really the only recurring symptom of depression I deal with, outside of some situational occurrences. Ah, I just meant to get my vitamins that I'm lacking (or are vitamins not documented to actually be important). Training wheels would be the bicycle side wheels for kids to keep balance better, I believe.  Yes! 