My story, from diagnosis to present day I was first diagnosed with ADHD, by a psychiatrist in April 2016, at 21 years old. While relieved to have an explanation, I also felt despair. Growing up in a traditional Indian family meant mental health was swept under the rug. My Indian mother was going to be anything by supportive.

I kept this information to myself, telling others but not my mother. A year after my diagnosis, my mother wanted to speak with my psychiatrist about the progress (or lack of) that she felt I was making. With my consent, my psychiatrist (also Indian) revealed to my mother that I have ADHD. I consented, because I felt that my mother may as well hear it from a medical professional.

My mother told me, outside of the doctor’s office, that ADHD was fabricated by pharma companies to profit. That this condition which, unmedicated, was wreaking havoc on my ability to perform simple tasks, was not real. My mother told me yoga and meditation would help me focus. She was invalidating everything I was going through. Saying sometimes she felt like she had adhd too. That some researcher at Harvard proved that ADHD is a hoax.

Every day, I always think to myself, I would rather be physically disabled and neurotypical, than have a cocktail of mental disorders. My diagnosis was made, with only a year of undergrad left. Disability services, to my knowledge, only helped with providing extra time on tests. Something I didn’t need. I rode this out, unmedicated.

I always tell myself, I would never shirk studying. I try so hard at school to focus. I try to focus on my studies. I just cannot get anything to register. I graduated with a 2.69, something my mother gives me shit about to this day. And she taunted me about thinking ADHD meds would have helped me. 

She claims that when I was younger, the neighbors kid took Ritalin and became fat and lethargic. Both my psychologist and psychiatrist say they’ve never heard of such a thing. But of course, you don’t tell my mother she’s wrong. And from what mutual friends have shared, that girl had always been a problem child.

I decided to get more work experience before considering grad school. Applying now with a shitty GPA isn’t an option. I got a job out of state, but being the only one of another race, and having another skin color, made me stand out. I did casually mention my home life, on the job. This constituted “oversharing inappropriate personal details.” I never talked about anything explicit. But I suppose, a lack of filter, and seeming distracted were dealbreakers. I tried so hard, but was terminated.

I have since moved back home, and after a stint of unemployment, have finally gotten a good job, which I start in a week. I saw my psychiatrist, and told her I was no longer going to be intimidated by my mother. That I was willing to start ADHD meds, so that I would be able to perform well at this job. I never want to feel the way I felt at the other job again.

I have been on concerta, for approximately a month. I have been taking 18mg. I feel reasonably productive. Some days I feel unstoppably productive, others I feel normal. My psychiatrist said I seem calmer on it, and has upped it to 27mg. I plan on starting 27mg as soon as my 18mg supply is over/ I start work.

Today, I took 36mg. I was able to clean all the wooden floors downstairs, vacuumed the staircase, cleaned the kitchen island, and coffee table, cleaned the stove, did dishes, cleaned my room, organized my makeup organizer, cleared clutter, as well as vacuuming my bathroom and doing laundry. I feel a bit of a crash, and am currently lying down on my bed. I feel I earned a rest though. All that cleaning had me sweaty. I just took a shower, and am making this post. 

My mother has been calling me down, to have some lunch. I do feel hungry, but at the same time, I don’t want to leave my bed. I had wanted to make a cup of coffee after cleaning, but never got around to it. Maybe I’ll have a little lunch, and get around to making that cup of coffee. So, I just started reading your past posts and I'm working my way up. I'm always pleasantly surprised when some on the spectrum posts regularly on reddit. I'm glad to know there is an outlet for their feelings. I'm sorry for your mom. She sucks.  I someti mm es wonder if I have ADHD as my son does, and I'm pretty confident my dad does (he's 75 so he'll probably never get diagnosed). I wonder about the times you say you are overly productive. I have those too. Have you talked to your Dr about them? Cou I don't they be manic episodes? Maybe cyclical with depression? 