My doctor will not listen to reason with my Adderall dosage. I have had severe depression and anxiety for as long as i can remember, and i always had such a slow processing time, literally i my entire life, I just figured everyone did.

One day i was venting to my friend of 6 years about my mental state and he told me how scary it was, that all of the things i was saying sounded like what he went through.

When i asked him what he meant he told me his mental health was directly linked to his ADHD, and once he started meds it all melted away with a little bit of time.

I was intrigued, but didn't think i had ADHD. One day when I was at my lowest point, ever, i had some of the darkest thoughts and the most severe anxiety at the same time, my friend drove 2 hours back home from his family trip and sat with me for hours.

He opened his backpack and tossed his adderall bottle over to me and offered me the chance to try it.
Not just one, he stressed the problem of the adderall high and when i didn't seem against it- i was serious desperate because- no antidepressant helped at all. he gave me a weeks worth.

Sparing this already long description some text, my entire world changed. I saw color in a grey world for the first time i could ever remember.
I immediately got a plan together to suggest ADHD to my doctor... and when i went in about a month later, i told him i was concerned about why no antidepressant worked, and that there maybe a different problem. I never came out and said ADHD, infact, he did- several sessions ago- but he didn't elaborate on it at all.

After discussing it a little more. He told me he didn't want me on adhd medications because of my anxiety, that it would hurt my heart.

Alright. I guess that's fair.
Three months, three more sessions, nothing worked.

He was going to put me on a stronger antidepressant, when i casually said "I'm realizing more and more how my anxiety is less that I'm afraid of socializing, but more i don't want to deal with people not understanding me, its more of a frustration than anything else." 
And he stopped me, and asked me a few questions on that- i had no idea what i triggered, but he told me
"That makes more sense... your untreated adhd lead to overthinking to counteract the slowed mind, which lead to anxiety, which lead to depression. Working backwards won't work."

And just like that, he prescribed me Adderall XR 20mg (x1 Day)
I was caught so far off guard because he once said he doesn't prescribe stimulants often, and 9/10 he never will.

It started off wonderful, for like, 2 days.
But i noticed i was- still slow.

After mt my research and asking my friend, i found I'm on such a low dose, compared to how large my symptoms are.

I brought this up to my doctor a month later and he said he won't raise the dosage.

I went another month and by then i didn't even feel like I was taking any medication, my brain was completely scattered again, and my anxiety and depression returned.
He still denied any change.

After i missed 2 days, i noticed that i was actually getting something out of the medicine, but not nearly what i needed.
I even noticed that my 12 hour medication was only lasting like 6.

I asked if i could add an IR to take later in the day, to which he also said no.
And that if duration is that much of an issue for me he would switch me to vyavance, but seeing how i don't have any insurance at all, i can't afford that.

He keeps saying he was reluctant to prescribe it to me in the first place and he won't change it at all.

I can't get a new doctor for a while, insurance issues, and I'm honestly 500% sure I'm not on the right dose, but he won't listen to me. Pretty sure he thinks I'm drug seeking.
But he should know im not because i have wasted hundreds of dollars and MANY months on all of his "brilliant" ideas and medicine- THAT NEVER WORKED.

Like, several sessions of me saying this isn't right- and he does nothing to fix it??

I don't know what to do anymore, and with my next appointment coming up soon (which i had to wait 3 months for) i desperately need something better, i just started a new job and this is all taking a toll on me now. Does anyone have any suggestions? Ask to be referred to a psychiatrist. Your doc is not that familiar with the condition.

#1. Be wary about the first few days. They may feel great and typically do for most people. This is a common reaction for a lot of people even without adhd. This is the honeymoon stage.

#2. Adderall and other stims do not fix depression if it is not caused by adhd. It make help during the time it is active but depression will return after it wears off if it is a diagnosis on its own. Only depression caused by adhd will be alleviated(and I’m assuming that it happens after you learn tricks and methods to be successful while on the meds)

#3. Some docs say titrate every week or two weeks. I’m not a doctor, but the first week I would always feel great and want to do everything and then the second week I would feel let down. 

I think 1-2 weeks is too soon. I believe that the dose gets too high to quickly when this happens as the “helpful” effect is really just a high and then that’s what the individual is looking for. I ended up way too high a dose this way and had trouble coming back down. 

#4. I need to go to work. I’m hyper focused on this right now. Good luck.



 I came here to ask more detail about the “working two days” thing you mentioned. I’m dealing with this too. Could you describe what happened?

I tried both Ritalin and adderall for a week at a time, and they both only worked for two days before all the effects went away. My Psych said he had never heard about this before, and I’m intrigued to hear someone else dealing with the same. Have you tried therapy? Sometimes meds aren't enough. Therapy can provide you with a lot of insight into why you think the way you do and provide you coping skills to work through those issues.

I started therapy and medication 3 years ago for MDD, PTSD, and social anxiety. I knew I had ADHD, but honestly felt my other "issues" were more pressing. Fast forward 2 years, depression and PTSD are managed and under control without meds. My anxiety was tough, but it felt like a lot of it was brought on by my ADHD.

By that I mean due to my mind always jumping to things, inability to focus, and/or getting distracted I would get behind at work or just life "stuff" so then the anxiety would come as I get worried about being so far behind and the possibility of getting in trouble, basically.

I was given Concerta in early January. After working up the dose over weeks it did nothing at all.

Switched to a small dose of Adderall XR and I noticed symptoms relief right away. Over several weeks we increased my dose.

After several weeks we settled on 20mg XR in the AM and a 2nd 20mg XR in the afternoon.

For a few months things were goodish. I wasn't where I had hoped to be and just kind of accepted it for awhile. Until one day I had a brief moment of clarity at a follow up appointment and told my psychiatrist my concerns.

As decided to try Adderall IR. I got switched to 15mg IR 3x a day. And that seems to have done it. Things are good. I really like the control I have over my dosing as well. If my day isn't as hectic or crazy at work I can take my doses a little later. I've had a few days where I don't need to take the 3rd dose.  Oof, my doctor is a psychiatrist.

1) Yeah, i was very wary of that

2)thankfully it was linked to my ADHD

3)yeah, but thats unreasonable for me, and my doc even said just take it in the evening if it only works 6 hours.
Boy- what am I supposed to do the other parts of the day??

4) ....same.... It's complicated...
After two days I would take my dose and feel utterly nothing, as if I had not taken the medicine.

I take the generic because im poor and desperate, and from what i can tell they are poorly made.
Some have more affect
Some have the perfect affect
Some have none.

Were you taking generic? I have done therapy, infact they are the ones that recommend medication.

It's hard to get through to my doctor, i would be thrilled to try other dosesages and types(IR vs XR) but he isn't working with me at all Many patients are on an xr and an ir. 

What’s unreasonable about titrating? I’m confused. 

Adderall ir lasts about 4-6 hours. xr is 6-8. Vyvanse only works about 6-8 as well. 

Mydayis lasts about 12-16, but it’s the equivalent of one XR and 1 IR. Which is basically what you are asking for.

Both vyvanse and mydayis have coupons online, but I’m unsure how much it will reduce your payment without insurance. Worth looking into though. 

Mydayis works pretty much all day. It’s not perfect as there are times I feel it drop out and then come back.

But it’s worth a shot. What’s your current dose out of curiosity Yes, I’m going through the exact same thing while I try various meds... both generic versions of Ritalin and adderall. Right down to the timeline. Two days, and then good and bad effects are gone.

Perhaps this is worth mentioning to my Psych.

It’s such a relief to me to hear your story. Makes me feel normal since my doc said he had never heard of such a case before, and google didn’t show anything either. Thank you for sharing! What kind of doctor is he? If he's just a MD or DO he doesn't really have the background or training to treat mental health issues. That could explain why he is reluctant or dismissive.

Ideally your medication should be managed by a psychiatrist or at least a PMHNP (psychiatric mental health nurse practitioner).  I mentioned it in the post, 20mg XR x1 daily Definitely try looking into Brand, because i have heard and experienced nothing but horrible things with generics.

I would also suggest looking into Vyvanse for you, i myself have never taken it, but i have heard mostly good things in terms of resistances and absorbency.

Expensive if you don't have insurance, but there is an online coupon you can get from the manufacturer.

It's not awesome, but it will save you a couple twenties. He is a psychiatrist, also he is a MD.
He is also a little on the older side, so I'm not surprised at his reluctant nature when it comes to thinking he knows best and that I'm just some kid who doesn't know what I'm talking about. Oh. That’s a totally normal dose to start on. I’d honestly be worried if they started you higher. I’ve been on for 12 years and just recently got upped to 30. Not sure what your insurance looks like - but can you get a referral from him to another psychiatrist? Legally, he doesn't HAVE to be the one treating your mental health just because he's your primary. You're entitled to seek another opinion.... or three. 