I’m budgeting for impulses now. I’ve always been embarrassed about my impulsive purchases of every color paint and twenty brushes for my one idea I never finish or of all the gear I need to record that album idea I never get to. Maybe not embarrassed of the purchases so much as the lack of follow through...

But I just decided to PLAN on spending money on impulses. I don’t know what they are yet, I don’t know why I’ll be suddenly and unexpectedly invested in them. I do, however, feel a bit better about impulsively buying the entire dungeons and dragons compendium for my probably only DND game I’ll make time to play until I get over it in 6 weeks. 

I’m not saying spend money you don’t have and I’m not saying you’ll feel better if you budget for impulses too but it helps me feel a little better about a characteristic I’ve always hated about myself.  Yes this is a solid idea. Just be sure to stay within that budget. :) Also, consider doing test runs of things when you're tempted to buy a bunch of expensive equipment/gear/stuff.

When you're tempted to buy something ask yourself: Am I willing to try DMing at a local game shop (where you can try it out for free) before buying all the stuff? If not, you're probably buying the stuff more for the thrill of having new things than you are for the thrill of DMing a DnD game. I have a few bank accounts with my mortgage. One is proper savings, the other is the day to day spending account (share with my wife, keeps me accountable, our bank gives us notifications when we spend money lol), then my wife and I each have an account for this reason, stuff we want, no guilt, it might be worthwhile or stupid, but who cares.

% of our pay each week goes into all the different accounts. I think taking the guilt out of it by budgeting is a fantastic idea.  Thats smart tbh, that's what my therapist told me to do yesterday This is genius. Oh yes that’s a critical caveat!  Also super true! My endless conquest for dopamine sometimes blinds us to the effects of my impulsive actions... great suggestion!  Happy cake day!

Also, I like this idea of different accounts. I definitely find myself feeling ashamed at times knowing my wife will get a notification that I bought something random on amazon or at a game store. But I also don’t think she’d ever use the money in her account haha That’s encouraging to me because a professional has the same suggestion haha

I’ve been intending to take up therapy specifically for adhd but... adhd You would be surprised! My wife has an intense guilt around spending on herself (part of it may be because she feels she needs to be the 'responsible' one with money). She knows I will see the purchase and instinctively worries she is wasting money.

An account where you can spend as you want is great. You would be surprised how quickly your wife will get into it lol.  It'll always be there. I think for me actually getting going with it was kind of an impulse in itself, haha. But it did take a while to figure out and find a person who was a good fit. If you're in the US Psychology Today has a good [therapist finder tool](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/therapists). 