CNS Test (computer test) made me feel like an idiot My new doctor made me take a CNS test; I've never taken one before.  

I feel like I did really terrible on the test.  The harder that I tried, the more clueless I felt and the more I felt like I reacted inappropriately.  Afterwards, I had feelings of shame and embarrassment because the test made me feel like a total idiot and completely helpless.  I'm not an emotional woman but I cried when I got home because I felt so stupid.

Has anyone done well on the test?  Is the test supposed to be really hard?  Do non-ADHD people do well on the test or is it really tough for them too?

I am embarrassed to see my doctor again.  It's in 20 days, so I have some time to get over the experience before I have to face him. 

What was your experience like?  Did you feel awful during and after the test?

 Look at the bright side! If you feel you did poorly, that prob means your doctor got a good analysis of some possible issues and may have a course of treatment ready for you to try based on the findings. I have been given a similar test, but it wasn't a computer based exam. I can't recall the name of it, but its a standardized IQ test. 

I was given the exam when I was a participant in a research study on dyslexia (I was in the control group). I remember feeling completely fucking retarded after the test was over. One question I explicitly remember not being able to answer was, "define the word bell." It was such a simple word that I had no idea how to define it without using bell in the definition. 

At the end of the test, the researcher said he wasn't sure whether I was going to be able to participate. I said, "damn, did I really do that bad?" And his response was, "No, not at all. You actually did really well and I'm not sure I'll be able to find a dyslexic individual with this high an IQ (they had to have a control subject with an IQ that matched at least one of the individuals in the dyslexia group). 

So moral of the story, that test will make you feel completely stupid and it in no way means you performed terribly. 

EDIT: Just to be clear, I don't intend this to be a brag about my IQ. My actual IQ is on the higher end of average, but its not remarkably high. There are many many people on the same level and higher than myself, so I don't want to appear as though I'm claiming exceptional intelligence.  I've only taken the one where you have to hit the button on every letter except for X. I scored in the 97th percentile for hitting the X. The tests I did made me feel so dumb, especially the last one . 

- It starts of with me trying to match a picture, using blocks.. I failed hard.
-  Then memorize numbers (i did really well), writing words
- First related thought to come to mind when a word was said (i gave such out of the box answers)
- a thing where I had to arrange colored circles in the less move possible
- finally the mother fucking "X" test. Basically you're in front of a screen and white letters are popping up over a black background, at different speeds. All you have to do is not hit the spacebar, on the keyboard in front of you when you see an X... FUCK YOU X. I hit spacebar like 97% of the time.

All in all I had fun though  im not familiar with that test. is it a diagnostic tool?

i googled it but it seemed to represent a number of different types of tests, with results open to interpretation.



 Either that or he will assume that I'm profoundly retarded or have a massive brain tumor. Thank you.  Thank you.  I did terrible on that test.  For some reason, I would react without thinking and hit the button on the wrong letter.  Other times, I'd intend to hit the button on the right letter but I'd be late so by the time that I hit it, another letter was up.  When I made a mistake, I got stressed which caused me to make numerous other mistakes.  

What did the doctor say about your results?  Did they think that there was something profoundly wrong or just confirmed your ADHD?  Were you embarrassed or did the doctor make you feel okay about it? Thank you.  That X test was extremely annoying.  Worse yet, instead of an X, my test used a B which is the first letter of my name.  You'd think that I'd be able to remember and easily identify it when it came up...  But no, I did terrible.
 I believe that it's a diagnostic tool but I'm not 100% sure why I took it. 

There were word memory tests, shape memory tests, tests where there is a word for a color (like "Blue") and you have to hit a button when the color of the text matches the word and then a second test where you hit a button when the color of the text does not match the word, a finger tapping test, a symbol decoding test, and matching shape and color test. Being mentally retarded and having a brain tumor are both issues that a doctor can treat. My point still stands. You're gonna get help because of the test! Interesting questions. The doctor diagnosed me with an anxiety disorder. but not ADHD.  I had the same experience as you while taking the test.

The psychologist was sitting in the area behind me looking over the questioners, etc. I filled out prior to the test and observing me too I assume. He said he was fairly confident I had ADHD after I got finished with that test and that he would review everything else and write the report/diagnosis. He attributed the computer test results to impulsivity and said the results were common among untreated individuals. 

I wasn't embarrassed at all. I didn't feel any reason to. I was fairly sure I had a problem before I even made an appointment, he's there to figure out what it is and make a diagnosis. That's his job, it isn't to make assumptions about anyone or judge anyone. I'm sure they see this type of thing all the time. I would have been more embarrassed about seeking  medical help and not having anything wrong with me at all.   That sounds like hell on earth. I'm so happy I wasn't being monitored while doing my X test. It was mainly me talking to myself going "Don't hit X don't hit X don't hit.. FUCK this shit!" then laughing... The first mistakes few time I chuckled, but eventually it lead to a type of laughter that someone would have as they are having a psychological breakdown

I really want to do my testing again on my meds though, and see if there is a difference Reminds me of one of the games on Lumosity. The color game is my favorite, I got really good at that. If a doctor gave me that test he would be asking for my initials to put next to the high score in his office. This kind of test would have driven me over the top too. I took something similar, although I don't know what it was called, and felt the same as you do. I just wanted to put my head down and cry because it was overwhelming.  Thanks :)  I'm just feeling a bit exposed and embarrassed over the results.   Thank you.  

I am glad to here that others had a similar experience.  I felt like it was absolutely ridiculous how difficult it was for me.  In my life, I rely on a lot of compensation techniques and I usually feel like a bright person.  During the test, I wasn't able to compensate and was slapped hard in the face by bad things really are - there was no denying it, no avoiding it, no making excuses for it.

Thanks for sharing your experience.  It helps me feel more normal. Yeah...  click, "Oops", click, "Oh hell", click, "Shit, shit, shit...  Why do I keep doing that?", click, "Fuck", click, click, "Damn it", click...

My index finger was totally trolling me. Thank you.  I'm really hoping that it's normal to do poorly and that even non-ADHD people don't always do well.   