A life-changing tip I learned for those who struggle eating early during the day like myself What's up guys!? I put a TL;DR at the bottom because I know how much we all like those.

I have never been a morning eater. Food and my brain do not agree with each other until mid-afternoon if I'm lucky. As a result, I typically don't eat anything substantial until when "normal" people would be starting to think about eating dinner. I am a thin person and always have been which I attribute mainly towards the fact that unless I am undergoing some sort of physical exertion I will only eat when I am hungry. Obesity is pronounced in my family and I think a large part of that is falling into a cycle of eating when they feel they are "supposed to" instead of listening to their bodies. I eat much less than the rest of my family and by comparison it shows. I am within a healthy weight range for my height and I go to the doctor regularly. I have never had a problem with it, but my god does my family love to point it out at any opportunity.

When I started meds a few months ago I noticed a decrease in my appetite as most people do. My appetite was already on the low side and the meds only suppressed it further. I found it very easy for myself to go an entire 6-8 hours after waking up without eating and I noticed a slight drop in weight and a general decrease in the efficacy of my meds. I spoke with my doc about this and he suggested I try drinking protein shakes. He also has ADHD and struggles to eat early in the day and he said that protein shakes were a game changer for him. He recommended mixing with coffee as well to kick-start my day.

So far the results have been amazing! I no longer have that awkward stage during my day where my brain is active and wants to focus but my body is craving energy so badly that is actually overcomes the focus from the meds. At first the taste of the protein was a bit too much so I had to play around with it a bit. After quite a bit of trial and error, my go-to method now is as follows:

1. Brew coffee.
2. Add half a scoop of protein powder into a shaker cup. I found a whole scoop was too overwhelming and I couldn't drink the entire thing.
3. Add 1-2 tablespoons of sugar
4. Add coffee. Volume-wise I like to have ~2-3x as much coffee as there was protein/sugar.
5. Stir together the contents very well.
6. Add as much milk/creamer as you normally would for coffee. I like a light brown color.
7. Screw cap on tightly and shake vigorously for at least 30 seconds to make sure everything gets properly mixed.
8. Shake occasionally while drinking.

You should have a drink that tastes pretty damn good. I make one every morning and drink it with my meds and other supplements. I find my appetite in general has improved significantly as well.

Hope this helps some people. Good luck and if you have any questions feel free to ask!

**TL;DR** - Body needs energy but brain doesn't want to eat early in the day? Drink a protein shake in the morning. Mix with coffee for extra energy and to help with taste. My personal specifics are above in the numbered list. I struggle with eating in the morning too, usually my stomach feels upset when I wake up for the first few hours of my day so i usually skip breakfast. Now that I take adhd meds I’m not hungry by lunch time which is usually when I eat my breakfast.  This is honestly a great idea, I’m not sure why I haven’t though of protein shakes before. Thank you for this little tip!  Really appreciate you posting this. I can relate to this a lot, and my family (while all relatively healthy) loves to point out how skinny I am. Frustrating to say the least. 

The one thing you said that caught my attention: the decrease in the efficacy of your meds. Can you elaborate more on that?

I've definitely been feeling like my meds aren't quite helping as much. Kind of like a mental fog. 

 That’s a great idea! Do you have to add sugar do you think? Or would it be ok to drink without? My body has tons of issues with letting me eat. I don't get hungry really ever, and attempting to eat in the mornings just results in nausea ( to the point of actually throwing up). But if I don't eat anything, I'll be nauseous when I try to eat lunch.

Even morning protein shakes made me nauseous. I've given up on breakfast entirely. The best I can do is about half a glass of whole milk. Not ideal, but if I can do that I can usually force myself to eat something like an orange or grapes at my break at work at 9-10. Usually then I'm not nauseous for lunch (again mostly just fruits but also veggies and nuts). Supper is really the only 'real' meal I have. If I throw meds into that mess I pretty much can't stomach lunch and supper is iffy.

My doctor hasn't been much help because I'm a healthy weight so she isn't concerned, but I would really appreciate being able to eat. Just because my weight is stable (but very slowly trending downwards) doesn't mean I'm eating healthily.
 Overnight oats is always a good one too. I'm undiagnosed but have tried every natural remedy. Got an appointment next week. But trying to eat 3000cals a day is extremely hard for me. Waking up on time is my enemy. Make some overnight oats the night before, grab when you wake up or eat on the way to work. Solid breakfast . But I still forget to grab them... pinterest has so many recipes I'm sure you can find something simple and yummy. I’ve discovered a shake I make with chocolate whey protein powder, milk and a heaping tablespoon of peanut butter. Put in the blender and I can drink that in like 5 minutes. Tastes so good and the protein and fat sustain me, while adding the necessary calories. I too can’t eat until dinner, but then I’m hungry and eat super healthy meals.  