Workaholic syndrome with ADHD? I'll get straight to it:

*I find myself pinned down by work. I study for long. My grades are really good, but not as good as they could be given the time I spend.

*Other students have jobs, and play sports, and their grades aren't far off from mine.

*I don't have many obligations at all after school, yet I still underachieve a little bit.

*Obviously, having ADD makes studying very time-consuming and inefficient. But still, what should I do?

I'm starting to find that I always have work that's due, and I never have time for fun, when literally no one else has this issue.

I'm in high school btw. The only thing that will really make a difference is adderall and will power.
I don't take adderall everyday tho just in the instances that I need it like studying, working a busy night (I'm a busser) and sometimes for a class I'm having trouble in.  I'd also research some natural ways you could reduce your add symptoms such as mediation, diet and exercise which have all helped me control which have greatly increased the way I can handle symptoms.  Also in high school btw (junior year) so I completely understand what your goin through.  Best of luck  Same here. Especially spending so much time on details since studying (or in my case working) just dont matter how many hours it will take/ due to addie effect. What I am trying to do is time every task. Put a piece of paper in front of you and do not start studying before u have a clear outline of that session. Push yourself as much u could to stick with planned time schedule. Lets see if it works. Better than nothing. Otherwise i find myself working twice whats needed. Goid luck Takes break between your studying. It sounds counter productive to do less but I found it helps me (When I actually remember to do it).

I am a programmer, it involves a lot of time sitting infront of a wall of code and can find myself programming for hours on end. If I take a break every hour for atleast 15-30 minutes I actually find I get more done in the long run. After 2-3 hours of straight coding my productivity will drop so low that I would of got more done if I had taken a break and worked for less time (This is the same for household chores, cleaning, or anything really).

Meditation can help wonders, Yoga was the best result I have ever had with improving my ADHD. (I have never medicated, I am against the ingredients). Here u go. (Per increments, i would say short of course but its not easy.) hope below helps

1. App. 30/30 this is going to put work in a cycle with 30 min or custom set chunks. Why is it different from all others? First works with colors for every time segment and as an ADHD u r more sensitive to color changes. Second, lets say you couldnt finish the first section of your Homework you set for 30 minutes. Its not gonna start over or zero, it will allow you to "borrow" five more minutes hence create a stimulant to wrap it up quickly. 

1.b App2: Chime, this will tell you time in every fifteen minutes or 30 or an hour keeping u alert with ur time structure. 

2. A Outline for hw is great. Exmple: 30 min research/45 min: intro+body/15 min conclusion and stick with it as much as U can to create a stimulant in ur brain on adderall. This way u may move faster. They say the research/ reading part takes time when on adderall because the brain finds it as a nice activator with all those data flowing in front of you and wants to stick with that unless u push it urself to move faster to next step. 

2. B Outline description is here below. Ref. Jim Rohn an i put asterisks for u to find. It says day, but for us, it is "study session" or work session. 

(What if you just started laying bricks and somebody asks, "What are you building?" And you say, "I have no idea." See they would come and take you away to a safe place. So, don't start the house until you finish it. Now, is it possible to finish the house before you start it? Yes, but it would be foolish to start before you had it finished. Not a bad time management idea. ****Don't start the day until it is pretty well finished -- at least the outline of the day.**** Leave some room to improvise. Leave some room for extra strategies, but finish it before you start it. ) Diet and exercise don't make much of a difference for me, so I will try meditation. could you be more specific with the outline thing? I've tried timing myself, and it only slightly helped. 

Last Thursday I even outlined my homework, but I still wandered off a lot and spent time doing nothing.

Should I use short or large time increments? What kind of exercise and diet were you doing and for how long.  It takes atleast a month to start getting the benefits of them and you need to be consistent I picked up meditation due to converting to Buddhism (this was before being diagnosed). It worked wonders for me, made my thoughts a bit more manageable throughout the day. Mileage may vary of course, but I'd highly recommend it. I've been eating relatively clean for months, (beans, cihcken, beef, tuna, rice, etc), and I've been lifting and doing cardio for the last year and a half. Yea meditation you should def start noticing a difference within two months.  
Good luck  