My son got in trouble at school and I don’t want to punish him for something he can’t help! Warning, it’s a long post. I’m sorry, I know we all have issues reading long posts! 

Tl;dr: I suspect my son has ADHD and he got in trouble at school for things connected to my suspicion; my husband wants to punish him but I don’t want to be too hard on him for what he cannot control! 

First of all, I want to thank everyone in this community. I know a lot of people say this, but just reading on here has taught me so much about myself and I am much happier for it! 

My son just turned 6 in March and is in Kindergarten. I have noticed a lot of symptoms in him that lead me to believe he has ADHD as well. He hyper focuses on video games or YouTube, and has little to no interest in reading, coloring, crafts, etc. He can’t control his emotions well; he gets angry and sad super easily over the smallest things. The first 2 trimester report cards show him having trouble paying attention, walking in the hallways, talking without raising his hand, etc. 

I brought it up to both his doctor (who is also my doctor) and his teacher. The doctor said, for now, just keep an eye on him. The teacher said that because they’re only in school for half a day, it’s hard to tell what’s boy, what’s kindergartener, and what’s ADHD. Next year when he’s in the classroom full time, they’ll be able to tell better how he is. 

Yesterday, I saw on the behavior app that he “clipped down” twice. (They use a color chart to track their behavior, starting  at green, moving up to blue and purple, or down to yellow orange and red). This morning I asked him what happened, and he immediately started crying. He said that he forgot to turn in his folder, and he was talking while the teacher was talking. 

My husband has adopted the policy of “If you get in trouble at school, you get in trouble at home.” I agree with this in most circumstances, however in this case, I feel like he shouldn’t be punished for something he can not control. I brought it up to my husband, and he seemed to disregard anything I had to say about the matter. 

I don’t know how to approach this with my husband, nor do I know how harsh to be on my son. Any thoughts and ideas are appreciated!

 He forgot to turn in his folder...and talked while the teacher was talking... so now he's gonna "get in trouble at home"? What is this, Pyongyang Military Kindergarten? For god's sake, he is 5! Sure, set boundaries if he's being a brat, but the poor kid was so distressed  he had to cry. 

Also, "the behavior app"... holy hell. That's horrifying. Straight out of Black Mirror.  There are too many things to cover in one reply.  But, here are some random thoughts.

I agree that punishment isn't the right answer.  This is an opportunity for the family to demonstrate support for your son.  These are opportunities to teach/learn life skills in an age appropriate way.  Chances are excellent that there will be an enormous amount of repetition in teaching/learning the life skills with little to no progress for years at a time.  The key is repetition and support.  That means going back to the teacher with the episode of forgetting the folder and figuring out an in\-class routine for your kid that works for the teacher.

ADHD brains tend to be "immature" relative to non\-adhd brains.  So, be very, very careful about *"he's six, so it's time for first grade."*  Especially with kids, maturity varies wildly, ADHD slows maturity and you don't help one along by putting them in an environment where everything is a struggle and as a result, no sense of fitting in or success, or....

We homeschooled our kid for grammar school for this reason and it has worked out great.  Our kid went to public high school had a good experience and is headed off to the college on the top of the list in the fall.  The kid started high school a year behind the peers and it was an excellent choice.  The school work wasn't the problem.  The big challenges were in applying/learning organizing tasks.

Get learning assessments now.  Find a developmental optometrist in your area and make an appointment.  Find a developmental psychologist and make an appointment.  You need as much information about your kid as possible to set them up for success.  You need the developmental psychologist to help you parent the kid as much as possible.

Get rid of the TV.  Get rid of the Internet.  That applies to all of you.  We had a tiny combo TV/DVD player that stayed out of sight.  TV time was structured and rather boring staring at such a small screen.  And then the player went back into the closet.  Which, is exactly right. You have to fill up that time with interaction and "real world" stuff.  Makes stuff. Do stuff. Read together.  Listen to audio books. The best decision we made a long time ago was getting rid of that stuff.  This is a very unpopular method.  The bottom line is, youtube is cocaine for an ADHD brain and  Cocaine is bad.  Sorry.

Your husband and you have to be on the same page with all of this stuff and be ready to work at practicing things that won't stick for years.  "School" isn't going to fix him.  There is little to no "growing out of it." Get him tested. Better to know now than later. I can understand your your frustration with the punishment. My son's father, even after testing, dealing with school personnel, and many others stating their ADHD suspicions- refused to believe our son needed outside help or meds. In his eyes, "He's just being a little boy." So get that little guy tested. Maybe you're spot on and theres also a possiblity  there is at least one other disability along with the ADHD. Usually is, with my son its ODD. Oppsoditional Defiant Disorder. Im not sure what to tell you with the punishing to be honest. I never made headway with my Ex so I'm lost there. I will say however, children with this disorder are amazing little beings. I know many that my son is around so many like him. They NEED and CRAVE things that most of us find odd or strange but the places they can take their hyperfocus loves is extraordinary! AND think of this, If your child is already falling behind this early in life he goes undiagnosed-He isnt getting a fair start. Its a lot harder to conquer later as opposed to getting testing now, knowing for sure and going from there. Good luck Dear! As a Mom - Push to get him tested - you know him better than any teacher or Doctor.  The schools fight the testing for as long as possible because they have limited resources.  You need to advocate for your son as hard and obnoxious as it is.  I have been told many times that it was unusual for my daughter to be tested because she was so young... but once we got it done - and yes we had to fight for months and months to get it done... and she ended up on an IEP (Individual Education Plan) in Kindergarten which is unheard of in our school because I wouldn't let it drop.  

Also forgeting to turn in a folder- and talking are things you discuss and see if you can make plans to take steps to prevent in the future - not punish.  

The best that you can do with your partner is sit down and explain your concerns again and how you feel...   Also maybe define what kind of trouble it needs to be and the level of punishment for the actual "trouble"...

AKA how is your punishment help keep him from making the same mistakes in the future.  and it shouldn't be because he is afraid... kids existing in a fear state learn so much less, and act up more :) I agree with you so much! > Get rid of the TV. Get rid of the Internet.

There's some good advice here, but going neo-Luddite isn't part of it. Get rid of those things if you want your child to lag behind everyone else. Computer and internet fluency is especially important today, and telling someone to get rid of it is just plain ignorant. Speaking from my own experience, unrestricted internet access enabled me to find a career that is extremely fulfilling, and lack of internet access would have totally prevented that. Instead of just dumping it altogether, learn to incorporate it in your life in a healthy manner. Thank you so much for all of this! There is a facility that specializes in behavioral health very close to my home, so I think I  am going to reach out to them. Might be good for me as well! 

I have a check up in a couple weeks and I think I’ll talk to my doctor about it as well. My brother has ADHD and Asperger’s, and they did little after his diagnosis to help him. What I want is to learn how to be the best supporter for him, how to help him cope with situations that may frustrate or upset him, teach him everything I wish I had learned at that age. I just don’t have the education I need to do so! 

I agree with you about the tv; I am going to wean him off of it. We already banned YouTube for both of my kids. Routines have been a godsend for myself and for my son, but my husband seems annoyed with them! 

Thanks again!  I completely agree with that fear statement. I was raised that way; for the first 8 years of my marriage I was afraid to voice my opinion on certain topics because I was trained to believe that my opinion (as a child) didn’t matter. Pretty ironic considering the past few months in Florida.. 

As for my husband; he is understanding but I don’t know that he buys my motherly diagnosis. If he gets an official diagnosis, or proof/facts, only then will he truly listen to my concerns. —I just read that back and it makes him sound so mean and unreasonable! He’s really not, he’s just the type of person that wants to see the logic and proof rather than your feelings to consider an argument. He’s also a middle school teacher and knows that a lot of kids AREN’T punished enough, so he’s a little more strict!  >  Speaking from my own experience, unrestricted internet access enabled me to find a career that is extremely fulfilling,

When you were 6 years old?

You are claiming if a child does not have unrestricted Internet access from an early age, then it is an opportunity permanently lost.  Which, could not be further from the truth.  

 >I’ll talk to my doctor about it as well. 

Well, ADHD knowledge varies widely to the point there are MDs out there that still believe ADHD is an excuse for not trying hard enough.  So, if it doesn't go great, just keep looking.

> I just don’t have the education I need to do so! 

This subreddit is a good source.  A developmental psychologist with and ADHD specialty will hopefully help.   I'm not a huge fan of most of the books out there.

> but my husband seems annoyed with them! 

Tell him to spend some time in this subreddit. Maybe ask what punishment would suit a 5 year olds forgetfulness... Because maybe we are overthinking what he might think is a fair punishment for the crime I said no such thing. You're the one who didn't specify an age, so I assumed you meant "in general".

Although, yes, I *do* believe that introducing computer use early is extremely important. Of course no six year old should have unrestricted use, that's absurd. I actually sent my husband the link to the article that mentioned rejection sensitivity and when he finally read it, he acknowledged that a lot of problems we’ve had in the past make a whole lot more sense now! 

My doctor knows how much I struggle; he’s helped me through the process of finding the right balance of meds and has encouraged me to seek therapy as well if I think it is necessary. He didn’t press very hard at that point because it was just a suspicion of mine (that my son has ADHD) and it hasn’t been impacting him at school until now. 

I actually had a really great conversation with my mother in law tonight who told me to follow my instincts, that I know how my son is feeling better than my husband (her son) does, and to do whatever I can to help him. It felt so nice to hear that from her!  > follow my instincts,

I totally support and agree with the idea of supporting your son.  He's going to need it, regardless of ADHD or not.

But, be careful with the notion of instincts and "common knowledge" when it comes to ADHD.  Right now, what's understood and accepted is very limited and the medical industry moves very slowly, including dissemination to practicing doctors on these topics.

Getting familiar with how the brain works (and doesn't with ADHD) is going to be absolutely essential.  For example, NMDA receptors is a hot topic for me.  The "bad example" is, somewhere out there, someone is claiming caffeine is a safe alternative as an ADHD drug for children.  The research at NIH confirms this is not the case at all.  So, you have to wade through it all and be creative about related brain dysfunction issues.  For example, what does Alzheimer's and ADHD have in common?

Here's an example: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3430836/

Your husband is going to need to be as well informed to make good decisions.


 