Relationship between ADHD and reputation for being accident prone? Short and sweet - I've had a life long reputation of being accident prone, and my recent diagnosis of ADHD now has me thinking, is there a relationship between having ADHD and being clumsy, or did I just get dealt with 2 short straws?

To be accident prone as a child is one thing, I was tall and lanky and it was always written off as something to do with growth, but as a now adult woman, it's somewhat embarrassing and significantly inconveniencing.

Thoughts? Research evidence? Yes! I commented in another thread about spacial awareness—bruises/bumps, walking over obstacles instead of around, poor sensory processing and “missing” objects in your sight line. 

The world has...a lot of information to take in. And I don’t always know how to interpret it and move my body accordingly. If I put a drink down, not only does it have to be somewhere impossible it be knocked over, but in the rare event that it did spill, nothing would be ruined.

Not sure if anyone else developed similar workarounds for clumbsiness I'm not uncoordinated, I'm good at sports and stuff like that. But I seem to zone out and get distracted and trip or run into stuff or do stuff like accidentally poke myself in the eye. Its annoying. It happens less when I take medicine so I think it is because of adhd. Yeah, clumsiness is a thing for some but not all of us. Also, part of being accident prone is perception and impulsivity. Maybe your hands work fine, but you fail to notice dangers until it's too late, or you do risky stuff that gets you in trouble more often than other people do. ADHD was DAMP at one point but they changed it because only about 25% had the motor function impairment (clumsiness). So yes, very much a thing.  Dyspraxia affects something like 50% of people with ADHD. Girlfriend and I both have ADHD. She is very accident prone, I'm highly dextrous on the other hand and never have issues like that. 

From my observations of her, the best way I can put it is that she has a margin of error about her movements. So reaching for an item on the table, she might be a bit too far from where her intent to place her hand is. These errors cause her to drop things a lot or fail to pick things up, knocking them over instead sometimes. Oh wow, you just articulated my experiences so well!

I am constantly misjudging distances between my body and my surroundings, as well as 'not seeing' objects in my environment, which can be insanely frustrating when I 'don't see' the same object that has been in the same place, several times a week.

Thank you for your comment, it's weirdly satisfying to know that I'm not suffering alone 😅 About 5 years ago, before I was even diagnosed, I switched to drinking exclusively out of water bottles and thermos' where I can for this exact reason! Remembering to close the lid between sips is a whole other challenge in itself, but it at least means when I do knock my bevvos over that it doesn't spill out as rapidly as in an open cup.

I literally only drink water and the occasional green tea though, so this definitely isn't a solution for everyone, haha Completely agree with all of this! My ability to “not see” things is astounding. My house was literally painted a new color and all I thought was “does something look weird today?” My neighbor was the one who commented on the color and alerted me to the change...

It also makes driving incredibly stressful. I can only drive when I’m medicated, and I have to gauge my state every single time to decide if it’s safe.

 