How do you take notes? I'm trying to get a system on taking notes. Currently [this is my](http://i.imgur.com/r4r1usK.png) color system, but I was wondering with you guys, what helps and what doesn't? I also try to use the same colors is it's by hand. (I have colored pens) 

Let me know how/what you do to help you please!  I take notes by writing everything as I go, just doing whatever I need to do to get all the info down. Then, I go back and type them all out. There, I use bullets and try to organize everything/elaborate on some stuff. That helps me learn the info better too. I handwrite. Even if you can type faster than you write, studies have shown that students who handwrite notes better retain the information. Especially in science/math-based classes, a hand is much more flexible than a keyboard.

If there are slides, I print those out first and take notes/highlight on them so I can listen to the professor instead of try to write down everything on the slide. I also record the lecture, so if I feel like I missed something, I can go back.

When just taking notes on notepaper, I only write down things I didn't already know or that I feel like I might forget (as well as the general topics being discussed so it has context). Trying to write down all the words being said often leads to not really taking in what they actually mean. Try to paraphrase what's being said in your own words and/or using shorthand. It will not only get it down faster, converting it into your own words helps you truly process the information.

A lot of people also organize information better in their head using ["map" style note-taking](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mDjIgks8VA) rather than the traditional outline. Especially if you don't really think linearly and/or like to doodle, it can create a much better visual representation of ideas for you. I actually create these mind maps as part of my studying based on my outline-style class notes.
 use pencil paper, you won't regret it, it helps you remember what you wrote down a lot

I also use google keep for making myself lists but for class stuff it's all in my notebook I use LectureNotes on my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1. I'm able to write notes by hand digitally and make an audio recording of the lecture at the same time. When I go back and review, the audio is synced with my notes so that I can see where I missed things.

As a bonus, LectureNotes helps keep me from browsing other websites or turning on games when I'm bored in class. I use OneNote on a Microsoft surface. It syncs the typing with the audio, and I switch to pen whenever I need a diagram. 

I just spam notes and then revisit them later that day to organize them better.  I use Bullet Journal with some funky customizations.  The act of writing it down, then checking it off (yes! I got it done!) is an excellent feeling.

The downside:  I misplaced my journal over the weekend........ Here's the method that got me through college (just graduated!) and that I'll be using when I start my PhD program this fall. I don't take notes in class. I find it distracting. Either I'm writing things down, or I'm listening to the lecturer. If I think I'm doing both, I'm just kidding myself.

Special systems are especially distracting to me. I used to start new orginizational systems all the time, and what I found was that every system that wasn't bare-bones simple turned into a distraction. Now, if I ever do need to write something down, I just put it in a single notebook where all my notes go together.

Lectures aren't usually a great way of conveying or picking up specific facts. That's what textbooks and the internet are for. Rather they're a great way to get the "story" or the "big picture" behind the facts, things that are easily lost in the note taking process. In the end, knowing the big picture actually helped me remember the facts, as I knew how they all fit together. (Lectures are also a chance to get specific questions answered by the teacher, something else notes can't do for you.) 

If you're nervous to make the leap to notelessness, something worth trying (if the teacher doesn't mind) is audio recording the lecture while you just sit and absorb.

**Tl;dr. Make class time about the lecture and asking questions, not about your notes.** I personally use Evernote because you can look at your notes, lists, or anything to post on there in general on both your computer and your phone. If you haven't checked it out, I highly recommend you do so. [deleted] Wunderlist. You can make lists and also share them. And it works on pretty much any platform. I use Notepad++ , didnt like evernote.

I especially like notepad++ Becuase you can create untitled/unsaved notepads/tabs and you dont have to save it. just close notepad++ and reopen it and its still there. Save only what you rea`lly realy want to save I've finally made the transition to using Notational Velocity for most of my classes. It makes it super easy to take notes from online readings, and I enjoy the search function for being able to find information. Plus, using markdown helps me stay somewhat interested in what's going on.   I used a livescribe pen. I really liked it for theory classes. For class notes, I just use a word processor (I like using LibreOffice over MS Word because I prefer the shortcuts). 

I save them immediately in their specific subjects. I break down my files for each subjects as Class Notes, Exam Review, Assignment X, Assignment Y, etc. All of these are saved immediately to Dropbox so I don't have to worry about losing them. 

If I need to learn terms, I make flash cards. I keep cue cards and a marker in my school case and then write them down. I review them on the bus. I also print out almost all my readings (I'm a political science major so a lot of them are scans, not textbooks) and highlight + annotate right on the page. I later go through my annotations for review notes. 

I don't use a colour system for notes, since I'm not all that visual and I find it easier not to do that. 

For task lists, I use a mix of a paper notebook and EverNote. EverNote is best used for assignments. All of my assignments go in one notebook and I copy a checklist (which suggests dates for completing certain tasks by a time line) from a tool that my school provides. 

I'm still trying to work out the paper notebook for tasks. I might switch to Bullet journaling at some point.  Honestly, a decent USB microphone and OneNote. Start the audio recording and tag it with important points. I still haven't perfected a method or color coding system, but I often will write things in pencil or black and as someone else mentioned below, will use a different color to emphasize or highlight certain things like keywords, definitions, important points, questions I have. I also add color to separate headers/topics, depending on what it is I'm taking notes with. I do this often when I'm making outlines/study guides. I have Stabilo pens. I love them because they write so smoothly. However, there are a LOT of colors in the pack I got from Amazon so it's kind of overwhelming, but I try to hone in on a few at a time. I also really like Sharpie ultra fine colored pens. They don't smear and write well, and the pack I got only came with four color so it isn't doesn't give me color overload. If you're in college an audio recorder is really helpful. Just make sure to ask if your professor is okay with it and explain why if needed.



Edit: I use three colored pens. One Note on an MBP and Surface Pro 3

Also Wunderlist and lots of emails to myself and google calendar reminders/events. Repetition does help me too, thanks for the tip!  I have to take MicroEcon so I'll probably handwrite my notes for that class, and I really like that "map" style. It's funny, it's so simple, why didn't I think of that before? Thanks /u/opineapple! 
 !!! You think like me! Except you have a REAL SYSTEM. Thank you, will save this post for future reference so i can actually read it. I always have a small Field Notes notebook in my back pocket. Really helpful. I also use evernote for pictures and such. Keeping it simple works best.  This is exactly what I do. Next quarter I am going to start recording lectures because in the two years I've been in school I've found taking notes during them means I miss what the teacher is saying. What I do now is read ahead, make notes from the book as much as I can, re-read them before the lecture, and maybe add a few things during lecture. This means that most of what I get out of lecture is better understanding of problem solving steps rather than information I need to write down. Basically I try to spend as much time as possible listening and very little time writing.  I've developed my own shorthand so I can quickly jot things down if I need to. Color coding requires switching pens and takes too much time so I will star, underline, or box things instead. If I am directly quoting my teacher in my notes I put that in quotation marks.  I tried it long ago and didn't like it, but I should give it a second chance. +1 to Evernote. There are multiple notebooks, you can use lists, you can color coordinate, and its super organized and all in one place. Plus you ca use the side tab to highlight notebooks you need easy access to Have you tried OneNote? It's an equivalent sort of program, but it's by Microsoft. It's part of some Microsoft Office suites, so you may even have it on your computer already. I definitely recommend it, it's WAY more robust of a program than Evernote. I use it constantly at work, and it even integrates with other office apps. I did that too, haha. But then i got addicted to fountain pens... I use Wunderlist! But not for class notes. Got bought by Microsoft may not be around much longer sadly.  What USB mic do you use? Is it small? I am in Grad school. What do you say to professors at the beginning of the semester?  I didn't like Evernote much either, but I somehow fell into an easy groove with Microsoft OneNote. I have it on every device I use, and all of my work notes sync up perfectly. I use somewhat of the same coloring scheme you have - I just use text color changes in OneNote instead. Plus I like how I can further break things down by "Notebook" (1st level), sections within the notebook (2nd level), and pages within the sections (3rd level). If data I have could be in two or more places, I can highlight some text and link it to there sections or pages elsewhere in OneNote. This is exceptionally helpful to me when intuition when looking for something takes me to one places, but a bulk of the information is stored in another.

It's all trial and error anyways. I'm routinely changing up how I organize things because...well...I've been learning how to actually organize for only two years now. And THIS has helped more than anything else. I liked being able to take pictures/vids of the board, slides, materials and put them right in the notes with 0 effort. That and being able to access my notes from any device is amazing. Have to wait at the dmv, no problem, evernote on phone - read over yesterdays notes on cleavage and schist. I'm hoping that's not the case. They intend to expand the features so it works with OneNote. I am hoping that's what happens.  I use a snowflake, it's pretty small. Keep in mind that decent microphones that work at range are hard to make small. I had a long response written, but misclicked. Wait until the end of the class, approach one on one and introduce yourself and let them know you're enrolled in their course. Then ask if you can record the audio of their lecture for your personal comprehension of the course material. If they are concerned about you not paying attention because you're recording it affirm that you will pay attention (at your discretion you can explain that you have addhd/add). If needed also clarify that you do not intend to share the recordings. Some professors may also ask for a copy for their records or possibly a podcast depending on the professor. One would provide a copy to students when they missed a class. Going to second OneNote as Evernote didn't work for me either. Love OneNote.

EDIT: I also have a Mac and it works just fine for me. I am also going to advocate for OneNote. I use it for *everything* - planning trips, keeping track of my finances (or trying to), as both an address and recipe book, keeping track of the maintenance of my fish tank, notes for work... everything. I've only recently gotten into it over the past few months, but even in that short time, it's helped me immensely, I literally cannot recommend it enough. [FINE](http://i.imgur.com/mOxFNNy.gifv) I'll get OneNote and try it. Plus it's free so, I'm all for that.  