ADHD - predisposition to Zingers TL;DR: I was wondering if anyone else has a predisposition to making humorous remarks or puns in their life?

I've had a fair wide background in my life, due to reading classical literature, listening to tons of different music, learning Latin and Greek roots, and spending hours upon hours reading through random Wikipedia articles. As such, it seems that in my life, I'm constantly bombarded with concepts or ideas popping in my head of things to say that connect a topic being discussed to obscure references. Usually, if I speak, either no one gets the reference, or it's one or two older people, not my peers.

Does anyone else experience this? Lol...quite often     Basically....your brain is twenty steps ahead of everyone else in the conversation, sometimes takes them a bit to catch up. ;P  Im 22 and am only just gaining control over what you're talking about. 

I think there's two parts in your post:

- Thinking of something funny/witty and wanting to say it immediately (inturrupting)

- Having a thirst for knowledge that puts you quite a few steps ahead of your peers. 

I believe that both of these things are common with ADHD. It's important to restrain yourself from blurting out too much as it can make others feel like you aren't listening to them. 

IMO, both of these things are a part of communication. When you are focused on what the other person is saying and trying to be an active listener, you will find the amount of internal thoughts/puns will lessen.

Also, being ahead of your peers in maturity and knowledge is not a bad thing, nor should you feel self-conscious about it. It IS important, however, that you recognize who your audience is and act appropriately, but easier said than done.  I am apparently known for fierce and unrelenting sass. Yes, and also predisposed to recognizing when other people are making them. I've noticed in class or in conversation, I'm usually laughing a full beat ahead of anyone else, and sometimes I'm the only one who gets there was a joke at all. (Oh, God, I hope they were meant to be jokes!) But I also laugh when people inadvertently say things like "do do" or "You're in" or "hard on"... You mean sarcasm?  Because I never do that...   Same. I often laugh to myself, so much so that when I start laughing, people start rolling their eyes because they know I’ve got one coming. 

But it makes me feel unwanted sometimes so there’s that too Ummm... well... people almost always laugh at my zingers, but I don’t just make references. I guess my brain, in an effort to entertain itself, is always looking for a way to make what’s happening into a joke. In addition, I’m quite socially skilled at this point, so I tai chi awkwardness and failed jokes into laughs and enjoyment pretty easily, but that took a long time and lots of failure. Story of my life. I make quick jokes that I think are hilarious and no one gets them... I think I can just link things together that other people wouldn't. Thank our brain for going 100mph I’m really good at improv All the time. I also like the pickle. My best friend and I both have ADHD and we both love puns. (She's much better at them than me, though) A friend once suggested I might have [Witzelsucht](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Witzelsucht) because of the many bad (occasionally brilliant) puns I'm compelled to make.  I do! Yes, but you have to be careful. A lot of times your references and jokes will come off as just being odd and kind of rude if you're not careful.  This is me! Though I'm more basic and tend to reference comedy writing / sitcoms so people tend to laugh even if they don't get the reference.

 I also get stuck on what I can only describe as "internal memes" a turn of phrase I hear can randomly gain catchphrase status in my head, but when I say it NOBODY understands why! And I can't even explain it because it's not even a joke!

Currently my thing is Roger Allam's character in a British radio show saying "Please, DO relax" in his super rich voice. It's not a joke/punchline I just love the way he says it, and the shades of meaning it has in the greater scene - he and another character (Anthony Head) are having a voiceover-off about who can sound the most soothing, so it's this deliberate mix of relaxing, smug and competitive tones.

I guess my point is everyone should listen to Cabin Pressure. It's hilarious and then we'd all get each other's references!

 Yes, to the extreme. I have come to regard this as an ineffective coping mechanism so now I'm trying to come up with real jokes as to at least exploit my sense of humor. My mates appreciate my puns though.  Friend:"Man I am hungry" 
Me:"Hungry you say" 
Friend:"yeah"
Me:"Have a snicker's" 
*Friend leaves chat 
Me: :( I feel like this is one of the major benefits of the condition. We’re able to draw conclusions and connections between seemingly disparate things which usually end up being of value.  I often find I'm 20 steps ahead but the steps my mind took took me to a different place than the conversion ends up heading and I have to mentally backtrack and find where I spaced out to catch up, only to find myself 21 steps in yet another direction 2 minutes later. I love the few seconds it take for people to process a joke and start laughing.  Twenty steps ahead or "oh what a cute dog you have!" I definitely feel self conscious about finding older people more relatable than my peers. I just don’t understand the banality of the thought processes of people whose brains don’t work at our pace who are typically people like my peers  > I've noticed in class or in conversation, I'm usually laughing a full beat ahead of anyone else

I've always suspected this was due to my ADHD, but it's nice to get some confirmation that others have the same experience. Not sarcasm How do you let yourself go enough to do improv?  In casual conversations I can quickly come up with something witty but in a situation where it's expected of me to improv I clam up and can't think of anything This. My wife’s family is always think I’m some genius because I can recall what color shirt someone was wearing from a previous interaction like weeks ago.. 

Nope... definitely no genius, i honestly was staring at your shirt and thinking about why companies don’t make shirts with similar colors more often, and what if any analytics go into determining shirt color sales, is it by region? Is it by brand? Is there a specific season that more red shirts are sold? What about in the Midwest? Compared to areas like Canada? Do Canadian companies have the same metrics they base their sales on? What about the exchange rate? That has to have something to do with it. Like shipments of blue shirts may weigh less that green? Or no!? 

... I have no idea what they were saying, but so many collections of self thought like that. Which sometimes puts me ahead in certain conversations about certain topics.

Ahhhh if only I could draw solid conclusions about important stuff  If you can't relate to them, that doesn't mean you are necessarily smarter or more mature. It could mean you just lack social skills. Don't fall into the trap of thinking the reason you can't communicate with your peers is because you are somehow above them. In all likelihood your lack of ability to relate means you are behind in social skills, not the other way around. 

Fell into that trap before, until reality Bitch slapped me across the face  Try to elaborate instead of just saying no. :) We tend to be poor communicators and that's definitely a nono for communication. Not OP and I haven't done improv in a long time, but I found three main guidelines that really helped:

1) Always say "Yes". No matter how absurd or stupid one of your co-performer's ideas or suggestions may seem to be, never ever shut them down. Roll with it and then elaborate on it. Working off other people's ideas also helps alleviate the creative burden on you.

2) Accept the fact that you're going to fuck up sometimes. You often won't be funny and that's perfectly okay. No one gets it right all of the time. Even the comedic geniuses on Whose Lines Is It Anyway had lots of takes that were never broadcast, and they're some of the best in the business with years of experience under their belts. If you accept the fact that you're not always going to be funny, it's a lot easier to relax and go with your instincts while doing improv, which is the best thing you can do. You've got the natural ability, but it won't come if you're concerned about the fact that you will inevitably fuck up a bunch of the time.

3) Have fun! The song of my people! You have no idea how much that scenario resonates with me! 

It can be a double sided coin. Sometimes our thought processes lead to some cool observations.  Other times it can just result in being completely off the mark. I swear people either think I’m super smart and know a ton about loads of different things or they think I’m an absolute moron because it can take me longer to get to grips with something I’m forced to. 

Currently I’m training to be an accountant and I’m struggling with the super intense exams. I’m getting sick of people telling me “you’re so smart you can definitely pass these exams” whilst in my head I’m thinking “you really have no idea why I’m struggling with this but it’s nothing to do with intelligence”. 
 I understand what you mean. Re-reading my original comment I sound like an arrogant prick. I think I meant more that I think on a tangential plane to some of my peers but I’ve found my friends who also have adhd seem to get my thinking more and I get theirs more too. 

I can definitely relate, I often end up being the life of a party. It’s more that whilst I do relate it’s not always really satisfying to me.  