I'm entering high school in a week. Any advice?  I was diagnosed in 6th grade and I graduated HS last year. General tips:

1) Get 8 hours of sleep.  It may sound lame right now, it sounded lame to me to have to sleep from 10:30-6:30, but the improvement in focus and mental capacity was far beyond that of anything else (including medication).  Just do it

2)  Organize everything.  That fucked me repeatedly until I was a senior.  Make sure you have a tab in your binder for each class at least.  Write down due dates

3)  Study and do homework in solitude and silence, no phones, no music, no talking etc...  You WILL work quicker and have more time to do all of that guilt free after all of your work is finished.  I also had trouble doing homework at my house (too much temptation), so I'd try to do it at a library or at school wherever I was welcome after hours.

4)  Study hall.  ADHD and study halls go hand in hand.  Drop a class for a study hall if you don't have one.  I can't stress how important a study hall environment is if you have trouble concentrating and doing homework/studying.

5)  Make friends and have fun, don't worry too much.  You should try to make the best grades possible for the most opportunities.  ADHD, as much as you can do to help it, will never entirely go away and you probably won't meet your expectations of yourself.  If you get b's and c's, don't over stress it, you'll still have plenty of opportunities.

TL;DR:  8 hours of sleep, **STUDY HALL**, enjoy life 

   Time your Vyvanse so it lasts during all your classes. My high school started at 8am but my Vyvanse on lasted 3-4 hours. School didn't end till 3pm. So I started taking my Vyvanse around 10am instead. Make sure you bring water to drink throughout the day. And also eat a big breakfast and eat well at lunch.

As for non medicine tips: write EVERYTHING down in a planner. If you have a test Friday, start with the Saturday or Sunday before that and write "Test Math Friday. Study!" every single day in the planner. This reminds you to study everyday so you don't cram. Do this for all homework and assignments. Staying organized is the key to success. I'm in college now and this works well for me; I will get a syllabus in advance, take a Vyvanse on the weekend, and literally write all the due dates in my planner for the whole year. It should only take a few hours. 

Workout everyday and play sports if you don't already.

Be open to making new friends.

If you can, get a SAT or ACT study guide and start studying for it. It's really important that you score well on it. Could be the difference between getting scholarships for college. 

Lastly, get things done in advance. If you have extra time on say, Monday, then complete your homework that isn't due until Friday. 

You could also stay after school in a library or open class room everyday to complete homework and be done with it. Maybe only for 20-45mins everyday. This will get your homework for the day out of the way and you'll still be focused because you're in school.

Freshman year does really count, so don't blow it off! Take it seriously and you'll be happy you made awesome grades when you graduate. Imagine how nice it would be to have all your college paid for with scholarships. I didn't get any and it's gonna be a bitch to pay off all my loans.

Last piece of advice: get help if you don't understand something. Teachers are usually really helpful and actually want to help you. 

I think this is probably the longest post I've ever made. Mostly because I'm on an addy high and super bored.

Probably filled with errors too because I'm typing on my phone at 500 letters per minute (maybe idk lol).

Goodluck and let me know if you have any questions!  If you forget to bring your books / bring the wrong ones to class:

Get stickers in different colors (or cut pieces of paper in squares, color them and paste them to your study books) and get a different color for each class.
Make a couple of schemes and color code the classes in the same colors as your books. Hang one in your study room, your locker, and have one in your bag at all times. 
Makes it easier to bring all the right books.

I always brought EVERY book I had to prevent forgetting to take them to my classes. Bad idea cause you'll always have 8 kg of books with you. 

Edit: Don't bring your phone to class / turn it off. If you don't have problems with being quiet, try to sit in the back of the room (I always used to turn around hundreds of times for the slightest noise to see what's going on). 

If possible, take multiple (I don't know the English words) math triangle and circle things to school so you'll always have a second one if you lose one. 

Have an extra pair of keys and put them in your bag so you can get inside the house if you forget to take them with you to school.

If your teacher allows it, and if it helps you, take a separate piece of paper to draw on so you don't draw on your books. Doodling helped me focus when the teacher was talking. 

Edit 2: Try to regularly make recaps of your chapters, especially when they're written in plain text. Use lots of bullets, bold text, use highlighters sparingly. 

And tryyy to write your notes in a way that you can read them afterwards. I had a huge problem with this one, haha. 

Edit 3: Always have some pocket money with you, in case you forget to bring your lunch.  Do your best not to let others' opinions on your own idiosynchrasies define you. High school age kids can be exclusionary, judgemental, and and plain mean, just like anyone of any age. Just as other people may not understand you or how you think, do not assume you understand how others think of you. Understand your own weaknesses and the hard things for you and do your best to improve upon them. Be better in some way than the person you were yesterday. Be patient. Be kind. Know that growing up and through high school is both a long and short experience that most everyone goes through. Good luck and ask if you have questions. 1. Don't be a clown in class. Learn what you need to learn, it'll set you up for life.
2. Do your homework as soon you get home while the medication is still working.
3. Take medication, Vyvanse is great because it doesnt ruin social skills.
4. Socialize during recess and lunch, thats your time to have a break and muck around with friends.
5. When you get to select subjects, pick subjects that YOU are interested in, don't pick subjects because anyone else said you should or because someone else is doing it, do what you like and what you are good at.
6. Make friends, be nice, but dont be lame or seem weak.
7. Start working, lifting weights. Highschool is full of dickheads, it can be a Darwinian system in highschool unfortunately. Put on some muscle and noone will fuck with you.
8. EAT. You are growing, you need to give your body the energy it needs to grow big, fight the medication's appetite-suppressing qualities.
9. Get a tan. Girls love tans.
10. Take care of your looks, and dont act like a try hard. Senior in high school also starting in a week. I'm trying to recover my GPA from my terrible Freshman Year. Someone above mentioned organization. I can't stress this enough. If I was organized throughout my 3 previous years, i would have done much much better. Get yourself a filing cabinet, hold onto all old assignments and tests and organize by class and semester/quarter. This will be so helpful. Another important thing is to push for the highest GPA you can this year. Starting out with a high GPA will make your next three years much easier and less stressful. Take AP courses as they affect your GPA more and will give you AP Credits which save you time and money in college. Also, learn to study. My first two years of HS was basically staying up till 3AM before the test day. Don't do that. Start your studying in advance, especially for science and history courses.  

TLDR: Learn to Study, Chose courses you're good at, start off with a high GPA, take AP's, stay organized. Do all of this and you'll likely get into the college of your choice.  [deleted] I'm a girl, but thanks for the advice. Vyvanse 