I don't find "relaxing" videos relaxing at all. Especially the obnoxious music. I don't know if this is an ADHD thing, but I can't stand much with the exception of silence, flowing water or footsteps on concrete. Hell, even an idle chainsaw is more relaxing.

Does anyone else have this problem? Yeah no all those fake nature noises are obnoxious and make me more antsy, if anything Try color noise. White noise is your basic randomness shoved into a speaker, but I have basically fallen in love with red and brown noise (they bias toward lower frequencies). Better yet, color noise does a great job of blocking out what others consider "relaxing" (or even "music"). Just don't listen to one color (or color noise in general) for too long or you'll get dizzy.

Now for the co-rant:  
"Walmart radio, you need to SHUT UP. I am trying to work." At this point I hate just about any song that is made by a modern "artist". Mostly because their stuff ends up being played everywhere and I therefore have to listen to it all the time, and I get frustrated because it makes it 5x harder to accomplish anything. I thought it was just me😊 Because they are not stimulating. Thats why they are relaxing. You will need to learn to enjoy the irony.  I like the simple ones like waves/ocean or plain white noise. If I don't have to write or read too much then I listen to some fairly intense metal lol [deleted] It's all about the woodturning videos for me.  Watching some beardy dude in the throes of a midlife crisis turn a hunk of firewood into a bowl on his lathe is relaxing af to me.  Generally turn the sound off though.  In case you don't get to all the comments mynoise.net > brainwave section. There are presents for relaxing and focusing which i can use under other music that helps me focus or relax and actually noticably helps. I used to use it pre-medication.  Yea same pot sucks now fucks with my anxiety. weed I also hated meditation and all the muscle relaxation world music guru stuff, but ASMR helps me tremendiously. Maybe try that. True.

[EDIT]
"antsy" was the word I was looking for to describe how it feels. I find louder music more relaxing when studying. It's better at removing the "noise" or whatever to call it. To add to this mynoise.net is great for this under the brainwave section. I use the focus presents on the binaural beats at work all day under my regular focus music. Plus the relaxing setting actually helps. Why are you always listening to that weird music?

How can you endure listening to that common music? 

Which showcases different ways of thinking. You dont really need to have ADHD for that to happen to you, lots of people hate commercial music more everyday.  That really is ironic. The iron-y is that I prefer metal. I can't help but laugh at the thought of some guy just shouting this into the microphone.

Even better yet, if JackSepticEye did that.

"*whapoosh* TOPO'DAMORINGTOYALADDIES MY NAME IS JACKSEPTICEYE AND WELCOME TO MY ASMR VIDEO!!" I don't get how these things become reality. I dunno what ASMR stands for, I don't have the brain to remember things I don't get or like.

I watched a few vids partly. The only fascination I had was the fascination why this fascinates people. That itself is fascinating.

They annoy me. It makes me want to do bad things to them. There is this agitation that creeps up on me and I want to scream. Someone mentioned a chainsaw...

 Pots? What did pots do to you?

No, seriously, what do you mean by "pot"? Your comment has nothing to do with the post, but pot does the same to me.  Because it catches your attention and is stimulating. Marijuana.  Ah, of course. Sorry, brain's been in a knot. You don't need to apologize, I understand perfectly. :) 