Need help organising. Any tips? How do you go about organising stuff? I realise that I need to have everything organised to be able to think and function clearly. As if organising to begin with was not a problem. It's a vicious circle. So whether it's organising my clothes or my books or even the folders on my laptop- everything seems haphazard. I find some success by labelling and segregating things but then I forget the flow of segregation and then feel like I need to write that down in bold and put it up somewhere. But I'd have to do that with everything in my life! I work independently as a freelancer and even though repetition is boring, I find that a routine works best for me. In fact, sometimes I get anal if there are things that interfere with my routine. And if there's no routine, then everything is all over the place. So, it's all or nothing. Does this even make sense? Dude if you figure it out, let me know. It's super hard for me. I try and get overwhelmed by my desire for a Martha Stewart house and panic and give up.  My gosh, yes! I sometimes watch YouTube videos titled with things like: how to organize your closet. Or whatever place seems to be too messy. Good luck! Put out download folder as a shortcut on your desktop. Create a folder where you unarchive downloaded stuff. Put that there too.

Use D: for programs, not C: Make a folder for Utilities. Make a folder for Personal Files. In PF, make subfolders for Financial, Work, Study and what else is big in your life. Invoices, work assignments, courses and related info.
Make a folder 'Misc' for unclassifiable. 

Use a file utility, like Total Commander. Pin regular folders above the panes. 

Use Thunderbird with Lightning for tasks and planners. Create agenda's for work, study, household etc.

----------------------------------
For papers, use multo's. Make many. One for taxes, for invoices. The one for invoices needs tab sheets. Make categories for stuff you buy much. Books, electrorelated, toys, whatever. Furniture. Games. Make one to bind your health insurance and other insurance things. One for bank related. 

Use binders. Buy many. Different colors. For water company mailings, electra, ISP, clubs, like book club, neighborhood vigilate watch, hell, whatever can be categorized and produces paper into your mailbox. 

Buy these binder cases, or magazine storage things so they stay upright. Put all these together on a bookshelf. That is your office. Get a single mailtray thingie. All that comes in, goes there. Papers may NEVER float on the couch, coffeetable, floor, in fridge. 

ALWAYS open mail as you walk in with it, before dumping your jacket and shoes. 

Get stickers for mailbox: no local stupid ass advertising weekly newspaper things. No periodicals. No 'free magazines'. You want only official mail. No plastic wrapped advertising bundles. Check wit your country's No Paper Wasting whatever organization if they have these stickers.

Normal books, get tabs at a stationers. 

Plan a trip, make it a day! at the stationers. 

START a stationers business! The one and only job ADHD'ers ever need. 

 Clothes I sort by type, then color, so all short sleeved shirts are together and then separated by color (then on gradients for the different color, so light green---dark green). 

Books are sorted by alfabet (literature) or topic for old school stuff, cook books etc. Part of my books are in another bookcase and those are sorted by color. (Lacked space in one bookcase and just re-homed the uniform looking ones). 

(I might be slightly overdoing it at the moment, but it is *really* calming for me).

What helped a lot was to first do a 'pre-Marie Kondo' where I just removed all the obvious trash things from my whole home. Then I did the whole sorting thing by the actual book.

Once I was left with just the stuff I wanted to keep, organizing that was a lot easier because I finally had some more space to shuffle things around in. 

Besides that, I try to keep stuff grouped, so I have one closet for hobby/crafting type of stuff, one closet for important papers etc. It helps me to remember the flow, if I need a crafting type of thing, it will be in the crafting cupboard, so I feel like I need to remember a lot less.  Hahaha! Same here.
 