Hairstyling Woes Does anyone else here feel like you've never liked the way your hair has looked/ never know how to get your hair cut styled?

For background I'm male 26, and I have never once had a hair style I liked. I've gone from hair past my shoulders, to buzz cut, and everything in between. Every time I go to get it cut it's the same story, I barley remember I have an appointment, thank god the girl that cuts my hair texts me my appointment the day before, at which point I think about my hair for the first time since my last haircut. After  determining I want to change it I spend all of 15 minutes looking at pictures of models with overstyled haircuts that belong in a modern art museum then I either give up and decide to keep it the same or make some drastic change, like cut just the left side off. 

Once I'm at the appointment and sitting in the chair, I mumble something to my hairstylist about wanting something shorter I guess, and yeah keep the sideburns, and trim the edges, not having a clue what I'm really asking for. I'll sit there daydreaming so intensely that she could shave a penis on my head and I wouldn't even notice. At the end she asks how does it look and I wake out my trance like state to say "um yeah, it looks good". Another appointment is made and the cycle continues.

I know this might be vain, but I deserve a good haircut damnit. Please tell me I'm not the only one who can list a never ending bad hair day as a symptom of their ADHD. How do you generally style your hair? Try going to a barber. I like my current haircut I just got. 

 * ask for a mid taper/fade on the sides. maybe a 2 at the bottom if you don't like your skin showing much, or a 1 at the bottom if you're fine with that. 
 * Leave an inch or more on the top, depending on your preference. Mine is about.. 2-2.5 inches. 
 * Ask for a hard part (they make a distinct parting line)
 * Ask for the hair to be longer at the bottom half of the part. For example: a 1/2 on the sides, tapered/faded to a 2/3 but for the hair directly under the part you may want about .5-1". 

Obviously this is going to be a form of a combover haircut. you can leave it fairly flat, or you can put some volume into the top. Maybe give it a shot? I can give you photos of what it could look like if you'd like. The lady who cuts my hair just makes the choice for me and tells me how to style it. Ever since that happened I have been quite happy with my cut. She knows what will look good with my face/coloring/etc much better than I do.  I'm female so maybe my advice might not be so applicable to you but have you tried changing up the colour?

I have actually got really short hair (i'm talking like mens short) and i tend to mix up my colour (using box dyes from the store for all over or getting it done properly when I want highlights etc). It leaves me more satisfied as my current hair cut was boring the heck outa me when I was brighter but since dying it dark during the week, I love it :D hahah! this is so surprisingly relatable. I didn't realize i did this too until you made this post. yes, you're not the only one with this lmao.

I always just randomly decide to do things to my hair and end up not reaaaally liking how it looks. I take far too long to decide what I actually want, and go "fuck it, just a trim" and take whatever suggestion the stylist suggests. Ive never LOVED any of my cuts too. 

my hair has been many random colours because of this as well lol

this post was so silly and relatable. made my day :) I use my hair as my Impulse Control Pressure Valve. I hurl my impulsivity into it. Feel like giving myself a trim? Sure! Bangs? Let's do it! Shave my head? Yup! Sidecut? Yuuuuuuuup! Blue? Done. Bleach? Done.

Ironically, I have a mohawk for the second time, it's probably my fav. My wife has gotten REALLY used to getting texts at random going "Hey I need you to finish shaving the other half of my head tonight"....

Well, it's a short-ish wide mohawk that is currently like fairy unicorn colored, but. Over the past two years, it's also been black, orange, yellow, red, teal, red with blue ends, oil slick.... That's actually a cool idea I had never really considered, so just mebe I'll try it. I second RSPucky! I have short hair for the lady-sort of human. I actually DO have the left side of my head shaved. Well, a section from my temple to me ear. AND I change up the color all of the time and have multiple colors in at once. The best part is when they start to fade as time goes on. The fading isn't always even among the dyes, so I get interesting tones and shifts in color as it fades. I'm a fan of unnatural hair colors- Manic Panic is awesome.
When I get a new cut (like totally new, not a refresh), I take pictures along with me, show them to the stylist and say "I like this, this, and this each of these pictures. Can you do something like that that would work with my face?" And then I sit back and see what happens.  