Trouble organizing thoughts onto paper/in head. I'm curious if anyone has any tips to help with this issue, like a template or maybe how they cope with organizing ideas and thoughts, paper or otherwise.  I like to use project planner notepads instead of traditional paper when I'm at the organizing step in my writing. It allows me to put the bigger ideas/topics in the column on the left, and gives me space to write either the smaller details or the actual draft of what I want to say on the lines next to the topic heading.  It also helps me keep from getting lost when I have an off-topic thought. I can just jot it down in a different area and then jump back to where I was. Here's a link to a notepad in that style:

http://www.officedepot.com/mb/a/products/752476/Ampad-Gold-Fibre-Classic-Project-Planner/fromLocalBrowse=false 

I also find that getting brightly colored copy paper in a bunch of different colors helps for when I have a really big project, especially if there's a larger presentation involved (example: I'm currently using this method for an appellate brief with oral argument). I'll use a different color sheet for each topic, write down my main ideas with a sharpie, and then physically put them in order the way I want it in my final draft. It helps when I'm actually doing the writing because it breaks it into manageable chunks. It also helps me recall the information more quickly in the presentation. 

Hope this helps!! Meds. Meds def have made me plan more effectively by remembering to commit thought to paper and follow through. Granted, I still use my phone for memos and without it I would be lost. and i also write the same thing in duplicate on paper but still forget from time to time. Best I can tell you is to use different color codes and highlighters in order to prioritize and differentiate ideas from actual tasks. I don't do this personally because I don't derive any benefit from it, but it may help you. My therapist has recently made me start doing certain exercises to help compartmentalize/organize where things belong by taking a laundry basket, filling it with everything that's not in the right place, taking each individual item one at a time and placing it where it needs to belong so that I can separate what's important from what's not important. It helps me, but now I need a 2nd laundry basket for my clothes lol. Thanks! That'd probably help. I currently have like five different notepads, all to write my thoughts down. When I just need one dedicated notebook, similar to what you recommended.

I think another thing that makes it more difficult is sometimes its not really a specific subject I'm trying to plan. It's just thoughts I'm jotting down but I don't have set categories to organize said thoughts into. 