I'm so proud of myself... I'm working out, actually keeping with it, and someone noticed!! Hello hello, fellow ADHDears! (Can we make that a thing? I'm making that a thing.) Just a quick thing this morning. I work as a Major Appliance Expert at a stand alone mall store that has a thing for the color red and 3 letter acronyms. While that's not important, I got a call saying that a new washer was delivered to the dock and I needed to go collect it. No sweat, it's on a pallet, so I got a pallet jack and was wheeling it back to my department.

As I was taking it out of the dock I passed by a coworker who commented on how I looked slimmer.

Her: Hey! Have you been working out?

Me: Huh? Uh, actually, yeah. I have! How'd you know?

Her: Well, you *look* smaller. And you're usually wearing your [work appliance] shirt. Looking good!

I'm so freaking stoked! Fitness and I have a complicated relationship. I was really healthy in high school but always associated "fitness" with "school" and only worked out when I was at practice. I saw it as a means of doing the things I liked, not something I could continue doing for fun. So after going to college and experiencing several mental meltdowns (and loooots of French fries), I gained the Freshman 35. And kept getting bigger.

Now at 29, I realize that it'll be a ton harder to lose this weight as I get older. And a great kick in the pants in terms of motivation is that my oldest brother is my married in less than a month and I'm tired of feeling bad in formal dresses. So instead of constantly berating myself to get in shape, I'm reminding myself that not reaching my main goal is ***OK***. I don't have a timeline for weight loss, and that's helped keep the ADHD overachiever/procrastinating thoughts at bay.

Just figured I'd post this since it's been so hard to get motivated while keeping the fear of failure and actually getting started in check. And I'm working out after work today - - and I'm excited about it!

Anyone else working out or worried about starting? What are your motivations/fears? Hash out those concerns here if you need people to bounce those thoughts off of!  I’ve always set out to complete a 90 day workout video but never have successfully finished. I just came back to it yesterday after a 3 week hiatus lol  I've been working out since from February 2016. I started and stopped so many times until May 2017, where I've been going 5 days a week without fail, I'm addicted somehow. I don't feel like I can function properly unless I work out.

Noticing change in yourself is great, but when it's someone else it's even better. I'm super fucking proud of u. I hope you keep at it and set more goals for yourself <3
 I recently started going but I’ve been pretty inconsistent because I had classes (currently in college). Now that summer is here, I can start getting consistent with going to the gym. How often would you recommend going per week?  Nice!! That's really, really awesome, good for you!! Hey, at least you came back to it! That's something to give yourself credit for!  Thank you so much!! I'm working to get to the addicted stage, too!  I've been going 4 times a week only because I'm also nursing a prior back injury. But make sure to vary the workouts through the week so things don't get stale. And, keep in mind, that working out super hard from the get-go is the fastest way to get turned off of working out. Don't strain yourself but don't go super easy, either! Get a good burn and sweat going but not so much where you can't move the next day (that was my first mistake working out!) Over time, if you feel you should work out more, add a day or two, even. But be sure to get some rest days in for stretching, yoga, whatever you need.  Thanks so much! I'm pretty pumped!  