Anyone have any tricks for getting boring or tedious tasks done without the use of medication? **REPOSTED with a better title at the suggestion of the first commentor on my earlier post.**

Hi all, I have seen you all help so many other ADHD students with their issues, I was hoping you might be able to help me with mine. First, a little context. I go to a very academicly challenging boarding school, and love it. I thrive in a busy environment (like many of you, I don't deal well with downtime). However I am having a lot of trouble doing my junior year AP US reading, it is very dry so it is really hard to concentrate. Every night we have about 20 pages of reading, and some nights I will start it and not finish it, other nights I won't even be able to start it. This is effecting my grade, I have a C/C+ average in AP US when in every other class (including other AP courses) I am in the B+ to A+ range.


I take 40mg of vyvanse every morning at around 7:30. This has worn off by the end of the day when I sit down to do the reading. Because of the hectic life of boarding school I don't have time to complete reading during the day, only in the evening once my meds have worn off. I really don't want to take more medication in the evening simply because it would screw with my already wacky sleep schedule. So are there any tricks that veterans of this class or others like it might have to share with me? Are there any ways that I might make it more interesting (I have tried rewards systems with candy, but my self control is really low and I just end up eating it all before I finish). Any suggestions would be MUCH appreciated!


PS. Forgive any weird typos, I am writing this on my phone.

**TL;DR Anyone have any tricks for getting boring or tedious tasks done without the use of medication?** Music or an audio book( a really good one ) helps keep me entertained and the time go by faster.   Something that my coach shared with me and has worked surprisingly well is creating a working environment that is not too comfortable.  Since you are in dorms (I assume), utilize library or desk space instead of trying to do homework in bed or on a comfy couch.  I know it's not a profound or life changing trick, but it can help motivate you to push through boring tasks.   Work on it for 30 minutes, take a brain break (surf reddit) for 15 minutes, work for another 30 minutes, do something physical for 15 minutes (throw in a load of laundry or dance to music, repeat as needed.

Set a timer for each segment and promise yourself to stick to it. This got me through boring tasks at work for years before I knew I had ADD. This happens to me, although i am working, not in school.  As soon as I get home I exercise.  Do 20-30 minutes of exercise that will get your blood pumping.  Rinse off then sit down and do your reading.

I really cant recommend regular exercise enough to people with ADD. It helps with SO MANY THINGS. Maybe see if a higher Vyvanse dose will help. While we don't really gain a tolerance, our expectations and commitments do tend to get higher when we are medicated. Maybe if you don't need the Vyvanse for the first class try taking it a little later...

Gum could be a good self-reward (sugar free). This will help stimulate you as well through the chewing.

Set a timer so you don't spend TOO much time reading and give yourself a little 'time is running out' stress to stimulate you.

 Chips of time help me. Set a timer for 2-5 minutes and see how much you can get done in that short time. 5 minutes of real focus can be a real gift for me. Well, so, my course of study involves tons of reading too.  Boring-ass reading.  And tons of math and science problems.  

I got myself a big white board.  As I read, I write stuff on the white board that I need to emphasize.  When I do problems, I pretend like I'm explaining the problem to someone else, which helps me understand better what I'm doing.  I write on that white board a lot.

For reading, sometimes I read things aloud, and then take really meticulous notes.  It feels like doing something physical like writing things down while I read actually cements things in my brain. 

Also, set timers while you read.  Read for 20 minutes, then take a break, then get back to it.  Make sure it's a short break during which you actually physically get up and do something else.   I love audio books, it is how I consume all my summer reading and AP Junior english books (in conjunction with following along and annotating the actual text). I am not sure if I can get my History text book in audio form. It is *Give me Liberty!* by Eric Foner if anyone has any experience with this particular book.

**Ninja Edit:** I also always listen to music while studying! I have found electronic stuff or heavier stuff with a consistent sound are the best for me while working. Thank you so much, I will most certainly try this.  I've gotten a lot better at studying at a desk or in the library than on the couch or in bed.  
 I am not sure how effective that will be with my specific issue, but I will definitly try it, thanks! I know! I completely agree, finding time in my schedule can be really tough, but I excersize when I can. It really clears my brain, and gives me time to self reflect.  If I am being honest I am not a fan of the ideas you suggested, however just the idea of chewing gum to help stimulate my brain is really great. Thanks so much for contributing.  Ooh, I like that idea, I will try that tonight, thanks!  Thanks! These are really great over all ideas, and ones I will apply to all my homework (some I do already, like the meticulous note taking). Like others have siad, I will definitely start taking study breaks as well. I study so much better when I listen to music. Tough for me to focus if it's anything with lyrics, but if I throw on a movie score playlist on Pandora or some Baroque then you better believe I'm gonna hunker down. For me, my kitchen counter has been my place of choice.  It's functional, big and definitely not cozy. I guess there is something to it....... use the chrome app "strict Pomodoro", it blocks all distracting websites for 25 minutes and then gives you a break afterwords Yes that's how I am too. I like audio books for things mindless like cleaning. I like music that doesn't distract me too much but still keeps me going. Is this the same for people with out ADD? 
 Big.  Big is key.  You know, is it just me or do we need space to spread out and fidget and move more?  I like the library for studying because of the big, huge tables and the quiet rooms.  I can just spread my stuff all over and not have to focus on organizing my pens or papers or books, and don't have to worry about my elbows bumping things or my knees hitting things.  Feeling constrained destroys my concentration. I LOVE big spaces for working!  I assume that's why I choose my bar/counter.  Plus, I like to sit up high which is completely unrelated and just a personal preference :)  I also like the big table at the library which I take over A LOT during breaks!  I like to spread out because it helps to keep me organized.  No piles to rummage through and I can have everything I would need to do something in front of me without searching or getting up.    Yes, it seems like being able to just take over a whole corner table at the library (preferably one of the upper floors with a nice view of the city so that I can space out and rest my eyes during breaks) is about the perfect studying situation for me.  I tend to use a lot of pens.  Like, I have a set of 8 colorful highlighters and about 10 fine point colored sharpies I use to color code my notes, and I just scatter those everywhere.

My boyfriend's son is 5 and really into being organized, so when I study at home, he'll sit next to me at the table and keep my pens organized for me.  It drives him nuts to see them scattered around.  He makes me ask for each color as I need it (which is fine, because he's learning his colors, anyway).  This also usually leads to him drawing me lovely pictures, too.  He is awesome!!  Doodles from kids are always so fun!  Their brains work in amazing and creative ways!

Funny thing about me is that I am nearly OCD with organizing my work area but I think it's only because I know it will annoy and distract me! If I focus on organization while studying, I'll hyperfocus on it.  Even when note-taking, I notice that I sometimes get way too into making my  notes pretty, or drawing the perfect diagram, rather than actually learning the material.  I waste so much time on this that it's more constructive for me to just forget about it and keep my face glued to the page until my eyes bleed.  

Also, yes, he draws some super awesome pictures.  The last one, in his own words, was, "Me and my brother climbing a mountain, and there's a cow that says moo, and a haunted house with a ghost that says *whoooooo*, and a spaceship in the sky, and these are some flowers I drew for you."  

Another was, "this is my drawing of electricity.  See?  This is the red electricity and this is the blue electricity, and this is the outlet for the TV where they meet up."  I was studying circuits for physics and he was totally fascinated by all the symbols for capacitors and resistors.  