Off the Map: People with disabilities who rely on local public transit are getting squeezed between gentrification and austerity.  If I'm honest I've never felt that public transport was very accessible. Even in west london, the public transport is very inaccessible.  Disability is the cardinal sin under neoliberalism, and austerity the weapon against it. Speculative developers -- and allies like real estate agents -- routinely target residents with disabilities for hostile environment housing harassment^1 even when they are not tenants of the builder or broker, simply to maximize the density of high earners and thus their profits.

Remember that it did take 150 diverse disability rights activists occupying the U.S. federal building in San Francisco for 25 days in 1977 -- during the Section 504^2 sit-in -- to win that federal civil right to accessible public builings and programs to begin with in the U.S.


1 - See the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988 at 42 U.S.C. sections 3604(f), 3617 & 3631, authorizing 24 C.F.R. 100.400(b), 100.500, and 100.600(a)(2) (HUD 2016). Conduct under 42 U.S.C. 3631 can reach a federal felony hate crime.

2 - See 29 U.S.C. secs. 794-794a, 28 C.F.R. 42 sub. G (1980). See also <https://umasshistory.wordpress.com/2015/07/08/sitting-in-for-disability-rights-the-section-504-protests-of-the-1970s/>,
> According to Judith Heumann, “Blind people, deaf people, 
>wheelchair users, disabled veterans, 
>people with developmental and psychiatric disabilities and many 
>others, all came together.” What we're seeing in these urban cores is the end-stage of the inner city redevelopment patterns rising since the '90s, without pause for the 2008 global financial crisis in S.F., due to Silicon Valley's social media boom. S.F., N.Y.C., and London are fairly apples-to-apples in that regard, resulting in years of steady exodus by natives and long-time residents. 

The Bay Area has seen low-income outer suburbs rapidly spring up, reminiscent of Newark or Coney Island, but without the transportation infrastructure to get those residents to the periphery of regional rail for an affordable commute into the City.

Unlike council housing in Britain, or projects on the East Coast, no public housing to speak of has been added to the rental stock in over 25 years, and like other U.S. cities medical bankruptcy is the number one cause of homelessness.

 As the article points out, however, the accessibility of public transportation is often better in gentrified areas. The examples the article uses, e.g. SF, D.C., have quite good accessibility for their public transportation. The problem being discussed by the article is that it's problematic that accessible public transportation is mostly found in these expensive areas that many struggle to live in. > .

I understand that in America the public transport situation is clearly different to that of the UK. To be honest the biggest problem is housing. The reason that gentrification happens in the first place is because housing becomes too expensive in nice areas so the middle class begin to move into poor areas and subsequently make prices higher there too. You can see a perfect example of this in Melbourne Australia without even technically leaving the city, board a wheelchair accessible tram in the CBD free tram zone, travel a few stops west, less than 2km, good fucking luck getting off that tram because there are no wheelchair accessible tram stops outside the main CBD.

The tram itself goes to the inner suburbs, but the accessibility of the stops themselves drops off as soon as you're out of the gentrified area of melbourne.

I live in a suburb that is rapidly becoming gentrified, and I've recently seen our old curb stops getting replaced with proper smartbus stops, slightly more accessible for general mobility needs but still not wheelchair accessible.

Of course, rent is sky-rocketing and they've just closed 5 community transition houses, so who is using the fancy new bus stops? Not the elderly retirees who used to live here and struggle onto the bus to the library every day, they no longer have to struggle onto the bus, but they struggle to pay rent until they're forced out.

I was only able to move to this area because my physical therapy has been going so well my chair is temporary enough in my life that we even compromised on a unit with stairs and a shower tub and my partner helps carry me around on my worst days, we couldn't afford anything actually 100% accessible if we wanted to be within a 2 hour commute of work, and with my fatigue, I can't have such a long commute, that's equally disabling to my function as not having accessible transport.  