Accessibility challenges in local businesses/restaurants? Hey everyone,

What common problems do you face when engaging with common storefronts? Maybe you or a friend use a wheelchair and the store's hallways are not wide enough. Maybe there's no ramp anywhere. Maybe someone has low vision and a restaurant is dimly lit. Maybe a diner has small font on their menus with bad contrast.

What other challenges do you or your friends/family face? I'm trying to think of examples that are not simply mobility/wheelchair, deaf, or blind based issues. But those are still welcome and appreciated, of course. My wife is a non verbal quadriplegic.  She gets around in a chin control wheelchair, and uses Morse code to communicate.

Biggest challenge/Safety issue:  Elevators.

You get into the store through automatic doors.  Or wait for someone to hold the door for you.

Fine.  You are there and visible.

Then, you sit there and wait... and wait for someone to help you get in the elevator.  Maybe wait for someone to leave it.

You get IN the elevator.  The doors close.

Then what?

Of course, someone will eventually use the elevator... most likely.  Then you can hope they are going where you are going, or use the communicator to ask them to hit the right floor.

But, what about seldom used elevators?

My wife once got stuck in an elevator at a transit center for four hours.

Imagine being restrained to a chair.  Unable to move.  Unable to speak.  In a small elevator.

After an hour, the lights go off to save electricity.

And you wait there, in the dark, for 3 more hours. Loud background noise (voices, music) make it hard for me to understand anyone. 

Restaurants who seat their waiting patrons in the doorway (two sets of doors, seats on the walls) make it tough for me to enter. 

I have digestion issues so I eat slowly. I will eat until my party is done then leave it or get a to go box. Many times bc I wasn’t actively eating I’ve had my plate scooped away. Ask me first. 

A doctors office had a high “welcome window” where you had to sign in. A very heavy trash can blocked my access. On 2 different visits I asked it to be moved, they didn’t so I changed doctors. 

I’m in a power chair.  Heavy "fire safety" doors without pneumatic assistance. Generally it's the cheaper option that still meats safety standards so independent shops will have them, but I consistently injur myself trying to open heavy doors to get into buildings, or access bathrooms via access ways.

And this isn't so much an accessibility issue, more just a frustration, but supermarkets design their layouts to encourage people to zig zag through the store. Putting the bread at the back, the milk at the far side, common items that are frequently bought together separated to encourage people to impulse buy more as they walk around.

That's great for profits, not so great for those of us who struggle to walk long distances, sometimes I'm forced to pay a premium to shop at convenience stores because that's just 50m of walking instead of 500m if all I want is bread. Sensory overload/ processing issues are a common one for me. A loud environment, especially one where the background noise is in the same pitch range as speech, can make it nearly impossible for me to understand verbal communication. I can’t separate the words I need from the background noise, and the combination of the effort of trying with the pressure of all the input is exhausting. 

I can’t stay in most bars for more than about ten minutes without pain, between the chatter and the way-too-loud music. Busy restaurants are also bad (especially if the tables are laid out as densely as possible— my favorite busy breakfast place has them spread out so there’s a meter or a bit more between chair backs when the place is full).  Hmmm I'm in a chair now and when we shop my wife is in a chair and I push her. We are pretty good a maneuvering curbs and doorways, only real challenge are clothes racks being packed tightly and she can't get around to shop them but we tag team it and it works out. We've found a workaround for most challenges. My wife uses a power wheelchair and the biggest issue that most people don't think about is when stores have a double layer of doors: outer door, a small space, and then inner door.  This is for energy efficiency (keeps the heat and ac inside the restaurant), noise control, and sometimes security.  But is a sometimes a pain for my wife and I.   

Larger businesses, the area between the doors is usually large enough for me to hold the outer door while my wife stops in the entryway between and then I can grab the inner doors.  

On smaller businesses, this entryway can be a struggle where I hold the outer door, she enters as far as she can and then I have to try to squeeze past or even stand on her chair to start to open the interior door (while also trying to hold the outer door)...but the space can be so small that the interior door (swinging outwards) hits her chair.  Some places all add in a 90 degree turn between doors which also adds challenges. An en vogue style in restaurants now seems to be high tables. As a wheelchair user, it’s so frustrating! Usually there’s an obligatory low table thrown into the mix somewhere, but even then often only one. Which is always taken. And often poorly located. It’s crazy to me because these tend to be hip, new restaurants that are otherwise (as required) totally wheelchair accessible. Nice ramps, nice bathrooms...BUT I CAN’T SIT AT ANY OF YOUR TABLES, YOU ASSHOLES.  Oh my. That's terrible. I'm so sorry to hear that! May I ask what's the cause of your struggle to long distances? Is it Cerebral Palsy maybe? I have a slight form of CP and walking long distances is always tiring. What's been your solution? My issue is POTS and EDS. The POTS causes me to become more light headed and more prone to fainting the longer I'm standing upright. EDS usually isn't a problem if I bring a mobility aid, but several times I've been having a great day, no need for aids, then I take a funny step or twist wrong getting out of the car and something pops out of place, but I'm already at the shops and I can't postpone the errand so I just have to push through walking around on a subluxed hip.  for...? depends on the challenge. She uses a transport chair rather than a wheelchair, so its manuverable. Ahh I see. I was just commenting on your comment when you said you found a workaround for most challenges. 