Leg Amputation  My mother has JRA (Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis) and it has progressed  to severe levels. She has had several knee and hip replacements. Last  year one of her knee replacements got infected. It was removed and a  spacer was put in. The spacer has now become infected as well. The  hospital is recommending an amputation. I would like to know what  peoples experiences have been with this type of procedure. What are the  questions I should be asking? Any insights would be appreciated. Thank  you.  I'm a double leg amputee.  My very strongly held advice is don't shy away from pain treatment for the first month, unless she's one of the lucky ones who doesn't suffer phantom pain.

  Phantom pain is at it's absolute worst right after the surgery.  When my right leg was amputated, I described the pain I felt for roughly three weeks to be like a couple rabid dogs tearing at my calf all day.  That's not to mention the spikes of pain that'll feel like a bone breaking or being stabbed with white hot pokers, etc.

  I'm not telling you this to scare you or her, if it's gotta go, it's gotta go.  I'm just trying to drive home that attempting to tough out that level of pain is a fools errand.  I am that fool, and I know what I'm talking about.  I lasted three days til I had a scrip for opiate pain killers.  I took them for a few weeks, stopped and learned to cope from there.  

  She might do well to watch or read about a few amps and their experiences.  The big life changes, everyone more or less sees coming.  The little stuff will throw her for a loop constantly at first, and everyone's little stuff is different.  

  In time, it simply becomes part of life.  There'll likely always be phantom sensation and phantom pain, but it decreases, and the bad spikes become pretty rare.   All the new maneuvers will be mastered, and life will feel more or less normal.

  The biggest help of all could be to help guide her to disabled peers.  Knowing one is fully understood and isn't alone helps tremendously.
 just to ease your mind, not everyone has pain. i had a rbka and zero pain, real or phantom. An above the knee amputation results in very hard to use artificial legs.  Talk to someone who has an AK amputation and ask them how hard it was to learn to walk, especially an older person.  Usually it involves a person becoming wheelchair dependent.  Could your mother motivate a wheelchair with JRA?  She also needs to think of transportation or herself and wheelchair to everywhere from doctor appointments to whatever store she wants to go to. >about

I really appreciate your insights. Thank you for taking the time to share. Are there any questions that you would advise that I clarify with her surgeons based on your experiences? That does help ease my mind. Thank you. Do you have any advise on what questions to ask regarding the surgery? I would ask them to be fully open about post surgery pains, including phantom pains.  Doctor's tend to shy away from full honesty there because it's frightening to patients.  Ask them about a reasonable schedule of strong pain management medication.  Nailing down a rough timeline helps mentally prepare for coming off them.

  They'll already be talking about physical therapy I'm sure, but if not, start asking.  It's incredibly easy to lose ability, and the will to improve when recovering.  You spend a lot of time doing nothing much, and slipping into bad habits is literally effortless.  Getting into doing physical therapy as soon as possible matters so much.  It's not only good for the body, but the mind as well.

  Do some thinking on how accessible things around the house are.  She'll spend at least some time in a chair, and having everyday things still be within reach, or otherwise doable helps quite a lot.  Ask the docs for advice here too.

  They'll almost certainly talk about anything else you need beyond that.  Bandage changing, how to wash up, etc.  

  Becoming an amp is scary.  Being one for awhile isnt.  Good luck to you both.  Seems she has a good, caring person in her corner, so I think everything should work out 🙂 Hmmm  how much will they take off? That was my big one. I honestly didn't have many questions. I was more excited afterwards about finding out when I could get fitted for a prosthetic and get walking again.

If I can try to be of any help/sounding board please keep messaging me, This is very helpful. I will most certainly get more details about pain management. Her house is already fairly wheel chair friendly. Due to her JRA she has been spending more and more time in her wheel chair now that she is getting older. She will hopefully spend some time in a rehab facility that will work with her to help her maintain her independence and learn how to operate with her new restrictions. I appreciate your advise. Thank you. Thank you for taking the time to respond. They will be doing an above knee amputation, they have limited space to work with due to her previous hip replacement on the same side. I did ask about the time frame for  prostheses and it seems like it is at least 6 months out. I am very hopeful that she is able to get back to her previous level of mobility.  start checking into local support groups. very helpful afterwards. usually held at hospital or even rehab location I will do that. She had the operation not too long ago. This happened so fast I am still a bit in shock. Hopefully the infection will be eliminated and she can begin the recovery process. Thank you for your advise. Physical recovery is one thing but mental will be with a person forever. A Support group will go a long way. May people fear talking about it but it helps... 