Has anyone with chronic pain used a power-assisted manual wheelchair? (X-post r/chronicpain) I posted recently about some issues with my education degree program and my chronic pain. This is kind of an update to that, but with an additional question. 

 I have gotten to the point that my cane and walker don't really help enough for the things I need to do. I was worried about failing my degree because I'm having trouble keeping up with my clinicals (placement in the school, working with a class all day long at least once a week) on top of all the other day to day things I have to do (like classes at my university, running errands, leaving the house at all for any reason, etc). I spoke with disability services at my school and I meet with voc rehab tomorrow, but here's where I'm at:

The disability services officer asked about my current mobility aids and my needs. I really need to be sitting for most of the day, and walking all over the school is hell. I don't have the energy or pain tolerance for much else, so I tend to stay in the classroom even when the class leaves to go do other things (which is not okay with my degree supervisor). She suggested I look into a mobility scooter, since a manual wheelchair would be too tiring and a fully electric wheelchair is a bit excessive. 

I have many concerns about a scooter, partly because of the logistics of getting it in and out of the car/lift, bringing it inside every day to keep it from getting stolen or damaged, and also partly because of the stigma. I'm heavy, despite my best efforts, and heavy people in scooters is a cliche I just can't live with. 

However, I think there may be a happy medium. I've seen power-assisted wheelchairs here and there online, but I really wasn't sure about them and I never had the money. If voc rehab is footing the bill or if my doctor will write a script, it might be an option. Has anyone used something like this before? Is there a type you'd recommend? Should I may look at other options? I really need something like this in order to finish my last year of school and to have any chance at teaching in a regular school instead of online classes or something.  You want a smart drive. It's 12 pounds, easy to put on and off and will push you in a manual chair without making you too bulky to fit in classrooms. Even without insurance it's only 7k or so I think you should ask your doctor to write a script to see a PT, who should be able to look at the options you mentioned.  Just a thought, but I have been eyeballing a product called the Bruno Chariot.    Allows you to transport heavy equipment using any car and may open your options up to something that will fit your situation better.    We are looking at it because there is a possibility that I will have to move my son from a manual over to an electric wheelchair (decision still pending on that one).    Quite frankly, the Chariot is more affordable then a $30,000-50,000 wheelchair van.     [Bruno Chariot](https://www.bruno.com/products-buckets/2470/chariot)

ETA:  

AMS vans has it priced out at about $4,000 I'm C5-6 quad
https://kdsmartchair.com/
Purchased 2 years ago after arm injury
Reliable, quick charge, more or less all terrain, folds up pretty small a bit heavy @ 50 Lbs but will fit in trunk or hatchback and at around $1800 very affordable unlike the $3600 smart drive (Yikes!)
Insurance may pay if prescribed
Honestly it has served me well  I have rheumatoid arthritis and can relate.  Just because you can walk doesn’t mean you can walk/stand everywhere all day and still function.  People think you’re lazy and don’t understand the toll it can take both physically and mentally.  If you need a power chair, get one if you can.  I have a Travel Scoot that I love.  Folds up easily, fits in the car, and I can lift it myself.  I had stopped going to places like museums or shopping at the mall.  With my scooter I can go pretty much anywhere.  However, it’s not great for all day sitting and In places like restaurants I get off it and sit in a dining chair. I think you will find comfort to be a big factor when comparing options.  Higher end chairs are designed for a person sitting in them all the time.  I’ve looked at several models of folding power chairs and they don’t have the adjustability of a higher end chair.  For example the foot rests are fixed.  If you can sit in one and try it out first I really suggest that. While it could work well for you, if you don’t already have a manual wheelchair that you’re using, power assist devices like the Smart Drive might not be the best option. You could look into more compact power wheelchairs (size and comfort might be and issue depending on weight) and getting a vehicle lift to transport if you can’t find an option that collapses or disassembles easily.

Vehicle lift companies in the US that I know about are Bruno and Pride Mobility.

Companies that make smaller power chairs to check out: Whill, Pride, Golden


Good luck!


Edit: to clarify my point about not already having a manual wheelchair and SmartDrive - while they do have an attachment to work with folding frame manual wheelchairs, I’ve gotten mixed reviews about how well it works. People have the most success using them with rigid frame wheelchairs. These are typically highly customized for users that are mostly WC dependent. Going through the process of getting fitted for one of those and getting a SmartDrive might be more difficult than looking into power as I mentioned above, but your results may vary. Honestly, it sounds like a scooter would be your best option at this point. A lot of SmartDrive units max out at user weight of 330 lbs, and they're also insanely expensive without insurance compared to a compact bariatric scooter ($2000 or less). If car transport is an issue, there are folding models available too. I just got my smart drive power assist a couple months ago. I have Spina Bifida and Osteoarthritis. And a lot of chronic pain and other chronic illnesses as a result.  I've had a manual chair for 9 years that I mostly used part time until this year when things got worse. It took me over a year, but I was finally approved for a new wheelchair with the smart drive. My insurance covered it. I like it so far. I like having the freedom to choose when I want to use it or not. The brand of chair I have is the TiLite. Good luck! I hope you find something that works for you! Smart drive, Twion wheels, CNEBikes e-wheels or electric bike attachment. Research these :) I just looked at a video for that one and omg that's probably the coolest thing I've ever seen in my life!  [removed] I would imagine over the user weight the bracket comes apart. The in-wheel power assists are possibly too heavy to load in a car. Smart drive is somewhere under $7000 and a wheelchair could be near that at larger custom sizes.

Bariatric scooters are used by many large people because it works until the situation deteriorates to power wheelchair. I would agree with you that a scooter is probably best. Not even people in wheelchairs full time can get a smart drive approved by insurance. It's super convenient and doesn't take away mobility options like a scooter would. Your [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/disability/comments/9ewpq0/has_anyone_with_chronic_pain_used_a_powerassisted/e5swfe8/?context=3) in /r/disability was automatically removed because you linked to a fundraising website.
By consensus the /r/disability community has decided to disallow individual fundraising appeals. See /r/Assistance, /r/Care or 
[other subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/comments/1hexgp/other_subreddits_that_can_help_you/)  that can help. 

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/disability) if you have any questions or concerns.* 