Any teachers here in a wheelchair? I'm going to be a kindergarten teacher that uses a wheelchair occasionally for chronic fatigue. Anyone else in a similar situation? I imagine one of the hardest parts is just going to be leading the class up and down the ramps when taking them to specials and whatnot. What other challenges do you forsee? Hey girl ! Elementary teacher here! I did Kindergarten only one year, but now I mostly teach fifth. You will be fine. You will organize things differently, have different routines, and struggle a little while you figure it out but that’s ok! You will have 25 eager helpers when you need them and will be giving these kiddos a huge gift of learning that different people have different abilities and you will get to help grow that empathy inside them. You’ll be great! 

As far as line walking goes teach the kids to stop at check points. Tape a star and a happy face on the way to PE. When learning routines have the line leader stop at each one at wait for you to say it’s ok to go on. You can walk in the back and side to keep an eye on them. Make a HUGE deal in the beginning of the year about keeping their damn coats off the floor and always pushing in their chair. Kids love to touch the wheelchair- teach them hands off. Teaching them to watch their fingers and toes so they don’t get pinched. Assign a door holder and teach them to open the door ALL the way. 

You will figure things out and it’s totally ok t try something and say “well, that didn’t work “ and try something different. Ask the kids what they think they can do to help. Obviously they love this because it makes them feel empowered. “Kids I’m having a hard time passing out papers, how do you think we can solve this?”. 

They will have plenty of questions so be prepared to establish what your personal boundaries are with that.

Go get ‘em Me! I teach elementary special ed, so I know the difficulties associated with this. The majority of my students do fine after the first week or so, but this past semester I struggled with a student that had the tendency to wander. Assigning tasks to the students and changing the roles each week was the best way to keep everyone on track with me! I had a student assigned to turn off the lights in the room when needed, one to close the door when class started, a hall leader and closer to keep my wanderers in line, a student to pass out papers, etc. Your students will want to help, and they don’t need to be 5th graders to do it! You’ll do great, and the fact that you’re not always in a chair will allow you to set things up as you’ll need them as each day goes. Let me know if you have other questions! Are you going to have a teaching assistant that can help you keep an eye on them while moving through the halls and dealing with bathroom breaks? How old are the kids? I had a teacher who wasn't in a wheelchair, but had had polio and couldn't really lead us down halls. I seem to remember that there was a designated student who everyone had to follow, as her helper. We were 9, though. I am a psychologist, who has been in a wheelchair for 34 years (para).   Worked with many children and lead many, large children’s therapy groups. In my opinion, children are easier to work with than adults. They will learn more from you, your wheelchair and their interaction with you, than  they ever will in a book. It is also an education that never fades from their mind. It teaches them socialization and compassion. I wish all kids could receive this kind of education. You may have some brats LOL, but you will win them over, in time. Good luck to you. Awesome! I'm a teacher in training, one semester left. I've interned in 3rd, 6th, and sophomore, so not the same ago range but some overlapping duties. My main concerns aren't really wheelchair related, my other health issues concern me more. But wheelchair wise I mostly worry about maneuverability within the school/classroom. Classroom management is a huge aspect of teaching, and it can be really difficult to manage students if you can't see/reach them because of the chair.  Silly suggestion, but maybe get a flag or something you can attach to the wheelchair. Make yourself stand out when leading kids down the hall, for example. Asides from that, I can't think of any reason you couldn't do that job from a chair.  Talk to your administration about scheduling now. See if you can get more of the specials in the morning where the fatigue is not as much of an issue, as opposed to the end of the day where you will 100% be in a chair. Just like everything else, activity modification is key! Have a stool up front so you can sit when necessary. 

Since it’s kindrrgarten, invite questions about the chair early and often. Let them sit in it. For one thing, it will help the kids be more accepting of their disabled peers, and second, it will help them get used to the idea that you’re still their teacher, and still in charge. Hope this helps! Try watching / contacting DustTales Following  Well actually to be technical, i AM a ta haha. But i have a teaching degree and therefore most of my responsibilities are similar to that of an actual teacher's. just don't lose any of them in the hall and I think you should be fine 