♿️11 WHEELCHAIR PET PEEVES WE HATE!  So true! One of my worst things is when people *are* facing you but they act like you aren't there or can't understand so they talk to the person pushing you and also when you do something, like open a door, and everyone congratulates you like you've done this amazing thing.

Also when they find out I'm married and say how amazing it is that he could love me, being disabled, and "it takes a special person to love someone with special needs." How fucking rude Two of mine are; "Can you walk?" and similar to being used as a coat rack or shopping cart is when people will put little kids on your lap. Like screaming yelling misbehaving kids.  "Does she take sugar in her tea?"

"No, she fucking doesn't because it's herbal tea, and she'd fucking like you to talk to her, not her husband standing behind her."

Husband is awesome and never answers these rude sods, I always answer and people look really fucking embarrassed. Good.  How often to people in wheelchairs push them vs them wheeling themselves around? I hadn't realized some of these could be pet peeves, but I suppose not every wheelchair user has the energy to roll  The thing that pisses me off enough to say something every single time is when people try to step over me in a crowd. I get that you are physically capable of stepping over my ankles or even my knees, but I’ve gotten to the point where I simply reach out, put my hand on them and say no. Just, “No.” different disabilities have different levels of ability.  I dont have legs, but my upper body is fine.  I use a manual chair and my biggest rule is not to push me.  Only my daughter can push me sometimes, and thats because shes 4 and thinks its super fun of some reason.

  I'm usually pretty chill about all the other things I have to deal with (though I've bitched about them here lol), but someone just up and pushing me pisses me off immediately.  I'll grab my wheels, forcing a complete stop and very pointedly tell the person to not do that.  Usually, being strong enough to halt their momentum, and my clear aggravation are enough to get the point across.  I had one guy tell me that I needed to learn how to accept help as he wandered off.  He didnt even see that I was going up that hill in workout clothes.

  From what I've seen of other disabled people, being very protective of whatever ability we have left seems pretty common. I used a chair about 4 years and will probably be in and out of one through my life. I was pushed 100% of the time until I got a Max Mobility Smart Drive (power motor attachment for a folding chair) but even then I'd be pushed on bad days. 

Nothing wrong with my legs (people always assume that lol) but I have a disorder that causes my blood pressure to drop if I stand too long, causing me to pass out.  It’s utterly ridiculous, but I can be walking one day, wheeling myself the next and unable to wheel myself the next. It’s all very embarrassing.  Yes. It's not physically possible for anyone but me to push my mobility device and if you tried it id say so s words. Like you don't *touch* not yours like my friends will set things on there and it's fine 

I'llmdrop things and go to get them(like I can stand up and bend down so I'll get it myself."

And random strangers will stop me and go "no no no I'll get it." Like I can get it myself go away!  This reminds me of a post I saw explaining that people's chairs are like an extension of themself, so it's rude to touch ( aka """helping""") or lean on a strangers chair unprovoked, the way it would be rude to touch someone's body. Ah so most likely, it would mean that navigating is more of a solo thing then. It probably isnt any consolation but as I'm diving more in to the disabled community I'm hearing more and more about people who don't use their chair 100 percent of the time. It's frustrating I'm sure but hopefully you won't feel embarrassed about it as the years go by 