A poem i wrote about people staring at a disabled person.  Beautiful! Might I suggest a change in font next time though? Could make it more accessible to dyslexics like me or people with eye conditions.

My disability isnt externally visable (unless you count my writing...) so I've never truly experienced this. I don't think I'd like it at all.

I think part of the problem is exposure. As a child, if you've never seen a person in a wheel chair you're going to be pretty interested. Even something as simple as taking nursery children to visit and old peoples home is a step in the right direction! We need more things like that. Honestly, I think people should look at us and remember that our bodies don’t fit the norm. It’s too easy for them to forget about us and for us to continue to be put down and put aside because they forget that we exist. See me, kid, and remember that some people need expensive prosthetics and elevators/escalators to get around and design your world to fit that. Nothing about my inner humanity will help me (or my kids if I have them) will get to work or get the healthcare/accommodation that I need  doesnt bother me. Makes me stand out. Had someone ask about my RBKA today. It was diabetes related but I said it was a shark bite. I loove this, I used to hate going out and ppl staring at me or even pointing or saying under their breath “why does she walk like that”. Sometimes finding the inner strength to ignore ppls reactions to the way u look or appear, is a challenge in itself... but i know my story. It's not just exposure :(  Some of it is interpretation, unfortunately. 
 My kid stares at wheelchairs, and has for three years - ever since he realized that those are things!  with wheels!  that one can actually ride in! Without a car seat! He's seen plenty of them and that just made him want one more.  I've frankly given up on making him not stare and am concentrated on making him not ask for rides.  If you are one of those people who got that gaze of envy - I apologize. You rock! [removed] I see this as a positive. Again, i dont know what its like to be the person being stared at, but from this example your child isn't looking at wheelchairs in a negative way. They are normalised to your little one and have just become something cool! Which, objectively, they are! Wheelchairs are an incredible invention. Does your childs behaviour not bring us closer to the middle ground of understanding everyone is different and has their own unique quirks, all of which can be accepted? Your comment was automatically removed because you linked to reddit without using the "no-participation" np. domain. Reddit links should be of the form "np.reddit.com" or "np.redd.it"

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/disability) if you have any questions or concerns.* I hope so :)  