Things you would find helpful in a bar? Hi there!

A bit of background, I am a brewer working for a social enterprise brewery. We employ and train people with learning disabilities to brew, package, and sell our beer. 

We are planning on opening a taproom/bar connected to the brewery in the next few months and we want to make sure the space is as accessible and welcoming as possible. We have of course thought about the specific things that are important and relevant to our staff, but obviously disability is such a broad category that there may be plenty of things we haven't thought about. 

I will list the things that we have covered around accessibility and if there are other things that we have missed that would make your time at a bar easier/more fun/more inclusive, I would really appreciate it. Thanks in advance!

-accessible bathrooms
-wide doors for entrance
-support poles in hallways
-keep bar low
-lots of space between tables
-no flashing lights
-keeping music atmospheric and not too loud
-induction loop for hearing aids
-large print drinks menu available
-water bowls for assistance animals My husband is in an electric wheelchair and we've struggled at restaurants that only have low tables, have chairs or stools that are bolted to the floor, and places that only have multi-stall gendered bathrooms.

I'd make sure nearly everything can be moved or shuffled around, tall and short tables are available, and there's at least one family restroom so someone of the opposite gender can help them use the restroom.

He also struggles opening doors, so a wide enough doorway that someone can hold the door open and he can drive past comfortably without risking their toes is nice. Classic beer mugs with handles are a must! Us quadriplegics have limited grip and a mug with a handle is a perfect bar accessory for someone with a disability in their hands. I’m tired of drinking beers out of straws! Or coffee cups Be over diligent with keeping the floors dry. Those on crutches, prosthetics, with canes or have stability/balance trouble struggle with wet floors. Especially when alcohol is added to the mix!   So many people are afflicted by back and neck pain, and barstools are uncomfortable for them. High back, comfortable chairs help. Other like to stand at a table or bar too :) \- adequate space between support poles so that wheelchair users can navigate easily

\- either true level access i.e. no slopes or as gentle slopes as possible 

\- non carpeted clean flooring \(ideally avoid tiling, but fine if not\) 

\- maybe look into getting some cups with two handles \(one on either side\) for folk with dystonia type movements/fine motor skills issues as well as cups with lids \(almost like sippy cups\)  

\- potentially, a room for PAs \(personal assistants\) where they could drink/socialise without necessarily being with their client, a lot of folk really value any bit of independence they can get\- sometimes PAs can make that hard

There's load of physical stuff you could do that would make your bar more accessible, but the biggest thing you could do would be to create a space in which it's normal to be disabled. So, staff training so they don't react weirdly at specific requests \(for like a straw or something\) and so that it doesn't feel weird to be in the space. I've been to plenty of 'accessible' spaces and they ignore the very simple fact: disabled folk need to be treated like any other person there; don't patronise, don't ignore, don't stare\- just have them treated like any other bar\-goer. I'd love to go to bars, but they are inaccessible as shit both physically, and in terms of this cultural thing of being 'weird' for being disabled. Normal (like in a restaurant) height tables with movable chairs for wheelchair accommodation.

Best restrooms are single user (usually have more room), unisex (in case caregiver is opposite gender), have room beside the toilet for a wheelchair user to transfer sideways. With multiuser make sure the stall is large enough for a wheelchair to turnaround (most aren't). Grab bars and large doors, of course.

Have plenty of room between tables.

Automatic doors or at least easy to open doors.

No bumps, including the threshold at door. The few things that would be ideal for me:

-A bathroom where it would be acceptable for me to use with a female PCA (I'm male). This could be anything from a "unisex" or "family" bathroom to a standard single-stall bathroom (which wouldn't be an issue if labeled as mens or women's, since it's single). 

If you only have multiperson/one gender bathrooms, print out a piece of paper that basically says "Bathroom in use with assistance. Please wait and it will be available again in a few minutes." If someone was in a situation like myself, you could simply hang the sign on the men's room for 5 minutes while I went in with a female PCA. For most places it's not such an issue, but I find it particularly hard at bars when I can't pee since, well, beer!

If cheap enough, any lightweight cup option (like a solo cup) is great if you have trouble holding normal glasses. I always bring my own straws+plastic cups though, and I think anyone who REALLY needs that would bring their own, but it's a nice gesture when offered to me.  I just want to say thank you for taking all these things into consideration.  So many times iv tried to go to bars or restaurants with friends or family in my wheelchair and I can't fit past all the tables or I can't see over the bar and the bartenders can't see me (I have neon yellow hair, I'm hard to miss! ) or the bathrooms are way to small to fit my chair into and I have any extra small chair even.  So for you to actively look for extra ways to improve the experience for ALL of your patrons is awesome!  So many good ideas already! One thing that I like is my stainless steel pint glass with a rubber(?) lid. I walk with a limp and can’t carry a full beer anywhere to save my life without spilling. So maybe look into at least selling those or having some on hand? Mine’s from a larger brewery in L.A. near where I live.  EARPLUGS! As an autistic guy, earplugs would make it so much easier to go to the bar with my friends.  Well, I noticed no one has mentioned this one yet about the bathrooms specifically. It would be nice to have a place for people that needs diaper/nappy changes. There are many people with incontinence like myself that sometimes need a place for someone to change their diaper/nappy. Personally, I never go to bars alone. However, it is a bit of a pain at times to be in bars and many public places in general due to lack of places that have facilities for anyone bigger than a baby to get their diaper/nappy changed by say their caregiver/mate/friend that literally goes everywhere with them. I think that wheelchair height bars would be cool.

Maybe have the bar stools be standard chair height so that those sitting on them are sitting at the same level as those in wheelchairs.

And then put the other side of the bar, where the bartenders stand, a few feet lower than the floor, so that they, too are on the same level as the sitting patrons. If you advertise as being open until X time, please do not stop letting people in before that time.  Accommodations (or just plain business ethics) are often overlooked for those with Circadian Sleep Disorders.  
ETA: the later you can stay open the better! Especially if competition closes earlier. And late night crowds are good tippers ;) Captions on TVs (even if I won't watch it), written out beer/drink lists, not a spoken list from the wait staff, and oh yes, what was that thing we used to have back in the day ... oh yeah, patience.  This is great! The room is multi use (yoga, salsa classes etc) so all the tables will be super easy to move about anyway. 

It’s also a council owned building, and upstairs is a day centre for adults with disabilities so the building is super well built for that - wide hallways, a large accessible/family bathroom. 

Thanks for your time! Roger that!  This is great advice! Thanks :) This is great, thank you for this! We are already planning on having a mix of stools, benches, and sofas, so will make sure that some comfortable chairs with backs are in the mix. This is all so helpful! 

The only slope is a very gentle ramp to enter the building, otherwise all on one level, and floor is like a laminate wood, so very clean and flat.

The cups advice is excellent, I'll look into that. Great that you mention straws, I was planning on avoiding them because of the turtles you know, but of course they are invaluable to people who might have difficulty drinking from a cup, and so will look into getting paper/metal ones. 

Because of the space we have, an entirely separate room isn't possible, but there is a lobby area, wide hallways, and the actual brewery itself that is separate from the bar area so could provide some separation for PAs.

Our bar will be mostly staffed by people with disabilities, who will undergo bar training which will definitely include inclusivity training, and any non-disabled people working with the team (like myself) either already have training and experience working with disabled/vulnerable people, or will receive it before they begin working. 

Thank you again, this is all so valuable and I really appreciate you taking the time to reply :)
 We need to replace the door anyway, so will make sure it is automatic if possible, or at least very easy to open, I assume a light door with an option to keep it open - like a magnetic thing on the wall - would be the best? Scissors! ✌ I win Actually all the bathrooms are single stalls, including the large gender neutral accessible stall, the other stalls are gendered but we are having the conversation with the council to make these all gender neutral stalls. 

We will definitely have some plastic cups available as well as some cups with lids like other have mentioned. What would you think about a sign that said something along the lines of “We have different options for glassware and drinking options for those with different needs - please ask us if you have a specific requirement”? I’ve worked in lots of bars but never opened one before, and I feel so strongly that this kind of stuff should be part of the due diligence done by anyone starting something that serves the public. Also, it’s so deeply important to us that the bar we open is the kind of place that would be welcoming to our staff if they were the patrons. If inclusivity of people with disabilities isn’t at the core of how we operate our bar - like it already is our brewery - it feels very intellectually dishonest. 

Thank you for your time and your kind words!  Oh this sounds really cool! I’ve never heard of anything like that before. I will have a look and see what I can find. Thanks! Brilliant! Such a cheap and easy way of making a noisy, chaotic space more welcoming and calm. A lot of our staff have similar issues with noise so it could be a great solution for staff and patrons. 

Thanks!  Excellent point. We need to install a changing area anyway so will look into making sure it’s not just for babies. Thank you! Thank you! There will definitely be a mix of lower and higher sections of the bar, as well as tables and chairs that are wheelchair height. 

Really appreciate your time :) This is something I’d not thought of! I feel very strongly that you should stick to opening hours though, so annoying heading somewhere cos the website says it’s open till midnight and then they’ve closed early because it was quiet. 

Thanks for this insight! I think we will probably be a screen free bar, but might do film screenings on a projector so will make sure subtitles are always available. 

Drinks lists will definitely be available, in varying print sizes, I can’t stand it when there are no menus at a bar - seems so inefficient! 

Patience is key!!

Thanks for your advice :) OH! I'd forgotten

Have a sheet or poster or something with numbers for accessible taxi hire- not everyone can drive and folk at bars aren't always going to maintain sobriety. Look into silicon drinking straws maybe, I personally use metal- but some folk might need some bend. I know the straw debate is a thing, but reusable straws are also a thing :)  

Awesome- good to know that you've considered cultural access as well. But tbh that has been the kicker in a lot of disabled 'friendly' spaces.

Also, that sort of floor is usually very good - I never really considered floor before using my chair, but now it is such a big thing.
 If it can't be automatic, an option to keep it open would be good. This (either) will also help the people who have to carry in barrels of beer! That would be a great idea! Sure thing! Good luck!! 