Make traveling more accessible! For my rant today, I'm attacking hotels, booking sites, etc. For the smallest thing for those who utilize a hoyer lift for transferring from and to a wheelchair to a bed, I find the most difficult thing about traveling is the lack of accessible beds. Ever go to a hotel and the underneath box spring is solid? nothing can be put under the bed. I am not sure of the reason for this, but when it comes to practicality, especially for just the handicap accessible labeled rooms that do so much to make the showers, bathrooms, rooms, etc. so accessible, is it so much to ask for a platform bed? At least make it a feature on bookings.com or hotels.com to search for hotels that use platform beds in the click section of accessible features. This one thing makes traveling with just my girlfriend impossible because the process to get me from the bed to my wheelchair is tremendously difficult to do without at least two other people. In my years, I have been to one, AND ONLY ONE, hotel that had a platform bed that made the tension of not knowing if I will sleep in my chair, vanish. Ballys Atlantic City, NJ. So next time I went to AC I had a better deal at Harrahs, a Caesars owned resort just like Ballys, expecting the same accessibility. I EVEN CALLED WHEN BOOKING THE ROOM TO SPEAK TO THE HOTEL MANAGEMENT TO SEE IF THERE IS A PLATFORM BED FOR ME TO PUT MY HOYER LIFT UNDERNEATH, and they told me "yes there is." Only for me to drive the three hours there with my girlfriend and her best friend, to find out that the bed is rock solid underneath. Not a platform bed like I was assured it would be. I then checked all the accessible rooms they had available only to realize, none were platform beds. Is it so much to ask that these multibillion dollar hotels and resorts implement some platform beds in their specifically set aside and labeled "accessible, ADA room"?  The solid bed is the platform. You need one with a frame. A lot of motels use platforms so nothing gets underneath, including my big toe.

You are right about the lack of accessibility. The operators knowledge of disabled issues is extremely lacking. Even for those with degrees in hospitality. That needs to change, but first, we need a voice in DC. The current administration does not see you or hear you. To them, you simply don't exist. Actually I am looking to launch a hotel version of my "Friendly Beds" for their accessible rooms. Assistive items (trapeze, assist rails, balance pole) built into the bed framework- hidden when not needed and easily positioned when they are required. Will be a great help for handicapped travelers. 

Looking for feedback from everyone on this and my present "Friendly Beds" (keeping people safe, independent, and at home). Google Friendly Beds and contact me.  Joe No matter what administration is in DC, our voice is not heard. Even when we had FDR in office, a wheelchair bound president, he hid his disability so not to seem weak by the public. Now times have changed dramatically since then, but I saw more of a cut to my accessible needs in getting what I needed during Obama’s terms than ever. The difficulty it was to get a wheelchair I needed between 2008-2016 was a two year process because he tried to make scooters and wheelchairs all interchangeable, which made for almost like a “jazzy” kind of chair which I cannot use. I utilize high performance motors and batteries because I have to go up 90ft if deck ramps to get into my house, as well as cross streets in cities quickly. Amongst other things as well. We will not see an actual change until we get a representative that is directly effected by a disability in some way. I do want to run for office at some point in time, in some public office. Maybe not president, but some public office.  I guess they use the solid-underneath beds so stuff doesn't get lost from other guests under there and it makes room upkeep easier. It has this knock on effect though :\ If you can have some sort of built in track for a hoyer lift into the bed, I will be interested for sure. Especially since I am currently looking at getting a new hospital type bed. Fully electric, head and feet raised, and bed height also raisable or to be lowed. If you do anything like this, please let me know a better way to contact you.  Don't know if e-mail addresses are allowed but you can track me down thru "Friendly Beds". Don't know your details but my product has a "Transfer Bar" option that allows safe/independent bed transfers for many with no leg strength. Could ditch the hoyer/slings for bed transfers (or allow you to stay in your present bed?). Here is my e-mail address (if allowed) jvosters@BillRayHomeMobility.com My issue is i have no strength at all due to my disability. So that’s why I need the hoyer lift to transfer.  No strength at all- that is a tough one. In that case a hoyer (and person to help you) is required. For traveling sake I know of several travel agencies that specialize in this area and can even arrange for hoyers to be delivered to the hotel. Let me know if you are interested in that info. My product requires at least some upper body strength to allow a person to "help themselves" to the best of their abilities.  Yes if you don’t mind, let me know some of the travel agents then, please.  www.ScootAround.com can arrange for assistive devices for when you need them in travel. There is a travel agency (www.travel-for-all.com) that specializes in travel packages. Can probably dig up more if you (or anyone else) want to contact me at my e-mail mentioned above. Good luck. 

Other folks- what do you think of a bed in handicap assessible hotel rooms that would have a long trapeze, assist rails, and a balance pole to help people with bed mobility problems? 