DisabilityWiki? I've been thinking for a while about a wiki site for general disability info. Something that could be added to and then edited/corrected/added to by users. All of the wiki software seemed to have too much of a learning curve though. So I tried to build something with WordPress and some plugins. The result so far is https://disabilitywiki.org

At the moment articles have to be submitted bit I can allow users with some approved articles have theirs published without moderation.

Once you register and log in, an edit link appears at the bottom of the page. This allows you to edit text in the article. Once published, revisions are kept so posts can be rolled back if necessary.

Anyone interested? At the moment there's not much content but I've had some positive feedback about the idea. I'd love to have help adding more content. General comments or ideas for content would be appreciated too.

BTW - this is not a commercial venture. I'm a wheelchair user that has come across many people (usually newly disabled) that struggle to find the info they want. This is more about signposting folk to good resources rather than trying to compete.

Thanks for reading.  Great idea! I can write something up about the process of accessing the disability support pension in Australia in the upcoming days if you'd like? I think the site looks really good! I made a document with good tips for first time wheelchair users and you're welcome to it if it's any help: 

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XEUky2rnSuZpResYzdPEXpqJ9ev0nYnxgvYogeZTRY0/ I’ve been wanting to do something like this!!! Thank you!!! Man, I would have loved this when I became disabled initially! What a fantastic idea! I will try to contribute what I can about juvenile idiopathic arthritis. In particular, I'd like to research and store all info about Blau syndrome since it's still a mystery. With work, this wiki could be a huge service to thousands of people. Yes please, that would be fantastic!  That's brilliant. Thank you! I'll get it posted on the site today.  Thanks for commenting. I'd be happy to accept any help if you have some ideas :)  Thanks for replying and your support. I'm looking forward to creating a new section on the site for you. I know nothing about arthritis, let alone juvenile idiopathic arthritis (though it does sound particularly unpleasant). Cheers! https://disabilitywiki.org/personal-stories-blogs/aris-wheelchair-tips-usa-based/

Thanks! 

I'm wondering about using an icon set to give a quick idea of the type of content on a page. Like a wheelchair symbol for content that's useful for wheelchair users, something like glasses or eyes for sight problems etc. Anyone seen anything that might fit the bill or give inspiration?  I'm actually a graphic artist-- if you can tell me a list of icons you need, and what size, I could whip some up. Icons are pretty fast and easy to make since they're simple.  That would be really cool. Give me a couple of days to think about it. The idea only occurred to me this afternoon! Cheers.  Just commenting to make sure I get replies on this thread. I'm daikiraikimi, but recently updated my username.  I know this is a bit cheeky but I wondered if you might be interested in creating something I could use as a logo? As you know, I'm using the http://accessibleicon.org icon just now but something unique would be way better and I'm no artist so would be happy to go with whatever you feel fits. Please feel free to say no though! Hey, sorry I'm responding so late! I switched my account from daikiraikimi to noeinan basically the same day I posted this. I commented with my new account to get a notification but I think I didn't because it was further up the thread ><

I wouldn't mind making a logo at all-- I'd just need a bit more information to go off of regarding the design, what you want to express, etc. Please send me a pm at /u/noeinan and we can talk more in depth! 