How do you fly with a wheelchair/scooter/assistive device? I’ve never flown before and need all the insight you can give.  Airline travel works fairly well, despite all the horrid stories that abound. I can’t walk at all and fly all the time with very few problems. 

Power chairs and manual chairs work a little differently I believe (all my experience is with manual). The gist is, when you make your reservations, there are various accessibility options to notify them of (like, have wheelchair, or can’t walk on to plane). With a manual chair, you gate check it (that means you go all the way to the door of the plane in it, and then right before you board, they take the chair). Power chairs might have to check them earlier. You get from your chair, to a tiny airplane chair. If you need assistance transferring, they can lift you. The employees push the dinky, tiny airport chair down the aisle of the plane to your seat. Then you get in seat. When you get to your destination, you get your chair back. With manuals, you get the back immediately at plane door and on all layovers. Not sure about power chairs.

Hope that helps! It’s really not too bad! It’s very common and airlines are used to it.

[Disclaimer: this comment mostly copied and pasted from last time this question was asked] The airlines will take care of you pretty well, but won't do such a good job on your wheelchair.  Call the airline ahead of time to discuss the services they can offer during your travels.  While they are rough on your equipment, my experience has been that they promptly get things fixed when they break them. Once, when we had a new chair, we wrapped up the finished parts of the chair in layers of kraft paper and cellophane. Patiently I travel with my collapsible wheelchair, so I always get a tag for my chair. I stay in my chair up until I get to the aisle on the plane (my wheelchair can’t go past) and I have assistance going to my seat. My husband or a flight attendant takes my seat and back and puts it in the overhead bend and give it to the people to load in below us. I’ve had terrible experiences with airline employees messing up my chair-I’m guessing they were rough with it-so I always tell them to be careful with it because these are ‘my legs’. Make sure where you’re going is wheelchair accessible. I’ve read so many articles on how destinations aren’t wheelchair friendly  