First Time Using A Wheelchair This is mostly me just kinda... Idk being happy. I've always had trouble walking, and especially now that I have to walk everywhere I go, it's become more prominent. I was in physical therapy when I was younger, but my mammaw made me stop when I was like... Six. 

So, instead of me being in pain constantly starting after walking for about ten minutes, and beyond exhausted within just two hours of being out (not even just walking)--and needing to sit down every few min--we got a wheelchair for me. Chronic pain is a BITCH that has caused us to be late, narrowly make the bus, and so on. And every time it's because my body can't function, I get really upset with myself. And it usually ends up with an Autistic Meltdown bc I'm so overwhelmed by my own emotions.

ANYWAYS. I finally had a chance to use it. And I felt so free and alive and like... I wasn't exhausted at 11am? I was able to be out from 10:30am to 9pm (when we got home) and then I was still able to make my fiance and I dinner?? My body doesnt hurt?? I feel fantastic!!

It was so weird to see pitying looks. Bc I was literally laughing and talking and joking with my fiance more (I can't really breathe well so I can't talk while I'm walking), and I felt actually good going out for once, and I can't wait to leave the house again??? Like?? Idk despite some issues I had, it was amazing??? That's awesome I have CMT charcot Marie tooth and will wind up wheelchair bound sooner rather than later it makes me feel better knowing it has helped someone ease the pain Welcome to the club! I have cerebral palsy and chose to be a full-time user in my teens rather than ravaging my body in a futile effort to be "normal". It's so weird that people think its the absolute worst thing that can happen when for so many, like you and I, it is actually liberating. Cheers! CMT here as well. Getting my TiLite one week from today and I’m so excited.  Hey, I also have that! (Small world) I don't know what type you have (I have 1A), I just wanted to say that while there's absolutely nothing wrong with using a wheelchair, it might not be a definite thing, I was told when I was first diagnosed that there was a high chance of being in a wheelchair by the time I was 30. 7 years later (Now 22) and the doctors think I've barely progressed, taken care of myself. And it's fairly unlikely that I'll need a wheelchair.  

There's every chance that you're older and wiser than me, or that your circumstances are completely different. But I'm totally here if you want someone to talk to and trade notes.  I was told that I'd be 8n one by the time I was 20 I just turned 30 this year but every year I've gotten worse falling more more pain less mobility but I keep on going even though sometimes I wanna just give up because some limb isn't doing what its supposed to do 