Which airlines have the best experience for disabled people? Curious to hear inputs from others on which airlines provide the best experience and assistance for disabled travelers? What makes their service better than others? I've found the issue tends to be more about specific airports than airlines. I've had great luck with Delta but most of all at my former home airport. Delta basically owns the fancy terminal (some international flights and chains use it also but mostly Delta) while everyone else flies into the second one. I get amazing service there. Like had a valet parking nightmare and was massively late for a red eye flight. Have loads of medical liquids and TSA was amazing. Used an airline wheelchair and assistant person and he RAN with me and my heavy luggage down the entire terminal to get to my flight. They accidentally closed the door while he was still on the plane loading my bags but damn was that amazing service. Never had a problem there in general. 

Had nasty service in Philly as far as baggage size and refusing to get me help right away (made me lift and finagle my own heavy bag into the size check thing and I was clearly struggling bad. I have extremely poor upper body strength. Had asked for a wheelchair assist and they forced me to do all this on my own first). Had some issues with meds leaking and being depressed from baggage while going through TSA there. 

Had some other wheelchair assist issues in Nebraska. 

And now I'm in Chicago and I've heard horror stories about O'Hare. 

So I have really noticed a lot of the issues are more with the specific airport. That said, Delta staff has always been wonderful across the board. The flight attendants have even gone and gotten a wheelchair to help me out when we were waiting took long for one of the airport people to arrive. They always help with my luggage and sad I mentioned, I have a lot of medical supplies and am connected to IVs so I bring a ton of stuff on the plane because medical supplies shouldn't count against your limit on any airline. I've never so much as been questioned or had a single problem. Once had a flight attendant see me waiting after deboarding and make mention she was surprised I got on with all that but the moment I said it was medical she apologized. Funny that no one has ever even asked when I'm boarding! 

Also ran into a flight delay where they weren't sure if our plane would go out or not. Moment I explained to Delta staff that I have serious medical needs and absolute needed to be on the next flight out (because I'd be out of my IV supplies if not) they actually got me tickets for two flights, said take whichever comes first and gave me priority over others. It was such a relief in a bad situation. 

So eh, as you can see airports and flying isn't fun by any means and I've learned to expect some minor issues. Overall Delta has been incredibly accommodating. Any major issues I've experienced have been specific to the airports themselves though, not any specific company. And some of my issues are out of the norm even from a disability perspective (having a mandatory patdown due to the IV stuff and how they check through my IV bag and supplies in my luggage varies SO MUCH from airport to airport and even at the same airport. Like TSA never knows wtf they're doing with me! That's advice I regularly share with people with IV or feeding tube and medical liquids or medical devices that mean X-ray can't happen. Never had a bad TSA experience. Just noticed they're super inconsistent and they often have to go grab a manager with me to ask how to do stuff).

Maybe I'm extra forgiving. I don't know. I've heard horror stories from a lot of disabled people. On Delta, on virtually every major carrier. Even then a lot of them seem more airport specific though. And I feel like the more I've flown the more I've kind of learned the ropes and little tips that help my experience.  I'm a huge, huge fan of Delta and will only fly them if they're an option. I use and travel with an electric wheelchair and they're always super attentive to it and ask questions before loading it to make sure they're not messing with buttons and/or wiring. I've even had someone from baggage come and grab whoever I'm traveling with to go and make sure things with it are all good in the cargo hold before takeoff.

Worst would be Spirit. I've only flown with them twice, but the first time they literally thew my chair down the stairs to load it (we saw them do this) and they snapped a power wire and refused to pay for it. Delta once kicked my husband off a plane because the pilot wasn’t comfortable that he could help himself evacuate in an emergency.:/ Southwest and AA have both destroyed his power chair in baggage. So,  I guess you could say, these aren’t recommendations but cautionary tales.:) I agree with another commenter that, in my experience, the airport matter more than the airline. Sone airports are on their shit, some...aren’t. In many cases, all the assistance one does or doesn’t receive prior to and during boarding is coming coming from an outsourced company that each of the airlines hire at the airport to handle special needs passengers. In some airports this is the same group regardless of airline. Sometimes if an airline rules over an entire  terminal, then the group is specific to that terminal.

It makes it harder to ascertain which airlines are actually doing their part better. :( and of course the airlines have fought not to have to publicly release stats on things like wheelchair damages...grrrr.

I will say though, I have flown hundreds of times both domestically in the US and internationally, usually alone, and entirely dependent on my manual wheelchair. In all that, I have had a wheelchair damaged exactly once. And an issue retrieving my chair once. The system has problems (and more so for power chairs, unfortunately), but...it works decently. Delays deboarding are the only common problem I encounter. And I do think there’s some skill that’s needed knowing what to do—things like repetitively making sure at every step with each agent that the aisle chair (if you need it) has actually been requested, not scheduling too short of layovers, and making absolutely sure your chair has been tagged when you’re at the gate going in the plane. Also, never let novice employees talk you into parting from your chair before the gate—totally not required and way more risky—ALWAYS GATE CHECK (more advice that sadly doesn’t apply to power chairs).

 Qantas domestic in Australia are brilliant. Haven't tried them long haul yet. 
I've used Thai and Emirates for long haul, both good.

Fantastic service at CDG  in Paris. That was the airport rather than the airline.

Ryanair in Europe were fine, just make sure you jump through all their hoops about notification.

Air France and BMI also good.

Really not had any bad experiences, but I haven't been anywhere near the US. I had a unique experience as I don't have a mobility issue that requires a walker or a chair, but I have chronic pain and orthopedic impairments that cause me trouble sometimes. On my flight home, we flew Sothwest, and I was in a lot of pain and needed a wheelchair because I was incapable of walking through the airport that particular day. They got a wheelchair for me very quickly and bumped me up to the priority seating group so I was one of the first to get on the plane. They were very gracious and kind and made it easier for me. Except for TSA, which caused me to experience even more pain for making me physically stand in line for over 10 minutes (which is a struggle for me). But I expected that from the TSA.  I've always appreciated Southwest.  They usually have closets big enough for my wheelchair so it doesn't have to go underneath where it could get lost or damaged (has happened numerous times to me).  They also don't have assigned seating and since disabled people board first you can snag a bulkhead seat without paying more (great if you have a service dog) as a wheelchair user, i think every airline is failing. even the ones i've had good experiences with, i get off the plane extremely nervous my power chair is busted up or broken. I have had a great time with Air New Zealand. They have it on my account that I am a wheelchair user so it makes checking in very easy! The staff are always polite and they always make sure that I have everything that I need.

On the flipside I have had a terrible experience with Jetstar who tried to make me check my wheelchair in with my suit case and when I asked how I would get across the terminal they didn't seem to have an answer. TL;DR I didn't check in my wheelchair and have not flown Jetstar again. I also love Delta, I have limited mobility and have trouble getting through the airport, they always make sure I have what I need. Qantas is always my go-to when I travel as a quadriplegic. What's your disability? Who usually travels with you? Ever been on AA? (I'm a c4 quad with power wheels and can get cheap AA tickets) Never been on a plane before.  No experience with AA, sorry.  