Best countries to live with a disability? I'm a US citizen and I'm just beginning to look into other countries that may be better to live in with a disability, especially Canada. I've tried looking up information on which countries treat disabled people the best but every article I've seen has been a bit old, or they've conflated disabled with elderly or temporarily incapacitated and the data isn't quite what I'm looking for. Any non-US citizens here who can weigh in? I do the same. I'm from Germany and I'm tired of being harrassed and insulted for just existing. Bureaucracy for all kinds of things is nuts here as well when you're disabled. 

I graduated from school with honours, I study one of the most prestigious majors in this country, I do my part for society, I'm still treated like a second class citizen. I just want to leave. Quadriplegic from India here. Guess people with disabilities are not treated too well pretty much every where in the world.
I had thought that in the developed countries it was different.
I had been to Singapore for a trip last year and found it really disabled friendly. People are warm and respectful even towards people with disabilities. Every part of the country is pretty much accessible for people disabilities. It was a great experience being there.
As a disabled person you can pretty much live independently in Singapore.
Please note that my views are from a very short visit of 10 days.  Depending on what your situation is, I both would and wouldn't recommend Norway. The healthcare is good, not perfect but good, and people aren't very judgy (in my experience) if you have a visible disability. However if you have something invisible that still needs accommodation, it's not great. I have a smattering of invisible conditions, and I use the disabled toilets. I often get shit for using them "without needing them". Also if you're in a wheelchair, you might have difficulty getting around during the first snowfall, since it takes a while for the council to get their shit together and clear the snow Most countries have public charge rules, like the ones that the US will be enforcing again. It means you can't get into many countries without a good job or/and significant savings. You usually can't get a work permit unless you have an in demand job skill. You won't qualify for foreign benefits until you have been working for several years. The US is unusually generous in giving out benefits, but the benefits level isn't as high because of all the people.  I know a few disabled people in Ontario Canada.

Canada (for the most part) lets the provinces handle disability support.  There is a federal level disability but it is extremely difficult to qualify.

Ontario's premiere is expected to drastically reduce disability services which are already poverty levels for many.  I don't know about other provinces.

Ontario Disability Support Program "ODSP",  pays approximately $1,100 a month or about $13K a year for a single person.  Minimum wage here is $14/hour, so about $29K a year.   Rent in Toronto for a one bedroom is roughly $1500 a month at minimum.

On the bright side socialized medicine.  If you are on disability, young or old it includes prescriptions and dental.  The rest of us pay market rates.

Housing (unless you are the lucky few who gets subsidized housing) is damn expensive, as is the cost of living in general.

Peoples attitudes are about the same here as in the US, divided about 70% people who are helpful and kind and 30% people who believe that your disability is your fault, that stronger work ethic and love of Jesus will cure you.  We also seem to have our share of predators selling snake oil and taking advantage of people.

Accommodations for disability is pretty good unless you are in a wheel chair then you will find lots of inaccessible places.   Government and larger buildings are supposed to be wheelchair accessible and many are.

Transit in Toronto is not bad.  Many busses kneel and can lower a ramp.  If you qualify their is special transit called Wheel Trans which costs the same as regular transit.  Smaller towns vary greatly.

Lots of elderly people here so competition for disabled parking is strong.

Overall I would say we are doing ok except for ODSP and the attitude of the Premiere who is one of those who thinks disabled people are all defrauding the government. I often need a cane and am a US expat currently in Spain. Here there's infrastructure but not always respect.

I'm currently in Madrid and it's pretty good for transport, at least from my cane-user perspective. Many metro stations have escalators and the major ones have elevators. The buses are clean and I think all of them kneel. I've seen several wheelchair users on buses.

The sidewalks can be narrow and crowded, and madrileños are known for not yielding as much as anglo countries or watching where they're going. More annoyingly, while there are several handicapped priority seats on every metro car, you become instantly invisible to the people currently seated in them. If someone offers me their seat it's usually someone in a normal seat. And sometimes everyone just leaves me to stand.

The same thing happens at the metro elevators. They're supposed to prioritize people with disabilities but often apparently able bodied people cram into them, yielding to no one. If there's a crowd at an elevator I just clomp up the stairs because it's more painful for me to stand and wait for the tiny elevator to make multiple trips until its finally my turn.

Finally, getting off the metro train can require some aggression. At the busy stations there's often a crowd blocking the door trying to push on when you're trying to get off, and a polite "con premiso" sometimes doesn't work, at which point I become all elbows and fight my way through.

I was recently in Paris and found that the metro was a lot worse in terms of accessibility and the sidewalks dirtier. I didn't try any buses.

A big plus for Madrid is the health care. I have private insurance for far cheaper than I spent in the US. It's quick and easy to get an appointment, though the doctors are so specialized it seems like no one sees the big picture.

I've heard that people in the south of Spain are more polite and am looking forward to a visit there. It might depend on both what your disability is, and your ability to get a visa for there.

Are you working?  The UK is quite good in terms of provisions and access, most people treat disabled pretty well, though our government is quite hostile towards any disabled who claim disability money.

Be aware you would probably be declined social security money for disability from virtually all nations unless you are a citizen/PR of that country. Some may exclude people with extreme health problems from getting visas, though if you are able to work and meet visa or other conditions you will have no problem in western nations.

What is your particular disability? I live in France and most health care are taken care of free of charge, or with most fee taken care of, and you can subscribe to a thing you pay from 10 to 60 per month if the part not taken care of is too expensive might b worth a cross-post to /r/iwantout God I'm so sorry. I just want to know where in the world we can possibly go... does anyone treat us like human beings who deserve a normal quality of life?? I was wondering if smaller countries would treat us better. Developed countries, at least those under the yoke of western imperialism, tend to have an attitude that if you're not a productive full-time worker, you don't deserve much help. I did notice in Norway, though, there were a lot more handicap toilets. In the US, most bathrooms just have one extra large stall for wheelchair users. In Norway, most stalls were normal width, but extra deep, and have this weird contraption that folds down and has rails on either side. So you use those to get out of the chair, spin around and plop yourself down. 

I used a few of the roadside toilets, and most of them had like 3 or 4 stalls, and at least 2 of them had the rails. Disabled spots were common. I used my American placard -- didn't find much info on using the American placard abroad, but didn't have any issues using it. No questions or tickets. 🤷🏻‍♂️

I do like how the handicap parking spaces are over in Europe. Here, they're regular sized spaces with an accessible walkway along one side. Meaning you're forced to pull in a certain direction if you need the extra space on a certain side. And because people are assholes, the access isle gets blocked a lot. Not uncommon to see motorcycles park in the space. Over in Europe, the spaces don't have an accessible isle, but are way oversized, so you park wherever you need to within the box to give yourself room.  The UK is like this, all visas apart from ILR/PR have a 'no recourse to public funds' endorsed on the visa. You mentioned that socialized medicine only covers RX & Dental if you qualify for disability. I’m assuming that qualifying for disability requires citizenship? 

My wife and I have recently started looking into moving to Canada for a number of reasons, but I can’t deny that healthcare tips that list. If I have to become a citizen to get RX coverage (and, thus, lose my US disability payments) then that doesn’t help overall. 

However, if I qualify for disability support just by being a resident then that would be a game changer. That's really interesting, thank you. I was looking at BC and NS and it looks like their income caps are also at poverty levels. What a neat world we live in, where being disabled means you maybe just shouldn't exist. I will add to this that although dental is "covered" there is a cap on the price that is covered for each procedure and at least here(BC) those prices are ancient and much lower than what any dentist (aside from those working low income clinics if you can find one) charges.  I am in Québec and don't know the particulars, because my wife's disability doesn't really qualify her for most programs (i.e. she doesn't cost much or has special medical needs).

I would add that there is a major difference in the approach used by U.S. and Canada.  

U.S. has passed its *Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)* around 1980, and basically the act puts lots of very strict requirements to make things physically accessible: building ramps, having wheelchair-accessible parking spots, fully accessible public transit, accessible restrooms, alternative print instructions, accessible exams at school, etc. It is far from perfect, as there are loopholes and walking 2 km "like everyone else" is not realistic for many disabled folks and using your specially modified van to go everywhere isn't possible on minimum wage. But overall, the U.S. principle is that we'll make everything physically accessible so anyone with a disability can use them.

The Canadian approach is more paternalistic. "Let's help you by providing special services"; or call it "separate but equal". Except these services are never equal.
For instance, less stores are accessible in Montréal than in many U.S. cities. There is typically 1 step, sometimes 2, and in many cases, it requires structural work that can't be done by the merchant but must be done by the building owner.

There is paratransit available to all who need it, but one needs to reserve 2 days ahead (I think) and your request may be denied if they are too busy. Or they run unpredictably. If you decide that you want to go shopping *right now,* forget it! Or if you want to visit Québec City as a Montréaler (or as a visitor), you can't use paratransit because you haven't applied. Or if you live in Longueuil and work in Montréal, you have access to Longueuil's paratransit so you can commute from Longueuil to Montréal, but you can't use it to leave your job in Montréal to visit a friend in Montréal (you would need to be living in Montréal for that).

In Montréal (STM), wheelchair-accessible buses were gradually introduced in 1998 (but really more like in 2003-2004), but they were low-floor buses with a rear ramp that was never maintained, so service was spotty at best. Since 2009, we have buses with a front ramp that *usually* works; right now, probably half the buses have a front ramp, which is enough to have decent service on most runs. But all bus runs end at a metro station, and 13 stations out of 68 are wheelchair-accessible (conversion is technically challenging, but they could provide an alternative bus service, for example). The STM has also bizarre practices like not allowing wheelchair curb access when there is no sidewalk, so entire zones of the island are inaccessible because of that. Likewise, when there is a snow storm, they may decide that it is inappropriate to offer service to wheelchair users until the snow is completely cleared. Can you stay off work for 1 week? Why not let people decide by themselves if they want to go out?

Apart from paratransit, other cities in Québec have dismal services for wheelchair users. Longueuil, Laval and Québec City offer 7-10 lines each (i.e. 5-10 % of their network) with limited stops (again, they want a sidewalk and most streets in Laval don't have sidewalks).

Likewise, some concert venues are accessible. But to what point, and it's definitely a favour they make you, and usually not a legal requirement. This is great info, thank you. Do you get any financial assistance? Or do you know about that there? I have RA, which means chronic pain and fatigue that keep me from working full time. But I'm a skilled graphic designer so I have work merits or whatever you'd call them. Is there financial support for disabled people there, and does it put a cap on your income? In most countries it seems like you're kept in poverty if you receive financial assistance. I wonder about that too. I spent some time in the summer in Ireland and the people were absolutely lovely, but I wonder if it would be the same living permanently there. Still, I treasure those memories of the time there, when for the first time in forever, I felt accepted. I am not a lawyer but I believe that permeant residency or refugee claimant qualifies you to apply.  Getting approved is another story.  Seems like most people are denied the first time and have to appeal.    You also need an Ontario Dr. on your side to fill out the forms.

 As /u/goldenshowerstorm pointed out, Canada has to have a reason to let people move into it. Its actually something I have thought about before too, granted for different reasons. Here is a link to help and see if your eligible.  


[https://www.canadavisa.com/assess/canada-immigration-assessment-form.htm#gs.q671fxA](https://www.canadavisa.com/assess/canada-immigration-assessment-form.htm#gs.q671fxA) I don't really know how dental is covered here but imagine it is similar.  I did hear that dentures are only covered for the plastic backed variety, not the more common metal kind.  I can't personally speak to wheelchair accessibility here.

Many stores have a step to get in so a group called gap.ca have been building ramps to get up that one or two steps.  The city has been giving shops who have these ramps a hard time claiming that the ramp is on city sidewalk space.  Still you see these ramps quite a lot downtown.

Our subways are making progress for mobility impairment.  They still have very few restrooms and the system is often ridiculously busy during work days and one of our two subway lines is often shut on the weekend for maintenance. 

Wheel trans requires booking ahead.  

Taxis have been a problem.  As soon as they see a wheel chair, they take off.   I have an online business. I don't know anything about public support here and frankly would be reluctant to rely on the government for anything (tons of bureaucracy; everything takes forever). I suspect it would be hard to get a visa without a job or proof that you can support yourself. If you can't work, you can have some money monthly (but just enought to live, less than the minimum wage). If you can work, you don't have a strict cap, however if your disability prevents you  from working full time, your income may be low... Regarding your situation and disability, you can get some income supplement . You still have to manage to find a job with your disability, which can be difficult.

 This + mostly taken care of health care make it a "maybe good enought option" I think but without knowing what you have, it's hard to tell. My GF is working to become a social worker, if you MP me some details, she offered to try and look it up for you. Remember many countries exclude social security for disability for non-citizens/PR. You indeed need permanent residency (or maybe even Canadian citizenship) or be an accepted refugee claimant.

There is somewhere along in the process an evaluation of medical needs, and if your needs (real or potential ones) are too heavy, you will be automatically denied the right to stay in Canada. Thanks, I appreciate the info! Thanks for the resource. Thankfully my wife would qualify for an employment visa, so it’s just a matter of her finding the right job if we decide to go. It seems like that's the case pretty much everywhere. Thanks for your input! Happy to help.  Feel free to PM me if you want. 