Someone commented this on my post the other day... Luckily I copied the comment and saved it before they deleted their comment which is sad :( so credit to them.. this is awesome, made me quite emotional.

“It is growing up different. It is extreme hypersensitivity. It is a bottomless pit of feeling you're failing, but three days later, you feel you can do anything, only to end the week where you began. It is not learning from your mistakes. It is distrusting people because you have been hurt enough. It is moments of knowing your pain is self inflicted, followed by blaming the world. It is wanting to listen, but you just can’t anymore because your life has been to full of people that have judged you. It is fighting to be right; so for once in your life someone will respect and hear you for a change. It is a tiring life of endless games with people, in order to seek stimulus. It is a hyper focus, so intense about what bothers you, that you can’t pay attention to anything else, for very long. It is a never-ending routine of forgetting things. It is a boredom and lack of contentment that keeps you running into the arms of anyone that has enough patience to stick around. It wears you out. It wears everyone out. It makes you question God’s plan. You misinterpret everything, and you allow your creative mind to fill the gaps with the same old chains that bind you. It narrows your vision of who you let into your life. It is speaking and acting without thinking. It is disconnecting from the ones you love because your mind has taken you back to what you can’t let go of. It is risk taking, thrill seeking and moodiness that never ends. You hang your hope on “signs” and abandon reason for remedy. It is devotion to the gifts and talents you have been given, that provide temporary relief. It is the latching onto the acceptance of others---like a scared child abandoned on a sidewalk. It is a drive that has no end, and without “focus” it takes you nowhere. It is the deepest anger when someone you love hurts you, and the greatest love when they don't. It is beauty when it has purpose. It is agony when it doesn’t. It is called Attention Deficit Disorder.” Dang. Feel this for sure. 

“It is the deepest anger when someone hurts you and the greatest love when they don’t.” So damn true. 

I’d correct it to the deepest anger when you perceive hurt from someone, because usually it’s misunderstood or jump to the worst possible conclusions on your own.  "You misinterpret everything, and you allow your creative mind to fill the gaps with the same old chains that bind you"

WOW.  Yes. >It is a never-ending routine of forgetting things. 

> It is a drive that has no end, and without “focus” it takes you nowhere. 

Thank you for saving and sharing this. I can identify with a lot of these and it helps to know I'm not alone!

 >It is beauty when it has purpose. It is agony when it doesn’t.

Very true words I could have written this if I were more articulate.  I feel this very same feeling right now. A never ending depressive cycle. Oof For all these things listed that are our struggles it is also a spontaneous nature that when tasked with a decision or a choice we make it fearlessly while others are frozen in calculation we have the bravery to pick. It is a creative mind that is quick to the punch, making us funny, lovable, and quirky. It is being brash and honest, maybe to a fault at times but often telling people real true thoughts rather than sugar coating what needs to be said. It is a conscious that steers us from hurting the people we love because we know we can’t possible keep the guilt and negative feelings in. It is loyalty to those that see past the forgetfulness and truly see we are competent, intelligent, loving people. It is new ideas and brainstorming power and the ability to make any story more alive. It is part of who we are, it is part of who we will always be, and it is part of us that people who truly love us love about us, it is something we should all learn to love about ourselves.  I haven't even been diagnosed yet (first assessment was a month ago, follow-up is tomorrow), but this hit me hard. Thank you for posting this. I wanted to say "this hits close to home" but it's more like "bullseye!".  Excuse me while I ugly cry for the rest of the day. This seriously brought me to tears because every last word is my life. It is so powerful that it’s hard to put into words. Whoever wrote this could be an author. That is really incredible. Ha 100% I wanna express how much I relate to this. I wanna word my thoughts on this truly beautiful text... I want to make others feel the intense emotions I got from reading this... I think I found the perfect way.

"Oof." 

That should do it. 