After two days on Vyvanse, it doesn't seem to be working? I was recently diagnosed with ADHD, after jumping through many hoops to be treated at my University's health center. Before being seen at my University, I had to do all of the tests with an off campus psychologist who initially did not thing I had ADHD, but was persuaded after seeing my CPT results and after noticing lots of impulsive answers on the evaluations. I thought the psychiatrist in the health center would be skeptical when I brought him my report, but he actually prescribed me Vyvanse with almost no resistance. 

I've been on 30 mg of Vyvanse for the past two days and I haven't really seen any of the positive effects people here generally talk about. The first time I took it, I didn't really get the euphoric feeling, but I did feel more frantic in my movements. I didn't notice any improvements in my attention, and still had disorganized thoughts. I took it at 10:30 in the morning and felt mostly normal by 3 in the afternoon.

The second time I took it (today) was much more muted, but I still didn't see an improvement in attention. I took it this time at 7:30, and I felt normal again by noon. I did notice that I was calmer and quieter at work, but it was actually harder to carry out the clerical and organizational tasks I have to do. 

At the peak of both days, I felt very out of it, and my memory of key details is missing. I also noticed that I lose awareness of my surroundings on Vyvanse. This doesn't just happen when I'm sitting and working on something, but also when I'm walking down the sidewalk or pushing a cart in Target. Vyvanse has been making me sleepy as well.

I'm concerned because many of these effects seem to be the exact opposite of what you'd expect. I've told my doctor about my concerns and he suggested I wait it out for a week and try to measure how productive I am for one hour with meds and one hour without. But I already know I'm much less productive on the meds. I'll keep going for a few more days and see if my body can adjust itself.

Do I just need a different dose? Is an adjustment period truly going to help if I haven't felt clarity at all in the first two days? I'm kind of doubting myself and questioning whether I even have ADHD at this point. Not everyone has success with stimulant medications. I really wish more was done to inform people given them that they may not work or cause you to get worse. Unfortunately there is a part of the ADHD population who aren’t good candidates for these meds. I’m one of them. It took several failed med trials to dig further and find this out, as well as to find out why. 

Stimulants work by flooding your brain with more dopamine. Too little dopamine is a common issue for people with ADHD, even though it’s not the only issue. But some of us actually have too much dopamine in parts of our brain. I have a genetic factor that causes an excess of dopamine in one part of my brain. Too much dopamine can cause symptoms of ADHD as well, then add in whatever other factors are at play. Unfortunately adding more dopamine to an already too high level of it and you’ll either see little effect or you’ll get worse. Studies I’ve read show this trend and I had similar results. 

You have a couple of options, talk to your dr about a higher dose(sometimes the fix), talk to them about a different medication(also sometimes the fix) or ask your doctor about the GeneSight test. That’s how I found out about how my genetics are affecting certain meds.  