Seeking advice - Going for walks I want to go for walks at dawn , but often feel uncomfortable on walks. Suggestions?
Some of this is physical, I'm 5'11 overweight, and even when I was not overweight, I've always had really long legs and skinny ankles. Walking has never been one of my favorite activities, but it would be a good thing for me now.   

It would be a suburban walk. Wake up, spend 15 minutes getting ready and walk out the front door. 
But my constantly wandering mind makes me think of so many things other than left foot, right foot, trees, sky beauty.   

Sometimes I find my self spending minutes trying to figure out if the light from a window is a lamp or one of those Winter candle things. And I realize I've been staring at a persons window for 2 minutes solid.   

Or a fellow walker coming from the other direction - I have a hundred different thoughts about how we should pass each other.   

I want to have 1 or 2 thoughts about that, not a hundred. Any ideas? About - ideally repetitive - and largely silent half hour walks with ADD?
 When faced with an oncoming social contact, I find a 'smile and nod' as you walk on by to be an easy and safe option. Especially if you pick a side (usually the same as for the lane you drive in) and veer to that from 5 m apart.

You seem normal, if kindly, and the burden of escalation is all on them.

If, on escalation, you feel the spaghetti attempting to escape your pockets, just stop, take a moment and apologise with, a smile, saying " 'Woah, sorry about that'/'That was odd' - my coffee hasn't kicked in yet!"

Brushing off potentially awkward situations with a secretly prepared joke is reassuring to both parties.

'Nothing to see here, fellow normal citizen! Let us be on our ways!'

I hope this helps improve your morning walks - I want to get into the habit myself! Try listening to music, I find the constant flood of sounds and lyrics (especially catchy ones) more distracting than people walking past and I don't have as many thoughts  I love walking, I go for lots of walks, often at very random hours of the night, and I need to have extra stimulation to focus on, whether it is one or more of:

- music
- bare feet
- running/speed in general
- nature

With music I can walk forever, with bare feet I'm engaged, with running I get to go fast, with trees and grass and no people/buildings/cars everything is just right. Without those, I'm going to go mad from boredom and get distracted by everything I pass and probably come back more mentally exhausted than when I left.

Also headphones are a great excuse for ignoring people :D Dear god, yes walk on the right side of the sidewalk. Or stubborn people like me will make you walk straight into me and then death glare you for not moving the hell over to your side of the sidewalk.   

.  
Also, on a more chipper note: absolutely the smile and nod. If you're really not feeling that, then wear sunglasses so you  don't have to make eye contact with people.  Exactly. I kinda just zone out and listen while I walk. Yeah it's a miracle tbh lol  Lol I won't even say hi to people I pass. I'll just focus on the sounds and words of my music and keep walking. Helps clear my mind as well. Yeah for real! I think it's just that good feeling when your listening to music is more important than thinking about strangers to our brains haha  Yeah that's right! It's great! And the walking helps a lot with any anxiety I'm having too just like pacing does. It calms me  