What’s wrong with Seattle? My company is allowing me to relocate to either Seattle or Denver. I feel like everyone always asks what there is to like about your city, so I wanted to ask what is WRONG? Why should I NOT move to Seattle?

Thanks for your responses :) Will you be be making 120-200k per year?  Apparently thats the new middle class here. Traffic.  It's expensive. Public transportation isn't up to par with other large cities. Winter can be depressing.  It's hard to make friends, and for guys to find dates here
Edit: straight guys [deleted] If you make 120k plus per year, move if not you will really struggle. A one bedroom apartment here rents for $1700+. If you wanna buy a house in a good shape with a Seattle address you are looking for $750 plus.   

Other than this the city is absolutely gorgeous!   Rainy and cloudy for about 8 months out of the year. Traffic is bad. Real estate is insanely expensive. The people are not very nice. There are too many tech transplants. The homeless and addiction issues here are so serious. Filth, garbage, human feces, used needles. Its disgusting. Seattle is pretty lame for folks that aren’t super social and already have issues making friends, the “Seattle freeze” is real and will kick you while your down.

Too many junkies and homeless criminals stealing your stuff or shooting up in front of your home/business and the cops won’t even pretend to try and help thanks to the kinder and gentler policies to take little or no action against them....  basically the cities in the area are saving money by not enforcing the laws at your expense...  just like San Francisco.

Rent is too high for what you get.

Oh, and most of the bikini baristas touch themselves and don’t wash their hands....  🤢

Other that that it’s a fine place to live. There is so much to like about Seattle and Western Washington in general. But, since you asked what's WRONG with it, I'll. Indulge. First and foremost the winter weather. It's dark, wet, and generally pretty depressing from about November until April, and sometimes longer depending on the year.  The cost of living has skyrocketed, which is an issue in itself, but the main consequence of that is the homelessness problem. There are LOTS of vagrants and drug addicts wandering the streets of the city, with more showing up every day. The city leadership seems to be completely hopeless in their efforts to tackle that one. Everything they do seems to only make it worse.  Personally, I find the poltical/social climate in Seattle detestable. Everyone is so falling over themselves, apologist, extreme liberal that you really have to fall in line, or you'll be shunned or even harassed. Just look at this sub for examples. But, if you're a liberal activist, you'll love it.  Cost of living.
Weather.
Traffic.
Seattle freeze.
Property crime.

If you’re getting paid $200k to work from home, and you’re a shut-in, you’ll do fine. "Tech bros" that's the fucking problem I've lived in Seattle and now Denver. To be honest, I like Denver more. Seattle wasn't bad, though.  Our city's government likes to waste money on obviously stupid projects that wind up hurting more than helping. Generally, your tax dollars here will be hit and miss, usually miss. From tax hikes that make no sense to anti-science lobbyists getting funding for bad ideas.

The poor in Seattle suffer the most because of these, while they tout out big "housing" projects, once in such a place there are no resources available, making living on the streets a much more appealing state. Our government doesn't listen to the poor, it listens to the people who speak loudest pretending to speak for the poor.

Food is over priced and there are no cheap alternatives, even McDonald's here is over priced. People complain about traffic, so they disrupt everyone's lives in the big city to try to appease them only to create a bigger problem and reduce the amount of profitable traffic through downtown while all the building managers hike rent to push out businesses they don't like.

The police are great here, but they often can't help you because some law prohibits them from doing so.

The city is more focused on image than on function, it wants to look better than it is to the point of ignoring things that are broken. The question is subjective to each person on the thread. I agree with a lot of what’s been said so far. I’ve lived here for 2 years now, and here’s my .02cts.. I’ve grown up in the rural Midwest, lived in Chicago and LA. 

The weather I absolutely do not like.. I never thought seasonal depression was a thing until living here. 3 months of nice weather followed by 9 months of rubbish. Sure it’s not as cold as the Midwest/east coast, but the rain and darkness in winter is wearing..

Cost of food here is expensive, even shitty diner food.. I’m also underwhelmed with the lack of options, it’s no LA, SF, or NYC and the cost to dine out is arguably more expensive 

Regarding transit as mentioned above, that’s pretty low on my list of things wrong with Seattle. I think they have a pretty good bus system and they are developing the light rail. It’s ridership is low income to 200K tech broa.. (I personally use it everyday as I don’t own a car)  Too many transplants Go to Denver!!!!! I picked Seattle over Denver a couple years ago and man am I regretting it. Denver is a lot more welcoming in my opinion, the "seattle freeze" is so real. Anything that interests you here you can find in Denver as well(minus the Puget sound obviously, our coastal areas are beautiful). 4 actual seasons every year, and the cost of living is *slightly* less  Only problem with Seattle is the city council and the totally dipshit half assed way they try to deal with real issues such as crime, homelessness and drug use.  They aren’t held accountable by themselves or the public.  Other than that it’s pretty great Just moved from Denver 6 months ago.

Denver was great, I loved the outdoors there and the skiing was incredible. Weather was more Midwestern where you had 100F days in the summer and -10F days in the winter. People were my least favorite thing about Denver. So fucking bro-y and very white. The restaurant scene is also much better in Denver IMHO.

Seattle feels like home though. The weather is amazing. I love the rain and fog and the summer was incredible. People are much nicer in Seattle than Denver in my experience. Cost of living is higher in Seattle but you can make more money here. The market has actually caught up a bit more for some industries when it comes to pay compared to Denver. Also no state income tax here!

Feel free to PM me if you want more info. I’ve lived here for twelve years and the city seems to have changed for the worse. The cost of living is insane, and the homeless camps are becoming dangerous. I work by the courthouse and some days I’m like, “Oh, cool, maybe I’ll get stabbed today. Cool, cool, cool.” 

I feel like the city lost its soul. 

Besides that, I love the weather and the dim sum in the international district is top tits! :)
 Dark and rainy all winter. It's worse than living on the East coast dealing with snow and getting much more sun. I'm in a similar place, as I have job offers in both Seattle and Denver. 

The Seattle job is considerably more lucrative though, and between visiting both cities, I was much more enchanted by Seattle. It feels much more like an actual city... Downtown Denver is cool, but outside of that, it struck me way more as a midwestern style small city, in the vein of OKC or Dallas (obviously better though).



 The weather sucks imo. People here are really reserved and it’s difficult to make friends. See my comment history from this morning. Lol.

Look at what's getting upvotes to see what sucks about Seattle. If you are hating on men, upvotes. If you are hating on people from any other part of the country, upvotes. Read between the lines. Plus fat stock options if you wanna be upper middle class. Is pubIic transportation really that good in Denver? It's expensive in the "trendy" and the so-called popular areas.  Capitol Hill, Queen Anne, Belltown, SLU, etc are way expensive.  You can find other neighborhoods in Seattle proper, as well as in neighboring cities that are totally affordable.

One of the more comical things you hear some Seattle folk bellyache about, is how they can't afford a trendy place in CapHill.  That's considered an injustice in their mind... Lol It is super not hard to find dates here: 

Source: am guy, don’t particularly struggle with it. Neither do any of my male friends.  The people disagreeing with this are required to do so by the matriarchy. Also am straight guy, and none of my straight, male friends struggle with it either. 

It’s just you, buddy.  It used to be wet. Jury’s still out for this season. So does every major (and even minor) metropolitan area in the country.  People complain about the clouds so much that when I point to blue sky they say “It will be gone tomorrow!” Keep that myth alive!  Thank you!  I moved here from Northern California. People here are absolutely way nicer.  The upvotes to that comment will increase to meet demand of local (anti-male)sexism and anti-(authentic)intellectualism.

The downvotes to this comment will reflect unaddressed shame and a lack of self-awareness by the people who resemble it. Username checks out  as a liberal in Seattle i completely agree.  i cant wait to not vote for this current batch of clowns. They rolled over to amazon on the head tax while picking a stupid loosing battle with the showbox owner, its amateur hour . Way more built up but more expensive. This is half right, half garbage. The trendy places are super expensive, but the not so expensive places are also still very expensive for what you get.  Ok tell us what “other neighbohoods in Seattle proper that are totally affordable”. By you saying totally affordable, how much is the one bedroom?  I've had this experience with people in Tempe, AZ. All the townies like to bitch and moan about the ASU students and fancy condos pricing them out from their beloved Maple Ash neighborhood. The thing is, they're not in danger of being homeless, they're just in danger of being priced out of the ultra-popular hip neighborhood. There's plenty of lower-cost housing in the area just two or so miles in any direction.

Newsflash, popular things attract more people.  Seriously. If a dude is having trouble finding a date it's on him not the city.  I'm glad you have that perspective.  Maybe you're putting in a bit of effort, thank you from the women of Seattle. I grew up in w western Washington and lived in Seattle 5 years. Where's the myth haha?  You must have met the tech transplants instead of the NIMBY people. That's not saying much. Rich pricks are generally nice to rich pricks. This is not true. Denver's public transportation is not amazing. I currently live there. Average rent for a one bedroom in Seattle is about $1900/month. You can find places in West Seattle, Beacon Hill, South Park, South Park, etc. for under average and even lower in some areas.  It can be done.

Here's a link that is helpful:  https://www.rentcafe.com/average-rent-market-trends/us/wa/seattle/ It's more like 5 months of cumulative grey and dreary.  I mean, we just had a stellar September and October.  The spring and summer were lights out (like most of the time).

I just sometimes we get the reputation of being foggy and drizzly like Scotland.  Actually, most of them are born and raised in WA. What do you mean not true? I never said it was amazing. The RTD system has way more track than Seattle. It doesn't go to the right places in my opinion and is expensive but it is still way more built out that Sound Transit currently is. I've been shopping around, and what you say seems to be true.  You dont want to live in any of these neighborhoods specially Beacon Hill and south park with high crime rates. West Seattle is expensive and has a huge transportation problem with the WS bridge and what added even more is  the viaduct demo. 

I want to say that Seattle is really a nice city if you make good money ($120k +), I still dont see the wages for non tech workers corrected to cover the price hikes. How can you buy a house in this market if you make less than $200k?  Really?  Have you been to Beacon Hill or South Park lately?  It has gotten a lot better--especially South Park. There's some real opportunities there if you're willing to Look AND if you're able to abandone the unnecessary desire to live somewhere "cool" or "trendy."  