Looks like the pilot of Alaska 401 got tired of waiting in circles and took a sightseeing spin around Mt. Rainier this morning  Was on this flight today.  Pilot got special clearance.  [This was the result](https://www.reddit.com/r/EarthPorn/comments/9yx2c0/best_part_of_an_inair_delay_during_a_flight_to/?st=JOQI33QV&sh=0642df98).  
  
It was the best delay ever.   Yeah, probably a better view than seein Chehalis 6 times

Edit: looks like they spent more time circling here than actually flying from LA. Altitude / speed graph for that flight is pretty interesting Would suck to be the folks on the left side.  How did you even find this out lmao  Delays related to bad weather happen all the time at SeaTac airport. This is the first time I’ve seen a plane take a sight seeing spin. I’m sure it’s very unusual for a pilot to get permission to do this. Must have been pretty fun being on that plane.  Spokane, Portland, Paine, and Boise all looked pretty busy this morning with re-routed Seattle bound flights. Would passengers notice all of those turns? They probably do this just about every time you land, but I can imagine it making people feel ill with this many circles.  I think the last leg of my flight from India this morning was one of the first flights in at like 11am. Thank goodness we didn't have to divert to Portland or something because i was flying for like 30 hours! Definitely noticed a bit of a holding pattern like this though. Yep, saw this person post a [photo that looks like it was from that flight:](https://www.reddit.com/r/EarthPorn/comments/9yx2c0/best_part_of_an_inair_delay_during_a_flight_to/) Would they get in trouble for that? Semi related - why do flights from the south go up to the city, only to turn around and land at the airport facing south. Do all flights into SeaTac do the same? I work by the airport and there was 2 planes circling overhead that didn't look like they were that far apart from each other. This was about a 10 minute drive away from the airport. Why is this plane circling so far south? Whats the problem with circling closer to the airport? What website is this to see the path? My flight did something weird too so I’m curious to see what the pilot did.  Thumbs-up for the pilot 👍👍👍👍👍👍 Would think they would want a higher altitude  An example of "Global warming fisted in the face" ...  Yo. This pilot mad dope yo.  That is some cool shit right there. Nice to see he didn't do any flips or barrel rolls Yeah it super sucks for those of us who live out here and have to hear the planes just make circles over Tacoma . That flight path looks like a sack and 🍆 Could this be classed as a highjacking?  That’s incredible.  How does that work? Did the captain just announce that you are going to fly to Rainier for sightseeing? Or did he ask passengers first if they wanted to go there? What if some people just wanted to circle around Chehalis? Did you take a vote?  What an awesome pilot. I hope everyone wrote to Alaska corporate and told them how great this guy was. Shit that’s way better then when we got delayed due to fog after a red-eye back from Hawaii. Finally had to fly to Portland to refuel and come back.  How'd ya get such a clear pic through the plane window? Any time I've tried it looks like a hazy mess. I'm genuinely curious cause damn that's amazing. I knew if I came to the comments someone was gonna have been on this flight That's so awesome!  I work for KING 5 in Seattle.  Do you mind if we share this photo with our viewers? Internet is amazing dude. yes. the only reason i'd ever sit window  I was gonna say, either that or burning fuel for landing.  Yeah - we left Las Vegas at 6-ish, and started our hold around 8am.  We landed at 10:25.   Seriously  "Well folks, we are just going to flip this baby on her back so the folks on the other side get a view too"

[some old commercial that is stuck in my head for no reason]  I might be retarded but wouldn’t it be right side that got the shitty view? To me it looks like thenplane was circling clockwise The pilots community is small enough that news travels fast. Flight Tracker. I'm in Portland and saw circular contrails overhead so I got on FlightAware to see what was up. Lots of planes in holding patterns over Portland, Chehalis, and Monroe yesterday morning. Then there were a couple that took big detours around Rainier. Just asked my grandfather about this (he was an airline pilot for 30 years) and he said he'd get permission to do this sort of thing all the time. Pilots just have to ask ATC for permission and said 99% of the time it's approved.  Can confirm.  Was fun.  First time I've seen passengers not livid over a delay. After being delayed for 5 hours trying to get from PDX to SEA this morning, we gave up and decided to try again tomorrow. It was a mess, but hey it is what it is. I was headed to work this morning and noticed the unusual contrails above Spokane. What was the reason for the delay to Seattle? We definitely noticed.  Pilot communicated with us the whole way so none of us were thrown off.  :) Passengers would probably notice! It's called a holding pattern and doesn't happen most flights (typically only if an airport is overly busy or poor weather is causing delays). 

&#x200B;

That said, the bank angle when circling like this is usually pretty low and would be unlikely to make you sick unless you were particularly prone to it. 

&#x200B;

(tl;dr-- the rate at which they turn is relatively slow, so while you might notice, it's unlikely to make you sick) Yep, that was me.  See top comment.  :P When flying and you want to try something weird, "it doesn't hurt to ask." They were at 21,000 feet when they left the holding pattern, so they were in Class A airspace, which means they most definitely needed clearance from ATC (Seattle Center, in this case). But since they were asking to go into airspace that was probably pretty vacant, and then return to the holding pattern, this was probably an easy "yeah sure" from the center. One of the passengers from the flight commented here and said the pilot requested special clearance first. Landing (and takeoff) is always performed into the wind to reduce approach speeds and increase lift, so sometimes landings are performed to the north and sometimes to the south. They have several places for planes to "hold". If they were all just circling the city there would be a traffic jam up there. www.flightaware.com A bigger thumbs up to the air traffic controller at overseeing that sector for letting them exit the hold for a few minutes.  With a holding pattern you can get cleared at any time to land.  There were also *multiple* planes in a holding pattern in the Seattle area, so I imagine they were at various altitudes to avoid conflicting paths. No. ?!?!?! What...?  Idk of anybody that wants to fly over Chehalis <5 times. He made the decision on his own.  Once he received clearance from ATC in Seattle, he let us know that we were still in an indefinite hold but got the okay to take a path over Mt Rainier while we were waiting.  That's where you see that he veered in the figure 8 pattern to try and give both sides of the plane a view.  
  
I was on the right side, so I got a bit luckier in that regard. He would have had to ask the tower for clearance to do it. I’m not a pilot at all, but I’m pretty sure they use the towers and request permission for a change in flight plan. 

Also, if ATC at SeaTac said it would be at least a certain number of minutes, I’d imagine the pilot might just asked permission to do a slightly different path instead of two more circles over the airport. He probably just thought it was a good idea and then radioed ATC for clearance. The lady in the window seat was conveyor belting phones while we were using the flight safety card to reduce some of the light beaming in.  Was really intelligent, and our row tag-teamed really well, especially to help the folks on the left side.  Took each phone, put it on burst settings and moved on.  The rest was up to the quality of the phone and, honestly, a little bit of luck.  I have an iPhone XS Max if curious.  Her name was Jennifer.  She was awesome. That sucks. I wonder what happens if you run low on fuel and the fog just won’t let up. I imagine they reroute you to...Portland? Or is there another airport with reasonable ground transportation close by? Think about that for a second...if circling clockwise around the mountain, the starboard (right) side of the plane would be facing the mountain.  the plane was circling counter-clockwise, you can look at the entry and exit points to work that out As long as it doesn’t inconvenience the controllers too much they will let you do stuff like this sometimes.  Most controllers are good people and will try to help Take Amtrak  Dense Fog Alert.  Full ground stop. The airport is doing some major work and because of that they had to raise the minimum weather (visibility) required for flights to land and take off. Normally today would not have been too bad, but because of the work being done flights were not able to land or take off for a number of hours. This is very unusual for Seatac in this day and age, so hopefully it will all be back to normal in the next month or so. Unless you're flying into Heathrow. Pretty sure you always end up in a hold there, but that gives you decent views of London so... Not bad. Not usually any wind when there is fog, some airports have a specific runway during LVO. Everyone wants to fly over  Chehalis  <5 times! Fuck Chehalis. That's really cool. Sucks that you were in the air so long, but at least you got a story and some pics. Thanks for sharing! How does the figure 8 pattern give both sides of the plane a view? Seems like the right side would have the better view the entire time.  I might be retarded but wouldn’t it be right side that got the shitty view? To me it looks like the plane was circling clockwise [deleted] You're only going to talk to a controller at a tower if you're within a few miles of an airport and fairly low to the ground. In busy areas, you'll talk to an approach (or departure) controller who is monitoring radar in the local environment. At higher altitudes and in more sparse areas, you'll talk to a center controller who also watches on radar. Jennifer is your iPhone or the woman? Read sometime ago about pilots in Russia / Soviet Union, as I was born there. Before flight, they basically had to chose an airport that they could use in this type of situations (backup airport). So depending on the weather, how comfortable they were to land in that other airport, other factors, they just pick an aiport nearby. Its probably something similar here, but I don't know I overheard a flight attendant saying that either Paine field (Everett, WA, about 30 minutes north of Seattle) or Portland would be the alternate airports. My mom was flying in from Chicago on AS 27 this AM. They did like one hold, diverted to Spokane so they could be first in line for the refuel/takeoff when the fog cleared. They were on the ground like one hour. I also understand that Alaska diverted some flights to KPAE. So, plenty of options. If you are running out of fuel, ground transportation does not matter, the pilots will put the plane on the ground at the nearest runway that can handle them. In the case of Sea-Tac that could be Boeing Field, Paine Field, Renton, or even one of the military fields. Typically they would have an alternate airport or 2 in the flight plan. Additionally, ATC would be able to give them weather readouts for all nearby airports and vector them to one. If, because of pilot and ATC oversight they ended up in a fuel emergency, they can still typically land using ILS in heavy fog, thought not normally advisable.  you go to Milwaukee Was previously an aircraft dispatcher, airlines have then as they are required by the FAA. We plan the flights, how much weight the plane can take, how much fuel it needs, etc. We are required to have an “alternate airport,” basically an airport your flight can go to if the weather at your destination is bad. Or the pilots can choose to go somewhere else as well, as long as they have the fuel. I meant cirling at the airfield, not the mountain. But I thought the plane flew from Seattle. I guess Seattle was the destination If Seattle was my final destination, I would have just drove or took the choo choo yesterday. I wish it would have been that easy. Was wondering if this was only the turbo props that couldn’t get in. 

*edit: I incorrectly thought the heavies could do 0/0 approaches to class A airports but was incorrect.  I once had a flight arrive in London an hour early due to high tailwinds then lose all that extra time in holding.  Chehalis is the fucking worst. I-5 *always* bottlenecks there since they lower the speed limit Wait why? Ignorant girl here, pls help. he did a barrel roll halfway through and flew back upside down First you go around clockwise, then you leave turn around and go around counterclockwise.  We approached from the left side of the mountain and flew around the right.  Check out the animated flight path if you like :) Bullshit. Anyone who has worked for or with the FAA knows none of this would ever happen. Yeah, holding where they were, they would have been on with Seattle Center.  The woman.  I haven't given my phone a name...but seeing that it's already paid for itself for this moment, I may name it Rainier :P Yup...I had to trace the lines as well to figure which way it was going. Fun fact if you like to look at these flight paths: The path the plane kept repeating is called a Holding Pattern! They are created by airports for ATC to direct planes to when the demand for landings at any given moment is too high to accommodate safely. These are only used for arriving planes, so if you see a flight path with one of these on it, it means the plane landed at that end! It's often still a good idea. If you have delays, airlines are often happy to get you out their hair especially if there is any chance of overbooking. I've never done it on the west coast but have a lot of the times in the northeast.

For example, flew from Europe to JFK and was meant to connect to DC. Big storms hit, everything grounded. I ask the gate agent if I can get offloaded from the flight and just take the train. They say yes and  tell me to request reimbursement for the ticket. About a month later I get a check in the mail for the cost of the train ticket.

If you're connecting to another flight (e.g. PDX - SEA - Japan) you should be able to ask them to just cut the first leg from the ticket and have you pick up your itinerary in Seattle. > 0/0 landings are done all the time.

Nope.

No airline or airport has Cat IIIc certification to land 0/0 anywhere in the world as far as I'm aware. Effectively the lowest anyone can land is Cat IIIb. While aircraft are probably technically capable of landing 0/0, there is no way to safely taxi from the runway to the gate with literally 0 visibility. Until that is solved there will be no 0/0 landings.

With everything working at Seattle and the aircraft properly equipped the lowest minimums are 300RVR. The weather yesterday was hovering around 300RVR for a few hours, but with the construction the mins are above that at the moment so no one could arrive or depart. Drugs, depression, and cows. [deleted] Ah, of course! :)  But the plane only appears to have taken one pass around the mountain. I couldn’t find it, but I’ll take your word for it. You were on that plane after all ;) Yeah. I’m an airline pilot. The only time I’ve known I’ve had a controller on board is when a working controller asked us to embarrass her on the PA. I have never asked FAs to comp drinks based on who someone is, only based on circumstances.
 All of the ground delays we get are part of a system that tries to keep it as fair for everybody as we can.  [deleted] Ahh, gotcha. I will amend.  Knew the big boys were *capable* of 0/0, shouldn’t have presumed. Especially since I have the plates saved on my iPad.
It’s still nice knowing they *can* in an absolute emergency. 

And the taxiing thing makes sense, tower is going to want full visibility of all taxiing aircraft on the field. I was thinking cars drive in this fog so the planes can taxi in it, but tower needs 100% control. We need to get the planes hooked up with that Tesla autopilot self park feature!  Oh Lord, the cows . . . Don't forget the speed traps. It was just used in speech in able to more smoothly connect the sentance together, much like words such as “man, boy, dude, person, etc.” Someone's Jimmies got rustled..... Can't answer that one. I would like to point out that also wasn't the question originally asked. The first was generic, this one is about specifics of this flight neither of us know for sure. So OP, or u/wingman2011 would be much better people to direct that question towards. I didn't downvote you. It's just not realistic. There are too many moving parts in the airspace system for a single controller to have enough influence to get you priority for the hell of it. Not to mention, it's totally not allowed. An emergency? Sure, everyone accommodates you to the maximum extent possible. Your buddy is on the plane? No way. Not going to happen. And outlets.  And the Uncle Sam billboard! The pilot said he would try to get both sides a view.  We did only take one pass around, as the flight map shows, and the right side got very lucky, as did the couple left side folks who got their phones to our row. But that's who was asked.  You just gave an irrelevant answer to a question that was limited in scope. Don’t feed the troll.  And an overpass people can’t seem to stop hitting  