When the grey returns after 5 days of sun  Ill take it, but a day-long medium drizzle would be heaven I miss old Seattle summers, when the high was just about 75. Perfect weather. None of this 94 degrees shit. omg. People where I work were practically giddy today..  That was way longer than five days, and it was horrible.  I welcome the grey with... arms wide open!!!! As someone who moved here from the east coast in part because I was told of the mild weather here, I'm glad it's shifting back to being cooler. I was dying the past week or so.  I walked outside today and didn't die or want to die. It was glorious. Happy August! Quality post Who else is ready for a day or two of rain? 🙋🏼‍♀️ thank god I am celebrating by walking around on my lunch. I’m just glad Summer fell on a weekday. Fall is almost here!!! As a Washingtonian that now resides in Colorado, as much as I do love having an abundance of sun, I cherish our occasional grey, drizzly days... Lame! Just getting over this crazy Illness the last 3 weeks and can’t enjoy some sun! Moving here from Texas in a month... Not excited for the lack of sun it’s nice but I **need** that rain It's supposed to get sunny again this weekend though, right? Blue skies and sun again, what is happening  Winter is coming.  So true!  God you poor precious little winter babies wouldn't know what a real summer was even if came along and melted you into a pool of dirty water and a carrot. Booooo Looked at a weather app last night and it was saying next week was supposed to be high 60s and light rain. Looked at it today and now it says 80s and sunny. Oho... you just wait brother, it's coming. I miss that smell. Thanks Obama LOL. I love this image. Temba? Why is it I can hear Scott Stapp's voice just reading that? 🎶 *if I had just one wish, only one demand*🎶  Oh don't worry, the darkness and damp starts soon enough.   That's interesting considering most here in the PNW are repeatedildy told even when hot is more mild than the east coast.  I miss the CO sun in the middle of winter, but because of it's abundance I've always loved cloudy days. So while it might get a little oppressive sometimes, I really like the gloomy,  misty drizzle during winter hikes through moss covered tree's. Some days it just seems unreal, like something out of a fantasy novel! Same goes for walking around the city in that weather, it's just really cool.  I came from Arizona, and at first my spirit was broken. I was a man asunder, confused how the gods could so forsake a place and deprive it of heavenly warmth. Then I was forged anew on Rainer beer and potent edibles. I became a new human entity, *Cascadiapolithecus.*   No lie, if your inside without a window and you work 8-5 and stay inside on your lunch break, its entirely plausible you will go the entirety of fall, winter, and much of spring without seeing *any* sun. I try to make my hours so I see at least some in the morning or afternoon if its there. 

Regardless, its a great city with plenty to do- even in the winter months. Here's a tip for when you get here. GO OUTSIDE! Is it wet? Wear a rain jacket. Is it chilly? Wear extra layers. Is it dark? Bring a headlamp. Coming from the south west I almost went crazy until I realized I needed to embrace the weather rather than hide from it, and when I did I (mostly) started to love it. One of my fav things to do here is walk to a pho place on super nasty days. It makes it so much better!  go outside on your lunch break in the fall and spring and you'll be fine, just might not be 70 degrees I’m from Florida. It’s really not as bad as people say it is. Find yourself some good vitamin D supplements.  You’re coming to the wrong place, brother Don’t do it! I’m from California and the lack of sun is the absolute worst. July was nice and sunny. Half of May was nice. September-April and June I hardly saw the sun. Nothing but gray and a constant boring drizzle. I really don’t know how people can live like this long-term. Maybe coming from the land of sunshine, my body got used to a daily overdose of Vitamin D. I use supplements and sun lamps, it barely puts a dent in the gloom. Oh and get ready for it to be completely dark by 4pm all winter. I can’t wait to move to someplace sunny again. It's supposed to rise again until it peaks at about 90 on Wednesday Darmok and Jalad on Capitol Hill. Temba, his cocktail cold. I love you.  And with it, we reemerge refreshed and rejuvenated. Like frogs hibernating in dry mud or some kind of fungus-people. It is. So when it's hot here in Seattle, I remind myself that the East Coast is worse. I can wear my hat and walk outside in a dry 85, but a humid 100 and I stay at home with the shades drawn and a $400 electric bill. It's less humid here, but when it hits nearly 90, its still awful.
 The problem with abundant sun in CO, especially during the summer, is that it makes me feel like I should be outside enjoying it all the time.  I typically start longing for fall and winter towards the end of the summer because the cooler, cloudy days make me feel justified in just relaxing at home on the couch. I'm feeling that a lot right now. As a person who hates mornings I for one enjoy it still being dark at 7 am This is winning. Walk to Pho in the drizzle. Gortex, only tourists use umbrellas.  Killer Shaka. When the crustini served. Hear hear, long live the fungal seattleite clan Eh, it was about ten degrees cooler where I'm from a few days. It is humid there, I'll say that. And humidity sucks.   Zinda, his coffee black, his scone vanilla.  Thank you for not saying "here, here." It's not about any particular day, but the average over the summer. I grew up in the South. I don't visit family during the summer. Heck, even Boston gets hotter than Seattle. I couldn't avoid an AC there, but I'm doing all right here without. Dilly, dilly 