Potential uses for apple watch for us ADHDers? ...and those of us with ADHD kids, for them.  

I am thinking lots and lots of silent alarms.  Including one that goes off every five minutes or so that pops up and says "what are you supposed to be doing, you idiot? Pay attention!" Potentially picture or photo alarms for the kid (who can't read yet).  Alarms on my phone don't always work for me because I don't always have it ON me.  Watch is strapped to me so I can't lose it.  Same with the kiddo.  

Voice activated notes, hopefully key word searchable.  Even better would be to interface directly with omnifocus on my computer.

Find where the hell I put my freakin phone down. And my keys. And my car.  It could work like radar or something... "getting warmer...."  Seriously. Could they do something like that? We already have find my phone and various other tracking tags.  

Any other ideas?  

Also, kind of unrelated, but I want my iPad to turn into one of those clear devices that identifies people like in Guardians of the Galaxy, so that it can tell me what their names are and how I know them and other pertinent information because I always fucking forget.    

That isn't too much to ask, is it?  
 

 None of this is revolutionary with the Apple watch. Pebble has been out over a year and does all of the above.  And it's $200 cheaper.  Oh! Also, a watch version of the [time timer](http://www.timetimer.com) and 30/30 apps, both with photo backgrounds. Also, remember that it's a Bluetooth device so if not having your phone is a problem all you have is an expensive wristwatch with poor battery life.  [deleted] I'm doing this with the LG G Watch (running android wear). The tipping point for me getting it was the alarm on my wrist. I started ignoring my alarms in the morning and needed a different way to get up. I modded the software to increase the vibration settings and works like a charm so far. I'm still learning the thing so the apps will work with it (Wunderlist works well so far).  The problem I foresee with this and other smart watches is that it'll just boost distractions. I know Damn well I'd get one for "being really productive"and spend time I should be working playing on it. I already have a hard enough time getting off my phone.  Omg I totally thought the same thing!!! This. Not that you shouldn't consider the Apple watch, but there are lots of non-Apple alternatives put there from the likes of Samsung, LG, Motorola, Pebble, etc. They all share a pretty similar feature set, although I really just want silent alarms and reminders.
 