What is the best option for accountant with severe ADHD? I have a case of severe ADHD. I got my degree in accounting about 13 years ago, but I have struggled to succeed in accounting for a long time. Any private sector job that I had has lasted less than five months. I have terrible time with data entry.  I have superior analytical skills and spreadsheet skills, but I struggle to be detail-oriented especially with data entry into spreadsheets and accounting systems.  I had a government job for ten years but I could never be promoted because I struggled with data entry portion of the job.  I feel that I am going to have to exit the profession because I just do not have the data entry and attention to detail that profession requires.  Or I need an extensive ADHD coaching from ADHD coach who provide extensive job coaching and also has direct contact with the employer.  The coach would also spend time with the employer to discuss performance-related issues and progress within job each week.  The coach would assist the employer with ways to help me to deal with the difficulties with the position.  No CFO or Accounting Manager in the private sector has the time and patience to interface with a job coach or provide extensive feedback on performance on real-time basis. The only job where this could possibly work is the government. I am just feel real discouraged right now and I just do not know what to do. I was in the same boat.  I actually got my CPA, but could not actually do accounting unless I was on Adderall, and I hated it.  My honest to God, scary but truthful advice is to find a different career.  Staying in a job you aren't naturally good at will hurt your confidence, hurt your income, hurt your relationships at work and at home due to stress, and more.  There is basically very little upside.  

Here is what I did:  

1.)  Found a psychiatrist I could trust to talk to about prescriptions to help me focus and deal with anxiety.  Because of the hard work I did with the counselor (#3 below), I no longer need the anxiety meds, but use Adderall situationally.
2.)  Took an aptitude test given by Johnson O'Connor http://www.jocrf.org.  It's expensive but confirmed to me that I was absolutely in the wrong career.  The person that went over my test with me said I could continue in accounting but would always struggle more than others, and suffer needlessly.  It ALWAYS better to focus on your strengths.  
3.)  Found a counselor to work through the emotional issues of leaving something secure and pursuing something new.  These were deep rooted and painful to work through, but worth it.  I also uncovered many other things, because for me, many issues I struggled with had a common theme.  
4.)  Found a hobby that helped me build marketable skills on the side, because I didn't want to pay to go back to school.  I built, designed, and write my own blog which taught me Wordpress, photoshop, content writing, email marketing, basic design, google analytics, etc.  
5.)  Saved up and hired a fantastic career coach.  
6.)  Followed every piece of advice she gave me even if it was unorthodox.  Meditation, get in touch with my intuition about what I really wanted, yoga, exercise, getting support, journaling, etc.  It was weird for me at first, because as a guy, I was raised to crush my emotions under a heaping pile of rocks and debree.  However, the truth is that it takes more courage to deal with them so the feeling "wimpy" will be your ego psyching you out.  After she helped me with my "mind and emotional game," she set me up with career interviews, helped me with my resume, etc.  I actually have two this week with fairly influential people.   
7.)  Used the knowledge I gained from my hobby to do free work (for friends) or paid work (not a ton, but something) for people who need writers in the financial industry which takes advantage of my background.  This spun into marketing type work.  
8.)  Networked and made sure I had a good support group looking out for me.  
9.)  Continued to take small steps in the right direction and had faith in myself that if I balanced my "logic" with intuition, and focused on my natural gifts instead of working to compensate for my weaknesses, that things would work out.  
10.)  I made a commitment to embrace failure and try new things.  In that process, I painted my first painting.  I was dumbfounded that I love it so much and truthfully, am upset that I didn't embrace any of my creative side earlier.  I can actually focus on art, because all of my ideas actually help me (again focus on your strengths).  It was an abstract painting so I could just let my mind go for once.

All in all, it was scary as hell, but the most rewarding time of my 34 years on this planet.  

Below is a recent post that I wrote on my blog about over coming the emotional issues inherent with ADD, because it can hurt your self-esteem and make you feel trapped.  It is a summary of the things I have learned while implementing the above steps so hopefully it helps you move through them faster than me.  

http://www.prettygoodatlife.com/2014/01/coming-terms-add-adult/

This is a long article, because I poured my heart into it. I really feel it will help people like you and me.  

The other thing I realized was redefining intelligence for myself so I didn't feel "stupid."

http://www.prettygoodatlife.com/2013/11/stop-labeling-people-smart-dumb-includes/

Also, if you need a pep talk, watch this video:  
http://www.prettygoodatlife.com/2014/01/coming-terms-add-adult/

Have faith.  Do what you like / love / are gifted at, but be practical about it, because you have to make a living.   > Found a hobby that helped me build marketable skills on the side, because I didn't want to pay to go back to school. I built, designed, and write my own blog which taught me Wordpress, photoshop, content writing, email marketing, basic design, google analytics, etc.

I'm curious, does your current career have something to do with web design/development?  That's what I currently do.

Years ago, I had a semi-IT related job part in an accounting dept in which I "inherited" some accounting duties from someone who had left, and I found out how bad I was at data entry.  It was embarrassing how many errors I would make.  (it was a thankless duty that nobody wanted probably because of this)  It was arround this time that I read something somewhere that **accounting is possibly the worst job for someone with ADHD**  Fortunately, as the world goes paperless, data entry will be greatly reduced as data can be better transferred electronically across systems. I like writing and developing ideas, so I am working as a writer for businesses that don't want to do it themselves (website updates, email campaigns, etc.).  I am given more marketing work as well, so that is also interesting to me.  I do like Wordpress, but can't code or anything.  Yes, accounting is about the worst profession out there if you have ADHD.  It was incredibly difficult for me, but as things get automated it is less so.  Heck, mint automatically downloads and categorizes everything for me.  Love it.  
 