ideas on how to decorate my wheelchair? i’m going to be getting a wheelchair sometime in the next few weeks and i’m SUPER excited because it means my quality of life is about to go way up because i’ll be able to do so much more!!! unfortunately my parents have always made me feel guilty whenever i need to use mobility aids, especially if it’s a wheelchair, and i’m afraid that when i get it i’ll feel like i’m doing something wrong or that i’ll feel like its not really mine or that i shouldnt be allowed to use it

SO i figure if i decorate it then it will feel more like it belongs to me and i’m not doing anything wrong? i know logically that i really do need it , even my doctors agree that it would be good for me to have one to use as needed, and i’m not just getting one for no reason. but i cant help but worry because of what my parents have ingrained into my brain. i think that personalizing it will help me feel better about it!! 
anyway that was a long thing just to ask this question lol but like the title said my question is: 

what are some cool or unique ways to personalize a wheelchair so it will feel more like its mine BUT that arent also super expensive? I bought pin striping at the store that sells car parts. It’s a couple dollars. Certainly brightens it up! Maybe across the back get some letters for your name or nickname. 

When I moved into a powerchair I got flame stickers for the sides also at Pep Boys.  Things I've seen: electrical tape (2 different colors) spiraling around the handrails, spoke guards with fun pictures ($$$ though...), Custom backpack/bag on the back (check on Etsy), embroidered names/images (like a cartoon minion) on the back upholstery. You can buy a spray on coating for cars that can just be peeled off when you get sick of the colour. It comes in heaps of cool colours and is pretty easy to apply (my best advice lots of light coats and take your time). One brand name is 'Plasti Dip' but I went with the generic cheaper option and it worked really well.

Other option is vinyl wrap, the car type is made to be removed without damaging the paint. This option is alot more fiddly with more room for error though. I applied some clear paint protection to the front of my frame and it is really easy to stuff it up 😑 LIGHT IT UP!!! http://i.pinimg.com/736x/56/10/d3/5610d30796a07287df6e07bd17742090.jpg

https://www.motorcycleledlights.com/ (nonspon) I got a friend with spina bifida who chose pink for his wheelchair. Bare in mind, he is a heterosexual man happily married. His fave color happens to be pink.  
As far as your parents are concerned, you need to do what you need to do in order to be as independent as possible. They need to get over it. THEY are not the ones who have mobility issues.
I DO have one small, nervy advice I really have no right to give.. for gods sake, do your range of motion exercises, do your physical therapy. I have had 2 clients with disabilities who improved their pain management and or body-fluidity when they did their exercises. However, one was lazy as shit and she is now older and having serious issues that could have prevented if she continued with them..The other has continued with his routine and doing well. I've never done it to mine, but if you know how to sew, you could buy some cheap fabric and make custom seat covers. 