Curious of oppinions you guys have on activities that have students mimic having a disability. I'm getting an education minor at my university and today we learned about diversity/accomadations in the classroom[briefly]. To prove a point about accomadation we did an activity and drew random cards on what would be affected. Hearing, visual, and motor were what were on the cards. We wound up only doing 2 of them bc we have a rather small class and we were missing people. For the visual that person(me) wore a blind fold. ANd the motor someone wore thick heavy gloves to make it harder to grab things. Then we did an activity with legos(it involved graphing what colors were in a model so it was impossible for me wearing a blindfold) After we did the activity we discussed how the lesson plan could be adapted to accomadate different disabilites. What'd you think? I don’t like these. I’ve seen studies that show they actually promote more feelings of pity than of empathy and understanding. Also, there’s a big differences between actually having a disability and just trying to mimic it for 20 minutes. When you’re mimicking a disability, you’re also not experiencing any of the social stigma or attitudinal barriers that many people with disabilities actually do face so it’s not going to give a complete picture.  I really dislike them for blindness simulations.

In a lot of cases, people tend to assume worse of blind people, and feel hopeless so they assume blind people do as well. I like these kinda things to an extent. It improves understanding to an extent - like I had abled bodied friends in a similar education program use my spare wheelchair around the university campus for a few hours, while others were blindfolded, had to wear earplugs, couldn't speak etc for the day. They said it made them realize and better understand some challenges some disabled people face. Like, just because something is "wheelchair accessible" doesn't necessarily mean it is easy to get around in a wheelchair.

At the same time, a few hours can't mimic ALL the challenges ALL disabled people face, and the abled-bodied people doing these sort of things have to take this into account when doing these. But better understanding is better than no understanding. As a tool for teachers to make their lesson plans more inclusive, I think this is fine and probably valuable for most aspiring teachers. However, I would remind teachers that their experience is only an approximation, not even an accurate representation of another's experience. It is just a reminder to listen when someone else you that they have different experiences and needs. 

Side Note: Teachers should always be aspiring, as it is what they ask of their students. the concept is spot on in theory in practice it only works if people take it seriously I am an adult with a physical disability and I honestly feel like the university setting is the wrong platform as people tend to find it a joke...
 I think it's great as long as the professor presents it in the right context.  It's not about pity, etc.  I wish architects would have to go around in wheelchairs once in a while.    Some disabled activists feel simulations like this do more to evoke feelings of pity or sympathy rather than change attitudes towards people with impairments, or evoke any real solutions to accommodation issues. I think it's best to skip the simulation in favour of open discussion or case studies on classroom accommodations for different impairments.   I kind of like these. A school I went to had a large community of kids with disabilities and a few times a year, you’d see them in wheelchairs and stuff. 

When it wasn’t fun anymore and the kids realised what challenges they might face, they realised they should treat other people with kindness. 

I’m a wheelchair user and would love for more ABs to use a chair for a week with no help and see how they get on. I can see how these exercises can be seen as patronising or even making fun of disabled people...

I guess the exposure is good, it’s a double-edged sword... I feel like you're focusing a lot on highly visible disabilities whose accommodations are already well-established in our culture. I feel like more could be gained by highlighting common disabilities that may be easy to miss in a struggling student. Children with invisible disabilities run the risk of being labeled as lazy or problematic, especially if their family lacks the resources or motivation to seek out a proper diagnosis.  Under the umbrella of education and understanding, I fully approve.  Many, if not most people have difficulty fully grasping the challenges a disabled person faces without facing those challenges.  These kinds of classes help spread awareness in that regard. I am generally ok with it as it does help build understand and compassion in those that are not touched in some way by a disability.  It's tricky. I think it has to framed *very* carefully. It has to be very clear to the participants that this isn't "what having X is like". Any 'insight', while it might be helpful as a conversation-starter, is not *real* insight, y'know? Wearing a blindfold secure in the knowledge that you can take it off, or using a wheelchair knowing you can get out and walk, are not remotely similar *emotional* experiences to actually being blind or a wheelchair user. For what it's worth, I've done the blindfold thing at a training course, the above was made very clear and it *was* a useful conversation-starter.

If I'm being honest, as someone with a profoundly-affected upper limb, I think the glove thing is rubbish. A perfectly working hand and arm with a glove on is a poor simulation of just about any upper limb impairment I've ever seen (most of them in cases of CP, to be clear). The biggest parts of my impairment are the coordination (I have to actively think about every movement I want to make) and the pain (I have a constant ache in every arm muscle). I don't say this to be melodramatic, but the only thing that strikes me as a reasonable simulation of my upper limb impairment is to tense the muscles in your arm until it hurts and then try to do something while someone yanks your arm around. [deleted] I minored in Adapted Aquatics. It was a free swim program for kids and adults with disabilities . They were paired with a college student who worked with them in the pool for 3 hours every Thursday night . Anyway, as intro to the course every semester, the direction would pair students up and tie up one leg, one arm, then both legs and both arms . You had swim across the pool with each tie up . Then each student was blindfolded and had to jump off the low or high diving board . The class was halved by the next week. Other variations of this on land can include not speaking for an entire day or navigating the community with a walker/wheelchair/cane . These in no way give you the experience of an actual disability . However, it provides valuable insight into how it feels. I think it’s a great idea! As long as it’s clear that the activities only simulate a portion of the obstacles that may be faced with some special needs, then I think it’s a great eye-opener. Would also be a great time to include a lesson on compassion, inclusion, and overall kindness towards others  I like this, and also teaching that not all disabilities are visible. It could make people much more kind and understanding.  It's disadvantage tourism, plain and simple.

You don't understand what it's like to live in a famine-striken region because you skipped breakfast. You don't get insight into what it's like being a wheelchair user from borrowing one and wheeling around a hospital for 15 minutes until a nurse kicks you out of it.

A little day-trip to Disadvantageville is *not* the same as being born there or being a permanent (or semi-permanent) resident. Our goal was to try and figure out ways to adapt our lesson plan to accomadated different disabilities and even ways to accomadated children that a school has labeled "gifted"(uhhhhh I still have no clue on the latter.) 


 It's very often that I am out here on reddit saying that visually impaired people, even legally blind people, are *not* necessarily 100% blind. And every time people are shocked.

It's no wonder that people who are wheelchair users get grief for doing things like hopping out of the car and folding out their chair when people do not for *one second* consider that disability isn't a binary situation (disabled/not disabled) but one which exists on a spectrum. I kinda didn't mind it. Like I offered up my personal experience/perspective since I've actually dealt with having a disability and being a student. In the context we were doing T it was to try to figure out how to adapt our lesson plans. We realized both of our lesson plans had parts that would be goddamn impossible if the student was blind.  My wife uses a chair sometimes. We were in Times Square (we lived in NYC at the time) and she was shopping for shoes. Since she was sitting I got in the chair and went on the sidewalk. OMFG! Pushing her in the chair did not prepare me for what it is like to be 3 foot tall and almost immobile in a crowd.

 Yes on the architect thing. I got stuck inside a a little room bc there isn't a button in it and this door was so heavy I couldn't move it easily. 

The button was on the outside and the doors opened together but they both slammed shut. I think it was bc some asshole litterslly walked through the door as I was trying to go in using my mobility scooter but I proceeded to be just kinda stuck for a few minutes. I *can* get up and open the door if I need to but I definitely know that's not the case for everyone  I can see that. Yeah, probably. Wasn't my lesson plan but was definitly curious about it.  A Catch 22. Honestly, I think a lot has to do with how the experience is framed. 


Temporarily AB here, but I vividly remember how frustrating it was using crutches because people would be so careless and would not give me the clearance to pass them or to be able to turn a corner. At road crossings, people would occupy the ramp from the sidewalk to the road and I'd have to wait for them, then maneuver around, *then* get myself along the crossing.

It was infuriating how inconsiderate people could be (and there's this one situation in a mall which is etched into my memory but I will spare you the rant.)

At least for me I used it as an exercise in empathy and I will politely ask my friends and colleagues to give way to people with accessibility needs so they have right of way at crossings, and I make damn sure that I keep myself and those around me give enough clearance on the sidewalk too.

I think there *can be* very valuable lessons to be learned but it's all about how they are taught.   I didn't plan that lesson. That's just what we did.

Yeah invisible disabilties do exist.  Yeah. It was definitely interesting. Even though like personally I already have been in that situation. My 2 classmates that bothered to show up today haven't. I know that the class my group taught actually had a kid with autism in it. Would've been really helpful to have this discussion/lesson *before* we taught. 


 It was an interesting activity. Though one person was assigned the task of teaching the mini lesson without offering any help 

And when we discussed the parts that got frustrating that girl goes "I wanted to help or explain things better."

Was interesting to see that it was frustrating on both ends. Though this lesson would've been useful if we'd had it *before* we actually taught bc in the classroom I taught in we actually had a kid with autism.  A lot of people that use wheelchairs *can* walk but still different. I use a mobility scooter to get around campus(and sometimes if I'm out and just having a hard time or know that where lol be will just be entirely too much walking for me I'll use it that's happened all of twice) and I walk around a lot too. The number of people who have taken the fact they've seen me walking and see me using my mobility scooter as an invitation to ask about extremely personal info that's none of their business is ridiciciloud. Like yes captain obvious I *know* I can walk. 



The glove thing did seem a bit like bullshit. 

And it was definitely weird for me just bc I don't need to mimic it to know what going to school and having a disability is like. I've already lived through it. Which it affected some things more than others. I had to be allowed to have a rolling backpack bc I couldn't lift some things. My band teacher tried to tell me "I wouldn't ask you to do anything I didn't think you could do." Me: I really can't do that, though. And we discussed this in front of the whole class which was embarrassing. And then just PE existed for some reason. 


But it was defiantly an interesting activity. I've learned I can draw a circle while blindfolded  They actually make goggles that simulate various types of eye diseases. No idea who makes them or where you'd get them but it's interesting.
 Yeah it definitely doesn't simulate *all* disabilities. Like it's impossible to simulate a heart condition. And you can't necessarily soulmate the social/emotional parts of having a disability. But I think in the context we were doing it it was useful. I mean I could've adapted the lesson just fine without trying to do it blindfolded. We're in our 20s we've got abstract thinking down. But we did get to play with Legos which was fun. We have Legos bc they're used in an actual math lesson. We have a lot of hands on mstsrial for teaching in a "closet"(it's a classroom it's legit an old classroom that our program has turned into a materials closet. We have weird things in there.) Yeah professor said "even though the class probably all knows about it." 

Me: not neccesarily. 
Teacher: you're right. In some cases, like yours, no one would know unless you shared that.


*Exactly* Though most people tend to eventually learn about it bc it eventually comes up As a gifted (and disabled!) child they absolutely need to be accommodated - teachers didn’t know what to do with me and would essentially punish me for doing work and picking up concepts quickly. The fact that gifted children are being noted as a category that needs helping is a huge step forward.

(Sorry, but that one is super important to me) That is the exact reason why I don't use a wheelchair.

Realistically, with my spinal issues and the fact that grocery store type of situations, walk and stop, walk and stop, can leave me crying after only like, 30 minutes, a wheelchair would change my life for the better and limit the amount of pain I deal with.

Still, I don't want to deal with the judgemental looks. I fully understand that I think from experience immersing students in basics ie learning the braille alphabet would simply be more effective then blindfolding them and having them navigate  [removed] Sorry, didn't mean to gloss over part-time chair users. Honestly even though being a full-time chair user has its extra challenges, sometimes I think I'd prefer them to the BS part-time users get.

School was tough. There's so much I put up that I would just flat-out refuse to do these days, akin to your band story. [deleted] Yeah. I get a lot of customers yelling @ me while I’m working for “sitting down” (i’m a cashier). I’m tired of explaining my disability to every single person. I shouldn’t have to.  I would like it if gym teachers had to do this bc I had an absolutly horrible experience with my P.E teacher when I was a high school freshmen.

The one I had my junior year was cool, though. He just kinda let me do whatever and didn't care if other students decided to sit out of an activity and hang out with me.(we mostly played card games.) 


What would help s gifted student? We were trying to figure that of and came up short. Bc we didn't want those students to feel like we were giving them more work *just* to keep them busy  That's fair and it's absolutely your choice.

Would a mobility scooter be any different in the situation?

I know it sucks, and it's always expected that it's the burden of the oppressed to educate the oppressor (especially without upsetting them!) but what would it be like if you prepared for brief community education spiel then went out in a wheelchair and if anyone gives you a dirty look you smile and wave to them?

At worst, you're going to play to the disability invisibility and people will pretend like you don't exist as soon as you acknowledge them because you'll be embarrassing them and killing them with kindness. At best you might have the chance to explain to someone that you have spinal damage which leaves you able to walk, but not for any distance without causing a great deal of pain and that there are many people who aren't permanent wheelchair users.

Then all you'd need is an ace up your sleeve. I don't know how you feel about sarcasm but even if you play this one straight as an arrow it should shut down all but the most aggressive people:

If someone accuses you of not needing a wheelchair or of not being disabled, reply with something along the lines of "*Oh wow, that's wonderful news - you know I have been on the hunt for a new neurology specialist and to think I'd just run into one at the grocery store like that! Tell me, are you experienced in working with conus medullaris syndrome?*"

...and wait for their blank stare.

"*You are a neurologist, aren't you? I mean, to be diagnosing people off the cuff like that you'd just have to be, right?*"

Of course, you're going to get called an asshole for putting someone in their place but to hell with busybodies. You'd better believe that one experience like that would make a person think twice before insinuating themselves in other people's disabilities.

And if you are being harassed or threatened then absolutely, immediately speak to staff members and especially managers because you have every right to be in public spaces free from harassment.

...ah, but it's all so very easy to be writing this out from the safety of my own keyboard. I just hope that you aren't experiencing undue suffering for the sake of some judgmental jerks who don't know you from a bar of soap and whose opinions are worth nothing. I agree.  Bad bot Yeah. Fair enough. Like every single disability is different and evey single *person* is different so I think the simulations schools do don't quite make that clear. 

Yeah if he tried to pull that with the present me I'd have *lost* it on him.  Borrowing someone else's glasses for an extended period of time(such as the amount of time we took during his activity) could have permanent effects. Such as actual peeking visual impairment/eye damage.) 

 I've had a number of people ask abot my mobility scooter and I'm just kinda like really confused where they get the idea that it's fine to be like "but you can walk?" That's been said enough to me that it's a pet peeve. 

And one person tried to tell me I couldn't park in a handicap space like ummm what?  Different work. Give them stretch tasks - give them open ended questions to explore, or let them direct their learning somewhat within the subject. If they're really good at math, give them puzzles to work out. If it's english, let them read books at a higher level than their grade, or let them write what they want, or memorise a poem. Science - research a topic they're interested in and present to the class. History, ditto. 

All of these were things done by particularly great teachers of mine. I hated school for the most part, but a few of the teachers were pretty awesome. And one gave me The Hobbit in grade 3 which was awesome, and didn't freak out when I wrote algebraic formulae on my workbook because my Dad had taught me some 'as a puzzle' the night before. 

I come from a 'gifted' family, so I was somewhat doomed ;) My Dad has a PhD, Mum is a teacher, and my sister is currently writing her PhD. I work in administration in a disability organisation, having done the university thing, because I like it and I find it interesting and fulfilling.

(I got out of gym as soon as I could - 9th grade. Blegh.) Thank you, ToInfinityandBirds, for voting on Defiantly\_Not\_A\_Bot.  

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://goodbot-badbot.herokuapp.com/).  

 ***  

^^Even ^^if ^^I ^^don't ^^reply ^^to ^^your ^^comment, ^^I'm ^^still ^^listening ^^for ^^votes. ^^Check ^^the ^^webpage ^^to ^^see ^^if ^^your ^^vote ^^registered! Definitely this! As a GT student growing up, I appreciated the opportunity to explore topics I was interested in after I finished regular classwork. Allowing room for self-guided learning teaches GT students to pursue lifelong-learning. Plus, the presentations benefit the other students in the class as well. 

Something some of my teachers did was offer these as optional extra-credit so that other students didn't feel left out and also had the opportunity to improve their grades if they wanted to put their spare time into it. 

I remember other students being allowed to earn a little extra credit  themselves by giving feedback on the presentations we did. :) Ok thanks! 

Gym was pretty much a bullshit class for me. Bc no matter what I did(more like didn't!) do I was getting an A. BC the syllabus/rubric just *couldn't* be applied to me.  Bad bot 