What is the most common barrier you encounter related to your disability? I am currently a Kinesiology student hoping to become a physiotherapist. Recently I took a sociology class related to disabilities and how society implies the ‘dis’ often because there are barriers in place, not because the individual is disabled. 

I am relatively inexperienced with people having different injuries, diseases, or congenital factors related to their learning and motor abilities. 

In your day to day life what is the most common physical, attitudinal, or technological barriers your have encountered? Attitude barrier - people assuming that I must have a cognitive disability because I use a wheelchair and so not treating me as equal or intelligent, people feeling the need to treat me as helpless and “save me” when I’m fully capable 

Procedural/attitude barrier- our public transportation system allows strollers and carts to occupy wheelchair tie down spots on the bus, making it difficult to have equal access

Physical barriers - many places aisles are too narrow (our local library, several stores), curb cuts are too steep on sidewalks, sidewalks and parking lots are not promptly shoveled after snow in winter, bus stops do not connect to the sidewalk, few doors are automatic and many are very heavy and awkward, debit machines at stores are often hard to reach from a wheelchair

If you want more examples or info feel free to message me!  The idea that the only kind of physical disabilities, outside of  hearing or sight impairments,  are those who use a wheeled and/or motorized mobility aid.

Handicapped parking is required in any lot that's not private.  I've seen handicapped parking nowhere near the door of a building -- sometimes nowhere near the kerb cut.  For someone who has some walking ability, it's harder to get to the door than it would be with a wheeled aid.

Side complaint: I'm trying to find a new place to live. The number of places that advertise as handicapped and/or wheelchair accessible but have stairs going to the front door is depressing. "But once you're inside, there are no stairs!"  Double bonus for "There's a laundry room in the basement" where there's no elevator. Physical: I run into things on my blind side daily so I constantly have bruises on my legs or arms. Sometimes I hit my head on objects due to bad depth perception. This is all made worse if I'm in a public place because it's easier to run into people who are unaware I don't see well. 

Attitudinal: I'm in a grey area where I genuinely have bad sight but I don't act like people think visually impaired people do so I get a lot of disbelief when I mention my eyesight. If I use the aids I have to help with my eyesight (special driving bioptic glasses or my ID cane) then I get all kinds of stares or comments about why I need them.

Technological: super petty but I got the iphone X and couldn't use face ID because my daily glasses have tinted lenses so it constantly misrecognized me. I was so excited to have it because the big screen was awesome but the face ID experience just killed it for me lol. 

On a more serious note, lots of websites and apps get super distorted if you use magnification on them. So I have to choose if I want to sit uncomfortably close to the screen to see it or if I want to take twice as long to do anything due to constantly moving the screen focus around.  Attitude barriers— people don’t think that I’m disabled or that I’m being dramatic when I’m in pain or even just moving slowly since I’m young and not “visibly disabled” (eg. not using physical aids and not having distinctively bowed legs thanks to starting treatment at a young age, mitigating more severe symptoms.) 


Physical barriers— I can’t keep up with people my age, or in general. I tire really quickly, and prolonged activity, even just walking, causes me pain for the next few days. I can’t run for long, and doing so or even just moving too quickly sometimes will cause my joints to profoundly ache, along with some sort of bone aching. In the case of emergencies, I’ve had to discuss with the adults at school (as I’m only a minor; I’m in high school) what has to be done, since I can’t move nearly as quickly as everyone else: at this point, it’s actually part of the plan in case of evacuation for someone to carry me, since I can’t move nearly as effectively. Moreover, everyday life at school is painful. If a class is across the school’s campus or more than a few rooms away, I’m always guaranteed to be late, which means that I’m often missing some portion of class time if I want to minimize the pain I feel throughout the day— if I made it to class on-time, especially for classes that are further away, I’m basically accepting the leg pain, which makes it even harder to make it later on in the day and week. 


Fortunately, I’ve not experienced any technological barriers, unless having intrusive surgery done counts. Then that would count, in that case.  I have nerve issues in my arms. Because I can do certain things with my arms (and sometimes more or less depending on the pain that day), I am young and look “normal,” people don’t believe it’s as serious as it is. I have to use an ergonomic keyboard tray (and a couple other things) to use a computer. Every few months they change our desks at work, which means they have to uninstall and reinstall my keyboard tray. Every time they fuck up planning it, so I get to my new desk and it’s not set up. Every time they ask if I can’t just work without it for a day until the facilities guy has time to install it. I just say “no, I can’t, actually. So either it needs to get set up or I can’t work.” I have medical documentation in my HR file so I don’t know what they want me to say. It’s frustrating to always have to defend actually needing accommodations. Physical: 

*Standing in line--I can't stand (especially stand still) for much of any period of time without being at risk of passing out but standing in line is a *constant*--the worst is bathroom lines because there's zero chance of there being any place to sit.  (Also yeah, this is something PTs are not always good with keeping in mind when designing exercises and I've come close to passing out in PT before because of this--scared the PT that was working with me more than me though.)

*Sitting--most seats cause me pain due to my pelvic floor dysfunction, so going out for anything is hard when I can't safely stand....and I can't sit either without a ton of pain (which can get to the point of making my legs not work), so I go out a lot less now than I did before

*Lighting--a lot of newer lights are bright and harsh and those trigger migraines in me.

Attitude

*That I can't be disabled because I'm "too young" for this.

*That I'm faking because I have chronic illnesses so my ability can fluctuate WILDLY from day to day (and even within a single day!).  Also that I'm faking because people haven't heard of what illnesses I have, or because the stuff that causes issues is...kinda weird (people often can't parse "can walk fine" AND "can't stand still" because it just...sounds fake to them; people are also generally bad with my heat intolerance because it won't be "that hot" out but it'll still be hot enough for me to get heat exhaustion or heat stroke).

*People also tend to really not understand my need for a schedule (eg how long something will last/how late it will go) and nothing very early in the morning because if something is early in the morning, I will likely miss it, either because I slept through my alarm or because I'm too tired to drive--like legally and medically I have a restriction to not drive while tired due to my narcolepsy.  People tend to be very bad at recognizing that this is a legitimate thing and not an excuse because I'm lazy or whatever.  No, I really do not want to get into an accident and/or have my license suspended. I am in a wheelchair. Often the problem is the ability to get where I need to be due to lack of room, such as between tables in a restaurant, size of restrooms or stalls in restrooms, or stairs (sometimes there are just a few steps but that is too many). For me attitude has not been a problem; most people are extremely helpful.

Crowds are a particular problem. For example, in a theater or concert if the wheelchair space is in the front and the restrooms are in the back I would not be able to get to a restroom during intermission.

But I have met very helpful and friendly people. Of course, wheelchairs are a very visible disability. Not for my disability but disabilities in general.. in my city, cars park on the sidewalk, in the crosswalks, etc. and the laws aren't enforced

It's one heck of an uphill battle.  Attitude barrier - People think I am too old to be disabled by my mental/developmental disabilities, but also too young to be disabled physically. My disabilities are all invisible for the most part, so my need for my service dog and walking stick gets called into question constantly. Worst case was when some teenagers decided to try and take my stick away from me, leading to me passing out where we stood. 

Physical - It would surprise you the number of places that have stairs but no elevator, many of the specialists I have to see lack elevators and as a result I often end up falling on the stairs because my body could not handle it. Or the previously mentioned distance between many handicap parking and the doors, I have had some parking lots where I still had to cross traffic to get inside which as somebody who is a risk of passing out that is incredibly scary. Instead I often have who ever is driving me drop me off at the front door then go park the car.  The worst instance of this is hospital ironically, they do have a spot for people to drop people off at the front door before parking the car but that is useless if the individual is travelling alone. I second the handicap parking complaint when the parking is sometimes further away than regular parking. Or when elevators are hidden or far away. Planners seem to forget that distance matters to many with disabilities. Weird incident with an elevator: I went to the theaters the other day and I had to ask an attendee to unlock the handicap access via the elevator. Bizarre.  That’s so interesting about the iPhone X not working, and especially the apps. You’d think the apps would be a simple fix or add, why aren’t they all able to be used with magnification?  

With your eye sight, is there something you wish you had that would make it easier? Has there ever been a moment where you’d say ‘damn if only I had this then I wouldn’t have this problem’? Oh, man. I forgot about places that use the closest parking spaces for "guest parking." Seriously?!  

One of my now-formerly-favorite restaurants has a really big, well done, accessible bathroom, which is separate because the other bathrooms are up a few steps.  Unfortunately, they built it next to the bar area. Allegedly they got complaints from disabled people who were trying to use the bathroom but people in the bar were using it instead of walking a few more steps to the regular bathrooms.

So they started locking the door. *And they don't tell you.* No signs, nobody says anything when you come in, nothing.  I waited 10 minutes in front of the locked door until some random bar customer told me that I had to ask for a host/hostess to unlock the door for me.  When I complained, a manager told me, in the most condescending voice you can imagine, "But we're doing this *for people like you*!"  WTF. 