Access to site/natural features Here's a question for you all, about acceptable level of access through park features:

Is it acceptable to you to have an accessible path that overlooks a park feature, but does not allow entry by your wheelchair into this feature due to steep slopes or rough/cracked paving? 

Like if a committee is trying to decide how to implement an accessible path, and it is in conflict with some trees and will result in the removal of some trees, is it acceptable to you that this pathway have limited access to preserve the trees?

The site is heavily treed already, and trees will be replaced with new ones.

I'm trying to argue that an overlook is not acceptable and there must be equal access. But another department is arguing that no trees should be removed. I love trees, but I also know the frustration of inaccessibility.

 It's not acceptable, no, if they want to label it as accessible. While I'm not a lawyer nor know anything about ADA laws, I'd say that, practically speaking, it wouldn't be considered "accessible" if it's a half-assed "look from 200ft away" implementation when everyone else can go straight up to it. That... seems like common sense, really. Is a park considered public or governmental property? That might mean you're legally bound to adapt the area.

And, I mean... I'm a huge environmentalist, too, so I'd *hate* cutting down trees, but pragmatism and equality factor into the equation, too. It *sounds like* they're just being lazy and making excuses to be discriminatory / unaccessible, not that they're *actually* concerned with the trees. (And I guess they could be the type to not realize how discriminatory they're being, and they're probably definitely not the type to admit to it, which... that's usually like talking to a wall, so good luck.) I can get the point of "but does it matter?" but for (many of) us, accessibility is greatly appreciated, and constantly being reminded - as we are, typically daily - that someone couldn't be bothered to adapt what could be adapted is really... draining, in polite terms. Seriously, the little adaptations people like you make can sometimes really make my day, idk about anyone else :) I just visited a National Park building at Fort Mason. I can't climb stairs and use a wheelchair sometimes but we followed the "disabled access" path on foot to the rear of the building to an elevator. An employee asked us what we were doing and we explained and she said we were in the wrong place and had to go to the front. 

We told her we were following the disabled directions to get to the visitor center. She went with us into the elevator then walked us through National Parks office space areas through the entire building and then into the front. No way is that acceptable for disabled access. It is awkward for all parties and if she hadn't happened upon us we would have been lost and confused and probably just left. 

I ended up leaving through the front because walking down a few steps was fine for me. But again, no way would someone on crutches or in a wheelchair be able to do that. 

Public facilities need to be accessible to the public.  