What makes non disabled people think there entitled to the use of disabled toilets A few weeks ago I went to a theme park and there was a goddamn mini que outside the disabled toilets of little kids that didn't want to que in the big que. I came up in my wheelchair, incontinent and sick, I push through the line as I'm desperate and this dad with his kid said to me "he just wants the toilet let him go to the toilet" AND PUSHED IN leaving me to an unfortunate accident. 

Earlier today I opened the toilet with radar key and just as I was going out, a man took advantage of the fact I couldn't shut the door quickly and forced it open for his bratty kids, leaving them to piss all over the seat and floor which I had to later SIT IN because I can't stand for more than a few minutes.

Around an hour ago I threw up all over myself and a rented wheelchair because some kid yet again was in the disabled toilet and of course they gave no fucks 

Whenever I get angry people say "but not all disabilitys are visable" I GET THAT BUT if you are able to stand or hover to pee or atleast enter a cubicle your need for the disabled toilet is less than someone who has to use a wheelchair.

And please stop grabbing radar key doors before they shut then messing up the toilets, we need those toilets clean and there locked for everyone without a key for a reason. I don't mind if someone uses the accessible can but pushing you out of the way is a dick move.  Not cleaning up after yourself and your kids is a dick move.  ..world is full of dicks.   Don't get me started. At least you guys get special rooms over there. I can't tell you how many handicapped stalls we have over here in the US that aren't actually accessible to someone in a wheelchair. For example, doors open into the stall, without enough room for you to wheel in and then get the door closed.

I went to the zoo with one of my disability support groups and one bathroom we couldn't even get down the row of stalls to get to the last stall where the handicapped stall was. Most able bodied people had to walk sideways. There was probably only about 18" of room.  By the time we found another rest room area and waited in line (with everyone using all the stalls, including the HC stall) and then waiting for the HC stall to become available, I barely made it in time. Some places have separate rooms, but they call it handicapped/family rooms so it's pretty much the same situation you've described.  I feel your frustrations. It the same thing with handicap parking. I think I find it more frustrating a changing station is in the handy stall.  I’m trying to balance with my cane and some dipwad left the changer in down position with a dirty diaper on top so I loose balance and get a dirty diaper on my head. I get that they need a space for changing. In a Hansi Stall is not a great location.  So sorry that had to happen to you :(

ITA. FFS, who is bloody rude enough to shove people out of the way :(

Obviously if (say) I’m literally the only person in the queue and all other toilets are occupied it’s different - and even then people should be considerate enough to leave them clean and tidy, and pop in and out quickly. I understand the frustration with this, it's similar to people taking handicap spots. However I wish we had a system that could be abused like this, that means we would actually have a system. I'm not even sure there are requirements for handicap stalls to be installed into public bathrooms. And I've never seen a handicap stall that wasn't also labeled as "family use" as well.  Not everyone can stand up easily just because they can walk or stand so they need that handicapped rail.  The only time someone has been apologetic about using the big stall and leaving me to squirm in discomfort was someone in a wheelchair.

Children are also the worst, I've had one crawl under the stall doors to try and pet my service dog.

I'm so sorry you had that experience. :( I wish the US had radar keys. I too kept having accidents because of this. Now I just use what is basically half a diaper. 

My worst was a women barge past me with her double wide stroller and since she didn't wanna take the kid out she just jumped in there. Zero shame. 

 I wish there was a "key fee", where you buy a key that would only be possible to get if you had a disabillity. It could be 20 euros/USD for a key to a country of your choice. Each key should only work in 1 country which would open the disabled toilets. UK has this, and it worked when I was on holiday there about 3 years ago. I have so much frustration with this. I regularly go to a concert venue because the access there generally is excellent, but *every single time* I've gone to use the accessible toilet there, I've waited at least 5 minutes for a non-disabled person* to leave before I can use one. 

(*I know that some disabled people who aren't wheelchair users use these toilets in some cases but from the mumbled apology/giggling/leaving the toilet in a group of 2-3, I assume that most of the people I've waited for are not themselves disabled.) How I can sometimes relate to this just makes me even more mad just reading this! they are or they’re Disabled toilets in the UK (assuming you're US by use of 'can') are different from the States. They're a whole separate room, unisex, locked with a RADAR lock and not meant to be used by the general public. If you are disabled and need to use one you will have a RADAR key which allows you to unlock and use the toilet. 

Because the room is large and private and you can buy a RADAR key easily, they are often misused by jerks. I've had so many families, people getting changed for a night out, having sex, shooting up and fuck knows what else going on in those. RADAR loos in council offices for example normally have a blue lightbulb to deter drug users. The only situation I find acceptable is when parents with babies use them as the changing table is often in the disabled loo, even though this is not recommended. 

Regarding people who just 'want a bit more space'. That's nice mate but there are ten toilets in the normal block you can use. This is the *only one* I can get my wheelchair into. It's going for a piss, you don't need a throne. Get in, out and go back to whatever you were doing ffs.  Exactly That's the case here too sometimes. Not deep enough to get the wheelchair in AND close the door, or too many bins for diapers as it's a shared changing/disabled bathroom. There also seems to be this phenomenon of half accessible stalls in large bathrooms - a narrow stall with a door that opens out and bars inside, but no wide stall for a wheelchair. It’s so frustrating. And you guys have the ADA! What gives!? Yeah but a great many able bodied people use toilets that are the only accessible one available to a wheelchair user. It’s really unlikely that a queue of kids & parents all need that stall. It happens a lot with single stall bathrooms  that are closer to waiting rooms or children’s play areas than the regular toilets. I’ve been known to stop people as they open the door and say in a slightly raised voice, “that’s the only bathroom I can use and I really have to go.” a little bit of public shaming works. >Children are also the worst, I've had one crawl under the stall doors to try and pet my service dog.

This is definitely the fault of this child's parent/guardian in not teaching the child that a disability dog is not your neighbor's pet and is not to be disturbed while it is working.  

In addition, no child should be ignorant of the fact that a bathroom stall is *private* for everyone, disabled or not.

At first, I was going to defend the kid because I am a huge animal lover and was one as a kid as well.  But, then I realized that I would **never** intrude into someone's bathroom stall, even if I wanted to pet a dog.  I think I knew that boundary by the time I could walk.  I am sorry *you* have had these experiences. :( Not every venue's toilets include the Radar key feature, and i've seen mums recommend on Mumsnet people buy them on eBay! Sorry I'm bad with words  This makes a lot more sense! In the US, they are just an extra stall that's a bit bigger so it's not expected for people to leave them vacant if there's a cue. The ADA is almost on an honor system at this point. It's incredibly difficult to enforce.  my kid has autism and doesn't understand boundaries. sometimes it isn't the parent.  Also in the US these are often the stalls with the changing tables, so parents don't really have much choice about using them. I think the changing tables came later, I seem to remember they didn't used to be there. 

-edited to add, in the disabled/family restrooms, that is. I'm in the US. I swear I can just about remember the wheelchair man's sign changing. I do wish people would quit leaving the changing table down, I'd rather not grab onto it by accident when my back goes, I can promise it won't hold my weight. If someone is gonna use something, put it back where it should be. I'd rather not land on the floor because the damn changing table hangs directly in front of the toilet so the grab bars aren't reachable.

Oh god, and then there's the problem with trying to lift it up during a back issue when you've poor vision and can't feel your fingers. 