What are some helpful things to know going into a wheelchair evaluation?  One thing I found very helpful to understand, and took me a long time to realize, is that no one knows as much about your needs as you do. The people at your evaluation will be professionals in a very narrow sense: they know a lot about available equipment. They do not necessarily know a lot about you or even the reality of being in a wheelchair. They’re professionals in equipment and insurance, but also usually able bodied people who even if it’s their profession and they’re good at it, have still spent fewer hours thinking about that than anyone who has ever lived it.

Now don’t get me wrong, they can be super helpful and informed! They do know more about hardware options! And they’ll know a lot of things to check and fitting questions to ask about! But what works best, I’ve found, is to go into it with as much thought about what your needs are as possible. Figure out ahead of time what isn’t working for you physically with your current chair or mobility method. The more specific the better. You don’t have to know the solution—that’s where they excel. But they won’t miraculously figure out the questions or goals for you—that’s on you. So spend some time analyzing yourself. Look at a bunch of different wheelchair models online. Get ideas! Names! And then they can answer questions about them. 

So yeah, TLDR: you’ll be meeting with specialists on wheelchairs, not specialists on you  u/weboverload gave perfect info. I just want to add insurance only cares if you are safe in your home. They do not cover ramps or anything for you to get a wheelchair in or out of your car so keep this in mind because the prices rack up very quickly.   Balance... ask about best seat dump angles, pinch/squeeze for lower body (especially if you’re a long-legged person), lateral support, back angle, all kinds of fun stuff... I would think that depends on where you go for an evaluation.  If it's just with Numotion (or some such supplier), the experience will be different than if it's at a serious assistive technology clinic.  At a good clinic, the PT or OT doing the evaluation is actually an expert in people, specifically people with disabilities and how to fit their needs.  And they'll work with a supplier who is the expert on the currently available equipment.

Of course, in the end, you still know yourself better than anyone else. I fully agree! If you are not sure about something, stop and say no it won't work for you.  That was very well written! Thank you for the time you took to write this... it makes a lot of sense.  I am going to a semi-local rehabilitation center (in or around the hospital) that does once monthly evaluations. It’ll be interesting to see what I get.   another idea is if you think of a question jot it down on a not pad/phone and take it with you to jog your memory when you're having your consult. I have a habit of going kind of blank and remembering everything I wanted to ask on the trip home 😆

Also if you are looking a manual chair and may want to load/unload it from the car solo ask if they have a trial chair that you can test to see how it fits in your car etc  I did that exact thing yesterday. Had a repair guy look at mine, did stuff. 5 seconds after the van left, I thought of 2 things I meant to ask.  