So here is a nice infographic on communication and disability - do you agree with the things it describes as annoying or are there others  These all sound damned annoying, but I'd be careful before assuming someone using the accessible stall is actually able bodied. Lot of times there's no obvious external sign that a person isn't able bodied when they have incapacitating pain issues, autoimmune issues, neuropathy, or migraine. The bathroom and handicap parking ones I don't agree with. Sometimes people do need those for other types of disabilities.

 I can comment that visually impaired people find inaccessible pictures of text to be annoying. I am so effing sick of people assuming I'm NOT disabled when I use my placard. If there's a regular space right next to that one, I'll just use that one... But a handicapped space for me means the difference between being able to do ashort shopping trip by myself and having to rely on people for things even more than I already do (which I hate). 

So please, stop the nasty looks when people with invisible disabilities use handicapped spaces. Right now I need a wheelchair and haven't been able to get it yet. So I choose significant pain over my son and I starving to death. Handicapped spaces are the difference between an evening of moderate pain and a trip to the emergency room for myself and many others.

When I have had access to a wheelchair I don't mind people asking, so long as they are polite. One man who asked me was autistic and I owe my and my son's autism diahnoses to him. I hate the looks I get, even though I have an obvious disability because of my spine and walk with a cane, I still get glares because of my age, as if I don't deserve to be able to go to the store.  Very much on number 5. I felt so humiliated and dehumanized when a group of people at my therapist's office opened into a round of applause after watching me open a door.  You can't always tell whether or not someone is able-bodied at a glance. Invisible illnesses continue to be a thing. Sometimes things are not as they appear. My husband parked in the HC spot at the mall. He appears to be, and is, the picture of health. However he was there to pick *me* up. With my power chair I need that wider space. A guy in a wheelchair yelled at him. Poor hubby felt bad but knew he’d done nothing wrong.  The “congrats for running a standard errand” thing is completely and utterly enraging.  If someone holds on to the back of my chair, I usually just slowly back into them until they let go. Either that or I yell at them. Do any other wheelchair users get weirded out by people squatting next to you when talking to you? It doesn't offend me, it just looks uncomfortable for them and I always think "Y'know, you don't have to do that".  >Not physically disabled people taking up accessible parking spaces

I have a handicap parking placard on account of my psych disabilities, and I have zero fucks to give about bigoted physically-disableds who find that annoying. Cute! 

You forgot one though: every person with a wheelchair in ads or media is in a hospital wheelchair.  :) 
It doesn’t bug me that much, just tells me the artist might not have been a wheelchair user themselves.  Hardly any of these things annoy or frustrate me at all with the exception of parking and bathroom stalls. Even then I don't really give a shit. 

After reading the comments here, there's a ton of you who need to yank the stick from your ass, you're why disabled people get a bad wrap for being assholes. 

Here's an artical I wrote on this topic specifically. It's why don't don't do the crippled bonding shit. You all just bum me out. [My Distaste for the Crippled Community](https://justgimped.wordpress.com/2017/03/14/distaste-for-the-crippled-community/) hail corporate. So what things around those needs might we suggest - are there some in common or are they all unique ?  If you go on any awareness course 90% tell you to do it - at 55 - I just apologise and stand up  Absolutely - this specific graphic targets issues described by those with a physical disability - i don’t think it is trying to reach all needs of a diverse population - similar infographics exist for more hidden needs including autism, dyslexia and hearing loss  Not to mention GI disease. If someone urgently needs a bathroom because of abnormalities with their bowels and/or bladder, they should still be able to use the accessible stall, even if they aren't disabled by it. Yes this! Sometimes the handicap stall is easier for me to deal with as the seats are easier to get up from. If I'm having a bad day, I cannot get up without those bars, unless I ask someone to help me up which outside of my home is very embarrassing!  I’m a trans woman and I know a lot of trans people will use the accessible toilets when they are in a situation that they don’t want to have to choose one of the gendered toilets.  I remember the issue about the stall - is it a “disabled” stall for people with specific needs or is it an “accessible” stall for the use of all. I had a good example recently - struck by a stomach upset there was a huge queue for the toilets - in some discomfort I used the “accessible” alternative for which no one was waiting. Was that ok ? I think so but I wouldn’t have used a parking space because whilst they are designed to be accessible, they are also designated for use.  [deleted] As long as they’ve got a parking permit, I agree!  Agreed, My hip istability isn't cured just because i'm having a good day and don't need my mobility aids, I can and will still dislocate my hips using toilets that are the wrong height. I need the grab bars if I want any hope of getting off the toilet by myself, so I use the HC stall, because it's the only one with grab bars.

Nothing else appears wrong with me on good days, Unless you see me trying to get up out of a chair earlier in the day, you'd have no idea why I chose the HC stall.

There's no paperwork to prove my need, and people can be very rude when they see an otherwise healthy person leave the HC bathroom. But it's preferable to getting stuck in a standard stall. Fair comment - it’s not my image and is difficult to alt text - but I’ll list them out tomorrow for all  So it’s all a fair point - and somewhere in there is the principle of shared respect - having grown up with a brother with CP I will say to someone parking in a space with no badge and no obvious need (sorry I can’t think of how else to say it) “did you realise this was a disabled space” sometimes I get abuse either because someone “only needs it for 5 minutes” or because there is a hidden need - but mostly I get a polite explanation or an apology and they move

Is it my business - well that depends on whether you feel we all have a degree of responsibility to encourage people to be socially responsible - I think it is my business and everyone else’s to at least raise awareness of the need for the spaces - and why for all who need them - visible or invisible - they do need to be available  Hi Prince! I had a problem with glances and glares once too. For me, I realized that people look when they are curious or haven't often seen someone using a wheelchair or ever at all. Instead of being pissed, I looked inwardly and realized I was proud of myself for doing things that got me out and about and of course, looked at by curious people. It really changed my perspective. I couldn't change that people were going to look at me, but I changed the narrative about why they were looking at me. It wasn't because there was anything wrong with me, it was because I was impressing them, somehow. It sounds like you are an impressive guy, and I imagine that even if some people glare or stare or think pitiful thoughts there are many, if not most, who respect you for what you are doing even if you don't feel like it's anything special. That was hard for me to work past, but let's be real, you are putting in effort that a lot of people with disabilities don't. Keep it up. Wow. That is ridiculous.  Too true. The first 2 points are very wrong. I really am all for people who need handicapped spaces to use them. And especially if it's crowded; go ham, you do what you need.

Only thing is, I do get annoyed when a walking person uses a "van-accessible" (wheelchair lift) spot when there's a "non-accessible" spot *right next to it.* It doesn't feel like a distinction anyone cares to be aware of, but makes things vastly harder on those who need that distinction made.

It's a thing that seems to get ire from both sides... Like, it seems hard to calmly talk about. (I'm sure I could've used more neutral language, too, so sorry for that.) I do the same thing. If I was an able-bodied person, and you grabbed onto me and wouldn’t let go, that would obvious be super creepy. Grabbing onto my chair and not letting go is just as bad. Except I don’t slowly back up...I straight up body-check them off of me. Lol I didn't know that was a thing people did until this post... I don't understand. What do they think they're accomplishing? Are they like, afraid you'll roll into danger or something? It's so weird and bad... Yep, me too. I also find that often people who do this are also a bit patronizing.  This only bothers me until it's someone I have a crush on. I kinda prefer it if I'm talking one on one with someone. It's better than craning my head up for 5 minutes to talk to them. I'm a counselor for a kids wheelchair sports camp and we advise the volunteers to kneel down or find a place to sit down when talking to the kids for an extended period of time.  Yeah, this really pisses me off. I have one due to a genetic disorder that causes excruciating pain, joint dislocations (partial and full), heart problems, and much more.

I've had the police called on me by ignorant healthy people that assume I'm just as healthy as they are and fraudulently using a grandparent's placard or some bullshit.

I routinely wear many hundreds of dollars worth of medical equipment underneath my clothing which is often completely invisible or just barely so. Sometimes I walk with a cane - depends on how well my braces are helping me and if my wrists are stable enough that particular day. 

People need to mind their own damn business and stop assuming people must be cheating the system somehow just because their appearance doesn't match your preconceived notions on what a physical disability must look like.


 Yesss. Preach. I twitched at that one because I have cardiac issues but don't always bring my walker, so I could look "normal" despite my placard.  That one really rubbed me the wrong way. If it said "when people who don't have a handicap placard/plate park in handicap spaces," then sure, since that's illegal regardless. But if you have a placard, I hate hate hate when people assume you don't need said placard.


I'm physically disabled but only use a wheelchair part time and I need closer parking more when I'm walking with crutches/etc. tbh. I think it's just those same ignorant physically disabled people who don't think you can need a wheelchair if you can stand or walk even a little bit (I think I've personally actually run into more able-bodied friends/family members of physically disabled ppl who have those mindsets than disabled themselves though)

Edit: Oh and older people! In general they seem to be the worst at that, especially to those if us who look so young (I'm 20 and everything started at 13) Yes! I have 2 autoimmune diseases and one makes it difficult to walk long distances some days. So if I can park closer, I will. I get glared at by older people all the time.  I guess it’s trying to extract what is seen as the key elements of a chair and represent those - also to work in settings where the choice of chairs is extremely limited ? I agree that most people complain for complainings sake but you have to give some credit to the OG complainers who made the world as accessible as it is today. Meh, I dont get upset, but I also have things I wish people stopped doing.  Dont pray at me or on me.  Dont assume I lost my legs in war and thank me for my service; You're wrong and I will correct you in front of your friends.  The reason I lost my legs is a long story.  I dont feel like telling you while I'm making coffee at a fucking gas station.

  If you use an accessible stall without the bathroom being full, you're at least inconsiderate.  If you use a disabled family members parking placard to not walk a few extra feet, you're straight bullshit, and I'm free to be disgusted by you.  If you're one of the rare assholes who hate me for being on ssdi and medicare, I will laugh at you and your stupidity.

  I put on live streams where I'm known for being untrollable.  I make a game out of being even more fucked up than the dumb trolls people come up with (usually shit like "do a handstand" which I'm actually quite capable of ;P).  My stick is firmly removed, but that doesnt mean there isn't annoying shit in the world for disabled folks to deal with.  Shit man, I dont know how visibly disabled you are, but I dont have legs.  The staring gets ridiculous.  Sometimes a motherfucker just wants to be an invisible motherfucker like everyone else.   You raise good points in your blog, but my disability (ME/CFS) is one that could have improved but due to society mislabelling it and calling it mass hysteria, and prescribing exercise when it has only last year been proven to be a hindrance, both me and my mother have had our lives ruined by something that could have been nipped in the bud years ago by bedrest. I can't help but be angry, and anger gets shit done! 

Someone more ill than me said to channel the anger into educating people (gently) which I thought was a good way of dealing  with it. Having been on both sides of ill vs able I know able people have it easier; paying for a ramp is a minor inconvenience compared to the isolation and rejection felt without such support. If I got a cure right now I would still be fighting for disabled rights. I agree with some of the points you've made, but also this is a place where disabled people should be able to vent their frustrations. I myself am not the type of person to yell at people for trying to help me or constantly complain. But that's just the issue. Sometimes it's nice to be like, yeah, this shit sucks. Everyone in my life has a hard time understanding where my complaints come from until they go out with me and see how people react to me daily. I can't go into the grocery store without 5 or more people asking me if I need help, or forcing their "help" on me despite my appreciative assertion otherwise. I had to basically beg a person the other day to give me my cart back because I was perfectly capable of pushing it and getting my groceries in, but they refused until I got to my car and then I had to be more assertive until they let me do my own thing. Sometimes it gets so frustrating. Yes, there are disabled people who are mean and bitter, but I will reserve my right to complain in threads like this because that's what they are for. Maybe after you spend two years in an institution getting raped on the taxpayers' dime on account of your disabilities you'll feel differently.  I have been downvoted for saying this before. Take my upvote. Take my upvote too Those aren't the kind of invisible disabilities I'm talking about. I'm thinking more along the lines of chronic pain conditions like fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, and dizziness/balance issues. Also, those who use mobility devices for certain conditions may not have to all the time. The accessible toilets are there for people who need them. That includes *all* people who would be or feel safer using them.  I use a wheelchair and the only time I'm even annoyed by someone using the accessible stall is when I see them go into it when other stalls are free, especially if there are other stalls with bars but aren't large enough for a wheelchair.  I still try not to judge since maybe they need the bars or space.  Parking spaces are already regulated for use only by people with permits/plates - and if they have those, then those spaces are for them, even if they look able bodied. So I should use a mobility aid that causes me pain and worsens my condition so that I look disabled enough to need bars to stand up from the toilet? Screw that, and screw people with your attitude too.  Exactly! I have RA and Crohn's Disease, and sometimes getting up off the toilet is so hard if my knees decide to lock up.  There’s a level of privilege in expecting both someone to share social responsibility and that a the person you’re speaking to will have an net gain experience from it. As a white person, I am less concerned about possibly breaking a social contract than a person of color. However, as a petite female you can bet that I am wary of being approached by a stranger for the sole purpose of them looking at me and perceiving me to be one thing that I am not. Then there’s the fact that my disability limits my ability to communicate and all I want is to be able to help my mobility impaired mother out of the car and into her wheelchair but some stranger is blocking my path making some sort of mouth motions indicating deafness doesn’t deserve a parking space. I know. I really do. Let me get my mother out to talk to you.  Thank you for your kind words and for your encouragement, it's definitely a good way to think about how people perceive, you I know that everyone says that they don't care but I know deep down some do it's about one of the only things I'm really insecure about. I probably didn't take into account that people are just naturally curious.  EDS? 

I've had security and cops called before. Plenty of people get snarky and shitty about it. One woman stood at my car while I was shopping, called the store manager and wanted my car towed because I wasn't *really* handicapped. 

There's no winning in these situations, either. I don't need to explain myself or my conditions to these assholes, they wouldn't listen anyway. In their minds, they are righteous and slaying the evils of people that are "not crippled enough".  It has nothing to do with close parking. If you have a lift or ramp you literally can't get out of your vehicle without an accessible parking spot. If you park in any other spots you will get blocked in so you can't leave. > Sometimes a motherfucker just wants to be an invisible motherfucker like everyone else

That's so true. The constant staring, questioning and forced help can get old really freaking quick. I roll around in an electric wheelchair skinny as a toothpick because I have zero muscle mass. I did have a white Standard Poodle as a service dog that went everywhere with me but he passed last year. I stand out lol. But I never feel like I'm being watched or stared at. Maybe I've just grown completely immune to it. Kids are the exception but they're just curious. If your ailment is to difficult to explain like mine just tell them it was a bear attack and act kinda scary. Good times.
I'm just as crippled as the rest of you but have none of the hang ups. All this moaning and groaning I see seems petty and self defeating. I'd much rather do and think shit that makes me smile rather than get all butt hurt that I have to wait outside the store for my friends because there's a step I can't go up. Well thank you for skimming that. Why is society telling you what to do medically and not your doctor? 

I don't really have an opinion on the rest of what you wrote, sorry.  My question is this. Where do you people live where help is just forced on you? I live in a fairly big City in Canada and I've lived here for 27 years. Even though people are super nice I very rarely have people come up to me and ask if I need something. Apparently this is a big problem for the community and I just don't see it... ever... I doubt it. Big cheers for this!  I hate dirty looks or snide comments because I have to use disabled parking.  I try not to but some days I won't be able to accomplish my errands if I have to walk across a huge parking lot first.

Add Dysautonomia, lupus, Ehlor Danlos and any other autoimmune or autonomic disease to your list. Also autoimmune diseases like Lupus, Crohn's Disease, and Rheumatoid Arthritis. These can often cause issues where they need handicap parking or restrooms.  Disabled r/gatekeeping.

I also have EDS and agree with you 100%. So genuinely - what is your preference ? To ignore and allow anyone to come se the space creasing the risk of social isolation for your mother or to make some attempt (politely) to question. I guess we all have preferences and seek to do the best we can - but of course no response or approach will be universally welcomed  Definitely! Pay attention to when your eyes are distracted by something or someone and it's almost impossible not to look sometimes. True there's a great difference between an instinctive glance and a long-held stare but I started to notice that I would interpret quick glances as stares even though they weren't long at all. Humans are so interesting. :) Yep, EDS.

I've been yelled/screamed at, had the cops called on me, had people make some really hurtful comments, etc. I have a disability bus pass, too, and I've had a few people raise their voice at me for being a "selfish asshole" if I don't surrender my seat to someone else. Fortunately, the bus drivers have never given me any issues or side eyes or anything and they seem to be quick to shut down the obnoxious assholes so that's nice.


It really sucks, though, just trying to get through the day and having to deal with people who've decided their mission in life is policing handicapped spots/the disabled in general. On particularly bad days it's almost too much to bear with the stress of everything else and the pain and fatigue. 

I don't bother explaining to people, either, when they're rude. If someone has what seem to be genuine questions or if a child asks why I have a cane then I have no problem chatting about it but I don't owe answers to anyone and certainly not when they're being jackasses about it.

 Lol, you have no idea what I do with myself.  Thinking I sit around and do nothing but complain couldn't be further from the truth.

  Everyone complains.  Everyone.  You're complaining about other disabled people's attitudes for example.  No one is crying that their life is in shambles because of this stuff; it's just some annoying bullshit we have to put up with.  Feels good to complain about it a bit here and there.  If people staring bothered me as much as you seem to think it does, I would never go out, but I go out all the time.

  This sub should be a good place to do that complaining don't you think?  One place we can come and bitch about the downsides of disabled life with people that completely understand.  A lot of the things we put up with are hard for able bodied people to fully grasp.  

  Do some people go too far with the pity party?  Of course!  Those people exist in every echelon of society.  That doesn't mean a normal level of complaint is bad.  It's actually good for our mental health to vent here and there.  Bag on folks who take it to ridiculous levels, sure.  Lay off the rest.  You know disabled life has a lot of challenges.  It's weighs heavy sometimes.   Here: https://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families/new-recognition-for-chronic-fatigue-a8081751.html

There was a botched clinical trial (now used in universities as examples of how not to do trials) meaning they prescribed graded exercise as a cure, whereas it actually makes the majority of patients worse. Doctors told me it was in my head and to keep going. I ended up a lot worse. 

I read your blog. I get that the world doesn't owe us anything, but what's the harm in asking if we are suffering? I didn't like 'Live stoically, don’t show the world your heartache because it doesn’t care', as that's why we didn't get funding to find a cure or even a biomarker in the blood in the first place. Somebody who was a regular on an ME forum was sectioned and incarcerated just this year and died because nobody believed him and gave him the care he needed. They thought he was depressed; he couldn't physically get up.

We are only just beginning to see funding and revised clinical trials now, and that's because we stopped living stoically and started campaigning. I don't want to be cranky and whiney so I am grateful for my friends and keep any gripes to myself, but campaigning for change is worth doing.

Ultimately I'm saying that just because we are 'malformed' doesn't mean we should give up and not spread awareness.  I live pretty rurally and in the US. And in the bible belt, so I get random people praying over me and shit sometimes too.  [removed] I have the same issue and for the same reason. Though I have hEDS but I almost feel bad for people who decide to confront me in my handicap parking space. I used to explain what was up. Now I go from zero to “I will fight you”  This is why I concealed carry. That's just depressing Your comment was automatically removed because you linked to reddit without using the "no-participation" np. domain. Reddit links should be of the form "np.reddit.com" or "np.redd.it"

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/disability) if you have any questions or concerns.* Oh yeah, because killing people is totally the right solution here.  I'm honestly not even slightly concerned about whether or not people who think they're the disability police get to keep breathing. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. You might want to see someone about your homicidal rage.  To what end? Spending *another* two years getting beaten, raped and drugged in a locked ward? No thanks. I'm doing quite well giving my shrink the mushroom treatment, kept in the dark and fed plenty of bullshit. You think it's okay to talk about killing people for asking you questions. That's not okay.  People who approach complete strangers to scream at, threaten, and call names aren't "asking questions." Who made you judge jury and executioner? The same person that made random strangers Lord High Inquisitor of the Disabled. You’re terrifying.  I wholeheartedly agree. 