looking to talk to people with disabilities Hi! I use a wheelchair; I can't walk unassisted or do a lot of things that I'd like to. I'm thankful though that I'm able to be mostly independant; I can do everything I need to, it just takes longer. 

Saying that, I've always been nervous to approach other people in wheelchairs or whatever even though I really want to. I'm not sure exactly why. I mean, I'm pretty shy in general, but I'm always scared I'll hurt someone's feelings. It's hard to explain. Like, I use a wheelchair but still use my feet to move it around. I don't want them to think I'm faking or something? It doesn't really make sense.

In any case, I'd like to talk to other people with disabilities. Get over this fear I guess? I want to be able to approach other wheelchair users when I see them. I don't find many people that are into the stuff I'm into, but I like general conversations with anyone. Thanks! (◕‿◕✿) What I would say first is not to assume you're going to get on with someone just because they're in a wheelchair. While I am happy to chat to anyone or smile at them in the street, I'd find someone approaching me *just* because of my chair very offputting. 

If they're approaching to ask me about my wheels, clothes, the way to the bus stop or to complain about the heat because it's the UK and we're all doing that right now...that's fine. Approaching me to talk about my wheelchair use and disability is not appreciated, because I don't want to talk about that with anyone other than my friends and doctors. You won't hurt my feelings, I just don't want to talk about those things with a stranger. 

It sounds like what you want is a group to specifically chat about issues surrounding disability, presumably to empathise and have a bit of a chat/rant. That's fine! I'd suggest you look into disability support groups, your hospital may run one or there are many people that run local social groups - check meetup.com or have a search on Facebook. Some are for specific illnesses, others are a more general 'if you have a physical disability, go here'. Sometimes it's much more on the support side of things, in others it's an excuse to meet up for a pint and talk to new people. 

I wouldn't worry about your wheelchair use, people use chairs in different ways and I know several amputees that use their feet to move as well as pushing. People with incomplete spinal cord injuries/muscle disorders/neuropathic issues often have some use of their legs and use their feet when necessary. Not everyone uses a wheelchair full time and some lucky people can walk unassisted one day while rolling the next. Use your chair in whatever way is appropriate for your illness or injury and don't worry about it. 

Don't feel you have to limit yourself to disabled meetups either. You said you're into general conversation, there are groups for people that do exactly that, meet up for a drink or a quiz and chat to whoever is there. I don't know how old you are but once you're a bonafide adult, particularly past college/uni, it's hard to make new friends and you need to be more open minded about it. I've met some very nice people having a relaxing pint in the pub for example, or chatting to someone beside me at the supermarket, but you can do it in a more structured way like going to planned meetups. A note here that none of the people I've made friends this way have been wheelchair users! Be open to talking to any person and trying new things and you might also find new things that you're into that opens up another friend circle.  I used to use my feet to help move when I was in a manual wheelchair. I now use an electric one.

Oddly enough, I struck up a conversation with a woman last week because I was eyeing her wheelchair and seeing what she had that I didn't. She had orange reflectors and animals on her speed buttons but my wheelchair tilts.

I wouldn't get too stressed about it. Make a comment about the weather, the environment, or something that's going on around you and see if the other person wants to chat. I've been trying to approach more people in general, but find that I actively avoid other wheelchair users. It's a weird fear I'm trying to change. I want to get rid of fears I have talking to people, anyone really. Wheelchair users in particular because I feel that I'd emphasise with them the most. 

I can't drive and I live in an area that needs it to get around, so I'm kind of limited in meet ups. Maybe facebook is a good idea to find groups to talk with; kind of been avoiding that site to be honest. I've never actually met another person that has my disability. 

Thanks for sharing your experiences with other people using wheelchairs; I know it's a dumb fear to think others would assume I'm faking or something. It's still reassuring to hear that though.

Thanks for the comment. I appreciate it. I was born in the U.K., bishop stortford if you've ever heard of it. Hopefully it cools off a wee bit over there :] It's just scary for some reason. I know it's dumb. I've been trying to be less shy in general and approach people for conversation, but whenever I see someone else in a wheelchair I try to avoid them. Always tell myself next time will be different but ehh. It shoulden't be scary. It helps to talk about in either case; thanks for input. Have nice day :] 