Wheelchair User Demos How to Repair a Wheelchair Tire for the First time  This is all highly contingent on your ability and type of WC rim/tire you have but a few tips to hopefully help improve what was seen in the video:

Using the tire bars, when you have two of them in under the bead, you can use one of them like a zipper and slide it around the rest of the rim. Like she said in the video, this should be easier than removing it and reinserting it every few inches.

If you can, try and take the tire off the rim completely. I didn't catch why she didn't in the video so your rim/tire may differ. But taking it off completely allows you to inspect both sides of tire's beads (the metal ring that gives shape and reinforcement to the tire against rim).

When you have the tire completely off, slightly inflate the new tube (or repaired one) just enough that it maintains shape without kinks. Then you can insert the tube into the tire make sure it doesn't bunch. Often if you insert it flat, it can bunch which will lead to tearing the tube. After that, find the stem, insert that first and make sure it is straight through before doing the reverse of step 1 (seating the tire back onto the rim.)

Bike pumps can be cumbersome and not offer the right amount of leverage. If money permits, you can purchase a handheld device that uses CO2 cartridges that require no pumping. If you want to use an electric pump, just make sure to slowly inflate the tub so that it allows itself to naturally conform between tire and rim.

Finally, like she said, it is often easier to take it to a bike shop. If you'd still like to try it yourself, watch some youtube videos on how to change bike tires and see if they can offer any relevant tips and tricks.

 I use either the handle of 2 spoons or the round bottle opener part of a can opener. It works great, but I have also have good dexterity. As far as inflating it, a bicycle pump is a terrible idea. I use an air compressor you plug into a cigarette lighter from Walmart that was $30. 

I used to use an actual air compressor, but I blew the whole tire off my rim one time, so I'm a little apprehensive about using them now.  