Insecurity and hesitance to use more/stronger mobility aids [long post w/tldr] Hello. I have a musculoskeletal condition, Ehlers Danlos Syndrome, that causes my joints to be hypermobile. This mostly affects my ability to walk for long periods or long distances. I currently use a few small tools to help me walk and manage my daily pain: custom orthotics for lack of arches, a soft stability brace for one ankle to prevent Achilles pain/injury, a handicap parking placard, and trusty ibuprofen.

It's still pretty hard. I go to college on a mountain, the big grocery stores near me never have enough handicap parking (or it's always full), things like that. The pain is starting to hold me back from doing things. I find myself choosing whether to buy groceries or do laundry, go to class or vacuum the apartment, etc. I'm thinking it's time to step up the mobility aids I use... but I have very conflicting feelings about it.

I don't feel "disabled enough" to use a wheelchair part-time, even though I know it would probably be helpful for me. I've considered using forearm crutches to help me walk, but the profession I am studying and will be going into requires the use of the hands at all times - sign language interpreting. I also don't want to seem more disabled than I am for this reason; this field also demands regular standing and good physical health. Out of all the current professionals working in the interpreting field I've spoken to, only one has ever even met an interpreter in a wheelchair. Since interpreters themselves are 'accommodations,' it's somewhat taboo and concerning for one to have a 'deficit' (disability). I worry about how my peers and professors would view me, if they would doubt my ability to work in this field, etc.

In the same vein, I hesitate to be visibly disabled and be as young as I am. I get enough judgment for having a mostly invisible disability that I'd feel very insecure about people judging me more, especially if I started using a wheelchair. People often think you must be paralyzed or otherwise completely unable to walk if youre in a wheelchair, otherwise youre faking or cheating the system. I grew up having my disability hidden and dismissed, so while that was and is difficult, I think making it more visible would be even harder.

These are things I think a lot of disabled people go through, so I'm posting here to see if I can connect with any of you who can relate to what I've said.

TLDR; I'm disabled and study a profession where you do not want to be/visibly disabled, but I also find myself wondering if I need more mobility aids - conflicting feelings and insecurity. I’m not sure I have good advice for you in regards to whether you should use more mobility aids. I lean strongly  towards “do what your body needs, the opinions of ignorant people will always be a factor no matter what your decision is, so they matter way less than wrecking your body”, but I don’t know enough here to know whether in your case that means adopting aids (so as not to injure yourself or slowly ruin joints, which will bite you even more with age), or whether you should resist them (to keep up strength). 

I just wanted to emphasize something another commenter mentioned, which is that it’s not necessarily indicative of much if you don’t see many other wheelchair users in your profession. We’re rare, yo. It doesn’t mean it doesn’t work. I’ve almost never seen one in my profession either. Sometimes it feels crazy...I’ll be at a conference with thousands of people and I’m the only chair user. But despite that, I still don’t feel like it’s been an impediment at all. It’s just a rarity and that’s it. What your doctor has said about any of this? What's their opinion on using mobility aids? They may be able to help your pain with different medication {ibuprofen is bottom of the scale as far as pain relief goes) and suggest if a mobility aid would help you. They might also suggest some physio if you don't already have it. This would also give you the validation that you are using something specifically advised for you and therefore 'disabled enough'. I would be very wary of using anything without doctors approval. Crutches and wheelchairs can cause considerable damage if used incorrectly which is a massive concern for a muscoskeletal disorder. 

Regarding your profession, I wouldn't worry about their attitudes. I've never met anyone in  my volunteer profession in a chair either and I volunteer in accommodations. Never met anyone in my paid profession either!  I'm sure they exist somewhere. I would be concerned about the lack of use of your hands. If you would just be using crutches long distances to walk, you could put them aside to sign. If  you need them to take your weight long term you're going to end up with a very sore back. Would it be suitable to take a seated cane? If you need it to take some weight over distance it can, but then you have somewhere to perch and take the weight off, as well as having free hands.  This might be a stretch but have you looked into electric bikes or scooters ? They don't require a ton of energy to operate and would technically be an aide without standing out . Fuck this shit. You shouldn't have to weigh your options between food/clean clothes, school/clean home. You're a human being and deserve the opportunity to have it all. So, if you feel a chair will assist with accomplishing basic life tasks, go for it. Maybe a scooter will work. Who knows. Try it all. And don't need to justify it to  anyone. The only issue is that our bodies are  usually ready to move on to the next step before our minds are. And that's on you. Make peace with your disability but never accept it. Acceptance leads to complacency. 



*19 years as quadriplegic.  I use a cane, a rollator, a service dog, a wheel chair, a placard and a slew of other devices to help me walk. I have EDS as well and I wasn't dxd until my 40s. Keep going, keep fighting, and use what you need to make life easier, there's no shame or blame in being independent.  Hi, I've been a wheelchair user my entire life. Dabbling in mobility aids and walking throughout my childhood which i always thought was stupid as i felt more capable in my chair.

I work as an artist in disability arts so i have a huge experience with sign language interpreters. They are all lovely and what a great field to work in!!! 

Overall, i think you need to remove the idea of disability for a second and its viewpoint people have on you if you were seen as "disabled". It seems that a wheelchair would suit you best with the extra add on of a slot for crutches. My friend has this and it works very well for him. He also has learnt something crazy which i didnt realize he did until a few days into knowing him because it was so smooth but he places one of the crutches behind him, semi underneath one of his buttocks to create a type of seat. the other crutch in his hand. It allowed him to stay still with better arm movement.

Overall, your job mainly involves your facial expression, body language (which doesnt change based your disability as its about expressiveness. proven by how many people i know with different disabilities using sign language very well). The other part is of course, your hands. If you cant access a location that you should sign in, then you can make it work via crutches. request a seat there (high stool maybe for the best view for people). Wheelchairs also allow you to push and sign. It wont stutter the conversation. If anything (based on my experience) whist you sign for someone, you will be in the same spot so they can move around the room and they know exactly where you will be at all times. If the dynamic of the room changes such as everyone is having a chat in the middle then you can just move there and continue to sign in one spot.

Disability is about equal access to the world, the deaf community wont judge you for your access needs or how you adapt to give them as good or better experience than any other sign language interpreter. Really, the main thing you need is to do your job to the best of your ability!!! do not let your fear of what people will think about your disability set you back on the quality you can give :).
Prove them wrong on your disability and how good a sign language interpreter you are!

If you fear this, may be doing what i do will help which is i face each day i go outside with a "fuck you, i can do anything and prove all your opinions on disability wrong". and do you know what, even though i ask for a few access things and needs, i do a damn good job and i know i change peoples opinions on disability.

Another bit of advice I can give is, explore the mobility aids at home first. Get a good grip on them before you bring them into the workplace. This means you can gain a good technique in pushing a chair or using crutches. You wont be slow whilst in the workplace and you will have little tricks that make your life smoother and easier (such as the seat trick I mentioned or how to carry hot places in a chair etc). All of these things you will learn just through practice.
 Won't repeat what everyone else has already reiterated, but a related question:

Is there a profession where you \*would\* want to be visually disabled? Maybe special education teacher/ lecturer or motivational speaker(y'know, because *inspiration)* It seems like you'll face difficulty no matter where you are or what you're doing, so you might as well take what you need.

There I go reiterating. Sorry! Why not use a wheelchair when you can and when it would benefit you, a walker other times, etc. When you need to stand you can still do so but other times you can sit. A rolling walker with a seat (rollator) may also benefit you. You can use it for walking, you can still stand and use your hands, and sit when you don't need to stand. I have EDS too and can definitely relate. Something I see over and over in the disability community is people afraid to use aids and the services there specifically for them because of the judgment of able people. It makes me so angry and I mention it whenever I see it come up among healthy people lauding themselves for calling out people that don't look disabled enough yet I can't seem to get over it enough personally to not care. 

I use braces but even with those I feel like people will think I'm being attention seeking if they can see them which is totally stupid. Using a mobility cart or arguing for a seat on the bus for myself type things no matter how much I am suffering has so far been too scary for me. I'd have no problem standing up for someone else doing it though, ugh. It's getting to the point I don't think I'm going to have a choice much longer though. Sorry you are dealing with it :( You aren't alone. Hey, I've got EDS and POTS and just stopped using my wheelchair of 4 years. I got a chair after my physical therapist prescribed it to me, but I honestly would have benefitted from having it way earlier. I likely could have kept working longer if I had one and could ask accommodations instead of feeling like I had to be perfectly abled or quit. 

For me, having a wheelchair was a very positive experience. I was bedridden, and my partner was carrying me to and from appointments. I could never leave on my own, and spent 2 years trapped in the house. The chair greatly increased my quality of life, and if I'd done it sooner it would have saved me a lot of trauma and my partner a lot of burden. 

Despite having been in the chair and found it useful, I have never felt comfortable using it part-time *because* of how non-wheelchair users react. When you're in a chair, people get more violent with you because they see you as vulnerable. I was constantly terrified if I twitched my legs someone would assault me, and I had several close calls. 

Because of that, when I started getting a bit better I quit using the chair 100% instead of just using it on bad days. And for health reasons, this was honestly a bad call. But I had that fear, "what if I use the chair and someone saw me walk before and then..." 

I can say, for me, using a chair was an immensely positive experience. Non-wheelchair users, however, are awful. I recommend making the decision by evaluating how many things you will gain, and now be able to do (ex. Not as much pain, can stay out longer, etc.) versus your worries and concerns about people's reactions. 

I am wishing you all the best, you're not alone. <3 I was just diagnosed with hypermobility this past month. I have autism and sensory processing disorder, and my proprioception is super shitty, and I'm constantly moving wrong or stupidly catching myself from falling and hurting myself worse. 

I'm also thinking about more mobility aids, but I have to be able to carry groceries on and off the bus and to and from bus stops and up 3 flights of stairs if I want to eat, and I already get bus drivers who want to tell me I can't get on "their bus" because "I don't look disabled" and "a cane could be a weapon"  Here's the thing: your situation and your body are what they are. Do you want to be more functional and up your quality of life or not?

Medical devices are tools. Tools to help you carve out the life you want. You can go through life without utilizing then and "disabling" your capacity further, or you can use what you need and kick ass.

I've found having a more visible disability actually makes things easier--you get to face people's assumptions upfront. You get to break barriers and stereotypes just by showing up and doing your job.

People who judge you for using medical devices that help you are not worth worrying about. Period. It's your life, their opinions are irrelevant. Do whatever increases your ability to function successfully. 

Things are changing in the interpreting world and outside (I use a wheelchair full time and am actually looking to get into interpreting myself). Show people you are every bit as capable and that's the only thing that matters.

You got this!

Edit: just saw you are also young. I've been this way my whole life (I'm mid 20s). It's actually young people that I've seen have an easier time. Growing up with the ADA around and the notion that people with disabilities can/should be able to do what they want is a game changer. It's the elderly disabled people (not always) that tend to think it should hold you back. I have an e-bike. I walk with a cane, and the bike gets me around town. I live in a country where cycling is the main transport for a lot of people, so the infrastructure is good for cycling. I recommend it if it's a safe/viable option. Also seguays (sp?) Drawbacks are they are pretty hard to transport - big, heavy, and $$$$ P.S. doesn't being the first wheelchair bound interpreter sound enticing? Break barriers, man! Thanks. Im thinking of finally using things like Peapod and using prime pantry more to save myself tiring grocery runs too. A rolling laundry basket to make that easier. Im just not sure what to do yet about personal mobility aids as you saw. I appreciate your words :) Thank you for your detailed response - i really appreciate your knowledge of the field and how this can apply to it.  I see what you mean, but this one is particularly hostile. I have friends in varying stages of the terp program with chronic health issues and they go through hell disproving doubt. Everyone gets really wary because good physical condition is important for this job.  Using the power carts in the store was such a game changer for me. Not only can I take my time without pain limiting how long I can stand or how many times I can walk around comparing price options, but it puts me below eye level of the overstimulating displays and such.

 I can't bring myself to insist on a bus seat. Once I tried, and it went about as bad as I could possibly imagine. Now I just stand if I have to and reduce other activity/manage the resulting pain as best I can, but mostly I make certain to plan trips around taking the least crowded buses, catching buses via connecting stops and avoiding the central transit center when possible.  All great ideas. All U.S. ideas (prime pantry) . We disabled in Canada have it a little easier.  I've my groceries delivered too Haha yes, i live in northeast usa Well, good luck. Keep the forum posted. I've made a personal goal to be more involved  