Group that travels around Southern California going to stores to see issues filed a lawsuit against my dad's store My dad runs a small shop in the southern California area. One day a man in a wheelchair came, ignored my dad when he offered help, and then pretended to trip before leaving. A month later a letter came to my dad telling him that that the man had filed a lawsuit against my dad. It turns out that the man is part of a group with disabilities that purposely looks into stores in the Los Angeles Area to find stores to sue and receive a settlement. What can I do? Hire a lawyer to respond to and defend against the suit. Ask that lawyer about getting the plaintiff labeled a vexatious litigant in California if this is something they regularly do. The last part may not be worth it but should be something to discuss with your lawyer.

Beyond that, do not communicate at all with the other party except through a lawyer. There's a guy in Austin Texas who did this. Sued hundreds of stores for ADA violations. He and his lawyer ended up being sanctioned by the court for their actions in manufacturing lawsuits.  IANAL but I deal with the ADA professionally, but not in your state.

Does your dad own the building? If not, the lawsuit may not have merit since as a tenant your dad is probably not responsible for keeping the building up to code. He'd need to keep clear pathways for wheelchair access (aisle width), but that's an easy fix usually.

The ADA is a federal law, and any new buildings need to comply with it for accessibility. Cities and states also have their own versions, but in a nutshell you need to comply with the strictest interpretations of any given rule. For instance for a new building in Chicago, you get to sift through the federal ADA, Illinois, and Chicago's own accessibility rules to ensure compliance... its fun (not! you end up hiring a professional just to review your compliance...).

BUT, if your building was built before the ADA was enacted, you are not forced to bring it into compliance unless renovations meet a designated threshold of either money spent or percentage of the building being improved. It varies often.  > A month later a letter came to my dad telling him that that the man had filed a lawsuit against my dad.

A letter isn't a lawsuit.  A lawsuit almost always has to be personally served.

If your father has general business liability insurance, he should call them right away, get them a copy of the letter, and ask for them to assign him a lawyer.  

If he doesn't have insurance (which is a bad idea) he needs to look for and hire a local attorney to respond to the letter and any eventual lawsuit. How the hell does someone in a wheelchair *trip*? Did they get out of their wheelchair at some point? Wouldn't that put the burden of liability on them if they require a wheelchair for mobility?  This happened in the [NorCal] (https://www.mercurynews.com/2016/04/10/serial-ada-lawsuit-filer-striking-bay-area/) area too. This may give you some more information
 

Though it looks like there was some sort of [bill trying to be passed] (http://sanfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2017/05/19/serial-filers-ada-infractions/) Who was the letter from?  How was it served?   Got my in-laws.  They went to court and claimed that the plaintiff never visited, only a rep.  Plus accommodations had been made to remedy the situation in good faith.  Judge threw out the case, but the lawyer tried to bill them anyway.  They had no standing.  

Had they rolled over it would have saved time and money.  They get you with just the right amount of money so you won't fight. Service by mail in CA requires very specific procedures. Was this sent by certified mail from a party not part of the suit?

Was this perhaps instead a demand letter? This same thing is also an issue in GA as well. Look into a lawyer now and see what can be done. May also want to contact the state bar and have them check in on or see if you can look into the other group a/o the lawyers they use and see if they are running a scam.  Talk to your insurance agent and document it. He may have coverage against this. Time is a factor with insurance. If they cover it lawyer costs are usually in their purview.  [removed] A similar "operation" hit the town nearest me a few years back. There's really not much you can do as they target stores that are not in compliance with the ADA - thus the suit is in fact valid -  and demand a settlement that's less than the cost to fight. Is there video? There was a guy doing just this thing in LA a while ago. Check the name of his lawyer in the article here to see if it's familiar 

http://abc7.com/news/serial-plaintiff-deported-to-mexico/198487/ My mixed use commercial/residential condo association in Florida got hit with an lawsuit under the ADA. There is an attorney in the state who does the same thing. I think he has filed hundreds of these. His "client" likely was never even on our property. That same client has been the plaintiff in numerous similar suits. We had to make changes to some sidewalks, etc. Unfortunately as well, these settlements and changes don't preclude them from coming back again with a new claim. We are paying out that settlement over 5 years.

Compliance with the ADA, assuming the building was built prior to certain dates and changes to the law, is based on a best effort under the assumption that complying with those change won't cause the business undue hardship and force it to close. But if there are any construction changes, then the space has to be brought into compliance. Also, there is no warning/waiting period that gives you time to address the issues raised and avoid the suit.

These attorneys/groups that do this are usually just looking for the maximum settlement they can get out of you. They figure how much you can afford to pay between settlement and your own attorney fees. They try to find that fine line between the defendant fighting it for a little while, racking up fees and expenses on both sides, and maximizing the amount you would be willing to settle for without going through court.

The best thing you can do is find an attorney who specializes in defending these cases. Your dad should have Public Liability insurance. If so, notify your insurer and let them handle accordingly. In Texas, a lawyer filing these types of suits was disciplined but then appealed and won...

http://www.kxan.com/news/local/austin/misconduct-lawsuit-dismissed-against-austin-ada-attorney-omar-rosales/1031470789 Any chance you have security footage? Of course they wait a month or so  because most people don't save security footage that long. How do you “trip” in a wheelchair? My parents got sued over this back in the early '00s. At the time they were told by their lawyer it was, in fact, cheaper to just pay the assholes off. Notify your insurer and/or lawyer and see what they recommend.  I’m not sure if I can say the actual foundation’s name, because of the subs rules, but there’s a group of lawyers who have fought these types of serial ADA extortionists years ago, successfully, and saved some small businesses from having to pay them.  Unfortunately, many people had to lose their business or pay huge sums to people who never had the intention of being a customer, they were just serial lawsuit filers.

I believe this specific organization is based in California, but I think they help out in all the *PACIFIC* states, maybe even nationally.  They help people out with *LEGAL* matters, mostly when laws are at odds with the constitution.  Their *FOUNDATION* might be able to help in this matter, whether they want to take it on themselves, or just give advice and direction, since they’ve been successful in court on these types of issues. [removed] IANAL but I am an engineer.  ADA has basically no enforcement mechanism other than this type of lawsuit.  I've never been a target, and I am sure I'd feel differently if I were, but if the net result is better accommodations for the disabled it seems like a net positive.  OPs father should hire a lawyer to resolve this case and an engineer or architect to avoid the next. It's likely that the group is aware of this and that each litigant is a different person.

Some of this is legitimate. If a disabled person in a wheelchair really has no access, they file. They can also belong to these support groups.

A jury will have to decide whether the disabled person "pretended" to trip. I guarantee that if that person has x-rays and a doctor showing that they are disabled, it's good luck to the store owner. This happened to the lawyer in Minnesota behind this tactic as well in 2016. The Minnesota Supreme Court sanctioned Paul Hansmeier and suspended his ability to practice in Minnesota. And now that I searched his name, he also plead guilty in file-sharing porn extortion case in 2017. 

Lovely guy.  They pretended to fall out of the wheelchair almost  Many people who use wheelchairs are not completely unable to walk or stand. However, they may only be able to walk extremely short distances, so they still need to use a wheelchair since even getting from, say, the handicapped parking spots and into the store would be too much for them. I've worked with several clients like this, and they will often stand up to grab items or do other quick tasks. It's safe to do if you know your limits and it can be quicker and easier than having to maneuver your chair in a tight spot or having to call an employee over to  get something on a high shelf.

I don't know about the liability, though. I never encountered any suggestion that it would increase liability, at least not outside of a hospital situation where they're pretty intense about fall risks, but I'm not a lawyer. Likely have their wheelchair wheeled in such a way that wheelchair can't go further and with such force that it forces out whoever is in the wheelchair??

 Oh yeah, that guy was a treat. He hit every nail salon and small mom and pop store he could here in Sacramento.   We had this guy in San Diego. He was disbarred, eventually. [Theodore Pinnock](http://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/sdut-prolific-disabled-access-lawyer-be-disbarred-2012sep18-story.html)  [removed] Is it even legal to get sued by a client that was never on your premises? No, this is a California-specific problem thanks to the Unruh Act.  Most states have no damages for ADA suits; the only remedy is fixing the building for better accommodations.  CA allows crooked plaintiffs' lawyers to seek statutory damages of $4,000 per day for technical violations.  It's pure rent-seeking. Wouldn't it be somewhat easy to track down who is instigating these cases and go after them?

If it's a specific law firm instigating/enticing disabled people to do this, I would hope that a bar complaint would be taken seriously for that kind of behavior/abuse. > It's likely that the group is aware of this and that each litigant is a different person.

So... it could potentially be a RICO situation?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racketeer_Influenced_and_Corrupt_Organizations_Act


> allows the leaders of a syndicate to be tried for the crimes they ordered others to do or assisted them in doing, closing a perceived loophole that allowed a person who instructed someone else to, for example, murder, to be exempt from the trial because they did not actually commit the crime personally. The Prenda Law saga is incredible.  Wait, he almost fell?   Or fell and almost pretended?  I'm not sure what this comment means and it may be important.

There may be a comparative negligence defense if there's proof he tried to get out of the chair or something.   You would effectively say "even if I'm partially at fault, the damages should be limited since a person who typically used a wheelchair to navigate tried to stand up... which makes him substantially at fault too."  That will hinge on whether his action was reasonable or negligent...  which may in turn depend on how good the ADA accommodations are.  If he can argue he HAD to get out of the wheelchair to get to a part of the store or to the checkout or something similar, that's bad.   If the store is appropriately designed and he just decided to take a risk...  that's better news.

Is there camera footage? Do you have security footage of the incident? It would be a very interesting discussion in a state with a pure contributory negligence interpretation, which California isn't... but still! As long as the complaints have merit, there's nothing to 'go after' anyone for.   If they're suing for fake damages from intentional trip and falls, obviously that's fraudulent, but you'd still have to prove it so.   If they're actually just trying to force better handicap accommodations, that's not necessarily wrong... or at least not necessarily legally actionable.

Edit - below OP stated they're suing for the ADA violation, not any potentially false injury resulting from it.   So it sounds like, legally speaking, the suits probably do have enough merit that there's nobody in the wrong enough to 'go after' for doing this. Key word crimes. Friendly reminder that many people who use wheel chairs can stand safely, and many can even walk safely, but not necessarily long distances, for long periods, or without pain. It was just a small lurch forward while still on his chair on his way out  Exactly. Unless this is some type of organized fraud ring it wouldn’t be a crime. If they are really going around pretending to get injured you might have a case. I’m more familiar with groups that send people into stores to check on things like counter height and whether the bathrooms comply with the ADA. That wouldn’t be a crime and thus not a RICO case.  True true!   The simple fact that he tried to get up doesn't prove he was negligent in doing so.  It will depend on the circumstances - both why he stood up this time, and whether that's something he'd ordinarily be able to do safely or not.   Does he claim he was injured by it?   Or is he just suing for ADA violation?  

And again...  is there camera footage? Suing for ADA violation. I'm not sure on camera footage. We definitely have cameras but I dont think records date a month or two back  Which is probably why they waited a while to discuss it.  :(  

Suing for an ADA violation is going to be a simpler situation, but you've got less room to argue.   Contact an ADA attorney NOW.  The relevant questions seem to be 'what does the ADA require for my store in this particular building?' 'Am I responsible, or is the building owner?' and if you get the wrong answers to those...  'what's the cheapest way to make this go away?'   