If I build a wheelchair ramp for someone, am I liable? Hi all!

I'm in Baker, Louisiana. I work with a church doing community outreaches, and one project we've tackled is building a wheelchair ramp for a family in need this Christmas. While I've got the actual building of the ramp covered, I'm a little unsure about the legalities of it.

How do I cover myself (or the church) from liability? If someone is hurt on the ramp, say, next year or in ten years, is that our responsibility or the homeowners? 

The homeowner is willing to sign anything I draw up- what kind of wording should I use to ensure no liability? Should I have them say they're building the ramp and we're merely their helpers?

Thanks for any help you guys can give!! There is nothing you can do to totally protect yourself outside building a proper ramp, with the proper tools, proper supplies properly. You can write something up with the homeowners that they will assume all liability, and release but if something were to happen the homeowners would still have the option of going after you if they can show your were grossly negligent in its construction. Baker is a smallish town so I doubt there are any code guidance so if you've never done such a thing you may want to see if there is any guidelines you can follow. You may also want to contact their homeowner's insurance agent to make sure this won't run afoul of any policy. 

 This is exactly what insurance is for.  Contact the church's insurer- several insurance companies exist solely for religious buildings.  In all likelihood they'll want some sort of report on what and where you're building and your qualifications.  I can't imagine you'd have much difficulty  but it would be wise to contact them ahead of time.  Then, probably best to hire a lawyer, present an agreement to the church which frees you from liability.  These agreements don't shroud you in an impenetrable fortress but do help quite a bit.  If you do a lot of these projects, the same agreement can be reused by simply changing the name so you don't have to pay for a new one each time. Further to this, you will need a construction permit and inspection for the ramp to be covered by any insurance. Thanks for the reply! Everything will be in code with the ADA, but I'll definitely check with the local codes. 

What about the last option? Having them sign (and notarize) a document that says they themselves are building the ramp and we are in essence the friends they've invited over to help build it? Is this something that might stand or are we still considered the builders?


Quick Edit: Further, what if I were to write out a check from the church to the family as "Benevolence," then had them  purchase the materials themselves?


 Thanks for the reply! I guess I'm trying to do this as simply as possible-- is there any way to make them (the people living in the house) the actual builders of the ramp? I.e. let them do the attaching of the ramp to the house, drive the first stake, etc.? 

Quick Edit: Further, what if I were to write out a check from the church to the family as "Benevolence," then had them  purchase the materials themselves? Ok, hold the phone, I misread your post.  I thought you were building a ramp for a church, not a person's home.  The basics of what I said still apply.  Generally people doing this type of construction work carry their own insurance policies that protect them from claims.  There is no way to prevent someone from suing you, you need to be prepared to defend the lawsuit if and when it comes- even if it's bullshit.  I would feel uncomfortable knowing what I know about the direction these things can go if I built something for someone else without sufficient insurance coverage.  Covering the church is a bit more complicated and I really don't have a good answer for you.    
  
To your more specific questions, if anything you're asking about could be considered deceptive, then NO, it's not advisable.  You have perfectly legitimate concerns and are attempting to address them at the proper time.  Most posters here want help AFTER they screwed up, it's better to be prepared ahead time.  There are legitimate, legal, upstanding measures available to address these concerns that do not involve writing funny checks or symbolic displays of construction. the only way to make the homeowners the "actual builders of the ramp"

is to cut them a check and have them actually build the ramp.

waivers are never worth much of anything, except at ski resorts and such where you are making sure participants know they are engaging in inherently risky activities.

your only viable option is to contact the insurer and verify the church  is covered and the members are covered. 