Can a public university refuse to repair a wheelchair ramp? [CA] I have been living in a housing unit at a public university in California. Last year, I became disabled and now use a wheelchair. The wheelchair ramp to the main building in my housing unit has been cracked for a long time and it is unsafe to use. I requested for it to be repaired, but the university refuses to do so, and instead has moved me to a different housing unit. The new housing is not at all equivalent to the previous unit. Because of the broken ramp, I'm also unable to even visit my former neighbors, whom I was very close with.

Is this legal? If not, can you please advise me about the relevant laws, or suggest a lawyer who could help with this kind of case? It'll depend on specific statutory rules, and so would probably involve someone with background in the ADA and  Calif. equivalent to the ADA.

Just as a rough cut, though, my understanding is that the school is required to accommodate your needs, which they are doing by relocating you to a more accessible building.  A construction project might require a specific budgeting and planning process that can't be implemented quickly enough to fix the existing problem while also accommodating your requirements.  It could be that there are other projects that also have priority due to statutory rules.

If that's the case -- if there's a management or "ministerial" component necessary, like deciding which necessary project should be finished first, courts and the legal process are usually reluctant to try to force a government institution's hand.

It's up to the regents/trustees/etc. to determine the order of importance of projects.  Their positions are created by the legislature and managed by the executive branch.  The judicial branch has very limited authority to compel either of the other two branches to act.  They can issue orders requiring certain goals, either broadly (reduce ADA complaints by X%) or specific goals (this person's lack of accommodation is reaching the level of a civil rights violation, so do some more accommodating already).

They generally would not tell them "Stop fixing the cafeteria floors and divert those resources to fixing the ramp in Building Q." They said that there are **no** plans to fix it, not that they will do so at some point in the future. 

Also, they have been spending vastly more than it would cost to fix the ramp on other upgrades to the unit. Such as installing a set of stairs into each individual residence, and no ramp. Not a single one of the upgraded residences are wheelchair-accessible, despite there being over 40 of them. The effect is that the entire housing unit is not available to any student who needs a wheelchair. If there were similar housing elsewhere, I could maybe understand this decision. However, this is a unique type of housing and is the only unit on the entire campus like it. 

Wouldn't this be considered some form of discrimination or segregation, to be upgrading a whole housing unit in a way that not a single individual residence nor the main facility building are accessible to a disabled student? The school has been very sensitive about racial inclusivity in this unit, but when I asked about the issue of disability inclusion, they repeated their offer that I can stay in the other housing, which does not provide many of the features that attracted me to the unit where I used to live. I understand that they need to manage with limited resources, but when they are spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on an upgrade which effectively excludes all students who use a wheelchair, it suggests that this isn't a question of limited resources, and I am questioning the legality of it.

What are the questions that I should be asking them so that I or a lawyer can evaluate this situation in a legal context? 