How to qualify for reasonable accommodations under the Americans with Disabilities Act? I live in Missouri. I'm thinking about applying for a new job and I'm not sure how to qualify for accommodations. Is a note from a general practitioner sufficient? Do I have to qualify for disability/social security? Do I have to do some sort of special medical exam?

Thank you in advance. If you're not already diagnosed with a disability, you don't have one, legally speaking.  

If you go see a doctor and get a diagnosis, then and *only* then can you think about asking for accommodations. Different jobs require different documents. Generally speaking, you’ll need evidence of your disability and that the nature of your disability impacts your efficacy at work.

This is something you should talk with your Human Resources about directly. They will provide specific details about what documents are required for your accommodations.

Note: employers only have a responsibility to provide *reasonable* accommodations. If the nature of the accommodation significantly changes the nature of the job or the reason the job exists, regardless of the documentation you provide, your request will be declined.


Your best bet to to approach HR directly and advocate for yourself and the things you need in order to perform your job well. The JAN website could be an excellent resource for you.

ETA: Also, I know you mentioned reasonable in the title but it bears repeating. If you already have an idea of what accommodations you need and a way to implement them without disrupting the normal flow of business, the more likely you are to receive what you need. Why are you anticipating needing accommodations? That's what I'm asking. What paperwork do I need to present to receive accommodations?  As for "reasonable" accommodations, an example would be someone in a wheelchair. Call centre phone person (work done while seated, no significant movement from place to place while working)? Desk at a suitable height to accommodate a wheelchair (may already be at that height for office chair), aisles wide enough for a wheelchair, at least one accessible restroom for the appropriate gender (may already be required due to other laws), possibly dismounting under-desk keyboard tray if it fouls the wheelchair (5 minutes for maintenance guy with a screwdriver). Picker at a warehouse? Accommodations would be VERY expensive if possible at all - sorry Charlie, you're not qualified for the job. This question feels hostile to me. I know my situation and I know the physical requirements of the job and there's a slight discrepancy. That depends on the disability and the accommodation.

You're putting the cart before the horse - or rather, you're putting the cart before a horse you haven't even started shopping for yet.   It's probably going to depend on the nature of your disability. I'd guess that in general, whatever medical practitioner diagnoses you will be familiar with what most employers want as far as documentation. 

Once you've got a diagnosis of a disability, then it's a process of communication with your employer and medical practitioner. 
  This isn't accurate. Statistics show time and time again that on average, the cost of job accommodations are less than $500. In the US, public places are required to abide by the ADA so many of the things you listed should already be addressed (in addition to not being considered a "job accommodation")

When an accommodation is requested, it's the employer's responsibility to at least TRY to accommodate the employee. If they cannot, they have to document exactly why the accommodation would not work out.

That's why I state that the OP would do best by going in and advocating for themselves and their specific needs (keeping in mind how reasonable the request may be).

In my experience, the requested accommodations are minor. A different keyboard, a software program etc. These items are a drop in the bucket to make sure employees are safe and happy in their roles while performing to standards. Not trying to be hostile, just direct. There’s no global answer to your question. What you need will depend on the situation and if you can’t answer the question our ability to help you will be very limited.  Warehouse picker, depending on if it's mechanical or manual, would require a lift truck suitable for someone who uses a wheelchair (most are designed for either a standing operator, or some of the controls are foot-operated), or would have to pick boxes off shelves too high to reach from a wheelchair.

Based on what I've seen at the parts department of both the local Freightliner dealer and the local Hyundai dealer, someone in a wheelchair would not be able to perform the duties of the parts guy. That’s one, very small role, highly specific to one perceived disability.

The OP never states the nature of their work so I’m not sure where this “warehouse picker” bit comes from.

Of course, if an applicant cannot perform the core job responsibilities, they will not be hired. It will never come to the point of an accommodations request because that individual didn’t get the job. I was giving two examples for a person with a specific disability, one where the nature of the job makes accommodations cheap and easy (and therefore reasonable), the other where they would be expensive if not impossible (therefore making it so the disabled person couldn't do the job). OP didn't state disability or type of job, leaving readers unable to gauge whether or not reasonable accommodations were possible. That wasn't the OP's question though... 