[US-TX] Neighbor was evicted, family stole everything and left elderly woman with terminal cancer with us Apologies if the flair is not right, unsure of what it falls under.

The background: Me and my wife (30/28) moved into this house 2 years ago and became mildly friendly with the elderly neighbor (68) who lived alone. About 10 months ago she was diagnosed with terminal cancer and decided not to do radiation/chemo as it had a very low chance of helping her particular case. Last week we came home to her sitting outside in her wheelchair and a group of guys pulling stuff out of her house, her son who we usually see that moved in with her was no where to be found and we couldn't reach him. According to the sheriffs at the house she was being lawfully evicted, was given notice etc. She was entirely unaware of this happening since her son began dealing with all finances, bills, etc.

She had no where to go, during this time the hospice nurse came by and with everything going on we said come inside for now of course etc. The nurse said she needed her bed (medical bed) for elevation so the sheriffs told the guys to move the bed over to our house in our living room, where she has been ever since.

As the week has gone on (8 days total) we've come to find the son after he went on the bank accounts etc just stole it all, paid no bills, hid the eviction and everything and skipped apparently when eviction day came. 

We've called the cops, filed a report and everything else but that doesn't really help the right now problem of a dying woman in our living room with come to find no insurance, no money, no house. 

While we don't want to send her to the street we don't know what possibility this opens us to? Hospice is asking us to pay the remainder of this months hospice care, bed rental and other little expenses but we don't know if doing so opens us to any sort of like liability or be on the hook for other bills by letting her stay here or paying for her care? Honestly we can't super afford to handle her care and everything else we do so what are we legally liable for now that she just sort of moved in?

Locationbot yelled at me: United States, Texas You shouldn't pay anything unless you're comfortable assuming those obligations. 

You should call [adult protective services](http://www.dfps.state.tx.us/Adult_Protection/) and explain this situation to them if you have not yet. They can point you at resources for this.  If you can, find out how hospice was getting paid for before. Hospice is a benefit of Medicare part A and given her age there is a good chance she is on Medicare already. If her payer is Medicare then the agency is already being paid for the equipment she needs and medications related to her terminal diagnoses. The agency should also have a social worker on staff that should have already been out as well, so I can’t say I’m too impressed with this agency already. I work for a home health company in Utah and in 12 years I’ve never seen anyone pay privately for hospice, the few people we have had on that haven’t have Medicare, Medicaid, or the VA as a payer we have done as charity.

If you didn’t sign any admission papers or anything for her I fail to see how they could bill you for any of her care. hospice social worker here!

Firstly, you're a good person for taking in your neighbor.  

Call the hospice office on Monday morning first thing, and tell them it is an urgent situation which requires a social worker today! They have social workers on staff, and will get someone out to help you with her. 

When you do get the SW out, make certain that you tell her about the son controlling the patient's finances and such and impress upon the SW that you don't (can't is a better word though) want this person in your house for the rest of her life, nice as she may be. Also ask if they have an inpatient facility. If they do, ask how to get your patient admitted to such a facility. If not, ask them to get her into a nursing home. This will require her either having long term care insurance (doubtful) or Medicaid (which takes some time to set up). The SW can help with the nursing home admission and with Medicaid, but you have to get him or her out just as soon as possible because it's a time-consuming process.

Medicare should be picking up the bill for the bed and the meds and whatnot... is she not on Medicare? 

Also there is a plan called Respite care which Hospices provide (I believe all of them) in which the patient is admitted to a nursing home facility for five days and five nights. It's meant to be a "break" for the patient's family, but in this case it could get her out of your house while at the same time working on a Medicaid application. Some nursing homes will actually take a patient who qualifies for Medicaid but has not yet been approved for Medicaid, on the assumption that the application will go through. If the SW is kinda beating around the bush and being non-committal, then ask them about "doing an emergency respite" and they will know what to do from there. Some SW may take the idea that as long as the patient has a roof over her head, she's good to go, and if this seems to be the case, you need to impress upon the SW (or her boss as needs may be-- that would be the Team manager) that you are only providing temporary housing and you don't want her there.

Finally, you should really make a call to DCF / APS (Child & adult protective services and tell them what's going on. The abandonment of a vulnerable adult is but one concern among many, including taking all of mom's money.  The hotline for TX (open 24/7)  is 

1-800-252-5400 or make a complaint online at:
https://www.txabusehotline.org/Login/Default.aspx

Lastly, does the patient have all of her medications? Sometimes hospices put a box of emergency care drugs in the fridge, which can include opiates. If son has abandoned her and taken her money, he may well have taken that? There should be a checklist of which meds should be in the home. This would be yet one more thing to investigate and find out what happened to the box in the fridge or if she has it still. 

If you have any other questions, I'll be happy to help! Are you in the US? If so, which state? If she has been diagnosed as terminal there are certain entitlements, such as Medicaid, to pay for her hospice. 

Edit: duh it says Texas. Google social workers for elederly in your zip code, then try to get someone in their office on the phone. Keep calling and going up the chain of command until you reach someone who has the authority to get her enrolled in Medicaid and into a bed at a residential hospice facility. It might take a while, so keep every single receipt for anything you spend on her and ask for Medicaid to reimburse you for “Long Term Care/In Home Care.” Do not agree to pay a thing or sign a single thing placed in front of you. Adult Protective Services will be able to help. She should have at least Medicare if she is 68 as she qualifies for it at 65 unless she opted out or her son opted her out as part of his elder abuse which might allow being reenrolled. Medicaid is another possibility at state level. Most hospices have social workers on staff and can get called in to help or at least be working on a game plan to help this poor woman out since her son does not care. Any funds she receives be it social security, pension, dividends, etc need redirected from an account her son has access to entirely. If the bank she uses is smaller, many times explaining the situation can get a banker to help one on one. I've seen some of the smaller banks and credit union bankers come to the customers who can't come to them. Larger banks it is up to the manager but a few I know have sent employees out when the customer is long standing and they know the situation. 

&#x200B;

Thank you for caring enough to not allow her to end up on the street entirely because her family sucks.  Does she not have Medicare at 68?  Medicare covers hospice, including equipment rental. ---
> http://imgur.com/a/myIAb

---
*I am a bot whose sole purpose is to improve the timeliness and accuracy of responses in this subreddit.*

---
**It appears you forgot to include your location in the title or body of your post. Please update the body of your original post to include this information.**

---
***Do NOT delete this post - Instead, simply edit the post with the requested information.***

---

Author: /u/medicalneigbthrow

Title: **[US-TX] Neighbor was evicted, family stole everything and left elderly woman with terminal cancer with us**

Original Post: 

> Apologies if the flair is not right, unsure of what it falls under.
> 
> The background: Me and my wife (30/28) moved into this house 2 years ago and became mildly friendly with the elderly neighbor (68) who lived alone. About 10 months ago she was diagnosed with terminal cancer and decided not to do radiation/chemo as it had a very low chance of helping her particular case. Last week we came home to her sitting outside in her wheelchair and a group of guys pulling stuff out of her house, her son who we usually see that moved in with her was no where to be found and we couldn't reach him. According to the sheriffs at the house she was being lawfully evicted, was given notice etc. She was entirely unaware of this happening since her son began dealing with all finances, bills, etc.
> 
> She had no where to go, during this time the hospice nurse came by and with everything going on we said come inside for now of course etc. The nurse said she needed her bed (medical bed) for elevation so the sheriffs told the guys to move the bed over to our house in our living room, where she has been ever since.
> 
> As the week has gone on (8 days total) we've come to find the son after he went on the bank accounts etc just stole it all, paid no bills, hid the eviction and everything and skipped apparently when eviction day came. 
> 
> We've called the cops, filed a report and everything else but that doesn't really help the right now problem of a dying woman in our living room with come to find no insurance, no money, no house. 
> 
> While we don't want to send her to the street we don't know what possibility this opens us to? Hospice is asking us to pay the remainder of this months hospice care, bed rental and other little expenses but we don't know if doing so opens us to any sort of like liability or be on the hook for other bills by letting her stay here or paying for her care? Honestly we can't super afford to handle her care and everything else we do so what are we legally liable for now that she just sort of moved in?




---
LocationBot 4.125 | GitHub (Coming Soon) | [Statistics](https://locationbot.info) | [Report Issues](https://www.reddit.com/r/locationbot) Find out if she has medicaid, and if not, help her apply for it. Also help her apply for a low-income subsidy (LIS) for her prescription drug coverage (Medicare part D). She can apply for Medicaid at any time and if approved her coverage will be effective immediately. Once she has both Medicare and Medicaid, help her apply for a Medicare-Medicaid health insurance plan. Good to see all the great advice from the hospice community here.  Not much to add.

The nurse asking about payment may have been ill informed.  There is no copay for the Medicare hospice benefit.  A field nurse may not have known that although she should have. 

Hospice does not pay room and board at a facility aside from the 5 day respite benefit. 

Getting Medicaid may be fairly simple but it does not pay for room and board. Long term Medicaid waiver does.  Getting long term Medicaid will be complicated by the 5 year look back period.  There were assets transferred that will need to be accounted for, even if they were shady. The social worker will be all over this on her behalf. 

Has anyone reached out to her primary care doctor? The hospice benefit is administered under doctor's orders.  He/she will want to know what is going on.  The name will be on her meds. 

 Some hospice providers will use their own doctor to increase revenue but that's not the best practice. The hospice medical director should be the secondary doctor and her primary care should be the first.  (Only the first MD on her plan of care can bill Medicare.  That's why some providers shoulder out the primary care doctor. )
 Call adult protective services now. Tell them about the son stealing his mom's money (not paying bills) this is called elder abuse and is a crime that APS does not like at all. You can file for an emergency guardianship hearing - that will take two weeks. The son will be required to attend. You must show that you are providing a clean and safe environment for her and she is getting a balanced diet. You are not required to pay any of her bills, so do not pay, even a portion. Once teh hearing is over then, since you have guardianship, you can seek services including hospice care. Check to see if you can get your mortgage or rent compensated, since you have her in your home and she is not in a hospice facility. 
 Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/landlord) section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues.  If this does not apply to your question, please disregard.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.* [removed] We talked to the cops again a bit ago and they said that on Monday they can bring by a social worker to help us get a handle on it all. Her son was paying for it I guess, I have no real experience with hospice so I don't know how it should work. We called another hospice to get a price/maybe we can afford it for her and they immediately offered to do it for free when we explained the situation so that's settled and they will be by tomorrow when the regular current hospice nurse comes to get all the info and what not from her and them  Lots of older adults who have money (which she did previously) and take care of themselves (which she seemingly also did before she got sick) don't take the time to sign up for Medicare and only end up on it once desperately needed and someone else helps them through the process. It's very possible she private paid her hospice using SSI or some other kind of state aid.

Maybe talk to the hospice social worker about getting her on Medicare and into an actual hospice house or long term care facility that provides hospice care.

Source: working with old people and in nursing homes  This is great advice. The hospice nurse that came during the eviction checked all her meds. While the son may be a thief and an asshole he didn't take her meds. The nurse said a few were missing but if he was abusing them more would be gone. The few missing could be attributed to in between dosages for pain if he noticed it but since he's not here to confirm that who knows.

The new hospice is coming by tomorrow to take over care and we see a social worker on Monday. We have talked to them a bit and they know while we don't want her on the street, we also don't want her to die in our living room. They understand and said they'll get the ball moving on Monday. It sounds cold but I think we've done all we can, hopefully hospice can figure out a solution soon for us. Ty Texas in the US. It may sound cold but we don't really know what we can and can't do that would put us on the hook in anyway for bills, future bills or care. We can't really afford anything extra than what we do now. ?????? What? How much longer does she have?  Not to be callous, but you'll want to talk to the social worker about bringing in a a lawyer to draw up poa/custodian documents and get ssa/ssi redirected to an account you can draw from to pay the bills.  Or at least an acct the son is not on. Social workers work on weekends. This is a bonafide emergency. You cannot properly take care of this person and you need to make that emphatically clear to the police. They can commit her to a hospital but they don't want to do the paperwork. Don't take no for answer and start demanding supervisors when the patrol guy tries to blow you off. Do NOT agree to pay anything nor sign anything.   The hospice also should send a social worker to help with all this.

Can she go to an inpatient hospice facility instead of staying with you? You took in your neighbor. You didn't have to do that. You don't look "cold" at all from where I'm sitting.

The new hospice group will probably be able to help you and your neighbor lady a lot, but if you would like more help, here is [HHS's list of the state's Agencies for the Aging](https://apps.hhs.texas.gov/contact/aaa.cfm). You can contact the group for your county.  You don't sound "cold" you're being realistic. You've done what someone else might not have done. Does she have any other relatives besides her son? Adult Protective Services will be a great help.  I wouldnt sign anything until you talk with a licensed social worker. Call your states Department of Health and Hospitals. There is alot of assisstance for this situation. Getting her enrolled in Medicaid should be a one-day process. That pays for her care in total. Call your local Medicaid office and talk to someone there. They should be able to send out a caseworker right away. Or go to the office first thing Monday morning.  

Good luck and thank you for being good people   You don’t sound cold at all. This woman was abandoned by her own son, and you took her in when he was going to leave her in her wheelchair literally on the street. 

Do not sign for anything or be pushed into assuming financial responsibility. Your job as a good neighbor does not include anything more than a dozen cookies and some visits, if that’s what you want to do. You’re going above and beyond.  You’re going above and beyond here. In terms of other relatives, try doing some Facebook sleuthing to see if she has any siblings/nieces/nephews/etc. I’m wondering if her extended family has any idea what’s happening. Personally, I’d be fucking livid if my cousins pulled this crap with any of my aunts. I hate to say it but get in touch with a church, Episcopalians are often pretty charitable and may be willing to help; at least until you get her Medicare flowing again. 