Liability of one student pushing another in a wheelchair on band trip? Pennsylvania
My daughter and her friends are in a sticky situation. They are going on a choral trip in the spring. They are rooming with a girl who is disabled. Collectively, all four girls in the room are "friends." I say that loosely, as they are only being friendly to avoid the wrath of the disabled girl's mother.

The disabled girl has problems walking long distances, so she has a wheelchair. In the past, at amusement park choral trips, the disabled girl has "ordered" my daughter and the other "friends" to push her around the parks. They don't say no. They are too nice, and honestly, afraid of the mother.

This mother is the 2nd worst helicopter parent in the school. If anyone does anything to hurt the feelings of her special snowflake, she will go to the teachers, principals, the school board, and then scream at the parents. I won't even get into how the girl's disability has nothing to do with her demanding bitchiness.

I'm wondering if there's an issue with liability in students pushing a wheelchair. The boosters are renting the girl a motorized scooter at the amusement park, but we are also going on some tours where the scooters aren't available. 

Honestly, I'm looking for a legal way of telling her to stop forcing these girls to push her brat around, without making the girls feel bad. 

Also, don't know if it affects anything, the disabled girl is 18.
Thanks for any advice. Theoretically, yes they could be liable in some instances. Tell the mother that they have a tendency to be absent-minded at the top of very steep hills. 

But this isn't really a legal issue, if they don't want to push her wheelchair then they don't have to. They aren't caretakers. 
 If you really want to pursue this, you could check with an attorney who specializes in education law.  

In my state a student with special physical needs would have an aide provided by the school district.   I will admit that I'm fishing here. I'm looking for some kind of legal reason to give. 

I'm just trying to avoid a world of ugly for these girls' last trip.
It would be easy if I could just tell her that legally, we can't allow it. If you are just looking for an excuse, tell her that regardless of whether it is accurate or not. What is she going to do, get a court order demanding it? 