Man in motorized wheel chair ran over me I was waiting at the bus stop and suddenly felt my foot being crushed. I turned around to see a large man in a motorized wheel chair trying to get by. He essentially stopped right on top of my foot (I think he meant to just get my attention) and then mumbled "excuse me" and I moved. The girl beside me commented how aggressive it was. It was pretty clear he meant to at least come in contact with me, though I don't think he meant to injure me. 

Over the next several hours the pain and swelling got worse to the point where it was difficult to walk. I happened to run into the same man at the same bus stop and got a picture of him.

What should I do, if anything? What are my options? I haven't got the x-ray results back yet but I'm expecting this will need physio. I'm in BC Canada. Needless to say I don't want to go picking on people in wheel chairs, but this guy really did injure me. >Needless to say I don't want to go picking on people in wheel chairs, but this guy really did injure me.

As someone who has a lifetime disability, lease don't think like this. A disability does not mean you get a free ride to be an asshole to people, and surely not to cause them injury.

If this guys intent was to come in contact with you, which did cause an injury, please talk to the police. If this is going to cause you to miss work or having to pay for physio, you could go after him in small claims court as well. Of course it's all up to you, but I'd at least make a police report. [removed] BC personal injury lawyer here. Do you own a car with ICBC insurance? Does Someone in your household? You may be covered under ICBC Part 7 No-Fault benefits if so; you may be anyway, depending on how this particular electric wheelchair is classified by ICBC. My recommendation is to report the incident to ICBC Dial-a-Claim, which will mean if you are eligible for some coverage you've taken the first step to preserve your rights. It does not guarantee you're eligible but if you are eligible you should get your physiotherapy and other treatments covered.

As far as suing in tort, proving negligence on this one is going to be difficult, maybe impossible. Even more difficult without his identity proven, although it may fall under ICBC's Unidentified Motorist category, in which case you would be responsible for taking reasonable steps to ascertain identity.

None of this is legal advice, and I am not your lawyer. Good luck! In the future, when documenting injury, try not to add subjective statements, i.e. "I think he just meant to get my attention". If this went to court the lawyer would say, "The victim felt that this was purely an accident." 

Otherwise: CALL AN ATTORNEY and pay a $100 to see what they recommend. Or, ask all of your friends to recommend one - I am sure a friend of a friend will do you a good one and give you advise for free. I have a disability and either use a chair or crutches, but mostly the latter. I expect to be held accountable for my actions, if that means anything to you. Otherwise, I am a burden to society, not because of my disability, but because of my poor attitude. 

Do what you have to do for yourself.  I got robbed by a sweet old lady in a motorized car. I didn't even see it coming :( Unfortunately, without his identity you can't do much. you can try to track him down or if you see him again let him know how he injured you and try to get his details, that sort of thing.

Speak to the police about the incident and file a report with them, keep the report number/a copy of the report. That way you have some record of the incident. 

Edit: if anyone wishes to enlighten me as to why this comment is currently -11 please do. I'd love to learn my mistakes. Seeing what's upvoted here hasn't helped because it's all go to the police and don't be so nice to him, and I said for op to go to the police.

Edit- it's almost -20 now and no-one has said anything. You're all so helpful. If it is the bit about op tracking down the person who hurt him himself and asking that person's details I'm sure op can use his judgement, and again I also said go to cops. I just thought op might have more luck as he has seen this person twice now at the same place. 

I'm happy to cop some downvotes for being wrong or giving bad advice but I just wish people would take the time to say clearly so I can learn from it. I don't even know if what I just said is why.  As a transit bus driver if the bus was there then there is many cameras on the bus. Go to the police. Disability or not, it's not a free pass to be an asshole.  [removed] After your foot started to show signs of damage and you saw this person again, you should have explained the situation.  Your idea of him knowingly doing it could be totally different in his eyes.  Dont take a picture and come to reddit for advice..  Confront him, if he doesnt respect the situation, call the police. Interesting that you need to turn around to see your foot being crushed. It seems like you and the guy in the chair weren't paying attention.It's also interesting that you're getting x-rays. Canada probably has doctors that can tell you more about the injury so you don't have to guess. I've had a car tire run over my foot with no ill effects. I'm sort of shocked your injury is so crippling. The guy that accidentally injured you is likely an unemployed and poor disabled person so you aren't going to get any money from him. I seriously doubt you will get any sort of disability compensation. I'm guessing almost all your health care costs are covered by the government. The entire thing seems like a waste of time for an accident. Yeah, there isn't a reason in the world for you to be an asshole That would be the most inconvenient police line up I could think of. I kind of want to see it. [removed] The only person who has a car is the landlord who lives in the basement suite.  Would an accident change the disabled man's liability to pay for the injury in some way?  Unless the damage was massive, is this not handled in civil court sans lawyer? advice Id like to add that because this man is so recognizable (picture + unique wheel chair) it might be very easy to track him down (by the police).

Maybe he could also find the woman as a witness (by e.g. social media) I think even mentioning the fact you've been downvoted peeves people. Just a bad break I guess? =\

But I gave you a consolatory up vote to help a bit. =) The reason everyone is downvoting you is because you're implying that when we don't know the person who committed a crime there's nothing we can do. But that's not true of course and I assume that's why people are down voting.  Fucking crazy I can't see a reason why you'd be downvoted so hard.  Maybe your triggered some tumbler-ites that happen to stop by.   

This happens to me sometimes in a few insurance subs.  You gave out sound advice,  keep doing you boo.  If you'd stop taking karma so seriously we'd take you more seriously. Just a heads up. You're getting downvoted because you don't know what you're talking about.  A wheelchair wheel is much much smaller and thinner than a car wheel so the weight isn't evenly distributed.  A wheelchair can easily damage something where are car is less likely to because the weight is distributed across a much larger area.  As for medical costs if OP has to miss work to get treatment or has to pay for something else (eg a medical copay) then he should be able to get money. [removed] Call ICBC Dial-a-Claim. Report the accident.  I have no idea what the intention of the plaintive is or, for that matter, if that accident caused his injury, or the scope of the injury. He may have nerve damage. He may have stubbed his toe the night before and the swelling was from that. No one knows, including the plaintive.

I only know that I squirm inside when someone is asking for legal advice and documents a perspective of the event here on Reddit. Don't put yourself at a disadvantage by documenting a potential court case. You may be in the right 100%, but your *perspective* of an event is something that only a good lawyer should  narrate in court.

I remember a car accident I had a long time ago. I t-boned another car on a very blind corner - not a hard t-bone, I just pulled my nose out and the other car swerved out of the way of t-boning me and basically crushed the length of the side of their car against my nose. I was a nervous wreck and said to the lady, "It was my fault" - I thought I had somehow missed the car. In court I learned that there have been hundreds of exactly the same kind of crashes at this very intersection for exactly the same reason: looking for cars doesn't matter - it is luck that many more accidents don't happen there. The cop told the court what I said and it was case closed. She could have been speeding. She could have been smoking meth. It didn't matter. I had admitted guilt. The town would rather have me say it was my fault than having to deal with a poorly designed road intersection. 

The point is: whatever you think is innocent or the right thing to do or say outside  of court can be precisely the wrong thing to say.

Many years later that intersection was completely changed. Why? Too many accidents.

 OMG IM SO SORY FUR MISPULLING ONE WERD ON INTERNIT I SHOOD DIE NOW SORUY! I think I could find him in person. The bus stop he ran over me was in front of a mall, and the second time I saw him he got off the bus at the  same mall. What do you have in mind by using social media to contact find the witness? I think I would get a lot of flak by posting on facebook "looking for witness to wheal chair crash" or whatever, though I have considered putting a sign on the bus stop with a description and my email address.   It certainly feels bad. 

but knowing someone upvoted me in all that mess negates that a bit, thank you. :) Perhaps I should have put the section about the police first rather then second, then it would have been a bit clearer that I am not saying there is nothing that can be done.  Thank you, I think I shall. It's not the karma that I'm worried about, at least not in any other sense then the negative karma means (usually) that I have said something which does not contribute to the discussion well, in the case of /r/legaladvice that means I gave shitty advice, which is something I would not like to do.

The karma is an indicator which I included only because it's nature can change and my edit may become otherwise confusing. Plus, in Canada while the hospital care may be covered, the aftercare is not. Physio is quite expensive, and it is not covered by health insurance in most provinces - BC included - unless it is part of an inpatient treatment. Exactly.  If it was a large man in a bariatric wheelchair the combined weight of the passenger in a wheelchair may have been well in excess of 500 pounds. That weight is distributed on four  small wheels.  Think of having someone step on you with a stiletto heel.

I have had one driven into me deliberately. Mental health patient. They can injure.  Many communal living facilities ban them because of the risk to other residents. [removed] OMG IM SO SORY FUR FIXING ONE WERD ON INTERNIT I SHOOD DIE NOW SORUY! To find the witness, I would return to the same bus stop at the same time and same day of week. It's possible that you'll find her again.

For finding the man in the wheelchair, you can try the same thing, or you might have better luck seeing if you can talk to the bus driver of that bus stop. He might have some additional information you can take to the police. I think everyone's had that happen that comments regularly - it stings when your comment is well considered and meant to be helpful, as opposed to something snarky, where you might expect it. It's just a weird reddit thing sometimes. Hope it doesn't put you off from commenting in the future, especially for posts asking for advise.  They found me. Lol Thanks for this info.  My knowledge of canada is limited to the name of the PM and the drinking age in Quebec. [removed] LETTUCE DIED TOGUTHERS FUR OOR TRANSGRUTTONS! Still, what exactly would I say to him? It's not as if he would give a random stranger his address, so I can serve him with documents.  Oh it won't put me off at all. I'm mostly worried giving someone bad advice. Id feel pretty awful if I did and they took it. 

Thank you for the reassurance. I really appreciate it. Rolled off* [removed] AND ON TAHT DAI, /u/BYXIT AND /u/DIRTCREATURE COMEDDID SUDOKU That's what the police are for. Especially if he's a regular at the mall, there may be a way for mall security to tip off the officers that the man is there.  Your comment or post has been removed because you posted a YouTube link.  Please edit to remove the link.  After doing so, you can [click here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice&subject=Re-approve%20my%20fixed%20YouTube%20comment&message=https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4rbw1u/man_in_motorized_wheel_chair_ran_over_me/d503whb?context=3%20\(please%20leave%20this%20so%20we%20can%20reference%20your%20comment\)) to notify us to re-approve your comment or post.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.* 