Florida: Severely injured by Miami Airport wheelchair contractors but nobody will take case because International terminal. In April the MIA wheelchair contractor injured me severely, pushing me forward down a steep section of jetway ripping my erector muscle (permanent even with medicail help). American Airlines and the contractor made reports (although AA staff warned me the contractor usually didn't and would "lose" it if I requested copies). Several witnesses in MIA, captain himself eventually allowed me to fly versus calling ambulance because it was an emergency travel, but assigned crewmember to check on me every 20 mins.... they promised to write a statement if asked but AA requires a lawyer ask. I have statements from two people at destination who helped carry me outside and drove me to my address because I was that badly hurt. 

The injury was bad enough I was bedridden, paying for medical, and my returned delayed several weeks. Insurance didn't cover the interruption or medical, and certainly nobody is looking at the lifelong treatment requirements.

Of course when I returned in July the contractor smashed me up again, different body part and during the trip from the terminal to the baggage area... where at last I found a supervisor to make the person stop and let me off - fortunately by then I could use a cane, but then spent an extra week bedridden from using a cane to get from baggage to rental.

It turns out this company's "training" is that staff watch a short video and then go straight to work... like these injuries are Wheelchair 101 and they can't even get that right. Also the wheelchairs and the way they're used prevent the disabled person - assuming the person could - from grabbing the brakes. The language barrier is also a problem e.g. the second time the staffer had no English and I didn't know her language.  

This company is notorious for hurting disabled people and other Florida airports have banned them. Disabled people are a vulnerable population, usually travel compounds the confusion of what to do when this company injures someone, add time and language problems and it's a recipe they use that to their advantage.

Recently I had to go through there again and AA ensured I was taken by cart. However, again on the jetway I had to use my cane to stop the wheelchair because the guy was pushing me forwards down a steep jetway. Obviously the accident report from April either didn't happen or didn't sink in.

I've been trying to find a lawyer ever since April but, although everyone involved is American and there's a pattern/history for me and that other airports have banned them over, each lawyer I approach says they don't do cases from the International terminal because of international law.

One lawyer said I have 4 years to make a claim but I'm sure from what AA said and the recurring issues that there is little to no documentation aside from my keeping my ticket stubs and the AA staff/crew (who see so many people they probably already forgot me) and my witnesses.

Please let me know what to do - I'm especially confused why international terminal rules would interfere when all parties are American - but I need contingency so is that maybe a nice way or saying no?

Thanks for your time, have a good weekend! Have you been offering to pay these lawyers?

As is, even if you can't find an attorney you're free to sue without one.  But you can't make any attorneys work for you.  And to be totally blunt, in most cases when an attorney won't take your case, it's because you don't have a case. Let me be honest.  This has nothing to do with the "international terminal" because US law applies there.  Either the lawyers you've seen feel your case isn't as good as you think it is, is too small to bother with, or they don't want to take it or you on for some other reason.  Perhaps among them is that with your various injuries compounding each other, it's going to be very difficult to prove causation.

You can keep looking for a lawyer -- offering to pay by the hour might help.  Or you can try small claims. Thanks for replying - it had become a referral-go-round and I see how the money would be the issue, as well as a more dispassionate view of the elements making a case. Excellent point, the back is new but the feet weren't (Iraq) and I had not considered that angle... I think that adds into their "the disabled passenger can't sue us so fuck training and safety" approach.

Would just doing the back injury be better and leave off the other incidents?  Or maybe try to find other people injured there and do a class action? (Other airports booted them previously so there must be enough injuries and documentation around?)

I really want to make sure they don't hurt anyone else. Unfortunately I am not in lawyer-affording territory for at least 2 more years or I totally would do.

Thanks for your answer! 

EDIT would the small claim be filed for my county or for Miami?  What is recoverable - medical, accommodations for the three extra months, pain?  I'm guessing the future medical can't be claimed until it's incurred? I'm not from FL originally so I'm unsure how they do it. Not sure of the terminology to google for myself sorry but happy to google if you don't mind providing the county and  keywords! This is too personally specific for a class action, and you'd need to find, at a minimum, hundreds of people. Again an excellent point.


It just sucks to be 1 person looking at these bills and their entire scheme, knowing they can bleed my pocketbook til I give up on top of this back injury for life, meanwhile hurting more people. I guess writing the state disabled compliance office, the airport, and some politicians will be the best chance for change. 


Small claims it is then. Thanks for letting my bend your ear and borrow your expertise! 