[WA] Condo banning vehicles over a certain length My mom recently bought a condo and was told recently that they passed a parking restriction banning any vehicles over 17.5 feet unless the tenant gets board approval. She drives a dodge truck that is around 21 feet long.

She’s now very worried since there is no public parking anywhere and she is disabled with a handicap placard and needs her vehicle. What are her options in this situation if she is not given approval?

Thank you Is her truck specially modified for her, or is there some reason she needs to have a 21-foot long vehicle due to her disability?  Just having a handicapped placard on its own doesn't give her special rights beyond parking in designated handicapped parking spots. IANAL, but have her ask for approval. The Board might be willing to bend on this restriction. There’s likely a safety/access reason behind this resolution. Usually this type of resolution is more geared towards RVs and boats. 

As far as ADA compliance, technically a homeowners association is not required to comply with the ADA, unless the association is offering or providing a public accommodation. The fact that this is relative to a parking lot puts this in a legal ‘grey area’ with regard to the ADA. Most HOA boards are more than willing to work with owners, especially when it comes to ADA requests for reasonable accommodation. 

Source- HOA manager in OR and WA Not sure about her street situation but my hoa can’t control vehicles parked on the street as it’s city property. People complain about work trucks and duellies (sp?) but hoa can’t to squat 

Should check into if street is private hoa controlled property or public tax funded roads  She may have recourse under the ADA, if the HOA gives her grief, but IANAL.  She uses it to tow a variety of things that require a truck that size. The disability comment was because she doesn’t have the ability to walk the distance required to park it in a public location.

She just feels unfair that a condo association could enact a new rule that would force her to sell a vehicle that isn’t modified or used for commercial purposes. I realize that doesn’t change the matter, but I’m curious if condos can just do whatever they want. Could it ban all cars that aren’t painted white, for instance? Unfortunately there’s no public or street parking nearby. The only parking is the private lot for the condo. The HOA only has to provide reasonable accommodation ... there is no reasonable reason to have to have a 21’ vehicle due to disability when a 16.9’ vehicle will do (length of a long mini van) >relief under the ADA

Because she has a disability that requires driving a giant ass truck? Of course not. The size restriction most likely has a safety issue behind it. She should ask permission and see what happens.  Thanks! If the truck has been modified for her (such as wheelchair accessible), sure. A giant ass truck has plenty of room for a hydraulic lift platform to put a power wheelchair in the driver's spot; you're not going to be able to do that very easily with a Hyundai Accent.  Most vehicles that are modified with wheelchair ramps are standard-sized (long) mini-vans. The accommodation necessary for those are handicapped parking spaces with wide loading zones. I'm not talking about a fold-down wheelchair ramp to put a passenger in the back; I'm talking about [something like this](http://www.blvd.com/wheelchair-van-conversions/atc-conversions/chevrolet-silverado-or-gmc-sierra-1500). Different people, different needs.  Yes, some people put wheelchair lifts into trucks.  But it's not *necessary* to have a giant truck just to get a wheelchair into it.  I know a LOT of wheelchair users, and none of them *need* a big truck because of their wheelchairs.  Some of them have big accessible trucks because they like to haul stuff around.  Liking to haul stuff is not a protected class.  

Hyundai Accent, you say? Take a look at [this](https://grist.org/living/kenguru-electric-car-wheelchair-accessible/).  

Oh, and my accessible van isn't to put a wheelchair user in the back, it's to put a wheelchair user in the front.  Like you said, different people, different needs. My reference to a Hyundai Accent was specifically about a hydraulic lift for a power chair; the Kenguru (which apparently has been "available soon" for at least five years now, [and their US website is dead]) does not have a hydraulic lift nor does it accommodate a power chair. 

For another example, would your accessible mini-van accommodate a [tracked wheelchair](http://actiontrackchair.com/trackchair-st/), particularly in its wider widths for big people? The ones I've seen usually can't, because the amount of rework to get adequate turning radius and accessibility of controls is not feasible, whereas I have seen a full-size truck that will fit one. Given what has been revealed about OP's mother's needs, she probably doesn't require anything remotely like this, but if her job or lifestyle or medical conditions were such that she did require a big ass wheelchair, then on what basis are you willing to say "well, none of the people *I* know need a big ass truck, so she can't possibly either"? 