Legal for pain doctor to "change policy" and stop prescribing handicap passes for anyone not in a wheelchair 100% of the time? I have a degenerative disease which means I get worse as the day goes on. I can walk in the morning but by nighttime use a chair or limp pretty slowly. Yesterday my doctor told me that she would not renew my temp handicap tag for my car (which she's done three times before) because their "new office policy" is to not prescribe them for anybody who is at all ambulatory. She said it was because people were having trouble finding parking at the doctor's office. 

I'm already 80% housebound and this is going to ruin most chances I have to get out of the house. Is this legal, saying some disabilities "count" more than others? I certainly fit the legal definition for a person who should receive a red handicap tag. (I am in Texas, btw.) 

If this is not the right place for this, please tell me. Or tell me where to look. I'm at a loss here.  I'm sorry you're having a hard time with this, and it seems like you should certainly be able to get a handicap tag from your description. Still, doctors absolutely have the right (and responsibility) to refuse giving prescriptions if they don't agree with the reason for giving them out. Your best bet is probably to find a new doctor. >She said it was because people were having trouble finding parking at the doctor's office.  
  
So she's denying giving you a handicap pass at *all*, because there isn't enough handicap parking in *her* parking lot? Did you inform her that you go places other than her office?  
  
I'd be looking for a new doctor. Not just because of the handicap pass, but because she seems like an idiot. [deleted] The medical board would probably like to hear about this.  Do you see a primary care doctor?  Can a doctor still refuse if the express purpose is to avoid having to make accommodations for patients?  This whole episode (as reported) seems highly unprofessional.  Thanks, and I certainly plan to :( I was just curious if it fell under discrimination law somehow, since she stated multiple times that this was a broad policy that was instituted to all their patients, and for the sake of convenience not medical necessity.  Correct on all counts. It's stupid as hell. And I'm definitely going to find another doctor, but it takes time and I'm sure I'll have to be back there before I find another one (since the state forces me to have monthly appointments).  It's just so fucking dumb and infuriating. It's not even a form, they just have to write a script for it. That's a good idea though. Yeah, the accommodations angle is probably the best one here. I agree, this is highly unprofessional. I'm honestly not sure if the law says one way or the other, but I'm sure someone else will weigh in. It's tricky. On the one hand, I feel like that's not a very good reason to deny a handicap tag. On the other, I don't like the idea of a doctor having to write a prescription against his will.

Because this is going to effect more people than just you, I think I would call a local disability attorney and see if you can get a free consultation. Many cities have non-profits that do this kind of work all the time. I wonder if her parking lot [satisfies the ADA requirements for accessibility](http://www.ada.gov/restripe.htm).

Can you explain why you are receiving red tags instead of blue?  In order to receive red tags your doctor is providing an estimated end date for your disability; do you receive a new one every day you leave the house? [Application for Texas handicap tags](http://www.txdmv.gov/motorists/disabled-parking-placards-plates)

Edit: Texas DMV customer help line (888) 368-4689 or (512) 465-3000 Medicaid would be enough to trip federal financial assistance for Section 504, no? That's a good idea, the thought of a local nonprofit hadn't even crossed my mind. I'm in a city so there probably is one. 

Thanks for your help. I really do agree with you in that I see both sides, and can see a precedent here that could lead to bad things. But at the same time.... yeah. I'll look into that disability attorney :)

Edit: I did contact Disability Rights Texas, hopefully they'll get back to me  I'm fairness, a handicap tag and a controlled drug are very different things. It's not like op is gonna OD on convenient parking. Forcing doctors to give them in certain circumstances would be fine with me.  When I originally asked the doctor about needing a handicap tag, she just wrote me a red one, I don't remember what her reasoning was, or if there was any. I guess I need to look into blue-- as I said somewhere above, this has been going for a year and a half of no problems with the temp tags, so I've just never had to pursue the topic. 

Good question about the lot... This is the best reply.   If you qualify for a blue tag, get one. I don't work in disability law, which is why I recommended that OP consult a specialist. Yeah, I definitely qualify. I don't know why she didn't have me get a blue one in the first place... Looking into it now.  Same reason I was asking you!  For sure find a specialist. And file a complaint with the licensing board. She made a medical decision for you on the basis of her office's lack of adequate parking. Contemptible. Good luck!  Hope things are resolved well. 