Disability access in DMV? (Alabama) Isn't it required that all federal buildings include disability access and assistance as needed to ensure that a disabled person can make use of the services?

In Alabama, I went to the DMV today. I have gout in my ankle which has rendered me barely able to walk. I'm looking to transfer a tag and apply for a disability placard. 

There was a long line, and when I got to the counter, I asked if there wasn't a way for a disabled person to get a ticket to queue instead of standing. The woman at the counter said no. She said there's nothing like that. I was shocked. I thought it was a federal requirement. I said as much and she said there should be, but no. She said a ticket system would cost too much. I was not amused.

Maybe I'm crazy, but I thought I remembered that this was required. I Googled, and found that in California, the DMV indeed allows many options for a disabled person to access services. Is Alabama really permitted to provide NO options?

I mean, gout freaking hurts. I can barely stand. If my wife hadn't come in and held my place in line, I'm not sure I could have managed. But there are people who *can not* stand for that long to access services. There has to be SOMETHING that can be done about this. (I'm more worried about others who are worse off than me than myself here. It sucks for me, but my mother had Multiple sclerosis. She could not have stood as long as I stood today, less as long as I'd have needed to stand to wait through that whole line.)

Any advice? The state DMV is not a federal building. Uhm, did you press the issue at all? Show whatever information you needed to apply for the disability tag to them?  Not to be snarky, but have you considered a wheelchair? I am unsure whether or not requiring a ticketing system is a federal requirement http://codes.findlaw.com/al/title-21-handicapped-persons/#!tid=NF7FB6810BABF11DB8E46AD894CF6FAAB

The ADA applies to accessibility and standardization of public buildings and facilities for everybody with a diagnosed disability. Alabama state statutes specifically addresses the use of prosthetics, crutches, braces, wheelchairs etc.  That's a good point. I didn't really realize that.
But I'm surprised the state can get away with not offering any assistance. :/ I did ask and talked to the lady, but she was kinda dismissive and I didn't know what more I could do. Also /U/sheidarksbane if the cost of a wheelchair for a single use is prohibitive, consider goodwill or other thrift stores.  I've heard of some that give them away to people in need, and especially if you are willing to redonate it the next day you might be able to do it for nothing out of pocket by a little of your time. I don't have one because I *can* walk, just can't stand extendedly. I also don't know how long my condition will last. 
But there are people worse off than me, and I'm just curious why this isn't...better for those people. And if there's anything that can be done. Thank you. I'll review this. This is what I was looking for. I appreciate your drawing attention to a place where I can review the laws.
 You can use an mobility device while waiting in line.  