Could people with disabilities operating motorized wheelchairs be given a DUI citation if they have been drinking and continue to operate their chair? (IL for the bot but really any state) No real reason for asking, just curiosity. http://blogs.findlaw.com/blotter/2014/04/yes-you-can-get-a-dui-in-a-wheelchair.html Technically?  Yes.

More likely outcome:  you get public intoxication or another applicable charge for what you did (such as battery if you hurt someone with your chair).    I can't speak for other states, but you cannot get a DUI in Ohio on a motorized wheelchair Thanks, that was helpful.

This is the part I was most interested in:

>The Americans with Disabilities Act prevents government discrimination based on disability, and unequal treatment from wheelchair DUIs might qualify. But short of hiring a civil rights attorney, a better strategy for avoiding wheelchair DUIs is to not operate a wheelchair while impaired.

The article itself doesn't seem to give a particularly satisfactory answer (good legal advice though), I imagine there isn't too much precedent. Oddly public intoxication is fine in Illinois.

https://www.illinoislegalaid.org/legal-information/it-illegal-be-drunk-public Actually the example used in the link in the top comment refers to an Ohio Man being cited

http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/ohio-man-wheelchair-cited-drunkenly-operating-motor-article-1.1744912 Yes there is a solution, don't drink and operate a powered wheelchair. Disorderly conduct it is, then!  Then it is an easy win. The OVI law (4511.19) says you have to be operating a vehicle, trackless trolley, or streetcar. ORC 4511.01 has the definition of "vehicle" and motorized wheelchair is specifically excluded. 

Edit:

Vehicle" means every device, including a motorized bicycle, in, upon, or by which any person or property may be transported or drawn upon a highway, except that "vehicle" does not include any motorized wheelchair, any electric personal assistive mobility device, any device that is moved by power collected from overhead electric trolley wires or that is used exclusively upon stationary rails or tracks, or any device, other than a bicycle, that is moved by human power. I did say it provided good legal advice 