Workplace injury and family ties Hi,
I need a little advice for my daughter and her husband. My son in law works for my husband’s company in California. A few days ago he fell off a 12 foot ladder on the job site and broke both of his heel bones. He has coverage through Workmen’s Comp. and Aflac as well as regular medical insurance. He is having surgery this week and will be in a wheelchair for at least four months with full recovery expected to take nine months or more. Not really knowing how to navigate all this with the hospitals, doctors, insurance, disability etc I googled ‘what to do if you’ve been injured on the job’ but all that came up were lawyers. Are there any instructions out there or maybe advocates that could assist her in what steps to take or is it mandatory to hire a lawyer?  This is really going to be a difficult journey for their little family as they have three very young children and my daughter also works. Thanks for any ideas you may have.  Do you have a specific question? Is it necessary to hire a lawyer or are there some other kind of advocates out there that can help her navigate all of this? When you file a workman's comp an adjuster is assigned to the case to help. You're not being specific about what you need to navigate or why a lawyer would be necessary to your case. Most people who file workman's comp don't get lawyers. Okay, good to know. As I said, when I googled “what to do if you’ve been injured on the job” the only thing that came up were lawyers. I know they did get a caseworker from the insurance company but that’s not the same as having an advocate.   I was really just looking for a list of things to do. 
Thank you Gotcha. Well yeah it's pretty straight forward, after the initial doctors visit you'll want to get ahold of the adjuster, they will make sure you get in the paperwork that let's them handle the medical bills and have access to those records, and they continue to be your resource until the doctor says the condition is stable, or closes the case. At that point they wrap everything up. I will say I am not entirely sure what happens exactly when work is missed because of the injury and how that gets paid out, but they do handle that too. Thanks so much 