[EU] Germany Airline denied me access to wheelchair I had a recent surgery that was an emergency I also had to fly to return for my studies. My doctor approved of my plan to fly but to require assistance while travelling and given me stamped signed written instructions for my travel plan and medication I'm supposed to carry. 


I requested assistance and wheelchair help from Lufthansa. I got assistance from the first connecting flight but on my next destination I was asked to carry  my own carry-on luggage(which contained medication, bandages, a change of clothes and my valuables like laptop, money and documents)  or miss my flight, no assistance provided. They also rudely claimed that I should have checked it in if I can't carry it and there is nothing they can do. They denied to give me assistance while also ignoring my doctors written documentation and claiming I can walk but in fact I could not lift my luggage in the overhead or carry any weight because of fear that the stitches will break. As per my doctors written advice. My doctor also instructed I should not be standing for longer than 10-15 minutes. Their solution suggested to me was to ask other passengers to help me or take another flight. I'm not supposed to stand for longer than 10 minutes, yet because I can walk  10 meters they denied me any assistance. 


I had to put myself at risk, stress and harm while ignoring all my pleas for assistance while traveling and I'm beyond pissed at how rude they were. I look a relatively healthy 24 year old but I don't know or understand their reasoning behind this behavior. Is there anything at all I can do? 


My stitches are hurting after being forced to carry my luggage. 


All I was trying to do was not risk my recovery. I even feel embarrassed or sad being pushed around in a wheelchair. But it's better than having to be restitched like a rag doll. 


I have read up the EU law regarding traveling people with disabilities or reduced mobility and seems to favor me. Where do I complain? is it worth it?  
>Where do I complain?

 To the airline? So far I've only found a little bit of EU regulation to assist with European travel.

http://www.reducedmobility.eu/people-with-reduced-mobility-travel-rights.html

copied from the website:
PRM Duties
 
In order to protect your rights or the rights of the person with reduced mobility traveling, one must give the air carrier notification of the individual's specific needs no less than 48 hours before the published time of departure of the flight.
 
This can be done by contacting your travel agent or the air carrier directly. Some airlines allow passengers the ability to request assistance via their web sites' electronic features when booking online.
 
Depending on the extent of required assistance airlines identify passengers with reduced mobility with the following codes:
 
WCHR. The passenger can ascend/descend steps and make own way to from cabin seat but requires wheelchair for distance to/from aircraft, i.e. across ramp, gate or to mobile lounge as appropriate. 
 
WCHS. Passenger cannot ascend/descend steps, but can make own way to from cabin seat; requires wheelchair for distance to from aircraft or mobile lounge and must be carried up down steps.
 
WCHC. Passenger totally immobile; requires wheelchair to/from aircraft/mobile lounge and must be carried up/down steps and to from cabin seat.
 
Air carriers may require medical clearance by their medical office in the following cases:
 
a) Passenger suffers from any disease which can be contagious and infectious;
 
b) Passenger may develop abnormal behavior or physical condition because of his or her underlying condition, which could have an adverse effect on welfare and comfort of other passengers and or the flight crew; 
 
c) Passenger would require medical attention and or medical equipment to maintain their health during the flight;
 
d) Passenger might have their medical condition aggravated during or because of the flight.
 
Passengers have the duty and responsibility to comply with medical clearance request. Failure to comply may result in denied boarding.
 
However, people with reduced mobility who only require assistance at the airport, or in embarking or disembarking the aircraft shall not be subjected to medical clearance. It is unlawful for an air carrier to seek medical clearance from PRM requesting the above assistance.
 
PRM Rights
 
These rights apply to all European domestic flights, All U.S. domestic flights, flights from and to the United States of America irrespective of the nationality of the air carrier, flights from the European Union to all other destinations and vice versa operated by European air carriers. 
 
Please note: when traveling with a non U.S. or European air carrier to destinations other than the EU or the USA your rights come under the protection (or not) by the national law of carrier's country of origin.
 
At the airport terminal:
 
* Assistance to move from a designated arrival point within the airport terminal to the check-in counter;
 
* Assistance with personal and baggage check-in process;
 
* Assistance to move from the check-in counter to the aircraft, with completion of emigration, customs and security screening. 
 
* Assistance to board the aircraft with the provision of lifts, wheelchairs or other assistance needed, as appropriate.
 
On board the aircraft:
 
* Assistance to move from the aircraft door to your seat, help to store and retrieve baggage to and from the overhead locker.
 
* Assistance in moving from your seat to the toilet.
 
* Assistance to move from your seats to the aircraft door.
 
When leaving the aircraft:
 
* Assistance to disembark from the aircraft, with the provision of lifts, wheelchairs or other assistance needed, as appropriate.
 
* Assistance to go from the aircraft to the baggage hall and retrieve baggage, with completion of immigration and customs procedures.
 
* Assistance to move from the baggage hall to a designated arrival area within the airport terminal building.
 
Inside the airport terminal, when taking an onward connection:
 
* Assistance to reach connecting flights when in transit, with assistance on the air and land sides and within and between terminals as needed.
 
In addition to the above, PRMs shall receive the following services:
 
* To be assisted by an accompanying person who can provide the necessary assistance in the airport and with embarking and disembarking.
 
* Ground handling of all necessary mobility equipment, including equipment such as electric wheelchairs subject to notification of at least 48 hours prior to the time of departure of the flight.
 
* Transport free of charge of up to two pieces of mobility equipment per disabled person or person with reduced mobility, including electric wheelchairs, subject to notification of at least 48 hours prior to the time of departure of the flight.
 
* Carriage free of charge of recognised assistance dogs in the cabin, subject to national regulations.
 
*To be seated next to your accompanying carer whenever possible (mandatory if PRM is a minor).
 
* To the temporary replacement of damaged or lost mobility equipment.
 
Please note: people with reduced mobility or travel disability must receive the above assistance. It is unlawful of an EU or U.S based air carrier (or any other air carrier flying from and to the United States of America) or airport managing company or their third party service providers to deny the above assistance in part or as a whole.
 
What happens when things go wrong
 
More often than not, people with reduced mobility are subject to discrimination and embarrassment when traveling by air. Because of intersecting and overlapping legislations there is no single model to complain about an alleged infringement of laws protecting the rights of PRM. The section "PRM Rights: How to Complain" provides information and advice on the subject.
 
 
Notes and References:
 
The content of this page is for information and guidance only. The content of this page shall not be treated, seen or considered as legal advice. If you need legal advice, please contact a solicitor.
 
EU Regulation 1107/2006 (opens a new window)
U.S. Department of Transportation 14 CFR Part 382 (opens a new window)
IATA Resolution 700 (opens a new window) Did you call the airport ahead of time to ask if such assistance was available? And if so, how to arrange it? I don't know what happened, but generally, airline/airport employees are super busy at any given time. You expecting everyone else to stop what they are doing to assist you (out of the blue without pre-arranging it) may have been the problem. Certainly, I don't condone rude behavior, but it seems you could have called ahead. Further, a "doctor's note" means nothing: anybody can print anything on their computer. Did they know ahead of time that you'd need help or after you had arrived at the airport? You did not inform them >48h before your flight that you need special accommodations and therefore received only partial assistance. I can somewhat understand your reasoning, but ultimately you can't just assume that every airport and airline can accommodate any number of mobility-impaired people without prior notice. http://www.caa.co.uk/Passengers/PRM/Passengers-with-disabilities-and-reduced-mobility/   Civil Aviation Authority website about where to complain about disability services. This might be a good place to start.
 I will be doing that but I have a very strong feeling that it will come to nothing.  Not sure why you were just downvoted. I flew Lufthansa recently and they [request](http://www.lufthansa.com/us/en/Travellers-with-special-needs) that you inform them of any special need when/after you book. It could be the staff on that first connecting flight were just more accommodating to his needs but without the actual request, the people on the second flight might have thought he was being trying to game the system by boarding first or get better seating, esp after seeing him walk a fair distance. 

As airline employees whose primary job is customer service, the way they spoke to him was unacceptable and he can probably kick up a fuss to get some miles. Not sure there is much else he can do. When I checked in, I in formed them for all flight legs I will be needing assistance this happened in the middle of my trip.  Start with the airline.  

Then move on to regulators.   I don't even pay attention to downvotes. I understand that most people on this sub are not even lawyers or even remotely knowledgeable enough to give proper legal advice. Rather, they treat this sub as if it were a relationship sub, or whatthelawshouldbe sub. 


 Actually there is nothing to game in the system. Its worse flying with wheelchair in some aspects. You can't shop around you can't do anything you would normally do when on a wheelchair that you would do in a  normal  airport. You enter the plane first but you board last, usually 10-15 minutes after everyone is gone. They just leave you in one place between flights usually at your gate and you sit there waiting for  hours. You just don't stand on the line and instead you sit through it. But if there is someone to game the system to have constant looks of curiosity as to why you are in a wheelchair that can be uncomfortable for most people maybe you do have a mental disability/psychopathy if you try to "game" the system so a wheelchair can in some way be justified. I meant when you booked your tickets, not when you got to the airport. Telling them when you got there is not calling ahead to make arrangements.  Again, I do not condone their behavior, and they could have asked for their supervisor if they couldn't stop what they were doing.

Is this even a legal issue? Does the EU provide legal rights to random people showing up at the airport with a piece of paper purportedly from a doctor which requires the airport/airlines to provide special assistance? I am not knowledgeable about EU laws. Maybe someone else can address that. I was speculating their perspective. Naturally being in a wheelchair isn't everyone's idea of comfort or ease. Yes if you read the comments they have to provide with assistance at no extra cost. This is standard procedure I know it because my mother is disabled and needs this every time while traveling Are you seriously implying that anyone could ever think that being in a wheelchair is an "idea of comfort or ease"?

Is this yet again a case of Anglo-American "disabled people are lazy exaggerating leeches who make things up for attention" mega-bullshit? From the prior comments, it looks like you have to give them 48 hours notice (admission: I didn't read past that point).  I did not imply that at all. 

It sound like you want to get on a soapbox. I am not interested. Take it to r/Vent.  There most certainly are people that try to fake a disability in airports with the idea of skipping lines etc. I'm not sure why this is so outrageous for you, shitty people exist and dumb people exist, sometimes these traits intersect. 