Can you get a DUI on a Knee Scooter [NV] This is a completely dumb question, but I've heard of people getting DUI's on bikes and even motorized wheelchairs so I figured I'd ask.

 I will be taking a couple night trip to Laughlin, Nevada to do the normal thing gamble, drink and enjoy myself. I have a broken leg and will not be full weight bearing before my trip. I mostly use crutches right now, but I get worn out with them after about 50-100 feet of travel. 

On Google street view it looks like a lot of the casinos are pretty well spaced so I'll be bringing my knee scooter to get around easier, as it will be August and hot out. If I get intoxicated while I'm out and getting around could a cop stop me and give me a DUI for using my scooter? No, but you could get public intoxication charges. 
You aren’t operating a vehicle of transportation such as a car or a bike. You are using medical assistance more similar to a wheelchair or crutches.  Manual knee scooter? Like the Drive ones? No. Not dui. Maybe public intoxication.  It's been years since I have been to Laughlin but the casinos are REALLY spaced out. They have a shuttle bus that just cost a couple bucks that runs up and down the strip. Do that instead. It's way too hot to even walk to the casino next door  Nevada is one state where you really don't have to worry about Public Intoxication charges much.  Yes, they exist, yes, it can happen, but it's pretty rare. You'd have to make a scene or endanger someone/thing for that to happen, generally.  They never want to harass a tourist.  

If you are coming to drink/gamble, it's pretty easy to just stay in your resort/casino and do everything you want to do without ever going outside. Pretty sure you can drink on the streets in Laughlin near the casinos though? Someone feel free to correct me on that if things have changed. Push with the good leg. Disorderly conduct (misdemeanor) as well, if you tend to get disorderly in public when drunk. Sounds like a plan. Thanks for the advice! No you've jinxed OP and he'll end up getting a DUI while putting around inside a casino on his push scooter.  Sure, same as Vegas - but that's not the same as public intoxication. If you're making a scene or obviously intoxicated even on the strip you'll get a charge. I imagine Laughlin would be the same.  Drive is a manufacturer. I know the one you mean.  I don’t know the law, but when I sprained my foot I got a knee scooter to get around campus. It was so worth it! Crutches were miserable on my hands.  And honestly,  those scooters, intoxication,  and crowds are a recipe for a fall. Make a plan with your friends for how they are going to help you stay out of trouble.  Consider whether a wheelchair will allow you more freedom to enjoy yourself.  Standing is better socially (people really do tend to ignore you in a wheelchair),  but sitting is easier to balance when drunk.  
 Don't you put that black magic on me! I'm clearly not doing English well today.  My crutches murder my hands. I went to Costco with a friend the other day and sincerely regretted not grabbing a motorized cart.  Redditing under the influince? Haha! Nope, just lack of sleep. So...typical redditing.  