CA My disabled tenant is demanding 4 months extension of tenancy as "reasonable accomodation" before he will move. tl;dr Are owner-occupied dwellings exempt from providing "reasonable accomodation" in California? Is extra time in the unit a "reasonable accomodation" in the first place?

Our house has a flat upstairs and a separate, legal apartment downstairs. We have had the same tenant there for over 4 years. We intend to have our daughter move into the apartment, and consequently gave our tenant, 'John', 60-day notice to end his tenancy. The notice set January 15th as the final day of tenancy. 

John has a medical condition which gives him a disabled status. He has secured legal representation. His attorney has written us to state that under the ADA, John must be granted "reasonable accommodation" by his landlord (us), because 
1. John is disabled, 
2.  John has stated to his doctor that he needs an additional 4 1/2  months past the scheduled end of tenancy to be able to secure a new residence.
3. His physician has written him a note that states that his disability would make it difficult for him to find a new residence, and also to move, and that he agrees that the 4 1/2 month additional time in the apartment is needed for his patient's well being.

My questions are these:

1. The federal government's handbook on "reasonable accomodation" under the Fair Housing Act (https://www.justice.gov/sites/default/files/crt/legacy/2010/12/14/joint_statement_ra.pdf) says that owner-occupied dwellings of 4 units or less are exempt from having to provide "reasonable accomodation". John's attorneys state that the California's Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA) does not have the same exemption, but only "allows a narrower exemption for owner-occupied single-family houses where a single roomer or boarder lives within the household and the owner does not make any discriminatory statements". 
Who is correct?

2. Is additional time in a tenancy accepted by California courts as "reasonable accommodation"? The examples given for accommodation typically have to do with making minor modifications of the property (adding a ramp, etc.) or of the administrative policy (allowing rent to be paid by mail instead of in person, etc.). 

I would appreciate the help of anyone who is knowledgeable in these matters.

Edit/Update-

'John's' medical condition is that he has a non-malignant growth that in worst case situations can be severely debilitating if it grows around a vital organ. However he has boasted how he is such a good patient, he hasn't had to have treatment for years. In addition, thus condition does not prevent him from working in his garden, riding a bicycle or walking a quarter mile up hill, carrying groceries, when his car is not running. 1. I suspect that both of you are correct. There's no conflict there: you can be exempt from the FHA but still covered by California state law.

2. That's ultimately a question for the courts. It may depend on the nature of the disability and on the tenant's conduct during the tenancy, as well as the amount of notice you gave of the termination of the tenancy. I _suspect_ the answer could turn out to be "no," but the litigation to get there may not be cheap.

Since your tenant is represented, you should be, too. Call the California Bar Association and get a referral. The costs are, effectively, insurance against losing a disability lawsuit. Talk to a lawyer.  Or you can reach out to one of the many Landlord Tenant groups in California.  (Which one depends on your location within the state.)

I suspect that is not a reasonable accommodation, because moving is not physically strenuous when other people move your shit.  I am fascinated by the idea that a physician would write a note that 4 1/2 months is needed for the patient's well being. You actually saw that note, and called the physician to verify this is what he wrote?  (That smells really wrong.)

BUT litigation is expensive.  You should probably come to some sort of agreement with your tenant. I know it can be a good deal harder to find accommodation for someone in a wheelchair, for instance.  The percentage of truly wheelchair accessible housing is quite low compared to the larger market. Of course, the actual number of wheelchair users is correspondingly low, but it's always tough.  4.5 months seems quite a bit excessive.  

If it were me, I would have told them that the original notice stands and he must be out by the 15th.  Be prepared to file official eviction papers as soon as the 15th hits, because I doubt he'll be out by then.  Then he can explain to the judge why he needs 4.5 extra months to move, and the judge can decide if that's truly warranted or not.  

(That's just what I would do.) >John has a medical condition which gives him a disabled status.

What's his medical condition? Just because his lawyer or doctor says he's "disabled" doesn't mean that he is actually disabled under the ADA. 

I don't see how six months notice of moving out is a reasonable demand. Why does he need so much notice?  Can't he start looking for a new place now and then let you know in 4-6 weeks what efforts he has made and whether he has found another place?

Having a disability is not Kryptonite against a landlord ending your lease.
 Please review the [Landlord Tenant Questions](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/wiki/landlord) section of the /r/LegalAdvice Wiki for common questions and answers regarding landlord tenant issues.  If this does not apply to your question, please disregard

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.* [removed] Is there a local Landlord / Tenant group you can contact? They should know the answer to this. We have a lawyer. Unfortunately,  Landlord-Tenant issues when combined with ADA issues and  the Section 8 HUD program have strained his ability to say who has the law on their side, my tenant or us. I am hoping someone with genuine experience and expertise in this variant of the law may have insight. This smells of "we'll leave when we want to, or you can try to evict me and we'll leave when we want to." I am not averse to coming to some sort of agreement. We originally offered $ to help move, and later when he demanded more time, we offered to meet him half-way, but he is holding out for the full "recommendation" of his physician. Part of the problem is that his legal representation is free (legal aid) while mine has cost me a couple thousand already. I don't know what a jury trial would run if he held out for one. Plus, the ADA is a big hammer. I would love to find a definitive ruling on the "owner-occupied" exemption. Thank you for your comment, see update for answer to question. YOUR COMMENT HAS BEEN REMOVED. It appears you are either trying to add more information to your post or trying to reply to a comment. If you are trying to add more information, please edit it into your post. If you are trying to reply to another comment you wrote this in the wrong place - press reply on the comment and reply there. *If you feel this was in error, message the [moderators.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice)*

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.* Sure.  But can you imagine a context in which a genuine doctor's prescription is "give him 4 more months without moving"?  I can't. Doctors will write pretty much anything patients ask them to write.  That doesn't mean the patient is entitled to that.  Absent knowing any other details, I'd say tell him he has 30 more days to get out, i.e. February 15.  That's 90 days total notice. If he wants to sue you, so be it.

 Just because he's claiming ADA does not mean that he's guaranteed to be ruled in his favor.  There have been cases where someone sues for X, and gets a compromise Y instead.  Some places get sued for things like ramps, and get like two years to do it.   So mileage varies.  which update, I haven't seen it 