Assaulted in the hospital parking ramp trying to help two woman being attacked (one in a wheelchair) Minnesota — Using a throwaway to help protect my privacy, but I am wondering how I should proceed in this situation. Sorry for the long description: 

About 2 1/2 weeks ago, I was loading up my kids in the lower level of the hospital underground parking ramp after an appointment. I also happen to work at this same hospital. I heard a commotion and saw a middle aged guy hitting and pushing a woman and a woman in a wheelchair. Without even thinking I ran over there to help. She said she called security and asked me to try to get the woman in the wheelchair to a safe place. As soon as I tried to step in,  he started hitting and pushing me. Eventually I was able to get the woman in the wheelchair into the room where the elevators were. He went back and forth between trying to get the door open (I had to use all my strength to keep the door closed), hitting the woman still outside the room, and eventually hitting another older guy that had walked up. Security wasnt coming, a couple minutes later a guy got off the elevator and hit the emergency security button as well. Eventually,  the guy got into the room because he was way stronger and he grabbed my arms and started pushing me again. At this point it had been at least 5-10 minutes and my kids were alone in the car, a couple of other people had showed up, so I ran out of the room, got in my car, and took off (my two young kids were hysterically crying). My arms were tingling from him hitting me so much, I had a thumb bruise on my forearm, a massive bruise by my elbow, and left wrist pain. Once I got home and the kids were occupied, I called security who completely blew me off, didnt even take my name, wouldnt tell me about the situation except that security did arrive. 

When I arrived to work 4 days later (I had some pre-planned days off), it was clear my wrist was injured as any heavy lifting significantly hurt. I decided to call security back and this time they transferred me to the investigator who's first question was "are you the woman in the red shirt" (he has reviewed the security tapes). He had apologized that I was in this situation and that I went above and beyond to help. He explained that security was delayed because the emergency call somehow came in incorrectly as a security transportation request which is lower priority, they were doing morning huddle, and they couldnt see or hear anything when the emergency button was pushed. He said the assaulter was developmentally delayed and ended up assaulting two security staff as well. He took my statement, wrote it up in the report. I went to urgent care and was put in a splint and was not allowed to do any lifting with my arm which meant I could not work. 

I was off work for about a week, had to call 3 times to get into see ortho in a timely manner. I tried to file a police report with the city police who told me that it wasnt appropriate because the hospital police would be handling this and this guy needs more mental help, not criminal charges. A week later I got cleared to return to work by the ortho doctors (although I wasnt supposed to do any lifting that causes pain, I have just been working despite any lifting does cause pain). My official diagnoses is trauma induced ECU tendonitis (likely from having my wrist in extreme extension while trying to keep the door closed). 

My boss and I tried to get the situation covered under workmans comp under the pretense "even though I wasn't working, I stepped into help because I am an employee there" but this was denied. 

I called patient rep who said they would see what they can do, fast forward 2 1/2 weeks later, they told me they would mail me a "claim form" which would be reviewed by the HCMC attorneys and I would hear back in 30-45 days. They were pretty dismissive on the phone. 

**My question is:** because I got assaulted on hospital property and security admitted they didnt respond in a timely manner, can I get my wages and medical bills reimbursed? I am less concerned about my medical bills because they are only about 50 dollars after co-pays, but my lost wages are about $1500. Do I just file the claim request that patient reps sends me or would it be beneficial to get a lawyer (knowing that lawyers cost money)? Anything specific I can mention in the claim request about legal merit to get my wages reimbursed to help improve my chance of it getting improved?

&#x200B;

Thank you so much for any advice you can provide. Every step in this process so far has been really frustrating. It would be nice to know if its worth all the trouble. 

&#x200B; A lot of things going on here so I would recommend consulting with a PI attorney if you are seriously injured.

I can't tell you whether or not it is worth pursuing.  That is up to you.

General legal information that you will need to know if you are looking to pursue a claim without attorney representation is that in the state of MN you will need to prove a breach of duty on behalf of the hospital.  Most states would require you to show that the incident was foreseeable and that the hospital acted unreasonably in some way.  What makes things more complicated is the security may not actually be hospital employees, but a subcontractor.  If that is the case their insurance may try to transfer the claim from you to the security company.

Do you know why the security call came in as a transportation request?  That may be vital to your claim/case.  

Also, I would recommend securing information from your doctor that advised you to miss work as soon as possible.  The insurance company may start pushing back a little if they see your missed wage claim comes directly after 4 days off. sorry for the late reply, thank you for your comment. It was really helpful. (i had created a new account for the question and then forgot my log in etc). I ended up submitting the paperwork to the HCMC lawyers who will review my claim. If they dont approve it I am just going to cut my losses and move on. the amount of money isnt worth getting a lawyer, etc. Thanks again.  You are welcome.  Good luck. 