[Arkansas] Girlfriend and I having to move for medical reasons. What happens next? Can we get out of our lease early? What is the best course of action if the apartment complex doesn't let us go? When my girlfriend and I first moved into our place in LR, we thought the small space would work out okay. Over the past year of our lease though, it hasn't been that way. My girlfriend suffers from severe depression and anxiety, and is wheelchair bound. The problems became a serious issue months ago with anxiety attacks for her becoming more frequent due to being in confined spaces. This is also in addition to her not being able to even get into the bathroom because the doorway is half the width of her wheelchair, so she has to switch to a different chair, just to get into the bathroom. As such, she's contracted a UTI every month like clockwork and is physically unable to shower without my supervision because of a fear of falling.

Today was the first day we actually had time to get the letter from her physician because I've been working 12 hour days five days a week at my job. We only have about three more months on our lease and no current complex in Little Rock is accepting applications until about May or so. Also, I fear the complex may fight us getting out of our lease early. What can we do legally that allows us to get a new place to live quickly and also get out of our current place ASAP? We're going to ask around for lawyers when I get home today, but I need some background information to work with first. Why would you think the complex is responsible for your girlfriend's medical issues? 

Unless your lease contains a termination clause that lays out the penalty for terminating the lease, you will likely end up having to pay rent throughout the remainder of the lease.  Your girlfriends condition will not get you out of the lease. You can move if you want, but you will be paying for both apartments for a few months until your old lease is up. There's nothing stopping you from finding a new place and moving out tomorrow.  Only thing is that you may be paying rent on two places for the next 3 months.   > This is also in addition to her not being able to even get into the bathroom because the doorway is half the width of her wheelchair

I think the ~~ADA~~ Fair Housing Act requires that wheelchairs be able to maneuver in bathrooms. You could mention this to your landlord and give them the option of accommodating her disability by widening the doorway, or letting you break the lease early. [deleted] > she has to switch to a different chair, just to get into the bathroom

It sounds like a wheelchair fits in the bathroom just fine, just not the wheelchair she prefers to use.  The ADA doesn't not apply to private homes and apartments. There may be certain HUD and FHA guidelines that apply, but it depends on how old the building is.  I was wondering the same thing.  We did check and we thought it would work with her second chair inside the bathroom, buteven her second chair barely fits. I interpreted that as her having to leave the wheelchair outside the doorway, and switch to a chair inside the bathroom. When a family member of mine couldn't fit into the bathroom, we used a wheelchair/office chair workaround. No, the chair she uses to use the bathroom is an older chair with the wheels at the bottom of long legs with no way to maneuver or push yourself around in. [This is the closest to what fits in the bathroom](http://www.walgreens.com/store/c/nova-steel-transport-chair-319b-19-inch/ID=prod3487418-product?ext=gooHome_Health_Care_Solutions_PLA_Transport_Chairs_prod3487418_pla&adtype=pla&kpid=sku3486261&sst=0406c1ea-d107-4add-bb56-70cb3330bd48) and it still runs into the sides of the door frame and the door. My bad, it was the Fair Housing Act. [deleted] What year was the building built in? Did you request a handicap unit before moving in?  Yea, and since we don't know the age of the building, we can't say whether or not that even applies.  What's a provision? I think the building was built somewhere in the mid-late 90's and we asked for a handicap unit and this was what they gave us. To them, handicapp acessibility is being on the ground floor and that's it. This was the best layout we found with them and we thought it could work with her extra chair. [deleted] The lease never mentioned breaking it early. 