The hospital destroyed my child's brand new wheelchair My daughter was born without the use of her legs, and now that she's old enough, we just gifted her a brand new, reinforced and mechanized top of the line wheelchair that cost me $8000 and was her favorite thing in the world.

I don't know what to do at this point... the hospital told us it was incinerated due to it being part of a hazardous breach of some kind.. they told me that there was nothing they could do and then hung up on me as I complained

This is so heartbreaking What kind of hazardous breach? What kind of hospital? Is your daughter a long term resident there? This story needs much more detail if you want useful help. I agree with /u/panic_bread. You didn't provide any relevant detail whatsoever. You should also talk to your insurance provider, because you did get insurance coverage for your $8,000 investment, right?  Believe it or not, it may actually be covered under your homeowners' policy, as crazy as that sounds.  

You do need to let us know where this happened.  Based on JUST the information you provided, I would guess that as long as you or your daughter didn't cause this "hazardous breach," the hospital should be talking to you about making this right.  But the easier route may actually be through your homeowners' policy - make a claim, suck up the $500 deductible (I'm guessing), and continue to care for your daughter.  

I do not like that you and your kiddo have been treated this way.  Get us more details. Find a lawyer with medical malpractice experience in your area. They'll be familiar with the hospital and may have handled a similar incident before. Talk to your insurance agents as well and see if it may be covered by one of your policies.  How did the hospital get your wheelchair? [removed] Also a location. State/province, or country if you're in a place that doesn't have them. I'll bet it's covered under homeowners/rental insurance.  I was shocked at what was covered under mine.  A jewelry store lost my engagement ring (temporarily) and my agent told me to submit a claim and the insurance company would pursue damages from the store.  Thankfully, the ring was found before that happened. Hey, dumbass, please take your trolling elsewhere. Based on [a very quick glance at your comment history](https://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/3jjhsm/jonathan_toews_regarding_patrick_kane_situation/cuq0r4y), no one in this sub would be even slightly interested in your 'help.' > I don't know what to do at this point

equates to "What do I do?" Has LocationBot died or something? I haven't seen it around here for a while now. Might not be covered up to the full 8k cost, but there definitely would be *some* coverage there. My renter's insurance would probably give me $1,000 coverage on that, from what I recall. To be fair, Goose said the OP needed to answer questions, not ask them LocationBot went on holiday for a while.  Its been semi-replaced by ZapopaBot, which, unsurprisingly enough, only works when it wants to. I hope it swears as much.  I think it might be KimDavis Bot. It don't do Locations for Your Kind. 