Off duty cop harassed my wheelchair bound friend [NY] I apologize for any weird formatting/mobile/etc. 

I live in New York City, and two of my friends and I were visiting Governor’s Island for an engagement party. One of my friends, who is in a wheelchair, needed to use the restroom; unfortunately, the accessible stall in the women’s room was broken. A staff member escorted us to the men’s room, where the four of us waited patiently until it was empty so my friend could use the accessible stall in there. While she was in there, a man started to walk in. I asked politely if he could wait a moment (“excuse me sir, could you wait a second”) as my friend was still in there. He stopped for a moment and I thought it was okay, and then started to head back in and asked “why, is there a girl?” I said yes and he said “why” again and made a comment about how “all sorts of people” are using the bathrooms. He went in before I could respond.

While he was in there, my friend was still using the restroom. He began to say things like how he was a cop, and he could arrest her for being in the men’s room. Please remember that she had no other option and was escorted there by a staff member; also, although this is irrelevant to the issue, the bathroom laws here in New York are less strict. She explained the women’s restroom’s stall was broken and that she was in a wheelchair. He said he didn’t care. As we were leaving he followed us, all while berating us by calling us “dykes” and telling us to “suck [his] dick.” 

While luckily the situation did not escalate, it was still a very jarring experience as we didn’t expect an officer of the law to behave like this. We remained shaken for much of the day and debated reporting this behavior but weren’t sure where to even start. Unfortunately he was obviously not from here - he was wearing a shirt that referenced his police department’s county and had a very thick southern accent - so we don’t even know if reporting it to a local station would do anything. 

I’m wondering if there’s anything we can do, and if there’s any point? Does anyone have any sort of experience with this sort of scenario? you can file a complaint it to his department if you remember it, but that’s about as far as you can go. he couldn’t have arrested her, cops don’t have power of arrest outside of their jurisdiction, unless state mandated otherwise. most of the time, verbal abuse isn’t illegal.  >as we didn’t expect an officer of the law to behave like this.

Probably because he's not a cop, just some jerk.
 Yeah, I did attempt to do that but didn’t receive a response. I assumed it wasn’t totally illegal for him to  follow us like that, but it was fairly traumatizing.  Definitely not a cop.  Unfortunately he was/is a cop. He was wearing a shirt referencing his county, so I looked up their department. I found his photo on the department’s website.  Yeah, no police department has ever hired an asshole. You should definitely file a complaint then. Most agencies have a code of conduct for their officers even they are off duty for situations exactly like this.  