University employee damaged my gf's wheelchair. Can we ask their department to help pay to fix it? [PA] Hoo boy, this is a doozy. Throwaway for obvious reasons. X-posted to other forums in an attempt to gather advice; names changed to protect all parties involved and for clarity.

My GF (Beth\*) has cerebral palsy and uses a wheelchair to get around. Power wheelchair during the school year, manual chair when she goes home or visits me on breaks. She left her chair with the department that handles disability accommodations on campus (one of the major selling points of this school is that it has all kinds of special things in place for students with disabilities, e.g. a dedicated certified wheelchair mechanic).

She got her chair back today, and it was missing the tailor-made cushion. The employee that released it to us didn't know what had happened to the original, and the replacement was obviously wrong size/shape/thickness. 

The employee (Judy\*) who she'd released the chair to in May was fired over the summer for unknown reasons. Beth was able to reach her, and Judy confirmed she had disposed of the original cushion because it smelled strongly of urine and was allegedly unsanitary. (We have this via text and are saving it.) We've done the research, and a used cushion with comparable specs is over $100 on eBay. Beth is on disability and the start of the semester is already a tough time for her financially, because of books and fees and other large bills that come due.

In addition, Beth and most of her friends who also use wheelchairs have been going to Judy for several years for wheelchair repairs. Judy is **not** the certified mechanic. Judy has stripped several essential bolt channels in the armrest, which Beth has taken to her multiple times to fix. Multiple bolts are missing and have obviously been replaced, but with smaller bolts that work loose with minimal effort. As it stands right now, I've identified where all the pieces go, but Beth's armrest will not be able to reattach to the chair until the certified mechanic supplies the missing bolts. We are going to him tomorrow or Monday.

The question is, since the university agreed to house the chair for the summer, was it obligated to return the chair and all associated parts in the exact condition that they received them? Can we ask the department to provide a correctly sized cushion from their stock of spare parts (yes, they have these) or if they don't have one, to help with the cost of replacing the cushion their employee destroyed? Do we request reparations if the mechanic is unable to reattach the armrest or restore the chair to full functionality? Thank you for your time. Why have students been going to Judy instead of the certified mechanic? >The question is, since the university agreed to house the chair for the summer, was it obligated to return the chair and all associated parts in the exact condition that they received them?

That certainly sounds like a bailment with an obligation to return it in the same condition, but IANAL. Your story is really confusing regarding Judy. It sounds like Beth and other students are doing things outside the codified process, and that's going to be a problem. Even if it's more convenient or has been working in the past.

I am certainly sympathetic to disabilities that require accommodations, but ADA guidelines and 508 (the government guidelines, whatever number) make people's jobs very difficult at times and people lose jobs over not following the letter of the law. It sounds like Beth and her cohorts aren't exactly sticking to their half of that equation.

Personally, I would start with the department and tell them you received a chair not in the same condition you left it. Document what you can and how you followed the process, I would expect them to eat a $100 cost (or else, you and Beth should probably work on a way to have $100 saved for an emergency in the future, disability or not...). If they don't, you may need to tread lightly and speak to the ombudsman in person, then off campus counsel.  You can certainly ask.  If the disabilities office doesn't help, then go to the ombuds office or whatever other resources there are on campus.  Don't make this into a legal issue. Judy was fired... was she originally part of the department for disability accommodations?  I think it depends on what kind of agreement the school has with its students.

A standard agreement may have a clause about not being responsible for any damage for items left in their care.

Unless it specifically says the school will be responsible for damages caused by their employees,I feel like this is a situation that calls for being nice to the school and requesting rather than demanding (suing for) a replacement or repair. I have no idea. I'm trying to figure that out. Beth says she was told to by other disabled students - they have a bit of a subculture that attempts to bypass official resources in favor of DIY solutions. 😑😑 Minimal care bailment since the University received no benefit from storing the wheel chair. Hence if the University wasn't negligent & didn't intentionally break the wheel chair they could be fine. Thank you for the advice! We both have decent-sized emergency funds, but Beth is fiercely independent and she doesn't like throwing money at problems if she thinks she can solve it other ways (e.g. negotiating a replacement from available spare parts). >_> Why wouldn't you make it a legal issue if they refuse to replace? Yes. She provided a medical service to the students, for which she was trained. She also liased with incoming students re: accommodations, oversaw assignment and customization of accessible housing, and for all intents and purposes, was the face of the department to the disabled student population. I don't want to say too much more.  If Beth was supposed to house it with a mechanic but did not, this could be more difficult for you.  IANAL, but I have to imagine losing a custom cushion and changing bolts that had no reason to be removed or replaced in the first place would be considered negligent.  But they didn't just store the property. They intentionally made changed that damaged the property without consent of the owner.  Don't want to. This is more of a " do we have a leg to stand on here" type of thing. Thanks! Two reasons.  First of all, it's unclear what degree of care the university owed the student.  Considering that the student did not pay for this service, the university may not be liable unless they can be shown to be negligent.  And the second reason is that suing the university that is going to give you a degree over the cost of a cushion is generally not a good idea. Hm. To clarify: the department is located far away from the mechanic. The department is where students (edit: are officially supposed to) leave their chairs for the summer. Judy has made changes to Beth's chair in the past, but Beth did not expect or authorize any repairs or exchanges beyond charging the chair and returning it at the beginning of the semester. I mentioned the repairs bit because Judy not only changed the cushion without informing Beth (or anyone else), she also botched what could've been an easy repair job and stripped out channels, snapped nut/washer combinations by levering them off chairs with screwdrivers (the damage implies it, and Beth has confirmed she saw Judy do it).  As an aside, that is a apt yet terrible idiom for this situation. Yes, but you said your girlfriend was told to leave it there by other students. Is that in the official guidelines put out by the school? You said the department is where they leave their chairs, but did not say if that's where they are supposed to do so. I couldn't help but think the same thing. I suppose it would be more of a cushion to sit on. 
Side note: Judy had no business messing with the chair, IANAL but I would be going to the school about the cushion and the bolts first, then escalate if necessary. I have to wonder why it was actually removed, I get the feeling Judy isn't being entirely forthcoming about what really happened here.  Okay.

Students are supposed to store their chairs at the department. 

They weren't supposed to have Judy fix their chairs.

I apologise for the confusion. Okay, thanks for the clarification. If Beth left the chair with the person she was supposed to, and a school employee damaged the chair, the school is probably responsible.  