[Oklahoma] does my apartment have to accommodate people with disabilities? So right now this is a hypothetical but I can turn into an issue later on. I live in an apartment complex on the 2nd (and top) story. The only way to get to my apartment are stairs but there is no elevator or anything like that. I have no problem using the stairs although I personally don't like the design but I was wondering if the apartment complex is supposed to have an elevator or something for people who can't use stairs. I have family that I don't see often but he can't come visit me since he can't use the stairs for being wheelchair bound.  Does my apartment have to accommodate or is it just something I'll have to deal with? They have to make reasonable accommodations. Adding an elevator for your extended family visits is not reasonable. 

Adding any elevator may not be reasonable for anyone.  Apartments usually have handicapped accessible units, but only on the 1st floor.   You can usually tell if any 1st floor unit has a lever handle instead of a door knob.     
Even a elevator is not safe for someone in a wheelchair because if there was a fire and power is lost then how would they get out?   

I dont think anyone expects any kind of reasonable accommodation for 2nd+ units.    

Basically ask to change units to one that is wheelchair accessible if it concerns you a lot.  Since you are not handicapped yourself, they will probably charge more for a 1st floor unit.  
 As the poster said below, federal law requires reasonable accommodations. The answer to your question is "no". If a wheelchair bound person wanted to rent an apartment, then they would need a ground floor apartment in this complex. So long as the LL has ramps which allow access to the ground floor apartments, LL is fine. If you have a particular need (disabled relatives will be visiting) then it is up to you to move into a place where your relatives can visit. Ok, I don't think it was I was just wondering on what they be old have to do, if anything.  