Walmart questions disability Hi everybody, I was curious as to whether or not Walmart can ask someone what disability they have. Yesterday I was with a friend at Walmart who recently had knee surgery from a football injury and he was in pain so he decided to ride around on one of the scooters. He was stopped by one of the employees and was asked what his disability was. Is that legal? I truly don’t believe it’s their business. This was in Missouri.  I'm assuming your friend was rather young since it was a football injury? Many stores have a problem with kids being assholes and riding around in those things.

Probably the easiest thing to do is just explain that he recently had knee surgery. They can ask, you don't have to tell them but they also don't have to let you ride the scooter.  Asking questions isn't illegal. Your friend doesn't need to respond if he doesn't want to. 

No law was broken. Likely against store policy so fill free to call the manager and let them know. 

I don't know enough about mobility scooters are retail to know if they are their for ADA reasons or just courtesy's provided by Wal-Mart.  The scooters are a courtesy.  They can allow or take them away whether or not he has a disability, as they're not required to supply them.  

There's nothing to do over this in the legal realm, but that wording's 100% not policy.  If you know the employee's name, you wanna call 1800 WALMART and let them know what happened.  Bare minimum that'll get him a training conversation. It is their business. Like LITERALLY it is their business.

You are in a private business using private property. They probably deal with clowns just coming in all day long using the scooters when they have no legitimate reason, and leaving people with real disabilities without a scooter.

So what is the big deal when they ask you what your disability was? You simply say "I just had knee surgery" and they will most likely leave you alone. ---
> http://imgur.com/a/myIAb

---
*I am a bot whose sole purpose is to improve the timeliness and accuracy of responses in this subreddit.*

---
**It appears you forgot to include your location in the title or body of your post. Please update the body of your original post to include this information.**

---
***Do NOT delete this post - Instead, simply edit the post with the requested information.***

---

Author: /u/ASKINGFORAFRIENDnow

Title: **Walmart questions disability**

Original Post: 

> Hi everybody, I was curious as to whether or not Walmart can ask someone what disability they have. Yesterday I was with a friend at Walmart who recently had knee surgery from a football injury and he was in pain so he decided to ride around on one of the scooters. He was stopped by one of the employees and was asked what his disability was. Is that legal? I truly don’t believe it’s their business. 




---
LocationBot 4.0 | GitHub (Coming Soon) | [Statistics](https://locationbot.info) | [Report Issues](https://www.reddit.com/r/locationbot) Young people can have pennant dissbabiloties and need those things. Not that old ppl seem to understand this fact. Young kids can just be grabbing it for their elderly realtive out in the car. 

I'm in both of those boats depending on the day. Sometimes I'm taking one to my grandma and other days in using one bc I can't walk the entire way around the Walmart.

I'm in my early 20s and either way when I'm in the right I get glares from old people  [deleted] Usually just courtesy,  dont work at walmart but work retail.  

Ada reasons usually apply to being wheelchair compliant but not supplying the wheelchair and so on and so forth.   It isn't, though. Medical information is private and legally protected under HIPPA. *no one* is allowed to share it without the consent of the individual.


And on that note it's just *rude* to ask people abot their disability. In this case it's a temporary sports injury that'll most likely go away with time. "Ah what'd you do to yourself?" "Football." No harm no foul probably gonna discuss what team/position.


But there's another case: the permantly irreversible disabilities that happen to be invisible.

I get shit from ppl all the time for using accomadations that I'm allowed to use bc I don't "look disabled."  which whatever, right? No bc it makes me feel guilty and then I try not to use the things I need bc "I don't need it that much."(when I do.) so yes some harm and some foul.

And there was a time in my life where talking about my disability killed my self esteem for at least the rest of the day  Yes, they did for me.  Source: personal experience but not a lawyer 