My brother sued someone but he lost and was counter sued. He's disabled and has no money. How bad is this going to hurt him? My brother lives in Florida. I'm looking for advice to assist him.

My brother is disabled and uses a wheelchair. He recently sued a business for not being accessible and wheelchair friendly. The business was, it had an elevator and an accessibility ramp in the back. My brother didn't see these and he wasn't aware. The owner of the business counter sued him and his lawsuit got dismissed and he lost the one the business owner filed.

My brother doesn't have an income or a job. He's on disability and social assistance and he relies these and sometimes on income from the past lawsuits he has filed. From these when he wins he also gets his legal fees paid, but now on top of the lawsuit loss he has to pay her legal fees and his own as well. If he doesn't have any money besides what he gets from disability and social assistance can these be garnished or taken away from him? Could he declare bankruptcy? The owner is intent on collecting and so is her lawyer and I'm just looking to help my brother out and mitigate things as best he can. Thanks for any help. You know, I have a lot of sympathy for actual suffering and indignities caused by ADA compliance failure.

I have no sympathy whatsoever for professional plaintiffs who are out to make a buck, and run to the courthouse before even writing a letter to the business to see if they will take steps to solve the problem. Had your brother done that here, he wouldn't be in this mess.

He filed a frivolous lawsuit, and he got what he deserved.  >and sometimes on income from the past lawsuits he has filed.

So in other words he's a serial litigator whose luck has run out? >  Usually when he wins 

**Usually** when he wins?  How many of these lawsuits does your brother file?   >it had an elevator and an accessibility ramp in the back. My brother didn't see these and he wasn't aware.

This didn't come up before trial? Your brother's lawyer didn't investigate at all? Tell your brother that he's actually hurting other disabled people by taking money that could have been used by these businesses to become ADA-compliant and he needs to stop.

Edit: They can indeed garnish his disability. If he still has money sitting in a bank account with his name on it they can seize that. he would have to prove all the money it in came from a protected source. I have to say I'm not feeling super sorry for him though. > My brother doesn't have an income or a job. He's on disability and social assistance and he relies these and sometimes on income from the past lawsuits he has filed. From these when he wins he also gets his legal fees paid, but now on top of the lawsuit loss he has to pay her legal fees and his own as well.

what > has to pay her legal fees and his own as well

So wait a minute, are you telling me he actually went out and hired a lawyer and this wasn't like contingency? It's hard to believe they would take on a client who couldn't pay. 


Also he couldn't have double checked the business or something?

 Oh, please, someone with specific legal knowledge, please tell me that the business owner can actually easily recover this money, either from savings accounts or from future lawsuit judgment "income"?

 Karma is painful for him, isn't it? sounds like the sue happy bitch got slammed? hm.  Social Security income cannot be garnished. State disability might be able to (I don't know FL law).

If your brother files for bankruptcy, this debt is probably dischargeable. Although the creditor could try to make a 523(a)(6) claim I think it would be hard to prove the "malicious" element.

Your brother is a piece of shit for bringing this lawsuit. If he doesn't have any money then he doesn't have any money. You can't get blood from a stone and all. That said, they would be able to levy his bank account should he file additional lawsuits and win them. If they are really motivated then he isn't really "judgement proof".

Declaring bankruptcy doesn't usually clear legal judgements. If they did then rich folks would never pay legal judgements, but just strategically default whenever a ruling went against them.

While lawsuits like this are how the ADA is enforced, there's a right way and a wrong way to go about them. I'm a bit uncomfortable with how he sued before asking about a ramp. IANAL


To be clear, I have no sympathy for your brother.  But, since I have even less for the pos lawyer who facilitated your brother's crap, I suggest he talk to a malpractice attorney about suing his attorney to cover the money he owes because that pos attorney filed a suit without any merit, which is almost certainly an ethical violation, at least.


Your brother might also look into filing a fee dispute with the FL bar, if it provides that service, to get his lawyer's fees reduced or eliminated.  If not, he should refuse to pay and defend any suit filed against him for the fees.
 I completely agree.

This sort of situation is analogous to some ESA situations, imo.  It only takes a few abusing the system to ruin something that undoubtedly helps those that need it. > sometimes on income from the past lawsuits he has filed. 

Gotta love it! > sued a business for not being accessible and wheelchair friendly

and

> he relies these and sometimes on income from the past lawsuits he has filed


Seems like he makes it a habit of going to any and all businesses that he can to see if they are wheelchair accessable well, it seems like OP's brother is disabled and collects money from the government for that disability.  

whatever expenses are not covered by said disability money is gained through various successful civil actions against, what i can only assume is, multiple different organizations. It was a lawyer who took on and lost a case about handicap accessibility when there was a ramp and elevator there.  Cant expect much to make sense. Interesting question. In Florida judgment liens can be filed against real estate and personal property.  I don't know if that includes proceeds on future suits. 

But I can think of one great way to get money out of this piece of shit. I'm not going to post it here because i don't want him to get tipped off. Rest assured, any moderately competent attorney would figure it out, and perhaps even have better ideas after putting in a little bit of research.  God damn. It's clear you're not a lawyer, because that's not how any of this works.  Very similar litigious schemes occur under the FDCPA too, usually with professional plaintiffs. Nominal damages combined with reasonable attorneys fees. People see money and get greedy. it sure does seem made up, but there is the Florida tag.. Oh man I'd love a PM with that info (I think that's within the rules of the sub?).  I am hurting to hear some "Justice porn" of some sort. 

One thing is I really hope his government assistance is NOT exempt from any judgment.... Dammit. I'd like to think I'm moderately competent and you have me stumped. Yep, that what the "IANAL" means, literally - I AM NOT A LAWYER.


So, are you saying FL lawyers have no legal or ethical obligation to verify the facts and legal bases for their suits?  And it is not malpractice for a FL to pursue a baseless suit, resulting in their client suffering economic damages?  Even if it is not, is a FL lawyer who does that entitled to their fees? Yup.  For sure. 