Is this legal or is it workplace discrimination as per the ADA (NJ/USA) I happened to be going through job listings on craigslist, and I saw this. Look at the job requirements section. It doesn't apply to me, but as someone who has a quadriplegic sister and is friends with a couple disabled vets, this bothers me. A lot. Is there somewhere I can report them? Thank you.

http://cnj.craigslist.org/fbh/3978529903.html You might want to google "BFOQ" before you go around reporting people.
 well this is why i asked, because i'm not a lawyer, and i don't know if this could actually be legal. it very well might be. you might want to read an entire posting before making assumptions about people's actions. Making *assumptions* about people's actions??  You said, 

> . . . this bothers me. A lot.  Is there somewhere I can report them?

It appears the only one making an assumption was you, assuming there was something to "report" despite not having all the facts.  

You might want to try reading your *own* posts before making assumptions about people's actions. I read the whole post and I still think you need to Google BFOQ.  i'm still not a lawyer. i understand some jobs require certain physical abilities. i know it's not discrimination to say a blind person can't be a bus driver. but what does "full use of legs" have to do with making pizza? or working a cash register? the whoooooole reason i'm asking is because on every application i've ever seen, they've asked "can you physically perform this job with or without minor accommodations?" thus this does come off as possible discrimination because it outright essentially says "no disabled." if i'm wrong, then i'm wrong. but i don't know, so i asked. is that not the point of this subreddit?  >but what does "full use of legs" have to do with making pizza? 

Not being able to reach the counter. The whole place would have to be remodeled to account for a person in a wheelchair. And only the person in a wheelchair would be able to use those counters and ovens due to the height.

"reasonable" accomidation. Not ANY accomidation. 

>or working a cash register?

It says "server", so one assumes there's more to the job than working a cash register. And again, if it's not possible to accomadate a wheelchair, then it's not possible. And most pizza places are in very cramped spaces.

Plus, you said "quadriplegic" sister. As in, no use of arms or legs. I'd be very interested to know how someone with no use of their arms is going to be able to handle a cash register or serve anything. > is that not the point of this subreddit? 

The point of this sub is to give people legal information.  Being told to google BFOQ is doing just that.  You're the one who got testy. > Not being able to reach the counter. The whole place would have to be remodeled to account for a person in a wheelchair. And only the person in a wheelchair would be able to use those counters and ovens due to the height.
> "reasonable" accomidation. Not ANY accomidation.
> 

The iBot wheelchair (sadly discontinued due to insufficient demand but an applicant may have one) has a mode that elevates the user to normal standing height. This would presumably allow the use of ordinary counters. Sure, but what about maneuvering through the narrow spaces between the tables, behind the counter and around the 700 degree pizza oven, and doing so at a speed that doesn't hinder? 