[Florida] Jerk in a wheelchair sits in front of my apartment door all day long, screaming at people and listening to music from his cell phone. My landlord is dragging her feet getting anything done about this guy. He lives two doors over, and we're on the second floor, so he can't go anywhere without help. But he sits outside, sometimes leaning his wheelchair against my front door, blasting his music and screaming at people. And gets verbally aggressive when people tell him to be quiet, and then gets louder out of spite.

I haven't called the police, because I'm not sure that he's doing anything illegal that I know of, but I'm tired of it. The landlord told me she was going to figure out if he was even on the lease, but I haven't heard from her since, despite her telling me "I'll handle it today" (which was three days ago). 

I work nights, and I can't sleep. It's making me feel like I can't live comfortably in my house house. What are my options here? 

Edit: The last time I told him to be quiet, he threatened me with his friends, and said something to the effect of, "fuck you, bitch, I know where you live, and so do my homies."  If he's threatening you, that's definitely something to call the cops over. Call the cops.  Sounds like disorderly conduct. Some of his conduct sounds illegal to me.  Call the police. I should also mention that I have these times documented. I've taken videos of him playing loud music, and screaming, which can be heard very, very clearly in my video, sitting about 20 feet from the front door.  He's allowed to sit out on the stoop or sidewalk, and he's allowed to talk to people, and even be rude to them. Threatening violence or violating a noise ordinance are illegal things that action can possibly be taken on. Look up the statute that pertains to use and enjoyment.  Cite it.  Send a stern letter to landlord.  Give deadline to resolve.  You will be entitled to break your lease without repercussions if not resolved.  

Document each and every instance as proof of chronic violation.

Now, that's not to say your landlord won't keep your deposit and sue you for the remainder due under your lease.  But you would most likely prevail and get your deposit back.

You might record his outbursts and volume of his music and photograph him sitting outside your door.

A letter might move your landlord to act. Slash his tires.  While he is looking!  Then give him a day old sandwich! I haven't called the cops myself, but they've been out here before over someone else calling them, and to my knowledge, they brushed it off because the guy is in a wheelchair, and obviously not a real danger to anybody, and his "homies" are completely imaginary. Is it still a good idea to call them? Will multiple calls prompt them to do something about it?  These are my county's noise ordinances: 

>B. Use or operate within any residential zone any radio receiving set, musical instrument, phonograph, television set, or other machine or device for the producing or reproducing of sound between the hours of 10:00 p.m. of one day and 7:00 a.m. of the following day, in excess of the dBA set forth in division (G) of this section.

* At 7a-10p, it's set at 5 dBa
* At 10p-7a, it's set at 40 dBa

So I don't think he's violating any noise ordinances, but he's just being fucking annoying.  Use and enjoyment of what? I don't know what specifically to look up.  Yes. The more different people call, the more likely they are to do something about it. Those numbers can't be right. Whispering is more than 40db. Generally, there is a clause that  covers use, peace and enjoyment of the residence.  It's there to give the landlord ammunition to evict tenants who throw drunken parties on the balcony every night and scream and holler, etc.

It also protects the tenant from over involved landlords who like to show up all the time unannounced or want to inspect your rental every week. Or,try to prohibit late night television or restrict use of showers or amenities.
Landlords have a duty to provide reasonable peace and quiet. I don't know man. [Here](http://www.ppines.com/DocumentCenter/View/171). Maybe I'm reading it wrong. Edit: I was, it's dBa, not dB, which is apparently different?  