Father kicked out of assisted living (CA) My father is in his late 80s and has been a resident of an assisted living facility for the past 5 years or so. He has been wheelchair bound for the past year or so. A few weeks ago one of his in-home care specialists discovered a pressure sore on his tailbone, and he was sent to the hospital. The hospital released him the next day, but shortly after he got back home, his assisted living facility forced him to leave and had an ambulance take him back to the hospital. The reasoning apparently being that California law prohibits licensed care facilities from housing people with pressure sores. 

In the weeks since then he's been placed in unlicensed boarding care (and still receiving in-home treatment), although he is still paying rent for his 1br apt at the assisted living facility so he doesn't have to move out, in the hopes that he can return to his home there after a few more weeks.

But he's told me that the management at the assisted living place is not acting cooperative, refusing to talk to him (or even forward his mail), and that they are not working with his patient care coordinator on the next steps for getting him back into his apartment. 

He thinks they were just looking for an excuse to kick him out. But either way, none of this seems right to me. My legal question is, can they do this? Is this something worth talking to an attorney about? Or are they well within their rights to refuse him access to his apartment?

I live in a different state, so I've been dealing with all of this just by phone. But I'll be flying there next week to try to sort this out. Any advice in the meantime is much appreciated.  Call the long-term care ombudsman for the county your father resides in. They will know the local laws and should contact the assisted living home for you. Not a lawyer, not in CA but in FL and vaguely work with ALFs. Contact their regulator and they will tell you what they can and cannot do and will even investigate the complaint themselves. For example in FL it is the agency for health care administration (AHCA). Call the ALF and ask who is their regulator and ask for their permit or license number. If they refuse that is likely a violation (FL agencies require all that info to be available upon request). You probably dont need that info as googling it might work but having the license number is easier.

I do know, at least in FL, it is not unheard of of clients being kicked out of the ALF because they are beyond the abilities of that facility or an ALF and now need to go to a nursing home.

There should be many resources for the elderly in your state or even an ombudsman that may be able to assist. Ianal I am a nurse though, I have worked in many homes (5) and all of them have taken clients with varying illnesses, one specific home I was not covered to do any care with the wounds, but the client could have a home care nurse visit and tend to their needs. Would this be possible in the current home? Thank you, I'm definitely going to do this.

&#x200B; Thank you, in my frustration I was thinking of reaching to either an attorney or state rep, but this sounds like a better next step. Yes that should be possible- in fact he's getting this care three times a week from his health care provider. He suspects the ALF is upset that he started getting this outside care, because it was about 1 week later that they kicked him out. The timing is interesting, but it could have just been due to the discovery of the compression sore.  