Father taking mother to court to pull life support on son. =( Hello! This is taking place in Dearborn, Michigan! I need some prayers, please, and advice for my friends mom. My friend went into a coma 2.5 months ago and his father(who has never done anything for him and wasn't in his life much at all) took his mother to court to try to pull the plug on him FOUR days after he went into a coma. Ugh, just, ugh! The court appointed a guardian. The guardian just called his mom yesterday evening and told her that the father is taking her BACK to court again this Thursday to try to pull the plug on their son. She is the one that raised him, the one that has loved him and done everything for him...NOT his father. My friend is NOT brain dead, he is in a coma but he still yawns, moves, moves when he hears voices or feels touch, etc so he does have a chance no matter what percent that may be. He also has a 12yo special needs son that desperately needs his father; he has had full custody for the child's entire life due to an unfit mother that is now going to court to try to get the son. His mom needs to get in contact with a free legal aide/lawyer that will help her fight this and/or she needs to know how to fight this...she is disabled so low enough income to qualify for free legal but I do not know which direction to point her in or how to help. Can anyone please help or know anyone that can? Thank you!!! I locked this because responders cannot point OP to legal aid without a location. Plus it's OT bait.

OP, post the location and PM the mods to have the post unlocked. Have her give the Salvation Army of Eastern Michigan Legal Aid Clinic a call at (313)-361-6340. If anyone will be able to help her on such short notice, it will be them. Has he shown any progress in 2 1/2 months? What do the doctors say his chances are? My question would be: what would happen if the money ran out in these situations? Who foots the bill and can insurance cut off a coma patient? I would expect this situation to occur 100% of the time when "but it's not 100% tho" gets thrown around. We don't have wards with 100s of comatose patients so I'm assuming money makes the call. OP updated with the location, so I have unlocked this. Thank you, I will tell her! I appreciate it! He has had ups and downs the entire time. The doctors aren't hopeful but since he is not brain dead they cannot give a 100% prognosis. He could wake up or he could not. He is responding to voices and touch but not commands yet. I am sure the money part will become an issue at some point but as of right now, thankfully, it isn't. His father wanted to pull the plug on day 4 because if my friend recovers he will be in a wheelchair and his dad "doesn't want his son in a wheelchair". It is disgusting because a parent that loved their child would want them to live, wheelchair or not. My friend's son is Autistic and desperately needs his dad, as I said, so there is no harm in giving his father a bit of extra time to see if he will recover. He is a good man with people that love him, he deserves a chance. Down the road if he hasn't recovered or things get worse then that would be the time to bring this up...not 4 days in or even 10 weeks in(unless someone is brain dead). Prepare yourself now. With little to no progress in 2.5 months and a last ditch effort to contact legal aid less than a week out from a court date, the overwhelming odds are the plug will be pulled. If there has been no definitive progress all this time and the doctors aren't hopeful it's not realistic to think there is any decent chance he will pull out of it. I'm not sure about that. The friend has been appointed a guardian ad litem, who will advocate for his best interests based on medical science and future prognosis.  He has a chance, no matter what percentage, it's worth giving him more time if only so his 12yo Autistic son may get his father back. I know that it's easy to be jaded and I know that doctors are because they see so much death but the reality is that no one knows right now, it could go either way. There is a chance a pistol could bring down an airplane if you hit it in the exact right spot.  But a court is going to look at what is the most likely outcome. And no real progress in 2 1/2 months is pretty bad. 