Wounded soldiers who need wheelchairs Mom helps out wounded vets who need help.  Guy just got a large donation for getting wheelchairs out to those who need it.  Contact me if u need one ill get you my moms info.

Btw they are track 4wd wheelchairs and are all terrain  Common guys get some up votes!!!! Spread the word I know there are people out there who need it!! I just want one because it's 4WD and all terrain lol. Have you gotten in touch with [Wounded Warriors Project](https://support.woundedwarriorproject.org/Default.aspx?tsid=167&campaignSource=CDRO&source=B100106&gclid=CIahkIOUjLcCFRCe4AodVxoAMw)? Haha yea they r pretty badass like the NASCAR of wheelchairs
 She is working with the independence fund.  Unfortunately they are a 'competitor' fund so normally they won't hand out names of those who need it.   >Unfortunately they are a 'competitor' fund so normally they won't hand out names of those who need it.

that's wicked sad/disgusting. sorry to say it. they should be helping each other help veterans.  Yeah, I've never gotten that about non-profits. How does this make any sense at all. I know it doesn't to the vets who are supposedly being helped here. If non-profits of this nature can't get along for the common good, I've not a lot of hope for people. This stinks.  She is pretty supportive of the independence fund and working with them, just told me they aren't like that.  She used to work for the d.o.d. For wounded soldiers because my brother was shot in the head and lost a fourth of his brain and they were gonna let him rot away in Walter Reid.  Once she threw a fit about it they ended up hiring her!  But she was laid off due to cuts to conserve money so now she works for free helping out.  I dono how she gets a hold of these people but every day she is making phone calls and helping out people left and right so I figured I might just post it on reddit to see if anyone needed help.  Even if you or someone you know doesn't need a wheel chair I'm sure she would be happy to help you out.  She's got spunk  I wasn't saying that as necessarily a reflection on her, but it's something I've run into before, and it just pisses me off. I used to do FHA loans to non-profits for housing; what a racket. It was cutthroat too. Guys flying around the country in a private jet, owned by the NPO of course, buying up housing using government money. Totally legal, but damn. 

Good on her though. She sounds like a good lady.  