My fellow female veterans, can you relate? Tomorrow I have a C&P appointment at the VA. My husband will be driving me since I will be wearing my not-so-cute neck brace. Anytime I go to the VA, even if I'm alone, I'm not assumed at the veteran, can't imagine tomorrow will be any different.

Example 1: While walking in from the VA parking lot, I hold the door open for an elderly woman pushing her vet husband in a wheelchair. The veteran thanks me when we get inside and asks if I'm the wife of a marine. I smile, say nope and that I have to go before I'm late to my appointment.

Example 2: Husband couldn't leave work to take me to my appointment, a male friend of ours took me instead. We roamed the halls looking for the physical therapy clinic and ran into an employee. The employee asked our friend what he was looking for and where he needing to go. He didn't seem fazed when the friend pointed at me to chime in.

Example 3: At a local mall there is a veterans memorial type of shop where you can check out old memorabilia, read old articles and buy t-shirts, almost like a mini museum. I was wearing my Army PT shirt that day when we went shopping and I decided to stop in and see what it was all about. After walking around for a minute or so, the two vets chatting at the counter ask if I'm wearing the shirt in honor of someone who was in the service. I explain it was mine and was told after that I'm far too young looking to have served. I show them my photo and it satisfies them, they then tell me it's a shame I have tattoos on my arms and that women shouldn't have them at all.

Example 4: Blood work and Xrays day. Husband drives me in and we make our way to the labs. I faint while getting blood drawn and have a hard time coming to. I get swarmed by nurses who help me regain my bearings. I'm told a wheelchair is on it's way for me and I wait with my husband in the waiting area for it. A few minutes pass when a male nurse shows up with the wheelchair. He walks right past us and was redirected back to where we were by the receptionist. He asks my husband if he still needs the chair since he is looking better. My husband states the chair is for me, the chair is left with us and that was that.

This doesn't only happen to me at the VA. Basically anytime (few exceptions) I inquire about military discounts, I get challenged. Some even reject my ID and claim "it's a fake". I've resorted to carrying my 12 year old basic training photo in my wallet when my VA ID is challenged. It really sucks having someone who doesn't know me make me feel like a liar, when I'm not, just because it's so unbelievable that I was in the service.

This HAS to happen to you ladies as well, right.. right?? 

Feel free to share any experiences you've had!



 I have no idea where any of you soldiers are from. However, I can very confidently say that, no shit like this would ever happen at my VA. If any of you are near Wichita KS, I highly recommend paying the Robert J. Dole VA a visit. The quality of care is top notch, and there are just as many females in there as males any time I visit.
On a lighter note, my civilian wife was accused of being a vet while I was standing next to her waiting on labs. No shit, some female walked right up to her and started chatting like they were old battles. When she asked her where she deployed, my wife explained that she never served, she was there with me, her husband. The female vet looked me up and down and physically recoiled a bit. Then just walked away. 
Now mind you, my wife is a solid fucking 10 stateside, and like a 15 during deployment. I am a mere 3, maybe 4 at my best. But still, it got me right in the feels.... I'm used to it. It doesn't phase me anymore like it used to. After awhile I just stopped caring.

I've been mistaken for a dependent and ridiculed for my deployment PTSD.

We have been dealing with this shit since the first day. And since the first day I have been fighting back the stereotypes.

Ever have a guy come up to you while you were both in uniform ask you if you know what your combat action badge is and why you are wearing it?
 
I have. I was challenged on to why I got it. By someone several ranks higher than me. That was the last time I really cared. I had to explain myself- humiliating. Had to tell him how I was embedded in an infantry unit and ate, slept and did every damn mission with them as their go to HUMINT. Wherever they went I went. 

After that day even though I was still in I stopped caring. Took off my combat patch and badges I had and never wore them again. My kid doesn't even know I served.

It's not a battle worth fighting at the VA or anywhere else. I keep it buried deep. I feel you. I get sweetheart'Ed and honey'ed regularly.  I also get a much lesser standard of care than my husband does and I'm just enoughed with it and ready to find civilian providers.  I've been asked on dates, told I was too young to be in the military, and told "if they looked like you when I was in, I wouldn't have gotten out!"  I rarely smile or justify myself. That's their problem, not mine....but it makes me furious. 

Last year, I was at a vendor event with my former Marine husband. Two old dudes are looking at patches for sale and debating whether they were X Army unit or Y Army unit. I looked over and told them they were Y unit. They brushed me off and asked my husband. His response? "She's the one that deployed with them."  I got the side eye and they walked off. 

 "Thank your husband for his service" when someone sees me get out of my car. (license plates - that I regret getting - give it away)

*If I marry a veteran someday I will pass along your thanks* is my reply 

>I've resorted to carrying my 12 year old basic training photo in my wallet when my VA ID is challenged.

Oh no. Don't do that. Ask for a manager and realize people are stupid. This is your chance to educate them and school them.

It happens all the time... except on the rare event that it doesn't and you're welcomed.

I was wearing a team rubicon T shirt on a trip. I was walking into a hotel and an older gentleman stopped and held the door for me. We all know that old guys will hold a door for us so I didn't think anything of it and thanked him. He instantly said "Thank you for your service"

It really hit me. I'm used to it on Veterans day on facebook as part of a mass post. Or if it comes up in a conversation and someone says it like it's an obligatory reply... but he just picked me out of no where and said thank you.

I had no idea how he knew. I didn't think of what I was wearing. I must have looked at him like he was crazy.

"Team Rubicon. My son is part of Team Rubicon." He pointed at my shirt. I almost hugged the guy. He just "got it"

Those times are fleeting and rare. Just realize that everytime you have an interaction where they assume you're a wife and you correct them - you're teaching them.

Pretend the civilian world is like the first week of basic. You have guys staring asking "they let girls join too?" Yep... Welcome to the phrase ma'am. Yep.  All the freaking time.  "So what branch of the military did your husband serve in?" -- I'm single.  "Oh you can't be a combat vet, you're a girl" -- riiiiight, so why did I ride around on a big ass truck with a big ass gun, to look pretty for the photo shoot?  etc etc etc ... yeah ... I hear ya ...  Dude... All the damn time. 

I'm 27 but I look young and I guess how people wouldn't picture an army veteran to look because I'm... feminine? I don't know. It's fucking ridiculous. My husband is a marine and he's noticed how differently we get treated by people. 

I went to my VA hospital with my husband when I first found out I was pregnant for the preliminary blood work and all that good stuff and people definitely assumed that I was just there as his driver. Asking staff for directions, etc, they definitely directed all their responses to him. We're in the home-buying process and using the VA loan and even our realtor "forgets" that I'm the 70% disabled vet that's allowing us to be qualified for various things. 

Fuck, even my FUCKING COWORKERS say things like, "Oh, does husband's service allow you to use the VA loan/give him VA healthcare?" Well, yeah, BUT SO DOES MINE, so gahsjdkkekwbsjjeiwoj! 

Sorry for the rant but damn that felt good.  Not a female but while it sucks, it also makes sense. Only 14% of the US military are women. 



http://www.cnn.com/2013/01/24/us/military-women-glance/ There's a certain look people associate with "military".  Of course we all know most people who served don't have that look but civilians think otherwise.  Even as a guy I get weird looks when I go out for Veteran's day dinner or some such thing, cause I look like every other techbro in this town.  My VA ID usually settles the matter, that and the USAF coin I still carry. I am so sorry this shit happens to you. I was just a grunt and never worked with females. That this happens is fucked up. People suck.  My VA hospital now has a separate secure woman's clinic but a few years ago, when I first stated to use VA primary care, I used regular primary care.  I think the hospital has like 15 primary care teams with a massive open waiting area.  Every time I sat in that waiting room I would be asked for hugs, dates, and all sorts of personal questions by older male veterans also in the waiting room.  I tried to laugh off the "are you here to the see the gynecologist? I can help you with that?" type comments but they really sickened me.  When you try to ignore these men by playing with your phone, you're called a cunt or a stuck up bitch.  If you go up to the receptionist to complain, a VA police officer will come by and tell the guy to cut it out - but once the officer turns the corner, it would start back up.  I later found out that a lot of the men lingering in the waiting room all day, drinking coffee and watching Judge Judy, weren't even veterans -- they were homeless.  This is probably an extreme example within the VA and the reason why they now have a secure women's clinic off to the side. Yes! Hubby is a vet too but he is always thanked for his service even though the plates on the car are mine. He always makes people feel bad "ohhh not me, that's my wife's". It drives him crazy. I about lost my shit when I listened to a VFW president try to recruit members and then said "oh yah, and any of you women out there that want to make cookies and coffee for the men are welcome to join the auxiliary". My husband literally had to hold me down from saying anything.  Like WTF!  Where are you located? I mean, the only thing I can think of is some of these are locality specific?? Those are some of the most insane stories I've ever heard. I have never had anyone doubt anything I've ever said. At the mall, I've had cashiers ask if I was in the military so they could give me a discount. I'll say "Not anymore, but I don't have my vet ID on me" and they just give me the discount anyway. 

I have never had anyone ask me if I was in the waiting area because I was waiting for my husband, never been asked if I was picking up my boyfriend's meds, none of that. And jeez, I am disgusted that VA nurses would treat you like that. 

The only time anyone EVER wrongfully assumed that my spouse was in the service and not me was when I went back to my old high school and visited my old nurses. And that wasn't a sexist thing, they just knew me and knew how lazy and disobedient I was, so they could never imagine me taking orders All of these things.  I rarely go to the VA because of it. I joke with my husband about whether I will make it across the parking lot before someone comments about my tattoos.  Male soldier here but I've seen it as well. This past veteran's day weekend I went out with a group of soldiers from my unit. Equal ratio male to female, 3 and 3. The guys had the haircuts and the girls had their hair down. We men were expressly thanked for our service but every time we said ALL of us are military and some of the civilians looked genuinely surprised. It was clear that the girls were assumed to be our girlfriends. Our women soldiers took it with grace though. They understand that women are a small minority in the military and the stereotypes are real. Same with female cops, firefighters, male nurses, social workers and even teachers to an extend. The wife of one of my best friends is a nurse and when I'm together with their circle of LPN and RN friends the men will say "I'm a male nurse" as if that's the title. It's just the world. 

Hey, thank you for YOUR service, anyway. I've definately been treated differently by some folks. Most notably I have extended family repeatedly ask me if I worked *for* the Air Force, or *with* the Air Force (meaning- civil service or contract) and I repeatedly corrected them with I am *IN* the Air Force.

The other biggest thing was Veteran's Day a couple years back when my student vet group walked in the local parade and went to the Legion after. Besides hating sitting in a gross, smoky club, I was virtually ignored by the older guys who were vietnam vets that formed the predesessor to our group (combat vet club). They shot the shit with the 6 or 7 guys I came with for several hours, and didn't really talk to me past introductions. I did benefit from them not pressuring me to drink with "oh, you can't hang with the old guys, eh?". It did sour me on all vet's clubs until recently when I went to karaoke DJ'd by an old coworker up at a VFW. I was really suprised, and I might be persuaded to go to more things as long as the club is smoke-free and not skeevy. If you ever need to chat, don't hesitate to pm me. Im so sorry that happened, it brought years to my eyes just reading it. Fuck that!! Gah!! Im sorry they're assholes, Battle. I'll be at the VA in 2 hours and I'm primed right now to tell off anyone that disregards me while I'm there.  I had some assclown manager from a Peter Piper Pizza tell me that I wasn't a vet, my ID was fake and that my photo was from ROTC when I asked if they offered military discounts. I couldn't believe it! I had no words! I wrote a lengthy review on yelp, my mother tweeted it to the company and nothing was done. All over some fucking pizza.  Seriously, fuck coworkers!! I'm the ONLY female at my place of work (IT shit) and a handful of coworkers are vets. They think I'm a joke, my pain ( from breaking my neck in basic) isn't real, I smoke weed for fun and not to suppress seizures, pain and for sleeping. They all make me feel like a damn liar and all I can do is sit there and listen to them shit talk. Im 31 people! Not a damn child! And....  such a small percentage of those women even utilize the VA.  I think less than 20%. Only...That's still one in seven. And I can understand the assumptions given the society we live in and the fact that far more men have experienced combat, but it's definitely shitty when they're flat out told they must be lying. WOW how savage! If anything like that has happened at the Phoenix VA, I wasn't part of it. I don't know how I would react to that happening. Sorry you had to deal with that, Battle =_= Ugh, thats so fucking gross of those guys. I go to a small but busy CBOC, and while I haven't had issues there, I had a minor annoying thing happen at the main clinic an hour away. The CBOC doesn't have the space for a separate waiting room for women, but its convoluted/compartmentalized enough that I can avoid people when I want to. And that is why I told the VFW to go shove it somewhere, I don't make coffee ever for anyone.  I will bestow my cookies on people I like at my choosing however.  And VFW leader dude that day did not land on the "like" side of that equation.  I'm in Phoenix. Home of the worst VA in the country.. Maybe because of the terrible experiences we have?   Agreed What was funny about my guy, not even a vet his DAD was the vet. That's what burned my biscuits. I misspoke it was Catholic War Vets not VFW.  I had an opportunity come up, but I would have had to move to Phoenix. Nope, couldn't do it, for that reason alone. 

I'm sorry that happened (happens?) to you. Its BS. But then again, I **hate** the term "woman veteran" or "female warrior" or any combination of those terms. We don't specify male veteran, so don't specify for me. That's really the only thing that bothers me.  