Help?? I am new to doing this so I hope I get it right. I have read so much about the reddit community helping people with questions, so here goes: As a 100% service-connected disabled veteran, am I eligible for help from the VA for a service dog? 
I have been researching for two years now and have been given so many misdirection or just ignored so many times, I finally emailed the Secretary of Veterans Affairs office. They said they would look into the situation. I was in the Army for a very long time until my accident and I know how long it can take. Hell it took a year just to receive my comp and pen even though my injuries are incredibly significant. It's not their fault. So many vets need help. But I'm scared and not ready to throw in the towel just yet.
Here is why I'm scared. 
My accident resulted in a TBI with seizure disorder, a broken back in two places with multiple fusions and revisions, skin grafts, severe neuropathy, and multiple broken bones with plates and screws. I walk with arm crutches on a good day and confined to a wheelchair on the really bad ones. I know PTSD is the new catch phrase but I can tell you there are times I still have awful dreams and I can still smell and taste smoke and have been known to just walk out of a store because it's too much all at once. Silly and I fight it but it still happens.
I live alone. I live in a town I moved to about 2 1/2 years ago so I don't know many people.    I have 3 incidents that have truly worried me about my safety. One seizure resulted in striking my head so badly I had 17 staples to close the wound. I don't know how long it was before I was found but the police actually thought it was a crime scene bcuz I had lost so much blood. Of course head wounds do that. I just remember coming to about three days later in the hospital
 Another incident I fell on my arm crutches into a friend's glass coffee table and had major stitches in my leg. The neuropathy and stuff makes my legs very weak and painful. The last one occurred on January of this year. I walked out to start my car and slipped when I planted my arm crutches. I broke my leg in three places and dislocated my ankle so badly it was turned towards my back. I laid in my apartment parking lot for over an hour screaming for help before someone finally called paramedics. This was in 20 degree weather. 
I've called and written letters to everyone from my vet rep to vet organizations and so on. All 5 of my doctors from surgeons to neurologists have written letters stating a service dog is not only medically necessary but also a potentially life threatening situation if not provided. And I'm no closer than when I began.
Believe me when I tell you, even though I was medically retired with benefits and receive a pension and disability compensation that is the only help I receive. I pay all my own bills and there is no way I can afford the $ 25-37,000 I have been quoted by organizations because a service dog would have to be trained in multiple areas for seizures and assistance. Can you help or point me in the most efficient route for my answer? I value my independence so much and I'm proud of what I can still do when there wasn't much hope of ever being able to live alone. God bless and thank you if someone can help.
 I got my service dog through a group called *Canines for a Cause*, I actually trained her under their supervision. She's for PTSD, so she doesn't fetch things, or turn light switches on/off. I don't take her with me everywhere, but I could if I wanted too. She's very well behaved, and quite possibly one of the best demeanors I've ever seen in a dog. [I love this dog so much](http://i.imgur.com/U25NUUD.jpg). She responds to cues like anger, sadness, etc, though I didn't train her for that, she just does it. 

The whole thing was free for me, but they do their best to dissuade you from getting a dog through them. First time I showed up was 40+ people, they gave the dissuasion speech, and the 2nd time I showed up 20+, the third time was only 5, and by time I got my dog, there were only 3 people in my class, sometimes only 2. 

I didn't finish the class because school got in the way, and the bus route that took me to the place changed, and they no longer serviced that entire road. 

All this aside, I know the VA doesn't give out dogs for PTSD, or even have a program that does such a thing because they were the first place I went when I was looking for a service dog, and they flat out told me no, not possible. 

You can get your dog trained to insane levels for free, so long as you do the training with a group similar to CFAC. They don't have the manpower to train dogs to specific levels on their own, but if you put the time in, they'll get the dog and you there together. 

All of this aside, there is no government agency that oversees service dogs. If you get a vest that says service dog, there you go, you have a service dog, and you can use the [Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Americans_with_Disabilities_Act_of_1990) to back you up, however now you're responsible if your dog shits in a Wal-Mart, or bites a kid at a restaurant, etc.  I'm about 99% sure you've seen this: http://www.prosthetics.va.gov/ServiceAndGuideDogs.asp

and 

http://www.ptsd.va.gov/public/treatment/cope/dogs_and_ptsd.asp

Maybe someone here can describe the paperwork the provider must do to start the process? 

 Thank you so much. I have seen it and I have the paperwork submitted from doctors but have never been able to get any further even though it is all documented in my VA records. Thank you for you response but my needs are pretty complex.  As one vet to another I wanted to let you know that there is actually an organization that oversees service dogs.  Because of abuses by veterans just slapping vests bought online and unscrupulous organizations claiming to train for veterans and doing the same thing the DOJ can investigate a veterans claim of their dog being a service dog if there are complaints of abuses of the ADA. I have been researching this for over two years and have come across people who have actually gotten in trouble or been put on blast for these tactics. Both vets and "handlers". Which is why the VA only recognizes 4 organizations as accredited in training service dogs. A companion dog is not the same as a service dog and can be investigated if misrepresented. Not lecturing. Just thought you should know. That's fine and all, but I have paperwork signed by my doctor at the VA saying my dog is a service companion animal, and that is 100% legal under the ADA.  Only trying to help another vet. No slight intended or trying to be a know it all. 