A disabled Vet 100% Vietnam My daughter has been trying to get my ex husbands  prosthetics to get fitted right and know one has ever came. So he has been sitting in a wheelchair and has gained so much weight she can’t take him out of the nursing home as she can’t get him in her van. So she was told he  qualified for a van to be modified for him to get out and enjoy life. But after filling out all the paperwork they turned him or her down is there someone that can help get him a van so that he can go to watch his grandkids play sports and go to my daughter’s house for holidays??? She needs to contact, on his behalf, the county Veterans Service Officer. Also, if the paperwork was done properly and what you’re saying is true, this could be a big media story. Another organization shouldn’t have to pick up where the VA isn’t.

https://www.benefits.va.gov/compensation/claims-special-auto-allowance.asp The best thing to do is hire a veterans claim attorney. You don’t have to pay upfront for anything where the VA may be paying compensation on the back end. The attorney just takes 20% of whatever you get. If you get nothing, they get nothing, and it’s free to you. What is he 100% service connected for?  > The grant is paid directly to the seller of the automobile and the Servicemember or Veteran may only receive the automobile grant once in his/her lifetime.

I do have a problem that they will pay it only once. Let’s say you have a really young young veteran injured during service and they will require this. If they live for another 30-50 years we can’t really expect them keep the same vehicle for that long. I feel like this is something we should fight to change as Veterans.  I was going to say contact a damn lawyer.  They eat this shit UP. Op may not even have to hire an attorney. Going to a VSO maybe adequate. Also is the VA paying for his nursing home? If so transportation for medical appointments is included in the contract the VA pays. They might consider it double dipping to get a private vehicle  He was in the army in the  Vietnam war  In a Jeep type  vehicle doing what I don’t know what as everything is  secretive  But was shot in the head. Was in a coma for 306 days. Had to learn how to feed and function all over again. So was  medicaly discharged. But is 100% disabled and since had his legs from the knee down  amputated  Both  Should be. VSO's do a good job most all of the time. Most of them have been there too.  As far as double dipping my daughter takes him to his appointments and if they would of came back and refitted his   Prosthetics He wouldn’t of been sitting in a wheelchair all this time gaining weight. And even if the VA transports him to medical appointments. He doesn’t deserve a life out side that mustering home you’re telling me??? To go watch his grandkids play sports and go to his kids house on holidays?? My daughter just can’t transport him anymore because of his weight to get him in her vehicle and she is a RN. I think here enlies your issue, unless he is service connected for the loss of his legs he is not entitled to this resource. I'm sure the denial paperwork received indicates a reason for denial and if this is the reason then there is no reason to appeal. As far as your other comments, thats pretty far reaching from what I said. If he is in a contract nursing home the VA is paying a facility for 24/7 care of which he will have no expense and get to keep his pension. These facilities are usually around $500/day and cause families massive financial hardship if they have to get on medicaid to pay for them. Just a suggestion- Use his pension to hire a wheelchair car for the occasional outing with family or ask his social worker what handicap transportation options are available in your area  