How to handle this? Just got out of procedure with some concerns... Before going in for a sigmoidoscopy, nurse X gave me a very poor quality IV that resulted in swelling and pain in my hand.  X laughed, then pushed the needle in while holding my hand down, causing more bleeding, then started yelling at me that it was my fault.  X removed the IV, and I asked for a different nurse to do it.  Nurse Y came over, set up a decent IV quickly, without any yelling.  I mentioned that X's IV was not done well.  As I said that, I noticed X lurking kind of weirdly right behind Y.  I was on a gurney and couldn't see what was going on very well.  Then I saw X kept looking over from just a few feet away while pretending to read something nearby, but looking over at me, then X waits till Y turns away and mouths '(expletive) baby' and laughs and then walks off quickly.  Earlier, before the poorly done IV, nurse X, while I was still in her care (I had to be in a wheelchair today) contradicted the rest of medical staff in terms of forcing me to use the bathroom before the procedure, whereas nurse Y said that some leakage is expected during the procedure.  Nurse X literally just shoved the wheelchair, with me in it, into the bathroom with the door open and blocking the door.  She left quickly so I had no help and had a fairly difficult time getting the door closed, the wheelchair pushed actually into the restroom etc.  Overall, she was argumentative, didn't answer questions, and just took every opportunity to yell about something and accuse me of various ridiculous things ranging from causing her failure in putting in the IV to not telling her that I was supposed to be in a wheelchair (not even sure what she was yelling about in that case).  

Anyhow, my question is if this is something to bring to a supervisor's attention or if this is just supposed to be business as usual for staff?  Her behavior seemed unusual and slightly a little too psychotic for someone working with sick people, but that's why I'm trying to get an idea of whether I'm just being sensitive or if there's just no reason to get treated like this when going in for a procedure. 


Update 9/11:

At the urging of everybody here, I did put this into patient advocate.  And in the future I will be careful as to who I discuss issues with, when speaking with staff members within that department.

 You are not being sensitive. That is unacceptable behavior, especially for anyone in the healthcare field. I would definitely bring this to the supervisor's attention. 

Nurses need to be both professional experts and nurturing caregivers. Its a difficult job but I've always been amazed at how great the VA nursing staff is.

This was not that case, she needs to fix herself or go.  SECRETARY McDONALD is specifically looking for these kinds of Non Professionals, to weed out those who don't respect our Veterans.  Get her name and leave him a voice message on his personal cell #, with her info and where you are. This will not be tolerated.(513) 509-8454. Best wishes on a speedy recovery. Check the website for that facility. There should be a contact for patient advocates and complaints listed in the contact numbers. Follow through with your complaint, you can help protect other veterans from this sort of treatment.  Thanks for taking the time to read it.  How would you proceed, ask for supervisor or nursing manager or ...? Thanks for reading that.  It seemed really odd, and a little frightening since this person has some role in my healthcare.  How would you proceed, speak to supervisor, nurse manager or...? Contact the VA patient advocate at the facility you were treated. They are supposed to handle complaints involving staff misconduct. **this**

I've not seen this type of behavior from a nurse in years. It is not acceptable to belittle a patient, or do the things you describe. 

However, I will caution you on one thing: don't discuss complaints about one staff member with another. If you feel someone is not performing up to standard don't say "mentioned that X's IV was not done well." Saying something like this where the subject can hear it, might generate retaliatory action from them. Instead say nothing--just talk to the patient advocate later.  Yes, I usually try to express my courteousness to the staff by letting them know if something seems wrong.  I let them know that I'm trying to keep it at their level and avoid involving higher up, and they usually seem to appreciate that.  But yes, that sacrifices some discretion, and might not be a good idea in some cases.  Really couldn't see much from that gurney until it became clear that she wasn't just walking by for work reasons. 