Physical/Occupational Therapy through the VA. I'm a nurse at an assisted living facility and I'm asking on behalf of a resident who requested PT/OT. For background, he's a cognitively intact 95-year-old WWII Marine who's physically independent (self-shower, etc.) but for lack of a better term, "rickety". Ribs visible from the front (VA is now providing Ensure, definitely a help), and it's easiest to inject insulin his on the back of his arm because there's barely any fat on his abdomen. Uses a scooter outside of his room and a mixture of scooting around on a manual wheelchair and walking with a cane inside. Both knees/hips are replacements and both of his ankles are fused (he is absolutely not supposed to and knows it, but I've seen him walk without using his cane and it's *mesmerizing*), he's done PT before.


I don't know how much any of this matters, but we live in the Northwest Network about an hour from the nearest VA hospital and he's about 10-15 minutes from the outpatient clinic. We have a local home health agency and one through an area hospital that comes in and provides PT/OT services to residents. Needing to go out to the therapy appointments means they wouldn't happen. 


I saw that the nurse who handles the office stuff sent a fax to his PCP asking for a referral for PT/OT services a couple weeks ago but I sense that's going nowhere. (She's not the one with his DOB/last 4 of his SS# memorized from The Weekend of VA Insulin. I called/faxed half the planet for his Novolog refill.) Any advice/guidance would be greatly appreciated. >Needing to go out to the therapy appointments means they wouldn't happen. 

Sorry but why can't he be driven to PT at the VA?  Because obviously that's what they will ask when they recommend PT/OT at the local VA hospital.  If he can walk with a cane he can ride in a van...

Not trying to be a dick, it's really awesome you are going above and beyond...  But I'm anticipating the VA's response.  They have the whole VA choice program for people who are too far from the VA but I imagine you would need to prove he can't travel to the VA to use a home PT.

Who is paying for the rest of his care?  Medicare, insurance?  Can he get PT/OT covered through that? We all need to work at the border of dickishness sometimes, you're good. I not un-dickishly asked the care staff over the walkie why they were paging me for a nosebleed on Friday. (The guy keeps hydrogen peroxide in his bathroom. Not his first rodeo.) Valid question. 


He *can* walk for about 20 ft. with a cane (it's unsafe but he refuses to use a walker) and his shoulder hurts him if he sits up too long (torn rotator cuff) to the point he comes to meals 10-15 minutes late in order to minimize the length of time spent sitting upright. He has Medicare/Medicaid but I'm not sure the balance of everything with the VA. (There's a resident whose meds the care staff keeps forgetting to order through the VA rather than our usual pharmacy and it's always a mess to fix). This sounds like something I should know now that I'm asking, but if the VA doesn't cover something (always an exception, but as a general statement) Medicare/Medicaid would just be billed like any other secondary insurances? And in any case, his PCP is through the VA and I couldn't figure out (I'd looked at the website briefly but it wasn't clear) if there was a specific protocol for getting a referral (home health requires one from the provider regardless). 


He refuses to use Dial-a-Ride (I have no idea but he was adamant about it. I hadn't even brought it up and I don't feel like delving further into this) so his daughter (a special education teacher) would have to keep getting half-day subs for her class. Technically he still has a valid drivers' license but his daughters decided he wasn't safe driving his 1979 Chrysler 300 about a year ago.


Since June he has to my knowledge left the building four times: a haircut with daughter #2, dinner when daughter #1 visited from Arizona, ER visit when he hit his head and noc shift had to call 911, and to go to the hospital when he had pneumonia. His hair is almost long enough to comb so we're probably creeping up on a second haircut but an argument could definitely be made that he's homebound. Like, he's LDS and we're literally down the block from the temple and the possibility of his attending never comes up. And I get the full weight of every opinion about everything. Though he's started swearing in front of me, that's been fun.

If you're getting a vibe of "has survived through sheer stubbornness", you would be correct. Guy once had a horse fall on him over the weekend and made it work on Monday. That was the first fused ankle. Would he not be covered for a home health aide or a CNA to come in and help out? I don't know where you're located, but that normally isn't too expensive as long as it's not an everyday thing. The company I worked for charged $20 an hour, and that includes driving the PT to appointments. And of the Dr says it's needed, insurance does cover it (to what extent I couldn't say).  Oh, there are caregivers where I work. (I don't think he's *supposed* to be self-shower if you catch my drift). Most of the time he doesn't let anyone help him. Fwiw, when he was hospitalized the nurse giving report said they'd made him use a walker and have someone stand by while he got out of bed but gave no indication that anyone thought he shouldn't be independent. 


In a regular car he has to be in a manual wheelchair and (hear my groans of frustration) that's problematic because someone would have to push him (right rotator cuff is demolished). Meaning he would have to *let* someone push him. 


Thank you for (no sarcasm, I could be overthinking this) pointing out the obvious "insurance covers things doctors prescribe". Calling the two agencies that have visiting PT would probably be a good idea. "Hey, how does this work if the patient goes through the VA for their medical care?" would be a reasonable question.


 No worries. I was more referring to possibly an outside agency who was there for him and only him. 

I've had PTs like him. You really need to be very assertive with them. It can be a bit ridiculous at first, but if he can get a caregiver who he really clicks with, it could be a lot easier. Especially if he possibly sees an increase in "freedom" since this personal caregiver could drive him just about anywhere (movies, VFW meeting, so on). 

Is there family around? Maybe they could talk him into it, or at least get the info to the doc. If the doc wrote something to the extent of "PT is frail and making him come to the VA/facility would be hazardous. Physical therapy should take place in the home until PT has regained enough strength to travel"

Thanks for caring though. Most people don't. Oh, the guy loves me (I sometimes get a "Where the hell have you been?" on my Monday.) I'm pretty much it for staff who can get him to do anything. His daughters also love me (they have to listen to less complaining) and their combined 130 years of experience boils down to "You can't *make* Dad do anything". If it's something serious he'll defer to them but reserves the right to grumble. (Like complaining about the taste of aspirin while having a heart attack.) When he had pneumonia it was basically a day of me pestering him in person and calling his older daughter so she could tell him he was an idiot over the phone. ("This isn't the dumbest thing you've ever seen me do and you know it! Fine. Alright, love you too.") He went out (willingly) to the hospital the next morning, so it worked.


The transportation issue I got the vibe of as more of a trust thing. (No clue what the Dial-a-Ride issue is but I know the "non-negotiable" voice.) Cars mean the wheelchair, needing help getting in and out and the big one, needing to be pushed in the chair (shoulders, he's fairly good strength wise but the rotator cuff is shot). Which absolutely kills a guy who rode horses from ages 4 to 92, owned a motorbike at 14, laid concrete for the Alaska pipeline, raced horses into his 60s, and drove until he was 93/94. A tad bit used to having control. Also has the maddening/hilarious "men not wanting to bother their daughters" thing. Like, "She has Mondays off and she'd also need to take a day off work for your funeral, Frank." (To which the daughters are like "I have Mondays off, and anyways the cardiologist beats the morgue, you know?")


I realized I don't know if uor local VA clinic actually *has* in house PT anyways. I'm seriously appreciating all of the things that are basically "call the places and find out the things". And that would be a well-phrased fax, thank you. 