And sometimes it is good... Was at my local VAMC for a primary care visit. After I had to do a few labs (had to wait about 4-5 minutes...) and go pickup some medications at the pharmacy as I am going on a trip and didn't want them mailed. 

At the pharmacy the guy walking in the door before me is assisting an older vet in a rolling walker with a seat. The Vet is seated, and he gets called to do his consult with the pharmacist. Stands part way up, and does a major face plant! Oh crap... 

A VA police officer was standing a couple of feet away and immediately rushed to aid the vet. The pharmacist can't (directly as there is no path past her counter, however another employee immediately comes out (followed closely by the pharmacist). The officer calls in the fall, and within about two minutes we have another three responders to assist! All competent, all working together as a team. 

The Vet did possibly hurt his knees. They were able to get him up and into a wheelchair and rushed him to urgent care for x-rays and treatment. 

Everyone reacted well, kept the Vet calm and comfortable. 

Sometimes bad things like falls happen. This case it was in a first class facility where things were done well. Hat's off to the VAMC for their great job. 
 Good to hear. Which hospital is this, if you dont mind me asking?

You shpuld 'Tell it to the Director'. My local VAMC in Lincoln NE is absolutely fantastic. They got me in for three appointments in two days, ive never had a problem there and they work hard and always take great care of me.

I'm at the Topeka KS va for 7 weeks for an inpatient PTSD program and they have been nothing but professional and absolutely courteous to me during my struggle to get better here. I haven't been to the main hospital yet but here in the ptsd program area they are amazing.

I think it's more important to come here and say praises when the VA gets shit done right because there is so much negativity out there about the VA dropping the ball. Vets in my age bracket (OIF/OEF/OND) shy away from the VA because of it. And I've had nothing but phenomenal experiences with the VHA side. My (primary) VA is the VAMC in Manchester NH. Five stars, only down is parking. I can live with that, seems many don't know about the second parking lot on the other side! 

I did tell the administration. They were happy to hear about it.  I too go to the Manchester VA and I've never had an issue. My other half on the other hand (Navy Vet) constantly has issues and the only way she ever got any help there was by going through Kelly Ayottes office. 