Helping a disabled homeless veteran in Seattle I've lived in Seattle for a while, and I walk by a homeless Vietnam vet regularly on my way to work. Apparently, his bag containing his ID was stolen a few years ago. He's waiting on the VA to produce identification papers and a voucher to get a state ID, so he can get his Social Security payments and find a home.

In the meantime, he sleeps on a porch and begs for cash from people passing by. I usually give him $20 most days, 'cause food's expensive here. I had thought about helping him earlier, but he insisted that the VA would come through with his paperwork. However, he has smoked for decades, and it's finally causing lung failure. Now, he cannot walk more than about 20 feet without resting for a while.

Here's what I think I can do:

1. He put in a request for a manual wheelchair a month ago, but still doesn't have it. So, I got him a good-quality used one off Craigslist. However, he discovered that his arms don't work as well as he thought, so he'll really need a power chair to get around. I can get him a good used power chair off of Craigslist, and have it tuned up at a local mobility nonprofit for cheap. However, using a power chair can be dangerous without the advice of a health care professional. Do you think I should get him one?

2. He also has an arrangement for a trailer and a trailer park once he gets his Social Security money, but I'm not sure he's going to get it in time for winter. I can almost certainly raise funds to get him in the trailer, but I'm concerned that it's not the best place for him in his current health. He has made it clear, however, that he does not want to die in a hospital. It would be great if I could get him into a veterans' center (e.g. Compass Veterans Center), but I'm not sure if there's space. What should I do about that? Contact a VA social worker. Specifically one in the homeless program.  Have him go to King county veterans in the public health building on 4th and Blanchard. They will connect him with our housing and homelessness services in the county like Help him get a housing assessment and his ID. Have him go monday.  Are you sure he's really a Veteran?

Both VA and non-VA social work homeless outreach teams would have gotten him an ID already. They're very skilled at this.  http://www.pugetsound.va.gov/services/homeless_program.asp

Here are the phone numbers so you do not have to click link:
(206) 277-6115 for Seattle and
(253) 583-2825 for American Lake 