Im getting scared. I was in the Israeli army for 3 years. I fought in Protective edge in 2014. In that operation i lost my leg. My whole fucking leg. That fucking operation was pointless. My friends got killed for nothing. Because 2 years later theres another war about to break out in that same place where my friends died and i lost my sanity. I dont live in Israel anymore. My wife and i moved to America because she got a really good job. These past few days i have been out of my mind with PTSD. I cant go into my kitchen because beeping makes me think of a bomb. Sirens make me think of a rocket attack. I break out in a cold sweat at night. I scream. Last night i hit my wife. I  didnt mean to.. I really didnt. I thought she was someone else. I feel terrible for that. She understands. But i am more and more afraid of myself. Because i am a foreign vet obviously i cant get any help in america. even if i could i wouldn't feel okay with that. Thats for American vets. Not Israeli citizens in america. Every night i try to sleep and i cant stop thinking about that one night in Gaza where we were ambushed. My friend was killed. I lost my leg. I keep seeing his face in my mind. His eyes. Trying to wake him up but he was clearly dead. The screams play in my head like a fucking CD stuck on repeat. I cant escape this. I am traveling back to Israel for 10 days this summer with my wife and newborn. I am going to Har Hertzl (Our Arlington) to go to my friends grave. Its also 10 years since my brother was shot and killed in another war. Now that i have a kid, i want to be a good dad.my leg is gone. My mental state is fucked. I dont leave my house much anymore. My wife has a hard time getting my wheelchair in the car and when we go out the simplest things set me off. Today i tried to go out with my wife and daughter. We went to a mall. We sat in the food court. I heard a bang ( A bag of chips i think) and i started to freak. I rolled out of my chair and under the table. The worst part was seeing people laugh at me. I told my wife i wont leave my house anymore. Because if i see a police car and hear a siren i will freak. Or any sound. I apologize for the rant. I just dont know how i am supposed to live a full life like this. Im going to have to now that i have a kid.  But these nightmares wont stop.  Retreating from the world will solve nothing for you.

You have done courageous things above and beyond most people on this Earth. The strength is there, you just need to find it again.

Do not ever discount your abilities. They have carried you this far, and they will carry you much further than you can imagine.

Reach out to other American veterans. You will only find open arms. You know their experiences and struggles. You've been in the same fight as them, just wearing a different uniform. Oh and i lost my leg during a supposed cease fire. So much for that. I am proud to have served. Its was my duty. (We are conscripted)  I just am bitter about this whole mess. My wife served, my whole family did. My brother died. I looked up to that man. He was a great guy. I miss him terribly. I cant believe it was 10 years ago. i had another brother killed in 2002. My neigbors called my childhood home ''The house of the angels of death'' because the army unit that reports injury's and deaths is nicknamed the angels of death. They all dress in a certain uniform and knock on your door. When my brother died in 2006 i was home. My father tried to jump out a window. My mother and sister just screamed. I had to restrain my father from jumping to his death. When i was wounded there was rumor i was killed. When the angels of death came to my neighborhood, My dad saw them walk towards our house and he walked towards them and said '' I have already buried 2 sons. Let me guess the youngest didn't make it this time''  When they told him i was fine, just wounded and missing my goddamned leg. My father nodded and said ''He would've been better off dead. I suppose you will be back soon to tell me about my daughter'' 

That still sticks with me. He may have been right.  You might consider a visit to your local chapter of the VFW.  If the one near you is anything like the one near me they would be very open and supportive.  At the least it would be a place where you could find people to talk to who understand. Look into the mental health benefits offered through your wife's benefits.  

Maybe you can;t get into the stuff that is intended for US vets, but there is plenty of other counseling available out there.

Have your wife also check if there is a EAP available (Employee Assistance Program).  My job offers extended services including up to 8 free counseling appointments through a referred provider (something that I have just set up for myself) I'm a vet as well my friend. My time in the Marines sounds like a cake walk in comparison to what you have described my friend. Regardless I still walked away with a few ticks. Do some research on ptsd cures. The science out right now is amazing. They are doing great research in fear and even being able to go back, remember the event and introduce new elements to it slowly changing the memory itself. Well, not the specifics, but what feelings are associated with it. There are now albit slowly using marijuana to treat ptsd. If you are new to marijuana considering how tight you are wound i would suggest indica, dark green, CBD based not sativa, light green, THC based. The difference is indica will chill you out and give you couch lock, allow you to relax while the sativa is more of a mental stimulant. If you do try it, do your research! the sci is still kinda new on it but from personal experience it can be a little addictive. like giving up caffeine or sugar. They have even started using LSD/Ketamine/MDMA in some studies with some positive results but the sci on this is way to new. I would suggest following it but not trying it until you had solid data and even professional guidance. The last thing i would suggest is meditation. It sounded stupid and I feel a little silly every time I start but just taking fifteen minutes a day to get yourself in check can help a lot.  You have a point. Somewhere i have the straighten inside of me to deal with all this. Locking my self in my house wont help me.  I'm sorry to hear about your current state of feeling overwhelmed. I feel as if what may be helpful for you is to locate, if possible, other veterans that you can find security talking with and perhaps, if you see it helpful, connect with them. I read that you had Israeli military experience and anyone with trauma exposure would react similarly as you are because you have endured so much difficult experiences without being able to process them effectively. Again,  I am pulling for you to find the strength to find supports and make your family life work. בְּהַצְלָחָה your guidance might be on the right track... Veterans of Foreign War will at least have people there with similar experiences and background that he can at least talk to. 

You can't look at it like the war or operation was useless... it's ALL useless. We've been at war for thousands of years and we fight over the same issues, land, and resources people died for centuries ago. When our time is called upon to fight, we fight. Be proud that you at least were willing to defend something or fight for something in your timeline. 

The triggers to your PTSD need to be resolved and addressed. Talk with a mental health professional... maybe just build a relationship with a fellow vet (who cares what army, they all experienced the sucked). 

Good luck man, your family needs you and the online veteran community is a good resource. We type words on these screens, but to your eyes these words matter. Be strong. 
 I will look into it. Thank you. This.  EAPs are a hidden treasure.  Hardly anyone uses them but they help tremendously.  Some of the referred providers have significant experience working with combat veterans.  Not sure if your wife's plan covers spouses, but it is certainly worth a look. I went the medicinal route and it made me feel worse.  
Im also so doped up on Painkillers that i always feel out of it. I may try to meditate. Its good that they are finding ways to treat PTSD. By the time by daughters in the army hoepfully they will have better ways to treat this shit. (She is going to have to serve, we all have to in Israel) 
I havent really gone for professional mental help, just for the physical issues
( Hearing, my leg etc) i need to do that. I am more afraid of the reaction i may get. Lots of people arent big fans of the IDF. And in terms of therapy .. I have a very very strong accent. Most people as it is cant understand me. Its tough being a disabled vet from israel and now a new immigrant to america. But i need to fight through this for my kid more than anything.   Anybody who tells you this will be easy is lying.

Treat it like any of the hard things you dealt with in the military. One moment at a time. One day at a time.

You have a goal. Show your kid what being courageous is all about.

Don't ever stop moving towards that goal, even if you fall in the mud and get kicked in the teeth a few times. Thank you. That may be helpful. Thanks. I need to find a way to get on track now that i am a father. Very true.  My insurance plan itself has a $3k deductible for mental health services - but with the EAP I can get up to 8 counseling sessions per issue per year for free.  

I'll be honest, I've never looked into counseling for myself before, so this is a whole new thing for me - and I'm finding the EAP a godsend.   