CRSC Approval. How to know the amount each month? Hello, I'm posting for my husband as he is not a computer guy (Vietnam Veteran, USMC). Hope that's ok, as I am not a Veteran. 

So -- he was recently approved at 100% for Combat Related Special Compensation. He's been at 100% permanent and total disability with the VA since 1995. He's a leg amputee from gunshot wounds and had other combat injuries as well, has two purple hearts. He's been in a wheelchair for 7 years now, can't swing the leg any more because of a bullet still lodged in his lower back. He was retired medically after eight years, serving 1965 to 1973. 

He never knew about CRSC but I guess they opened it to retirees with less than 20 years back in 2008. A friend told us about it a few months ago, after he was diagnosed with Agent Orange related lung cancer. Our local VSO isn't sure how they calculate the amount for CRSC.

My husband has a waiver for his retirement pay -- the last paperwork I could find says he waived a little over $600 per month to get the 100% disability pay instead. So, he is wanting to know if that is how much more he will get per month now? Or is it calculated differently? I think /u/RobinHoodEsqVetsAtty is confusing CRDP and CRSC. Your husband is probably a Chapter 61 retiree and would not be eligible for CRDP as he did not retire with 20 years of service. My understanding is that CRSC can be backdated to 2003 but I am not 100% sure on this. How much he would receive I have no idea and it will more than likely take months to get the back payment.

https://www.hrc.army.mil/TAGD/CRSC%20Chapter%2061%20Retirement If you are 50% or more, you get BOTH your military retired pay and the VA compensation. So whatever his retired pay is is what he should be spiffed back (although there may be some tax issues, but that’s the gist).

CRSC is for when you have less than a 50%. Ordinarily you can’t get both retired pay and compensation but for combat injuries (Agent orange counts) they still let you draw it.

It sounds like he’s 100%. CRDP applies, so he gets the 100% comp plus his retired pay,  although it can take a while to do those calculations.  I think you are correct, I’m at the ragged edges of my competency here. Retirement isn’t really my thing, and CRDP/CRSC Are a separate animal from the type of work that I do. So you can get military retired pay but NOT be eligible for CRDP and thus lose money even if your comp is 50% or more? If that’s the case CRSC ought to apply but that won’t help a 17year retiree who gets injured in a training accident if that’s how it works. I’m not surprised her VSO rep is confused. :)  I don’t know if they will go all the way back to 2008 to fix it though.  I'm confused - the approval says CRSC, not CRDP. The VSO said it wouldn't be taxable. Yes, CRDP requires 50% VA disability and 20 or more year retirement - which total screws over all medical retirees with less than 20 years of AD. From my limited knowledge, OP's spouse is eligible for CRSC which any retiree with combat related injuries can receive. https://www.dfas.mil/retiredmilitary/disability/crsc.html 

I'm a 60% VA 24 year AD retirement so I qualify for CRDP - never served in combat, so no CRSC for me I believe but I haven't applied for it. The majority of my service connected disabilities are for things like headache/neck injury which rated me as 30% but is not a standard medical named injury (doctor made up a name to put on my retirement physical - very long story) which started while on a field exercise, knee injury (occurred at my house but Cdr did yes LOD), 10% diminished lung capacity, 10% hip (caused by poorly treated knee injury), 10% lower back, 10% right arm, etc. CRSC must be Disabilities that may be considered combat related include injuries incurred as a direct result of:
Armed Conflict
Hazardous Duty
An Instrumentality of War
Simulated War

So after I retire from my current job at age 62, I'll spend some time on increasing my disabilities and applying for CRSC. I think you are correct. After some searching, I think it might be 6 years? Wow...that could be amazing! Ever since the lung cancer diagnosis, my husband has been so scared he's going to leave me in a bad position financially. 

He asked me not to work a regular job several years ago because there are a lot of things he needs help with. He can't use a prosthetic, and no crutches allowed after a total shoulder replacement. 

I'm not all that concerned, I'm frugal... I know I can get a job and I know about DIC now too. I currently do some work from home to help our finances, but he wants so much to pay off the house for me before he goes. I just want him to focus on getting better so if he actually gets back pay it would ease his mind a lot.

He even applied for aid and attendance a few months ago. He tried some years back and was denied and hates going through an appeals but he's really determined about it now. VA compensation is not taxable. Military retired pay is taxable. The purpose of CRSC is so that you get both retired pay and compensation for combat specific injuries when your combined eval is under 50 percent, but I don’t think that applies here. Maybe Retired pay under CRSC is not taxable (I bet it is), I’m sorry I don’t know for sure.

If his retired pay is 800 a month, I think he ought to be getting 800$ a month (less taxes) plus $3000+ per month for his 100% VA Compensation. Ask your VSO to explain. :)

(Edit: it doesn’t mean that they didn’t say CRSC applies at 100%, but it should mean he just gets his retired pay plus VA comp.)



 I don’t think you need CRSC? You should already be getting both your military retired pay and your 60 percent comp, right damn now. Are you not? Am I missing something? We talked to his VSO and he sent this link to us:  
https://www.dfas.mil/retiredmilitary/disability/comparison.html

He said my husband is over 60 and it is CRSC. If that's the case, do you think he would he still get the $600+ per month that has been waived? I don't want him to get his hopes up and be hugely disappointed.  I am and my understanding is you can get either CRDP or CRSC but I havn't looked into which is better to have 