Google's voice typing in google docs is a game changer! It might save my job. Hey everyone, 

basically what the title said. If you go into Google Docs and go to tools and click voice-typing, you can talk into your laptop mic and it writes whatever you say. I have been dictating my case notes for work. My case notes are more clear, twice as detailed and take half the time. Also it takes away almost all my procrastination because I love to talk. I don't know if this will work for everyone but I think I may have solved one of my biggest hurdles at work!

TL;DR I have to write clear case notes quickly, and I just found that I can do it without typing. :D DUDE. You have no idea how topical this is for me today! I literally just went through the hassle of downloading Evernote and their enhanced dictation  add-on to be able to do this! I use google docs usually but didn’t think they’d have something like that.


I’ve used both now and I can say the Google Docs one is WAY better. Thank you!  I gotta try this for class! Gonna try this out for my DM notes/sessions woohoo! Now I just need a tool that makes people never talk to me and instead do everything in written text :) Is there a chance there might be a plug in for Microsoft word?  Wow this would have been so helpful & less awkward for me in college then the typists disability resources set me up with who I would dictate to in order to get a first draft started/done.

SO AWKWARD. Is technology at a point yet where voice dictation is accurate?

Do you find yourself able to talk fairly normally without it misinterpreting too much of what you said? 

My laptop keyboard is broken and I’ve just been typing on my phone’s notes app, which instantly syncs with the notes on my computer, and copying and pasting from there, lol. Could be nice to dictate some things if it actually worked well.  'case notes' you mean like progress notes? like for therapy or case management or something? how do you know what to say? Did it take practice? if it's possible could you provide more detail on your process? Second that.  This could really cut down on the time it takes me write essays.  Why do I always forget technology exists lol Please don't speak your notes during class. There might be some kind of plug in for voice to text. This one is built into google docs though, I had just never seen it before.  Assuming you have a fairly standard American or UK accent you'll get about 80% to 90% accuracy. If you have an accent and there's no localization uh good luck.

Also best of luck with your keyboard. I've had to buy a replacement for my HP twice now.  I just started yesterday doing it the notes by voice. I work as a case manager helping homeless people find housing. But we need to document anything we do, which I am always getting behind on. So I found this and I basically sit infront of my screen and say about a sentence at a time. It usually gets the sentence right but I mumble a bit so it may write toupee in stead of to pay. 

Staff went to meet with blank. Blank looked like they were doing well. Staff said blank, they responded blank. Staff agreed to do blank by next meeting.  I was thinking it would be great for essays if I was in school. It doesn't pick up everything, i would say it picks up 85% while speaking at a normal pace. P.S. it doesn't do grammar for you. You have to either say comma or do it after. Speaking of which... I used a [Livescribe](https://www.livescribe.com/en-us/) pen & notebooks to record my notes & lectures in grad school (they weren't around for my undergrad *sobs*) and it was WORTH IT.

Touch the pen (or cursor if uploaded) to any place in my notes & the lecture would start playing FROM THAT SPOT. *sigh* Maybe I should start using these in my non-school related things too. Damn I wish I found this tip a few months ago. I work in the social services field too, always struggled with staying up to date on notes. Starting at a behavioral hospital soon. It's paperwork city there. 

That example is just what I need. Thanks so much. It is  fantastic for a rough draft.  Thanks for the tips and this post, I’m pretty decent at editing but getting those initial thoughts out and organized....different story lol. 85% recognition and lack of grammar over staring a blank screen works for me :)

Also I hope work life keeps improving OP with this new tool in the tool box!  