Long-term Dexedrine use and depression Okay, so kind of a long post but please bare with me.

I was diagnosed with ADD in 3rd grade and started taking stimulants then, so around the age of 11. I believe I was on Ritalin. I've been on some sort of stimulate since that age for the past 7 years. I've taken Ritalin, Adderall, Concerta (briefly), and Dexedrine (which is what I'm on now). I've taken some sort of stimulate literally everyday since the age of 11. Because I do homework on the weekends as well, I just figured it would be a good idea to take it those times to. I'd also take it during holiday breaks so that I wouldn't lose the habit of remembering to take it everyday. That's just how it's always been. I thought I had to take it everyday to like keep up a steady flow of the medicine. After I began taking stimulants, I became an extremely anxious child. Though my parents thought that was partially caused by the medication, they mostly thought it was a result of me entering puberty and middle school. But I've just ended up becoming a rather anxious and paranoid. Like, it's one of my main personality traits. And sort of dictates my life. 

So now I'm just starting college. It's two months and I am horribly, horribly depressed. Literally, I have such terrible, terrible mood swings and bouts of paranoia. Said paranoia has caused me so much trouble, even damaging several of my relationships. I constantly feel it. I'm constantly worrying. It's so exhausting. 

So I decided to go to a psychiatrist to get some help. She prescribed me Lamictal, thinking that I might be bipolar (two years ago, I tried to take Zoloft but ended up going manic as a result of it. Evidentially, a reaction like that is indicative of bipolar tendencies). 

So I see her a second time and I begin describing my anxiety, but she points out that my anxiety is atypical to most anxiety. My anxiety involves no physical symptoms. My heart doesn't beat fast, my hands don't get clammy. Nothing like that. I just get super, super, super paranoid. Horribly so. Like, I can't do anything else but worry and fret. Sometimes, during really bad episodes, I'll get weird ticks - like I'll become super aware of my breathing and blinking and both will become funny as a result. 

We got onto the topic of my Dexedrine and she found it really weird that I've been taking stimulants literally everyday of my life since I was 11. She then said that this might be the cause for my depression and paranoia. She was saying that it can build up in your system so much that it can cause a chemical imbalance, or something like that. She was saying that I should stop taking it everyday, and only when necessary - like when I have a test or when I have to do a lot of homework. 

My question is if this is true? I know she's an expert and that I'm asking strangers, but has anybody experienced depression or mood changes as a result of long-term use of stimulants? And am I abusing stimulants without even realizing it? Because I was reading somewhere else that abuse of stimulants can cause spurts of euphoria. Whenever I take my Dexedrine (particularly on an empty stomach), I'll feel super positive and confident and "up". But only really, really briefly. And I thought that that was normal? That everyone feels that after taking some of it. Is this not true? 

The reason why I'm asking is also because this psychiatrist, even though she's obviously an expert, does seem to have a bias against stimulants. She just seems to generally not like them. I asked her if she ever prescribed them and if she had something against them (because I know they're a controversial issue), and she said that she had no issue with them. But she did seem to have a negative view of them, and I'm wondering if such a view might by tainting her answer to me.  Very interesting. I am new to ADD and have been reading this subreddit for the past several months. I have learned some truly life changing information. I expect many comments to your post, soon. I also look forward to learning more from the answers provided by other ADD/ADHDr's with medication experience.

I have a long awaited diagnostic appt coming in about 4 weeks from now! I am 50+ and after reading and lurking on Reddit I decided to make an account for the specific reason of learning more about ADD in women, losing weight etc.

Just trying to share that you are in the right place to learn about ADD/ADHD. Yeah I hope I get some more comments to. I’m really desperate to figure out what other people’s experiences are :(  