Nothing ever occurs fast enough or is satisfying Is this a part of ADHD or something else? Is this moreso related to depression?

I just constantly feel extreme impatience and a need to do specific things right when they're in my head and am constantly dissatisfied with everything. Like, I have a crush on someone who told me they were potentially interested but just got out of a relationship, so I'm trying to "calculate" whether or not I should spend time hanging out with them, or if my time is better suited for other things. 

Or, I'll have an opportunity to hang out with friends drinking or chilling and the whole time I'm thinking "I've met these people and now I'm bored of them and don't enjoy them anymore unless we do something extreme like going to a NEW theme park while stoned out of our minds" so I just end up leaving hangouts without saying bye to anyone.

Or I'll get a tinder match and want to meet RIGHT AWAY because I feel the need to start writing 5 uncompleted short stories, get a new job, book a trip to asia, start 3 new bands, get scuba certification etc...all tomorrow.

TLDR: I need continuous extreme experiences and bore of everything and everyone Im the same way i just need to do something NEW every day so i dont get bored Impatience can totally be part of ADD, I used to be the same way. I think that technology was the main thing that made me crave instant gratification more. I am better with that whole thing when I stop using technology and browsing reddit as much as I want to. My solution was to limit screen time and go outside as much as I can. Some of what you mentioned could also be depression and how it interacts with your ADD. If I were you I’d get a hobby, I started painting and it makes me really happy to have something that I can take my time doing and enjoy the process.  this is a man who's yet to discover quickcut porn compilations  Impatience yeah I can relate. I was recently diagnosed and I just got off the phone attempting to move appointments forward. I need to get this shit figured out now before I ruin my own life, the 10th feels so far away even though it’s not. I totally agree. If I'm not working on something right away that's in my head, because I'm busy with what I'm doing I get fed up of working on what I'm doing. That I won't touch it for a while. 
Like me and my bf are wanting to move,but I need it to happen now because I'm so done with where we are.  