Reading troubles?? Whenever I read anything I have to go back and read it over and over again before I have any idea what I am reading. Sometimes I can’t focus on what I’m reading so I’m just going through the motions and it doesn’t stick. My new job requires a lot of reading since it’s an industry I’ve never been a part of until now and it’s been difficult for me to keep up with the information because my mind just wanders off so I spend countless hours out of the office watching videos and googling the things I need to know so I’m not behind but it’s so exhausting. Does anyone else experience this?  Constantly!  And its been a problem for as long as I can remember.  I always had terrible reading comprehension scores on stadardized tests and realized a few years ago that I never read a book entirely from start to finish until college.  And even then, it was something I chose to read on my own.

My job requires a lot of reading, too, and I loathe it.  I always ask my manager for working sessions after I've been trained on something because I simply cannot learn from just reading a job aid.  I need somebody to show me and work with me on something.

It's one of the most frustrating things I experience with this disorder and I'm so sick of reading paragraphs a thousand times until it sticks.  Funnily enough, though, this was my first sign I had ADHD. Could you possibly take notes on the new material or create a presentation? I don't know how hard that'd be, but worth a shot.

&#x200B;

When I'm able to, it helps.  Are you medicated?  ADHD meds solved that problem for me.  

Before, I’d take notes as I’m reading to stay focused on the text.  I’d write down themes on the edges of the book.  Highlighting also helps.  Especially, if you color code.   I have this problem, and my attention seems to wander off to any and everything but what I'm trying to read. And if I'm trying to memorize whatever it is I'm reading, good lord. 

I can never actually store it in my mind for me to copy or something, and I can even be staring right at what I need to copy and have trouble with it between the time my eyes shift from what I'm copying to where I'm copying it. I don't know where my mind is most of the time, lol.  I have this if it is really dense material.

I can read fun books all day (sometimes literally all day if I hyperfocus).

But dense academic material can be difficult.

I've found reading aloud or teaching it to someone else can help me push though and stay engaged with tough material. 

Also, some people break pages up in increments and put candy on each section as a reward. 