Teacher looking for help: How do I help this student? I teach fifth grade. I have a student who has a rough background. Not super-rough, as far as rough-backgrounds go, but rough-enough.

I'm a firm believer that parents are the greatest factors in a child's success and while she lives a fine suburban life and hasn't see the same hardships as some other kids I've taught, her parents are pieces of work, and as I teach upper elementary, some serious issues exist that have kind of isolated her and destroyed a lot of usual developmental paths for her.


Please understand that this post is to try to find ways to make her successful but I am human. 

This student has not been diagnosed for ADHD. However, due to academic struggles in kinder and in 1st, the student was held back a year (which my district and campus in particular are not big on doing, I've only known 4 cases on my campus in 7 years), and then also given some small services as part of a 504 referral.

From that point, since our 504 and SPED departments are housed in close quarters, the sped and content mastery rooms overserviced her, turning her designated support of 30 minutes of therapy twice a week into hours of CM time and 1 on 1 support.

Parents were a bitch to deal with and we also took on several transfers and new students who were in need of heavy SPED support. For several years we took on undiagnosed autistic students that required aides/minders for violence/self-harm/running-risk students which meant our sped team was understaffed and stretched thin. 


With their hands full now, this student stopped being overserviced and at the end of the year before last, was fully tested. I'm fuzzy on the details here as I'm only getting this info second hand, but I believe at this point the parents were told (by the SPED team's formal testing) that she did not qualify for any SPED services but they suspected ADHD. 


I have tried pretty much everything to help her be successful but nothing has made any difference. No one can offer any suggestions, either. Previous teachers feel pity and disdain and have no new information to give me on what to try or any successful strategies that work. SPED and CM teachers that worked with her also have nothing to help. My VPs and principal are pretty okay with just passing her on (since we can't hold back again in elementary school) and also have no info to share. The guidance counselor has worked with her for years and has no suggestions. The electives teachers (art/pe/music/french/library) who have worked with her for most of her time at school also have no suggestions.


Her parents are a huge part of the problem. I don't want to give too many details that could be identifiable, but they are not supportive of homework, discipline, studying, tutoring times, diagnosing, or medicating. And please don't get me wrong--I am not advocating for or against medicating and that's something that could get me fired. I mention it because one of the parent's first emails with me mentioned the possibility of a learning disability. However, since the student has been tested and found to not have anything, a diagnosis of ADHD from her physician could help me to get her 504 services that could do something to make her successful. And I've phrased it as such. Medicate or not, a quiet place to work and more 1 on 1 time is a short Dr's note away, but parents are dragging their feet.

Last year the student failed her standardized testing. A raw score of 7 correct questions out of 34. Normally, this would be the pass/fail year as a kind of "gate" to middle school. But it doesn't really matter since we can't hold her back again.


Here are my issues:

* The student doesn't know her times tables. Not a few gaps, as would be expected and common, but can't do 3x2, 4x6, 4x8, etc. 

* The student hasn't reached automaticity in her common addition facts like doubles, either. 6+6, 7+5, etc. They are a struggle.

* The student can't utilize strategies that students who struggle with things like that would normally utilize. For example, writing out a table and doing 7/14/21/28/35/42/49/56 to arrive at 7x8. 

* Without prompting, the student does nothing. With prompting to utilize strategies like that, she still loses focus before finishing them effectively, and her lack of grounding in kinder/1st grade math skills makes her addition scaffolding awful as well. She might do 7/14/20/25/32/39/53 and write that as her answer. That's an actual example.

* Special seating, fidget toys, alternative incentives or punishments, none of it works. In a math lesson, I lose her before I finish writing the example problem.

* In one day, she receives anywhere from 50-75 redirections. It's difficult to say what an "average" amount is because it varies so much. The "teachers pet" kind of kids would have 0, the 'average' student would have 2-3, and the kid with serious behavior issues (the kind of kid where every teacher knows their name) would be anywhere from 15-30. Her level of misbehavior is easily 3x as worse as other "behavior issue" students.

* This student is incredibly disrespectful. I just roll with it and try to "kill" her attitude with kindness, but she gets in trouble almost every day with either lunch/recess minders, carpool minders, or PE/french/art/music teachers. For disrespect, not just talking out of turn or misbehaving. 

* Unlike other students with similar struggles, including my other diagnosed and unmedicated students with ADHD, she consistently scores below 20% on assessments. 

* Using models, manipulatives, pictures, and multiple strategies to communicate a relatively simple concept, she will still be unsuccessful in making any conceptual links. If I ask her to copy down a pie model of 1/8th after drawing it in front of her in 1 on 1 time, she will lose focus before finishing the first fraction line and need reminders.

* She struggles in all subjects, but can be borderline passing anywhere else.


I've been teaching a relatively long time. I've had students come to me with similar scores. I've helped kids pass standardized testing who have never passed before in years and years of previous testing. I have kids who are in the 8th-20th percentile of the nation on various assessments that I can still help to gain some measure of success. I've never given up on a student before, but she is kind of single handedly crushing my soul. Previous students that my wife knows by heart because of the endless grief they caused for me? I would easily do ten more years with them to avoid another like this. I've never had a student fail to pass our standardized testing, despite incoming students having around a 54% pass rate. I put in a lot of goddamn effort into my job. I was a teacher of the year. 


But nothing I've tried has helped this student gain any measure of achievement. More to the point--I need her, at the very least, to not be a detriment to all of the peers she sits next to as she immediately tries to distract them if I'm not sitting/standing right next to her, and sometimes even then.

I've talked to other teachers, I've read articles, and I've used another throwaway on teaching subreddits. 

Did anyone here have such severe struggles in math? Was there anything that worked for you? What do I do? What can I do? 

 Thank you for all the effort that you expend to help your students! I wish I had some helpful information but I do not. I just wanted to thank you.   You are awesome for seeking answers. 

I am not a doctor, but this doesn't sound 100% ADHD to me... it sounds like something else or maybe some co-morbid conditions. I know that might not be helpful. As a female adult with ADHD type PI, this just doesn't resonate with me or the people I know with ADHD...  Do you think she could have dyscalculia?  It's like dyslexia, but with numbers.  That or severe mental retardation are the only things I can imagine at this point.  It has to be something else besides ADHD.

Or, do you think she just straight up doesn't care?  She knows she's going to pass and go to 5th grade no matter what.  What incentive does she have to care?  It's highly probable that her self esteem is in the shitter and her parents aren't helping.  She may be being abused and anything, even getting in trouble all day, is better than being at home.  She might not know how to act because sometimes kids with ADHD don't naturally pick up on behavioral cues and she may never have been taught the right way.  This whole situation sounds very sad.  Bravo for not giving up on her. Try to find out what her strengths/interests are rather tban focusing on the areas she struggles with. Not everyone has to be good at math. If you focus on what she is good at and help her develop skills in those areas it can build confidence that theb may help her pick up on the areas she struggles with at least enough to get a passing grade. 

Thats just one suggestion to try. I think Delivered from Distraction talks about a school in the States that does this. It started with a teacher trying to help a student who was extremely shy and struggled in class. She built a relationship wifh him and discovered he loved cars and so assigned him a project for the year where he could learn about cars and present on it at the end of the year.. (Cant remember the exact project...). As he worked on the project his confidence grew and he became more sociable and performed better in his other subjects. 


It sucks when your whole life your a fish being forced to climb a tree with a bunch of monkeys when really you should have been learning to swim :)  \> Did anyone here have such severe struggles in math? Was there anything that worked for you? What do I do? What can I do?

What you wrote reminds me of my struggles with arithmetics so much it literally took my breath away. In my case, the issues are tied to an impairment of nonverbal working memory, which is one of the places ADHD hits you. You said your student is an artist, so I doubt her impairment is \*exactly\* the same as mine. (My visual memory is shot to pieces: if a thing is not in front of me I can't picture it other than as a vague colourless shape.) But if she does have ADHD, it's quite likely that her sensory working memory is messed up in some way that is negating your (and her) hard work. 

According to Russell Barkley's model of ADHD, if you struggle to hold or retrieve information from one or more of your senses, then functions that rely on those senses are not going to be available to you. You will struggle with sequencing your actions to do a task, because you don't easily recall what it felt like to do it last time. You will struggle to imitate behaviour of others, because you can't hold an internal representation of what you've observed them do. You may lack self-awareness, because you don't easily recall your past actions, or how other people reacted, so you don't imagine consequences of what you're about to do. Etc etc etc. 

I obviously can't diagnose your student. But I'd like to make a couple of comments about what you wrote and about how working memory issues could explain what you're observing.

"- The student doesn't know her times tables. Not a few gaps, as would be expected and common, but can't do 3x2, 4x6, 4x8, etc.

\- The student hasn't reached automaticity in her common addition facts like doubles, either. 6+6, 7+5, etc. They are a struggle."

Have you tried to imagine a hypercube, or a 4D surface recently? Really picture what it would look like. If trying to do this makes you dizzy, now you know roughly what I feel trying to add 6+7. That's before I remember I'm an adult, and am allowed to count on my fingers if I have to. Times tables? I have to whisper them. In my native language, because what I'm doing is not recalling concepts or meanings, but letting my mouth walk through what it knows.

It's not just a matter of learning style, but recall technique. If your student doesn't have a memorisation \*and recall\* strategy that compensates for her specific issues, as soon as she stops looking at the times tables, they may as well not exist any more. Trying to use impaired "mind's eye" to retrieve them is completely pointless.

"-The student can't utilize strategies that students who struggle with things like that would normally utilize." \[...\] "Without prompting, the student does nothing."

This is the key pair of sentences that made me suspect that your student has an memory/ADHD problem, not a maths problem. Without prompting, she may not even remember \*that\* there are strategies for doing sums. Or she may remember that she was shown a strategy at some point, but not what it was. Or she may just remember intense feeling of discomfort of having tried to use it, and failed. 

Some people with ADHD never move on from doing sums on paper to mental arithmetics. Some are able to manipulate numbers only, say, with tactile tokens in front of them. Or by colouring in squares, or whatever. If they don't get diagnosed early, more often than not, by the time they're your students age, maths = shame and failure. This was certainly true for me. For years I considered myself "bad at maths", and recalled maths lessons as long stretches of humiliation and torment.

Many years later, it accidentally turned out that I'm actually really good at formal logic, set manipulation, linear algebra, and a bunch of other university-level maths. I tutored half my grad school cohort in stats. But the only way this became possible was by accepting that I need prosthetic recall, and that "I can't hold more than 3 digits in my memory" doesn't mean "I'm doomed never to do maths". It's not a problem of understanding, it's executive dysfunction.

(As for your student's misbehaviour, no comment - I was a daydreamer, not a mouther-off, so idk.)

tl;dr If you can help get this girl tested for ADHD, please do. In the meantime, if she can add/subtract using tokens, let her. She may need solution strategies fed to her one instruction at a time, possibly in smaller steps. Hope this helps at all.      I was exactly in her position growing up. But, my parents were extremely caring and willing to offer extra help with school work etc. I struggled with every subject as a child. I didn’t want to put in the work, couldn’t find effort, and I had a hard time focusing. 

     While reading your question, I picked up potential factors indicating that she could have a few disorders. One of which, ADHD, clearly stood out. She can’t focus, grasp concepts, and doesn’t want to put forth the effort, just to name a few. I have ADHD myself and I experienced her mannerisms before I was diagnosed. 

     Also, she could quite possibly have a behavioral problem. A “normal” student wouldn’t go out of their way to disrupt their peers; causing havoc in the classroom. Additionally, a lot of students who come from a “rough” home life tend to bring the roughness with them. 

     To help her grasp concepts and material will be difficult; I can tell it is already. Most likely, her mind is telling her that she in incapable of succeeding in school. Maybe you could try to teach her one-on-one using learning websites that would gain her attention. I found that math game websites really helped me gain attention, while unknowingly learning at the same time. As far as behavioral issues go, try talking with the school psychologist if you have one. I don’t know if it’s allowed to bring up a students behavior to the psychologist, but it’s just an idea. 

     I really appreciate the effort and determination you are putting forth with this student. Growing up, I wish I had a teacher that was as determind as you are. My teachers always thought that I didn’t try and that I wasn’t capable of learning. Now, I am a senior in high school and I recently have been accepted to Boston University. Though I ended my elementary school to middle school years on a bad note, I ended my high school career on a great note. I truly believe that there is hope for this student and she will have a great turn out.  First of all, thank you so much for being the best of the best for these kiddos. You are what all teachers should be and more. Thank you so much. 

Do you think it's a cultural thing? If so read on. 
Are the parents educated? Are they minorities? Specifically are they south east asians? 
I'm saying this because growing up and going to school, my parents didn't really speak English and they weren't educated. They just knew enough to get by and I never really got the help that I needed in school. But also it wasn't that my parents were bad parents, they were farmers and they were refugee survivors only. Bu Unfortunately I think this is a case too complex for this subreddit to truly help with. The answer lies in specialized psychological evaluation and treatment, but as you said that is complicated as well. 

If(!) it truly is ADHD it falls on the very far end of the spectrum and medication is a must. Medication alone might not be enough, but the chances of anything working without it are very slim.

 However since the parents aren't cooperative this requires a psychologist who is able to break through the stigma associated with it. I know you can't advocate medication, I can however give you some links of ADHD experts who explain what the disorder truly is and why medication is used:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouZrZa5pLXk

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tpB-B8BXk0&t=181s As the mother of a child who has ADHD I also want to thank you for caring so much about your students and your dedication to helping them succeed.  Seriously, your drive to help this particular child brought tears to my eyes.  There are saints that walk among us!

My background is in mental health so of course I immediately think of other psychiatric/neurological/developmental stuff that might be going on.  Has she had private psych testing done or is there a district psychologist who could help arrange something?  I can feel your frustration that there is just *something* off that could really be turned around with the correct accommodations.   The fact that the parents are dragging their feet on the physician diagnosis and documentation is maddening!  I wish you peace and I hope there are some others with advice to help everyone who is involved here. 
 Also female ADHD-PI, and I agree, this sounds more complex and multi-faceted. 

Have you had the parents in and told them everything you’ve said here? Like, *everything,* with the exception of how she makes you want to scream? Because they need to hear it. 

I can’t believe earlier testing found nothing. That sounds like very incomplete testing. Has the school psychologist been in to observe? I’m not a psych but I’m wondering about BPD, ODD. 

Is there any chance there’s abuse in the home? Is she adopted? Could it be fetal alcohol syndrome? Honestly the behavioral issues are much more if a red flag than the math ones, which could have a pretty straightforward explanation. 

How are her verbal skills? Dyslexia?

And yes—you are a rock star teacher. You deserve all the medals.  It doesn't seem like it to me either, which is why I've been trying to get help. 

But I've been blocked on both sides by parents and admin, so the last testing stands and it's all ADHD, according to the official record. No dyscalculia, it was tested for. She's not stupid. She struggles in all subjects for usual adhd related reasons that I can help her manage, but struggling between D's and Bs in other subjects is usually forty percent higher than math, where she can score actual 0s.

>Or, do you think she just straight up doesn't care?

It's hard to tell. Kids aren't good liars and when you spend time with a lot of them it's easy to know when they are. She shows all the signs of caring, disappointment in bad grades, sincere-ish responses to heart to heart talks, occasional tears. But then nothing changes, no practice outside of class (no matter what form it takes-cards, games, worksheets, pictures), and no sincere effort.

I can't honestly say that she knows she'll pass. I haven't told her and mom doesn't strike me as the type to know that rule. Kids kind of take it as gospel when I tell them that. And to be clear, I only say it as a motivating factor: you need to pass to get to sixth, but I promise if you give me your best, we can make sure you pass. Never as a threat. Maybe that's what she needs but I can't do it.

It is very sad. Kids can be very frustrating, especially at this age where the awful habits their parents have incepted are almost impossible to fight. But I've never felt this kind of hate and I hate feeling this way. I want so much to fix this but I don't know how. I get where you are coming from and I completely agree on a philosophical level. I've used this strategy with success for other students. Every other unit in math (unit being roughly week and a half in math) we do a project instead of a test so that students can show their knowledge their way. 

We are huge on project based learning and are currently working (as a school) on getting our PYP certification (part of the IB model) which is huge on inquiry and student led learning. We are trying out exhibition this year where kids get to design and lead their own learning on topics of their own choice. It's one of the most involved projects I've ever seen at any level of pre-college education. Imagine eight kids researching and creating a presentation and actionable change on a global topic over six weeks, for 2 hours a day. 

But I have 26 students and a litany of requirements and rules that I have to follow. She needs to take standardized tests and she needs to show proficiency as well as growth. 

As I've said in other posts, she is smart in her own way. She reads above grade level, is very witty, and is a very talented artist. She loves drawing in manga-style and I've tried to encourage that in her. I've changed projects and rubrics to include these options for her to show her knowledge her way. Then she doesn't take them seriously, puts no effort in, and fails those as well.

When I sit her down and have a conversation with her about her performance, she shows remorse and sadness and always says I'll do better, I'll do better, but then makes no changes. It's almost as if she forgets everything we talked about as soon as she leaves the conversation.

There's actual 0 difference. Other kids might slip up or make only token effort. She literally just doesn't do anything differently. She goes right back to disrupting, staring, or talking without even attempting to apply herself to her math for 5 seconds. I'm not trying to exaggerate or be hyperbolic here. I can count and not make it to to ten from the time she sits down back at her desk and the time that she's off task again. I'm a male teacher in primary so I do a lot with social-emotional learning and I'm far beyond that 'boys don't cry' mentality when I teach. That being said, I was raised that way and I don't cry often. However, reading this has brought tears to my eyes. I feel like this may really be something that can make a difference.


I've used counters and manipulatives and similar strategies before and they've been next to useless with her, but I think you may be right that the problem might also be that she can't remember the steps to utilize them. 

This has made a lot of sense to me and I have some ideas for new task cards that go a step 'backward' and outline her steps for using strategies instead of the steps themselves. 

Do you have any other ideas about what might've helped a younger you at the time?

Thanks so much! I appreciate your response a lot.
We have about 4 different educational technology resources paid for between campus and district levels. Two have math skills K-12. She just clicks through them when assigned individually in class, doesn't log in out of class (although she has her own tablet, we aren't talking about one of my students in poverty), and only works if I'm working with her. In which case, I am neglecting the other struggling kids who also need help.

I've had some other teachers help me get her signed up for some of our K-2 edtech sites. They have some that are conceptualized around "anti-testing" which has some merit. Kids often struggle in math because the tests are all words telling them what to do--making them fail math when reading is the struggle. I've had her see if those "wordless" logic problems can be more helpful, but no luck there either.

It is allowed to refer to the psychologist but that's been an ongoing visit between her, the guidance counselor, and mom for years. No results and no feedback of use.


I really do appreciate your comments though. Part of my job is the necessity to believe that every student can be successful. Every student can go to college or at least find a career that can get them what they want in life. But this is the first time that I've had difficulty seeing the light at the end.

I've had plenty of students who are homeless, migrant, or coming from really rough situations or backgrounds. With them, while they may be 3 years behind, it wasn't difficult to help them achieve something, set them up for future success, and send them on with the firm belief that they were caught up, or on the path to catching up. 

But here I have a student without a rough background, 3 years behind despite tons of support from multiple teachers and advocates, not showing any success and not showing any signs of change. I'm glad that you found success and my heart feels a lot lighter knowing that there's a chance for my kid as well, because it felt like I couldn't see one. I'm still dubious, but I feel better. As I've said, I haven't met Dad. Other teachers have and from their descriptions of interactions with him, he seems like he has some amount of college background.

Mom does not seem very educated and is frequently between jobs, according to hearsay from other teachers. She only had one job change in my time with this student. 

They are not minorities. They are on reduced lunch since they divorced earlier, but mom lives with her parents and so the student doesn't really go wanting for anything as the grandparents are relatively successful (own their home, travel, etc.) and take some of the load of supporting off of the parents.

I appreciate your help! I figured as much, but I was hoping for a longshot miracle of someone here having some deep connection with my story and telling me "That was me growing up! What worked for me and finally helped me do better was when my teacher ____" as a miracle cure for all of my issues.


Thank you for the links, I will be watching them this weekend.

 Unfortunately it's one of those things where what the law requires we do isn't enough. So where normally we all bend over backwards to make things happen for all students, this student is particularly difficult to love. Between her disrespect, complete lack of academic motivation, and the horrible difficulties her parents cause in actively sabotaging the process, my hands are overruled on both sides for getting her any additional services.

Thanks for your kind words and suggestions Yes I have tried. Dad has never responded and mom stopped pretending to be an involved parent after the first month and doesn't respond to emails. I've led training sessions on how to document behavioural and academic issues clinically to get services and parent involvement. I have around twenty pages of typed notes in the most clinical and passive way for my 504 referral meetings that I included in my conference data.

I pulled copies of her work and her peers to compare.

My conference email to these parents just said "pick a time 6am-8pm and I'll meet with you at the school" and we ended up phone conferencing anyway. Mom just deflects or lies.

When she was pretending to be involved she agreed that the diagnosis and services would be helpful and she'd schedule an appointment asap.

Student has been pulled early six times so far for Dr's appointments and still nothing. Likely because they're not really Dr's appointments.

Psych eval did occur last year as part of the battery of tests, and her last teacher confirmed it.

There's no history of abuse, she doesn't exhibit any of the usual signs (which I have not insignificant experience with) and she is still meeting individually and in group with our guidance counselor who I trust very much. She does show some signs of bad parenting but not quite neglect. She may be eating donuts and chips, but at least it's a lunch, kind of thing.

Definitely not fetal alcohol syndrome. She had speech therapy at a younger age but very minor and quickly graduated. She can speak just fine and is actually witty in the most disrespectful way you can imagine. Her reading is slightly above grade level. She exhibits all of the usual adhd signs in kids but those I can manage so she struggles but she mostly passes her other classes. Straight reading assessments are easy for her unless she skips or goofs off during the assessment.

Thanks for all your suggestions
edit: sorry for this response, it's on mobile and difficult to respond to your post, I ended up editing a dozen times to address everything. Second reply to something I missed the first time:

I don't believe its ODD, but I have very limited experience there and none of it direct. Dad allegedly had BPD, but that's hearsay and she doesn't show any signs of mood swings beyond the average fifth grader/sixth grader. I haven't seen anything I'd describe as manic or majorly depressive. I agree. Parental neglect and/or psychiatric issues, as u/_perl_ mentioned, were my gut reactions on this. I think the parents' response goes beyond not wanting to medicate the child. They don't seem to be interested in her education, behavioral issues, or general success.

>...they are not supportive of homework, discipline, studying, tutoring times, diagnosing, or medicating.  
>  
>This student is incredibly disrespectful. I just roll with it and try to "kill" her attitude with kindness, but she gets in trouble almost every day with either lunch/recess minders, carpool minders, or PE/french/art/music teachers. For disrespect, not just talking out of turn or misbehaving.

OP, you mention that they live a "fine suburban life." Do the parents work jobs that cause them to be "too busy" to be involved? Could the child be acting out because of a lack of attention at home or be preoccupied by something troubling in her home life? That could possibly mimic the inattention of ADHD.

Also, you stated that there's no history of abuse nor any of the usual signs. Are you referring to to physical abuse alone or including psychological abuse too? So I've given a little thought to some other ideas that might have helped younger me with maths.  

Disclaimer: I don't teach kids, so I'm sorry if what I say is blindingly obvious to you as an experienced teacher. I imagine, early years education is a lot more advanced than it was when I went to school in the late 80s. The only improvement technique was "try harder", basically. I was only diagnosed with ADHD a couple of years ago, so I'm still discovering how it affects me, and finding workarounds.

Imo, the most important thing is what you're already doing, that is, zeroing in on the actual source of difficulty.

Younger-me could easily add within 10, but started sweating and making mistakes when asked to cross a 10. This was not a matter of understanding, there was just something about my mental representation of addition that just broke for some reason. Eventually, through trial and error I worked out that I needed to see a physical number line with 0 and 10 clearly marked. If I can't see a 10, I can't mentally keep track of the numbers I'm adding; I just forget them immediately.

(I can make do with fingers, because I know that my left pinkie is 10 :) But other physical tokens don't work at all. I'd still have to count them, and to remember how many I have I need a physical number line with 10 on it.) 

Fractions are the same: I need to see 1 on the number line, and to have, say, 1/2 and 1/3 there as well, depending on what I'm doing. Pizza slices don't make an impression at all, because I'd have to count them, and in order to remember how many I have, I need a physical number line.

Why is it like this? Who knows, but there you go. Memory is weird. Once I worked this out, the rest of the job was coming to terms with the fact that I'll always need some kind of number line-like object to do mental arithmetics with, just like I always need glasses to read. (I'm also totally shameless about asking Siri to do calculations for me, but she's not so great at fractions, and anyway, it's good to have options.)

Let's assume your student does have a working memory issue. I can speculate that if she can add \*at all\*, even 1+1 = 2, there's some mental representation that helps her do it. She's imaginings \*something\*, and for some reason her method breaks for more complex operations. If you can figure out the representation she uses, and turn it into a physical object, you have the "external working memory" she needs for doing simple addition. The rest of the job is practising using it every time. 

(If she's re-sensing numbers as musical notes, or, idk, temperature differentials, you may be in trouble, hopefully it's not that arcane.)

If you do find a trick that helps compensate for the issue she has with doing calculations, she'll still need help getting to work and staying on task. I get the impression from your post that she wants to improve, but isn't improving at all. Could it be that she has a super vague idea of what "doing homework" looks like, when broken down into steps? If an ADHD kid doesn't have the kind of parent that hovers over you while you do your homework, then they're stuck. 

But anyway, that's a problem more common to people with ADHD, so you probably already have some ideas of what to do there.

Good luck! Hope you can figure out some tricks to helps this kid.  A key indicator of ADHD is having a lack of motivation. As you said, she only works when you’re working with her. This shows that she has a lack of motivation when she is working independently. When I was her age, I dealt with the same exact thing. My drive to complete tasks on my own was nonexistent. I had to have a tutor sit with me after school to basically watch me do my homework to make sure I completed it. Also, I always thought I had a “math learning disability.” Honestly, I have never heard of such a thing, but I guess some people could have it. No, I do not think she has a “math learning disability.” Math is just her weak subject, unable to register in her mind. I was in middle school and I still didn’t know all of my times tables. I was still counting on my fingers to make sure I got the right answer! Math comes easy for some, but for others it‘s extremely challenging. 

Does your school have a parent-teacher conference day? If so, has her parent made an effort to attend? Like I mentioned in my previous response, a child’s foundation begins with their home atmosphere. I see how this particular area of the topic is difficult. You can’t properly get the child medication etc without a parent acting upon it. Please keep us posted if she shows improvement in both inside and outside the classroom! I strongly value your courage and intentions.

*Side note for hope: 
My friend came from a family just like your student. Parents emotionally and mentally unavailable, failing grades, and math supportive classes. My friend finally got her wake-up call after years of having no effort in school. She started taking AP classes in high school, eventually receiving a 104 weighted overall average. Keep in mind, math was never, and still isn’t, my friends strong suit. But, she has always excelled in ELA. She is pretty much putting herself through college because the finances and parental support are nonexistent. She applied to Stanford, Yale, and Princeton, just to name a few. This goes to show that every student has the potential to turn themselves around, even the ones who believe they won’t. Being that she is only in fifth grade, your student still has enough time to start fresh.  I am in oz so our system is very different. But my suggestion is could you look at peer support groups,homework club's, or other forms where respect is taught. Scouting, youth clubs, and kudos for being the good teacher. Just from reading the description, do you think that mom is suffering from ADHD, low intelligence, lack of motivation, as well, and the student is emulating her mom or actively being told not to try in school?  If mom is basically undoing any progress you make in school, that could be why her behavior never changes. Thanks again for your responses and I do appreciate the stories for hope. Fifth is kind of a pivotal year for a lot of students so I'm used to being the person who gets them to click and change their attitudes, but I definitely concede that she can still be successful in the future. I just don't want to let that mean I stop trying now.


Math can definitely be a weak subject for people. I have plenty of students who struggle and finger-counting to double check even addition facts isn't uncommon at this grade level. I just can't get this student to even utilize those strategies. 

We do have a PTC day. No attempt was made. We had a few conferences in the beginning where I disregarded all I had heard about the student and the parents to give them the benefit of the doubt and approach the situation from a "here's the steps we are going to take at home and at school to get her to success" kind of approach. Like I said though, they stopped pretending to give a damn and stopped responding to emails and wouldn't answer the phone and ignored any notes or requests in her folder.


I don't make it my life's goal to punish or inform her parents of her actions or anything. All of my emails were compliment sandwiches to talk of the teacher-side accommodations I could provide (extra work time, verbal response, etc.) and what could be worked on at home. She barely ever gets in actual trouble with me, very few lost privileges or consequences given. Other kids get two warnings, she gets thirty. (That decision made because of how she responded to punishments in previous years and in the first few weeks.) 


Her "conference day" conference was the week after and I had to swap duties and use my lunch break to do a phone conference that she was 20 minutes late for. I only got that because I walked her to her car every day to speak with her carpool family, her grandparents, and finally her mom to say I needed to speak with her.

Ugh this just sounds like complaining. Thank you again for your responses. I will let you know what changes in the future. I recommended these at the conference, but she has never and likely will never get involved. Mom lives with her own parents and never leaves her at school very late. If she doesn't pick her up right at dismissal, her parents (the grandparents) pick her up right at dismissal, and if neither of them can, they have another family that does the pickup.


But the student frequently tells me she doesn't get home until late and that's why she doesn't have her homework. Although she is very dishonest and it's hard to know how true that is. 

 I think that's pretty accurate. I'm not a parent myself, but I feel like strong parenting includes the occasional "tough luck, deal with it" kind of attitude. But the only support mom will give is when she comes home and tells a story to avoid getting in trouble and mom wipes the tears away and sends a nasty email about some teacher or another. 