Emotional irregularation How have you all over come or better delt with irregular emotions?

Last night I was hanging with a girl I really really like. We hung out all weekend and my anxiety was saying she was gonna cancel. During work she were still good with out me saying anything about it then I had a shit end to work. My emotions for work got tangled up in my anxiety about her and I ended up crying in her car about her and me to her for 30 mins I said everything, she was sweet about it saying no its okay say everything I rather we be open then not.
After i reorganized my self we continued with our plan and went star gazing.

This girl doesnt want a relationship unless it flys out of no where and just boom looks like were dating now oops. And I feel I cant do that because of my heightened emotions.

This isnt the first time it even where it always happens. I feel ni one cares, my teacher will lose homework, something doesn't happen correctly and everything will blend and I'll break down. It's worse on my come down and that was why last night happend and she knows that to but I want to know how to change it so it's not so volatile to me and it doesnt look like I have the emotional stability of a 6 year old some days  Meds has helped me with this a lot. Also therapy.  Agreed on the meds and therapy note of the first commenter.

Also, it sounds like she's giving some mixed signals there.  She told you she wants to be emotionally open about everything, but if I'm reading right also that she doesn't want to define anything until some mysterious Sign from Above says you're dating?  That would definitely be confusing.

Maybe you can talk to her again, and try to clarify things?  Ask if she's open to calling your time together dates, while acknowledging that it's still early and you're not a relationship yet.  Let her know you're fine with casual and not committed right now, but you just want to make sure you're not reading too much into what she had decided at some point is just hanging out with a new friend.  Then you can check in again after you've had a few more dates, when both of you have had more time to feel out where this might be going.  

I think there's a definite difference between "casual dating" and "relationship" when you've only just met someone.  It's easy for some of us with ADHD to want to jump right into something serious, but it's important to remember that if you've just met, you barely know each other.  Chemistry can change dramatically between the date 1 and date 25. However, if she doesn't want to clarify whether hanging out is dates or just friend hang outs or some indeterminate middling *thing*, that sounds like a bad sign for communication going forward.  If it was just some miscommunication when you first discussed it, though, you might still have a chance to get to know this girl better with the possibility of something more romantic down the line.

Trying not to rush too much in any relationship is a good way to help keep those ridiculous ADHD emotions in check.  Keeping in touch with some close friends or family, and scheduling time to hang out with other people between dates is helpful, too.  Remind yourself that you've got other awesome people in your life and a job that pays the bills, and a romantic relationship is just one aspect of the life you want.  That can help keep the pressure down and keep emotions at a more reasonable level early on.  Hanging out with other people in between reasonably spaced out dates (no more than 2-3 dates a week for the first few weeks is, I think, good), really helps with reminding yourself you're not totally alone in the world if the dates don't go well, which seems to be the irrational thought at the heart of a lot of over-investment into early casual dating.

It's still tough, my gosh do I know it's still tough, but the things I mentioned can help, at least. Meds and therapy +1

I find that just realizing that I'm feeling the emotion helps bring me back. If I'm angry I ask myself why I'm so angry or should I be THIS angry. If I'm sad i do the same. Apparently studies show that just acknowledging your emotions can help counteract them What about when your off meds tho? Any techniques you use? I was rambling a  bit in the beginning and miss worded some things we did discuss it and were just friends shes not really looking for a relationship but if something happened then it would happen not like in going on a date and seeing where it goes more of like oh okay guess were dating but yeah I get a lot of what u say I need to work on schedualing with others I try to breath and then I think about it and I break down further because I start thinking more about it my mind races more Therapy. But also all that other crap, exercise diet.... I mentioned therapy? My biggest emotional dysregulation is aggression. So combo of that and I have slowly learned to sometimes take a step back.

That said, I met my SO pre diagnosis, while I was getting clean and he somehow stuck around with my nonsense, mood swings and temper and even moved to another country with me. You do you, boo. You're okay.  Thank you, mean a lot Also, not sure which meds you're on, but if it's methylphenidate, speak to your doctor about an instant release top up for when you know you'll be out at night. Alternatively, a mood stabiliser.  