I just finished reading an entire book in one sitting I know this may seem trivial and normal to most people but I'm so damn proud of myself I had to share it somwhere.  This is my problem with reading. I mostly forget about it, but when I start, I find it *really* hard to stop. I read a stat that said something like 24% of Americans hadn't read a single book the year 2016.  In light of that, finishing a book in one sitting while having ADHD is a tremendous accomplishment!  Enjoy your happiness now, and save these memories for the future if you ever doubt that you can accomplish something! Congrats! What book was it? I've only been able to do that once, the book was Fahrenheit 451 by Bradbury I hadn't read a book since high school but after discovering Stephen King I have read literally thousands of pages in the last year.

Reading is awesome! sending virtual hugs your way. i thought this was impossible, but i think i may try this over the weekend. If you dont mind me asking, how many hours did it take? was it a big book? did you have urges to look away, even if just for a second - and if so, how did you fight those? I've done this before, but it was to avoid another task that I should have been doing. I have been hyperfocusing on books since I was a kid, which I'm learning makes me lucky in some respects. If I weren't laser-focused on reading as a fun/escapist activity, I bet I wouldn't be able to do it much at all...but mostly I do it in order to avoid other, more important stuff I should be doing. 

Nice job on the book! I hope you read many more! :) Daaaaaaaaamn!!! I've been working on the same book for a month  Awesome! Well done! Congrats. When I first got into reading after being  put on medication for the first time, a bad habit I had was leaving too many books unfinished. Once you make it a habit to try and finish entire books (unless they suck and aren’t worth continuing), it starts to get easier and you can start tracking it and doing yearly challenges for fun. I do jump between like five or six books at a time to keep things fresh (easy to do with a Kindle/e-reader) but I do eventually finish them. 

Easiest book to read in one sitting, especially for ADHD types, is “The War of Art” by Steven Pressfield which is a book written for writers/creators (but applies to anyone, really) about battling “resistance” in its many forms (procrastination, avoidance, etc). Each page is a single passage, usually only a paragraph or two long so you can read it in bits and pieces, but you can also finish it in a two hour sitting. First book I actually finished. Gifted it to my friend with ADHD and it’s also the first book she finished. I highly recommend it.  I don't general give congrats across the internet, but holy hell that is wonderful! Knowing the struggle I (and so many others here as well) have with reading and how much I wish I didn't, I can fully understand the awesomeness of this feat. 

Congrats! I don't know you at all, but I'll still say I'm proud of you! Keep kicking ass!  holy shit man, i can barely get through a single chapter in one sitting! Good on you! I've been on strattera for a few weeks now, maybe I should give it a go.
 Surely you jest! 

Fantastic effort. I have so many books with a chapter left...  That's the way it rolls, either bang it out in one sitting or forget to open it again haha I stopped reading books when I started watching anime, and started having to read subtitles. Yep. SO much sleepless nights, because I want to read just one more page. and the book is finished at 5 in the morning. Thank you! Feeling very motivated and pleased with myself right now. Thanks! It's a French book called "Nos Amis Les Humains" by Bernard Werber. The only fiction book that has kept my attention long enough for me to finish with any kind of eagerness was Fight Club. That was a few years ago and still took a few days. I was only able to do it because I love the movie so damn much. Also, I hate reading, especially books. Thank you! It took me approximately two hours. The book was not that big (190 pages). Of course I had the urge to move and look away, fortunately I couldn't move as I'm on bed rest, and as for looking at my phone I have no idea how I managed to avoid it. I think choosing something that is intresting to you will make it easier. Good luck! Thank you. I'm pretty sure I was able to focus on it that much because I have a presentation and assignments that are due in a couple of days and I'm avoiding them.  Thanks! The War of Art is one of my favorite books-good recommendation!!  Thank you for the recommendation, I'll definitely check it out! Thank you so much! Your comment made my day 😊 I used to be the same and now I'm halfway into another one. Yes you should!  Make an evening to finish them all, or at least the good ones. If I can do it, so can you. You have inspired me to start and finish one. 

Honestly finishing them would just confuse me at this point, I have forgotten the rest of the book! 