Typically don’t hyperfocus but I did today in class and it was crazy. My teacher was giving me a assignment, and I was zoning in and out like usual, cause I’m not on meds rn. And then I asked the teacher how to do it and she showed me and afterwards all I wanted to do was finish that paper, I just kept working. Never hyper focused on something in class before.. I actually felt smart!  Every time I hyperfocus I get so happy that I'm getting things done then get distracted again. You're lucky. Every time I hyperfocus it's on something completely unrelated to what I'm supposed to be doing. Last week I knit an entire scarf in the span of 2 hours instead of doing my assignment that was due the next day. lmao  I’m on meds now, but when i would hyperfocus it would always be a double edged sword bc id be like yes!! i can actually do this thing i’m trying to do!!! but then if someone interrupted me i would instantly feel a burning rage and would have to try so hard to not snap at the person who interrupted me I hyperfocused for the first time on a test last week and I agree with your assessment, it was pretty awesome feeling like I got it all together. When I left the exam room I checked the time and I was shocked because I thought I was in there for three hours but instead I had only been in there for one hour!! 

Meanwhile today I’m struggling to string together a couple sentences and I’m just zoning out the entire time while trying to study for another test :(  Man I hyper focus on reading a lot because I sort of denied myself other outlets (because I didn't want to have parts of movies/music go over and over forever in my head forever). 

So I was talking with a friend about a book they had just read and I lent it to them and I was bringing up tiny little details and quoting page numbers, where it was on the page. She just stared at me like I was a freak... Never realized that other people read for the stories not for the hyper focus feels. 


I try not to share my full thoughts on things anymore.  I slip into that state when I'm doing something I get interested in quite often now. Like, I've noticed it happening when I'm messing around with my Linux distribution, customizing my desktop, trying to figure out solutions to problems, and even while studying sometimes, which is awesome. I never really noticed this before being on  Ah yes, the rare times hyperfocusing actually helps you do something academically productive. Or useful. Most of the time when I manage to hyperfocus, it's either when I'm doing something useless or reading (only with fiction though) Hyperfocus is the source of my fiction addictions. The rare event that I can apply it to school is always something to be celebrated. One of the things I've learned over my life (36) is how to - sometimes - control a hyperfocus.

I have an awesome side gig where I maintain a wiki for a board game Company. They pay me and I get to just fiddle with wiki code and make it pretty and loose hours into it... And then not be interested for a few months. But because it isn't a priority for them they are perfectly happy paying me when I work and not worrying when I don't.

So, sometimes if i want a bit of extra cash next month (get paid monthly, so if I know I want a couple extra hundred to bring my account back up for what I just bought) I turn on the hyperfocus . It's something I enjoy doing, the wiki, and am still interested in it 2 years later.

I can't do this with a lot (coding of any variety usually does it) but with what I can do it with, I take full advantage of  being able to slip into that state... Mostly at will.  I still hyperfocus on meds but now it's on productive things alot more. Hyper Focus is cool. I love it.

But I never stop hyperfocusing it feels like and it can be pretty infuriating. It's like every damn thing in my life, if I find it even a little interesting. I don't want to stop, I can't get it out of my head once I stop. 

I love it when its productive, but when I need to focus on one thing and I can't stop thinking of my previous task. It can be so damn annoying. Enough stress or being on a drug holiday for a couple of days can make me hyperfocus, the longest one I can remember involved me and Skyrim, didn’t eat or sleep or do anything else really (that I can recall anyway) for like 3 days.  Lol the struggle!  Can you consciously tell when you're hyperfocused on something? I always realise it later, or after something's broken my flow. I clean the house instead of focusing on my school projects :)/ This is me. lol r/me_irl Same. It's the eternal struggle supposed to write paper on Waterloo

*distracted and hyperfocussing about Critically endangered tree in the world*



^^^^send ^^^^help Don't stop sharing! Sometimes you encounter someone like you and it leads to the most interestsing discussions :)  This is why I code.  I can tell. I make (sometimes) arts and crafts things. I’ll make these little 3D life counter magic the gathering cards. I only make them in hyperfocus. It’s annoying cuz I want to make more but usually am like meh- even though it’s fun. But when I’m in the mood I spend 6-10 hours bent over working on those little bad boys and it’s the best thing in the world. 

My back kills me the next day.

Edit: Actually, now that I’ve reread your post and processed what you wrote, I’m sure I’m just noticing afterwards too. Why would I do something that hurts me the next day? I should take breaks when doing arts and crafts lol I get familiar aches and pains. Like my arm will start to go numb and that only happens when I sit still... that only during hyper focus I never do until it's too late. Well I said I try... I generally fail. 