terrified of personal conversations? For some reason, my whole life I have been deathly afraid of personal conversations and especially initiating them. For instance when I started my period, I never told my parents, they figured it out after 3 months. I tried multiple times to tell my mom and I'd be screaming in my head 'tell her!' and it's like I'm playing a game where the buttons dont work, I'm smashing the 'speak' button and nothing is coming out. It took me years to be able to tell my parents that I thought I might have ADHD or Aspergers (both turns out) and that I wanted to speak to a therapist. Literally years. And I broke down crying when I told my dad because it was so hard to say. The thing is I have a lot of shit I still want to tell them but I just... cant. I have no idea how to fix this problem, therapy hasnt helped because I know that my parents arent going to react badly to anything I say because theyre super supportive but I still cant for some reason. I knew this going into therapy and nothing that has been said in therapy has helped with this at all. Medication hasnt helped either as stimulants dont work on me and now I'm on some other things for ADHD and they dont seem to be doing much either. I have no idea what to do because I cant live my whole life like this, unable to tell anyone anything. It's just put me into a worse and worse mental situation as I've gotten older and if I dont get over it, it's going to just keep going that direction. OH MY GOOOOOD. I’m so glad I’m not the only one! 

I have a HORRENDOUS time initiating conversation/bringing things up with friends and family. For some reason, it’s a little bit better with, like, co-workers, but I will try as hard as I can to wait until something related comes up so I have a good segue. 

That being said, if it’s affecting you so badly, I’d recommend trying to see a therapist. They might be able to help you a bit :)  >I tried multiple times to tell my mom and I'd be screaming in my head 'tell her!' and it's like I'm playing a game where the buttons dont work, I'm smashing the 'speak' button and nothing is coming out. 

Jesus, are you me?  This is a pretty good description of what I feel a lot of the time.  I have found that once I start talking, then everything comes out pretty easily at least.  It's just getting started in the first place that's nearly impossible.  I guess at least you can know you aren't alone in this, but I wish I had better advice to give. i have experienced the same exact thing as you my whole life. i used to not talk much at all to anyone when i was younger then learned it was rude. but i even did the same thing with the period thing. took me a long time. i wish i knew what it was and how to help it YES! I can even relate down to the period thing. Sometime, for things like that, it's almost like I feel like I've done something wrong even though I haven't.
This may or may not be relevant/part of the problem for you, but have you read about attachment styles? I was just reading something earlier, and I think for me part of the problem is having an avoidant attachment style. It might be worth reading and seeing if it resonates and could be part of what causes this for you, too. I am seeing a therapist... so far it isnt helping. My dumbass brain wont listen to reason. I know logically I shouldnt be scared of it, she's just given me more reasons not to be scared, but I'm still not able to do it I know the whole irrational fear thing... I’m sorry I don’t have any better suggestions :( 

You’re not alone, though! If you need to talk, feel free to message me! 

Also, I really like your username :) 
 