My 8 year old son likely has ADD - Seeking feedback Hello,

&#x200B;

My 8 year old son is now in 3rd grade and has been struggling in school is some areas. We have seen him start off normally but slowly fall behind with each academic year. The biggest issue for him is his reading comprehension. He seems to zip through the words but not process them at all. So when it comes to answering any questions related to the text, like word problems or comprehension questions, he struggles. It has now reached to a point where he is not concerned about trying hard to process but just guess the answer. He is also very easily distracted. He understands that he is a slow learner and it is heartbreaking when we hear him say that he is not smart because other kids around him seem to be. We reinforce that he is very smart, he just needs to work hard on focusing. He has many food allergies and has eczema since he was born so we realize this has impacted his attention span as well. He is super social though, does not hesitate to mingle with new people, enjoys numbers and math (if there is no reading involved). He also has no trouble falling asleep at all (unless his eczema flares up)

His teacher, the school counselor, and the Principal had a meeting with us. They suggested many intervention methods and asked if we would fill out the "Conners" form. We filled it out and the teacher did too. He scored over 95% on the scale. We are meeting with his pediatrician next to get an official diagnosis. But we are very nervous about medication. We worry that it might inhibit his free spirited attitude. 

Can anyone who has been in this situation chime in and offer any thoughts or suggestions? If we go down the medication route, how long does it take to evaluate the impacts? 

&#x200B;

Thank you! This resonates with me on so many levels. I’ll try to keep this short as possible. 

Medication is only part of the solution. I went undiagnosed as a kid and managed because I was smart and out going, teachers liked me. I remember my parents taking me to a testing center and reading the same way your son does and I felt subconsciously “less than” compared to other kids without ADD/ADHD. It gradually got worse as it has a cumulative effect. 

I wish people around me truly understood what ADHD entailed and approached things accordingly, which is exactly what you are doing so first off, you are a solid parent for reaching out and trying to understand this better to help your son. 

The most important things I can say are:

- most people with ADD/ADHD are only engaged in things that interest them. Sometimes it takes creativity to bridge that gap with school work or chores that are under-stimulating for them

-  we are usually visual/kinesthetic learners. meaning we need to see it, touch it, do it to learn and understand things.  Learning about ADHD/ADD is important because that knowledge reframes perspective and prevents perceived negative views on things that aren’t negative, they’re just different and actually quite positive when applied appropriately. 

- he is not a slow learner, I can guarantee that. School systems and teaching in general are standardized and it leaves kids behind who need different approaches to learning. He needs to not feel that being different is “bad.” Again, I had/have the same issues as your son but I graduated high school at 15, went to college, excelled in areas of specific interest but fell behind when I couldn’t t focus

- medication definitely helps with focus and motivation. It’s important to know it’s not a cure all but a piece of a larger puzzle of supports. He may notice a drastic change in symptoms and while it’s not absolute, it is definitely less of a struggle.  The lowest effective dose is crucial and supporting him with vitamins and supplements are also key. There are diets that help reduce symptoms as well, foods to avoid, foods to add that are significant. 

- ADD/ADHD presents differently in boys and girls. Boys tend to get better post puberty with symptoms whereas girls are the opposite. Also, Boys tend to “act out” and girls are considered “day dreamers” typically speaking. 

I would work with your son to learn about his diagnosis as you also learn and find him a therapist who specializes in children with add to help you both transition into a lifestyle that supports him where he needs it and also emphasizes his strengths. With ADD/ADHD there are MANY strengths. 

YouTube and Reddit are solid resources for this. I’m a BIG fan of How to ADHD and The Drummer and the Great Mountain (also a book and podcast) for insight and constructive info. 

Lastly, he will likely have new barriers and set backs as he gets older from teenage years, college and his 20’s and even in his 30’s and 40’s. The best thing is to have the knowledge and resources to help support him during transitional times but mostly instill in him the ability to utilize said resources to support himself.  

Again, your reaching out is solid parenting on your part. When i was first “diagnosed” at 18, I didn’t know about it until I was 33 when my mom handed me a note from the doctor who diagnosed me. I didn’t remember that note or diagnosis and my mom’s response? “Well you were 18 so that was on you.” I struggled so hard as a teenager because this went unchecked and I didn’t have supports. It wrecked my self esteem but I am now learning to live with ADHD and even starting my own business. Cheers to you, super parent, I truly mean that. 

Edit: addition and clarification of points.  Ok. Meds can be worry. I know from what I went through. My current meds and what my son takes don't have the side effects I experienced as a child.  Take it slow, one pill at a time, one drug at a time, dosages should be incremental also.  Watch closely for side effects and talk to your child.  Hide nothing from them about this. They have a patch now instead of pills, etc. it’s been amazing for my friend who has 3 young boys with adhd. Don’t let medication be a bad thing. He will pick up on it if you feel that way even if you think he doesn’t.  Give the medication about a month, see how it goes. Make sure he eats enough and drinks water regularly. Anytime I up my dose I feel sleepy for the first week, but things get better after that. 

I wasn’t diagnosed until I was 20. I knew something was different about me for as long as I can remember. I dreaded school because of the anxiety I had everyday, even though I was smart and kept up. I was very good at hiding my emotions and was very shy so it was hard to see my difficulty in socializing, learning, and just functioning in general. Mornings sucked haha. 
It wasn’t until 8th grade and high school where I fell behind. No matter how hard I tried, I did poorly and ended semesters with 2.8-3.0 gpa range. I remember the depression that started in high school, mostly from feeling like a failure. I got to college and hit a wall. I did the minimum work and barely passed classes. I’m now taking a year off and medication makes life so much better. I have comorbid depression and ADHD, I take meds for both, and I live a happy life now. It takes a while to find what works best and the lifestyle to thrive in. I’m still figuring this out, but a lot of pain and frustration would have never happened if I was medicated. 

I will say my depression is worse if I am not productive. When I’m on meds I get shit done, and then at the end of the day, when they wear off, I am more happy/content with life. 

Sorry for the long post but this stuff is really important to me. Make sure to ask your son what he wants to do, or what works best for him. Just listen to what he feels like off and on meds!  I had trouble with reading and my parents made me read EVERYTHING ALOUD. Restaurant menus, mapquest directions (I’m a terrible co pilot), to my baby sister, extra reading at night when we were fighting (as siblings do), reading the directions to my moms dinner recipes and reading the church bulletins on the way home. (As well as reading along in church) now I’m a great reader! And I don’t resent it! It's a tightrope - you have to watch his self-confidence - it can be horribly eroded by feeling stupid, as can his ambition, because it seems so damn hard to do everything... I just have some small tips for reading. My ADHD brother had trouble reading for school, audio books helped him out a lot. For textbooks, I've found reading with a highlighter helped me remember important bits, even if I never looked back at them. The real issue with ADD and ADHD is that school requires a child to pay attention to task for periods at a time. Your son may get irritable or bored and cause a bit of frenzy. My younger brother have ADHD. Don't be afraid of meditation or even a diet change. Please consider having an outlet for your son's energy like soccer, basketball or football. When my brother played football, he was better able to concentrate in mundane tasks and sports provide a fun way to train his attention span. Eventually his ADHD will even out with time in my opinion. There is not much a person can do with short attention as far as adulthood. Let him be kid and make mistakes but discipline based on teaching him right and wrong... not on your emotional desire for him to just listen to you and other adults. Don't discipline him out of anger. My mother did that with my brother and now, he is a sociopath and struggles with anger management. It sucks because he outgrew his ADHD but he is a chronically dysfunction adult. Please be patient but firm with your child. He will need both. His ADHD will get better over the years but your parenting will determine his future. Don't be a softie but don't be a tyrant. Balance is key.  he's also 8. sounds like a curious 8 year old boy...slow down his reading, try having him read out loud when you're with him, then ask him to explain what he just read... Have you considered dyslexia? A lot of what you say seems to relate to reading comprehension. OKAY THIS^  Thank you so much for eliciting this so well. It really helps to hear from someone who has gone through a similar situation.

We live in a very competitive school district but they also have great resources for kids with learning disabilities. His teacher has created a checklist for him every morning so that he can settle into the class and focus. They let him use his favorite pens/markers to go through the checklist. He is still excited to go to school every morning so we are hoping it stays that way! You are also so on point about being visual learners. He surely is one of them. 

I will start researching therapists around to find a good one for him. 

Thanks again! Thanks! will keep that in mind Great point about us not viewing medication as negative. I will find out more about the patch. Thanks! Thank you for sharing your personal journey and your inputs! We do ask him to read out loud as well. He completely skips punctuation so we have to ask him to re-read with them. Just curious, were you ever diagnosed with any learning disability? Right on point. I will admit, it is sometimes very frustrating and controlling anger is really really tough. But my wife and I intervene when the other person is about to lose their patience. We definitely don't want to be tyrants because it can certainly do psychological damage.

My son is in the swim team but I have noticed that if he gets tired, it impacts his ability to focus. He is not able to switch from the physical activity mode to getting his homework done. He is VERY curious. We do try and slow down with his reading - sometimes have him read the passage 5 to 6 times - one line at a time and ask him to explain. There are days where he can explain quickly and then there are days where no matter how hard he tries, he cannot focus and gets frustrated.  I did read about dyslexia but it does not sound like he has it though. The only thing that applies is the processing/comprehension or lack there of.  There is also a podcast called Faster Than Normal. The one posted on 8/8 with Making Order Out of Chaos w/ Leslie Josel came to mind when I read your post. Making Order Out of Chaos is a separate company and I believe have a website! Other than adhd, no.  He will learn to how switch from physical to homework. His ability will improve as he grows up. That's what happened to my brother but the psychological damage is so deep for him. Patience. He may need a power nap or a small snack to get his work complete. There has to some support group near your city.     