Best strategy to stop procrastinating? Been putting off a project for a whole week now and still procrastinating. The moment I sit in front of my desk, I constantly get distracted (To the point where I started to study my white wall and now know every irregularity of) Do you have anything that works for you? Or do you have an activity that really gets you in a work-motivated mindset? First, recognize that you would not be procrastinating unless there was something reinforcing about the behaviour(s) involved that interacts (or doesn't) with ADHD symptomatology. So, for example, what is the reward for distraction?

See if you can identify any positive or negative reinforcement that might be happening. For example, list the distractors in a rough numerical order of how distracting they are to you. This can help you identify what is most likely to pull you off task, because it is either a rewarding thing or it is a good way to distract from boring tasks. Put this list aside.

Now, look at a task you've been avoiding for whatever reason. Break it into small *logically-ordered* chunks, write those down too, in a similar fashion, ordering them roughly by how aversive they are.

Now, the hard part - pick the least aversive chunk of that task. When you are done, *immediately* allow yourself to be "distracted" by the least rewarding distractor for a reasonable period of time.

If you need help with this, recruit a friend or family member to help you stay accountable to time limits. Once you're done with that, move on to the next most aversive chunk. Again, *immediately* reward yourself with the correspondingly next most rewarding distractor. Repeat.

See if that helps you. This is effectively a kind of paired behavioural conditioning technique. It does rely on being honest with yourself, and ensuring you set realistic expectations based on your past performance - again, refer to someone else who knows you fairly well if you need help deciding on what is reasonable to expect.

(Note that there are of course other ways to tackle this, too - environmental modification comes to mind as an adjunctive intervention - this is just what I thought of immediately and what works for me. I would also urge caution with solutions that involve adding additional stimuli to an already stimulus-rich situation, which is why I suggest working with what you know and are already comfortable with. Adding distractors may work for some people, but I suspect that adding stimuli is overall not an effective way to combat distraction.)

Cheers. Well... meds help a lot. The trouble is, people with ADHD \*can\* actually do stuff.  The trouble is forcing yourself to do often, in my opinion, is what leads to a lot of the comorbidities. So the best solution is to get on some sort of medication. Then you'll just be able to sit down and work. Think of it as being able to control your brain as opposed to your brain controlling you.

&#x200B;

That said, I have used practically every trick in the book having been undiagnosed for 33 years. Not that I'm suggesting it, but I usually ended up in self-harm to help drive me to "do".  However, I have found some healthier coping strategies. They don't work 100% of the time, so you need to prepare yourself for that. Meds + healthy coping skills is usually what it takes.

1. Take breaks. Walk around. Use a timer. When I worked on a particular difficult work related email or something I couldn't "get into", I'd pick up my laptop and walk around typing with one hand. A timer is useful if you need breaks. Often I'd just get up, go to the bathroom stretch, and come back in to "reset".
2. Start out small. Figure out what you need to do first on the project (I'm sure we can help you there if you need it). Make it as small and short as possible. Like "open word". Sometimes just the act of "preparing" will distract you from the distractions.
3. Engage your subconscious. Pre-medicated, I'd always listen to podcasts or Jpop or japanese unsubbed anime. The foreign language things are better as you're not understanding them. I don't know if it's because it's engaging another part of your brain separate from your "work" part, but it needs to be something you're slightly interested in. For me and programming, as long as it's not reading or writing words, I'll listen to English language stuff. A good option are The Volgan's SCP Readings on youtube. Just useless information that doesn't really related. Though some can have a "backstory" so watch out for that.
4. Exercise regularly. Every day.
5. Eat decently.
6. Sleep a lot.

Those are probably the best ones. Like I said, 33 years of being undiagnosed and unaware led to some pretty creative means to figure out how to "live" but at the end of the day, I still require my meds to be decent at adulting. Just do it.

It's that simple, it's just not that easy. 

We don't lack focus or attention, we lack the ability to direct it. We also lack the ability to transition between tasks, like say away from a game or Reddit and onto cleaning or projects.

The military taught me that exercise helped with my focus issues. There was a huge and very noticeable difference in my ability to stay on task after PT.

Crunches, pushups, and jumping jacks are an easy way to get some short term focus.

I figured out a long time ago that I would never be able to do the things I needed to do the way others could. 

So eventually I learned to just start the chore, homework, cleaning or whatever, and I would get bursts done before finding a wild shiny something or other distraction. 

I'm not linear, I accept that.
 Most people don't care how you get things done as long as they get done. So tackle things in bits.

If you're medicated take your meds. If not do some excercises and have a large cup of tea or a redbull. It helps with the focus, but you can easily end up hyperfocused on the wrong thing.

That's what worked for me, hopefully you can use something from here to help get your focus. 

Good luck. Thank you for your elaborate reply😊 I currently am using medication. Thank you for the tip on engaging the subconscious, never heard that one before. I’m definitely gonna try that one out! 