Reading all these 'I'm an adult and just diagnosed" posts and wondering why diagnoses aren't easier to come by for adults. Maybe it's just my area but ADHD doesn't seem to be taken seriously at all. My doctor referred me to therapy and said even if I have a diagnosis (privately for example) they would **still** refer me to the same therapy which don't really do anything for ADHD, I checked.

I see all these people getting diagnosed from 20-50 (probably older) and yet I don't see it being taken seriously? It makes sense that these people are being diagnosed now as well because of what we have learnt about ADHD in the recent years.

It can be so debilitating too (not that I need to tell people here that) take me for example who has a genetic condition (Cystic Fibrosis) so I have to keep top of Medication, exercise, diet etc... Is there anyone trying to spread awareness of ADHD that I should know about or am I just misinformed I really would like to know.

Sorry for the rant :S

 It wasn’t recognized as existing in adults until the mid 90s and some older doctors still don’t believe it does. In fact many general practitioners carry a lot of the biases the general public does. Apparently it can be difficult to get a diagnosis if you get referred to a psychiatrist who doesn’t specialize in ADHD, because like docs older ones may not believe it exists in adults.

Also, it is highly under diagnosed in women, as they are more likely (like me) to have the inattentive subtype. I actually didn’t realize I had a problem until I graduated from college and was self-employed. I did well with the structure of school. Everything was always done super last minute, but it got done. Not being in school and not having a routine, my whole world fell apart. But it’s been five years on meds and life is great now :) I’m 35.   A few factors off the top of my head:

1.	ADHD is by definition a lifelong condition. As I understand it, there is no such thing as adult-onset ADHD—if you have it as an adult, you had it as a kid. So the people (myself included) who get diagnosed as adults usually have some reason they weren’t diagnosed as kids. (For me, my parents were told in the 80s that I must not have it because I got good grades. This was wrongheaded, but my parents trusted the school officials and I had to figure it out myself 20 years later.)

2.	If you’re a kid with ADHD and you’re driving your teachers crazy, year after year, someone hopefully will notice a pattern and get you some help. If your an adult with ADHD and you’re driving your bosses crazy, you just get fired. 

3.	Some ADHD meds have recreational uses, so I imagine some doctors assume 1. and 2. above and think, “If they’re just bringing this up now, it’s probably not real.”

4.	It’s easy for non-specialists to dismiss ADHD symptoms as “normal,” because they are—it’s just a question of severity and frequency. 

I’m not saying any of that is okay, but I think it does explain some of why adult ADHD diagnoses are harder to come by. A lot of the diagnostic tools are built for children. They aren’t appropriate for screening adults for potential ADHD, because adults will have coping mechanisms that mask a lot of the easy indicators in children.  As u/kirstenruby said, there is still a pretty big bias against ADHD in general let alone adults. Hell my Dad is a Dr. and Mom is a nurse practitioner. I was 24 before I got help for it, and the only reason I ever figured it out is because my Wife teaches inclusion classes and she spent years trying to convince me to see a Dr. Changed my life though, once I got medication I was able to finish college and get a job that I actually like. I think things are getting better now though. I can't imagine how hard of a time the first Dr's to discover it had to fight to be taken seriously.

edit: had to try 3 times to get it to link her username right... I'm definitely in the right place here lol. As a 29 yr old female, I was VERY nervous about how difficult getting taken seriously would be, let a lone a real diagnosis. 

I had read so many others heartbreaking difficulties with the process on here and by contrast, so many stories of people just strolling into their GPs office and walking about with a script after a 5 min questionnaire. The amount of misinformation, outdated research, personal bias and stereotypes about adhd that seems to plague the health industry is frightening. 

On paper I was a good student, im quite smart, extremely sociable and never got into trouble. I knew these things would all mislead a doc that lacks the real knowledge of inattentive adhd. Theres also a history of bipolar, anxiety and emotional imbalance on one side of my family. I didnt need to get misdiagnosed just because the effects of my undiagnosed adhd had resulted in periods of depression and anxiety as comorbities. So I knew I needed to find a psychologist who specialized in adult adhd in order to give myself the best chance at actually being taken seriously. I really spent a lot of time looking up tons of psychs under my insurance (and not), making tons of calls to find the right psych. I luckily did find one who has now, since giving me the 5 hr evaluation and results, become my regular talk therapist. For now at least.

Now that ive started meds, I of course have so many questions of whether its working the best it could, would some else be better, do I need a combo of things to suite my daily work life best? etc. ADHD is so varied from person to person. Reading articles and reddit threads will only inform me of so much, and often even further confuse me. 

My gp cant really answer any of those questions and hes reluctant to do so (fair enough) and my psychologist, though I like talking to him, he seems to have nothing but objections about the use of meds..so hes no help. Now, I understand its his job to focus on non medicated solutions BUT whenever I express a concern or questionable experience with how my meds are working, he jumps straight to 'thats the problem with medications..' and then pushing me to obvious self help solutions im well aware of. Yes pills are not a miracle cure-all for adhd and im using them with the intention that they are a useful tool to help fix my routines, daily structure, habits, etc. and yes maybe you can eventually get that shit to stick on your own unmedicated..but I dont have time to do that. I gotta turn this ship around asap man. Cut me some slack lol Maybe all psychologists respond this way to the topic of meds but how am I supposed to relay how ive been doing without including that big piece of info? \*Sorry Im basically venting now huh?

Anyway, the next step now is to take the time to find a psychiatrist who specializes in adhd for future exploration of the proper med regimen for me. It takes 2-4 months here to book a first appointment so I opted for the psychologist at first to get the eval done to get prescribed asap. But I do intend to continue to gain more and more understanding of my adhd and what works best for me. Its a long ass road we're on lol

**TLDR: Just expressing my initial fears of getting turned away, misdiagnosed, or despite being 99% sure, being told im not adhd at all and my journey through the process so far. Its long. I dont expect anyone to read it :)**  To clarify, are you asking basically why adult ADD isn’t taken seriously?  If you are, thats a great question! http://anthropology.msu.edu/anp204-us14/files/2012/06/Conrad-and-Potter-From-hyperactive-children-to-adult-adhd.pdf
Here’s an article from an old professor of mine. 
Tl;dr on the subject is that ADHD was for such a long time considered a disorder of childhood, that when it started moving to adults, the doctors were relatively reluctant to diagnose adults.  Furthermore, ADHD has the highest rate of self diagnosis among adults. Couple that with medications that have a decent possibility for misuse, and you have good reason for doctors to be worried about overprescription. This also occurred while HMOs were on the rise, which in the 90s resulted in a lot of undertreatment. Social contexts have further pushed people away from seeking diagnosis. 
It’s a good read, about 25 pages if you can find the focus or the time.  Sometimes there is a difference between, everyone knows you have adhd, and getting a doctors confirmation.  There's only a few places in my state that offers adult testing and the one I went to had a 2 1/2 month wait list. I can easily see how people can get discouraged from seeking treatment, even with good insurance.  I just got rejected for testing because I’m too old. Fucking sucks. I was only diagnosed as I saw a psychologist for depression and anxiety (age 44).  Just so happens his specialty is ADHD and ASD.  I already suspected I was an Aspie, but had not considered ADHD.  Pretty much was diagnosed ADHD in the first session and most likely Apsie.  We say most likely, as not much point in going through all the test, as essentially I function OK.  I could just be happier.

ADHD was not known when I was a child.  I was smart, a bit serious, a bit strange.  Great at tests, sucked at handing in assignments, overall though got great marks at school.   My mother called me lazy (which is funny now, as when I look back she would definitely be diagnosed with ASD and ADHD).

A lot of my symptoms I blamed on my upbringing.  Bad at homework, as no-one was around home to show me and encourage me.  Bad at house cleaning, as my mothers cleaning was erratic.  Not finish things, well neither did my mother.  There one good thing though, my mother was always late and in a very stressful way, so I ended up being the opposite. I hate lateness and will tend to arrive early.

The sad thing is, I see the same thing in my eldest daughter.  She is not disruptive and very smart.  Just comes across as quirky, a bit flaky, forgetful and struggles with social stuff. Not smart enough to be classed as a genius, so misses out on that support. Not playing up in class, so flies under the radar.  I have spoken to her school counselor, so hopefully they will keep on eye on her, plus I hope they start to look at all behaviors in all students, and not continue to ignore the smart kids. I'm combined inattentive and hyperactive. I got misdiagnosed with some awful stuff by a lot of bad doctors and therapists. If you look at patterns close enough, you will likely find your symptoms in one of your parents. Imagine walking around un-diagnosed and trying to raise a kid. Yeah, many of us were missed and overlooked. For some pretty obvious reasons. 

&#x200B; Ah you sound like me but from the future ! :D

29 yr old woman who decided to quit the awful day job (that I was REALLY good at) to  go full time with freelance/small business my selling art. A year or so later and I totally fell apart from lack of structure and accountability. No clue why I couldnt just 'fix' myself with more planners and motivation podcasts lol. Felt like a cycle id been repeating my whole life, falling short, feeling massive guilt, inability to follow through with even my most passionate ideas at times..but this was the worst it had been.

I dug myself a crazy deep hole the first half of 2018 and after having my adhd 'epiphany', ive spent the last 4 months slowly digging myself out for good. Found a psychologist and took my 5hr evaluation test and received an official diagnosis of adhd inattentive and ive now been on an effective dosage of Vyvanse for a month. 

Now im full steam ahead on fixing my shit. Got my physical, blood work, caught up on shots, have a vitamin D Rx, multivitamins, weekly meal prep, started Jiu Jistu for exercise, bi-weekly therapy, keeping bullet journals, timers everywhere, google calendar and todoist are being put to serious use, building in proper daily structure and accountability too. Its only going forward and upward from here..but god what a bumpy ass, painful journey life has been this far.

Im really happy to see someone like me has been doing so well since getting diagnosed. I already have a hopeful outlook but it makes me even more excited for the future.

\*Question: Do you regret those all those years being undiagnosed or do you think they shaped the good things about you/your life so far? You dont have to answer though. Im just curious other peoples perspectives. Very true. Also, a lot of people, even doctors, think ADHD=cannot ever sit still. This contributes to the other symptoms getting overlooked. That's my point though it affects adults severely there should be systems in place for adults as well as children. I have a friend who works with developmentally disabled students, and is just launching into her career, is super gung-ho about everything.

She was complaining about her teenager on FB and I privately messaged her that aaaaallll the stuff she was complaining about were really strong indicators of adhd and had she ever considered testing? And she blew me away because she was like, "ohhhhh I always thought he probably has it because I work with adhd students, but I didn't want to find out for sure," or some nonsense like that. 

The level of denial by families is disturbing.

(I also told her she needs to stop airing all his business on Facebook, posting pictures of his messy room and shit. What a boundary violation!!! So glad fb wasn't around when I was a kid, my mom would have built herself a throne of complaints about her kids on it) I reddit. Yeah basically. It should be well known no matter who has it but I am mainly referring to adults.  Well here in the UK it's similar but instead of insurance being the issue we just have extremely long wait times from what I hear. Let us say that the wait times don't put someone off you still have to live with a debilitating condition and that is my main problem; ADHD isn't (for whatever reason) treated seriously enough. It doesn't just stop you from doing things you should be able to do but it is invisible unlike for example Autism which can be quite obvious and therefore you are expected to be able to do these things. You’re right that there should be. The reality is that there aren’t many, which is why getting diagnosed in adulthood can be so difficult. You asked “why” in the title, so I was trying to provide an answer.  Oh okay. I don't think that is a good enough excuse. I get what you mean though most doctors assume ADHD would be diagnosed when they are younger so there is no need for adult tests 