I changed my iPhone to grayscale. It's worked wonders! I'm sure I'm not the only one addicted to their iPhone. I read a few articles about changing your phone to grayscale, and on a whim I tried this yesterday. I feel like a weight of addiction has been lifted. I had no idea how compelling the bright colors of the phone were to me. On or off medicine, I don't feel the compulsive need to constantly scroll or check. 

&#x200B;

My usage plummeted day 1 and 2.  Using the screen time monitoring feature, I saw my phone usage drop by 2 hours on day 1 (and this was with a mid-day shift, most of my usage is in the morning) and my phone pickups cut by 50%! Today, I am on pace for the same. It's like I can breathe again. It's pretty amazing.  I never find this works! I think this is because I grew up poor in the 80s and 90s, and black and white screens was the default at home. Plus I was more about reading subreddits than looking at pictures so maybe that's part of it.  I had to get rid of my smartphone in the end and got a Nokia 100. it's nice to go and see things without wondering what Instagram would think of it.  Oh no. I just switched my phone because this sounded promising, but now I think I’m using it MORE because I don’t get as overwhelmed by the colors. I usually have to take sporadic breaks from overstimulation. 

This is great news for reading emails and notes, terrible news for avoiding distractions in finals week... i just set it on grayscale right after reading this and WOAH this is different im gonna give it a try for a couple of weeks  Interesting as my phone use as drastically dropped since starting medication. Dude, I just put mine on grayscale a few days ago (no reason; just felt like messing with the settings). I'm not tracking my phone usage, but I feel like I am using it less now. Less stimulating = less appealing. Plus it's gonna be like when Dorothy wakes up in Oz whenever I switch it back haha. This must explain why I hate black and white phone wallpapers!! It's weird but I always find that I never look at my wallpaper when there's no color so I end up changing it.  Can you do this on an iPhone 6s? Interested to try it out.  I just forget to charge mine and end up with the same result. sounds good. I got a nokia brick phone and used that for 6 months to break my habit. now I never look at my smart phone Interesting. I wonder if there is a generational deal involved. I was born late 80's and so while we had one black and white TV, I mostly grew up on color TV and broadband (my parents were super into tech, both being engineers.) I also, really am curious about how kids growing up on iPads are going to be, with ADHD in their adulthood I'd suggest using the blue light filter and making the display warmer, it's a lot easier on the eyes I believe so. It is on most versions of iOS Oh God I am so relieved we couldn't afford a computer/the net at home until I was about 19 (2005), as I was a big reader in the absence of anything else to do (the four TV channels we got in the UK didn't really cut it) - if I'd had the internet at home as a younger kid I couldn't have been prised off it. I hated it at the time, though.  Sorry I guess I should’ve asked “how?” I couldn’t find it in settings. 

Edit: nvm I found it on google. Lol I guess I forgot about google for a sec. thanks :)  