whats your reading speed? mine is 70 - 100.

just set a timer for 20 min and looked at the results. (tried to do the 20 min this 5 min that technique that was mentioned here )

fuck me! I did one test from Google and got 339 WPM with 91% comprehension (answered 1 out of 10 questions wrong). And I did another test and got 268 WPM and 100% comprehension. 

I’m a pretty heavy reader and have gone through a couple hundred books, mainly non-fiction, on my Kindle over the past couple years. Reading used to be a struggle and I even went a decade without fully reading a book, but now my eyes just take in multi word chunks and dart down the page. I also use tiny font and have really narrow blocks of text/wide margins which makes it easy.

However, this is only on my meds. If I’m off my meds, I have zero desire to read (despite it being something I normally love) and I can barely comprehend anything. So on meds I’m a great reader, off meds I am terrible. 

I also can’t read any of the “classics” from the 1800s. Too much effort for my brain to try and figure out the dated language so I break my immersion and focus over and over with nothing to show for it, lol.  When I started school, I was tested at over 500 wpm and I remember trying to read slower so the test would take longer and I could miss more class. Not a fair comparison as I had already been reading several hours a day for 3 years while my classmates were just learning. My grandpa never learned to read due to dyslexia and quitting school at age 7 to work. My dad was embarrassed by how slow he read the daily newspaper but I never equated speed with IQ, I just liked reading and did a lot of it quickly so I could start a new book as soon as possible. And reading fast in school left me lots of time to goof off. [removed] Are you measuring in words per minute? used to be painfully slow. Now I can read extremely quickly, with very good comprehension. Uni meant that I had to read 100s of pages a day-week, had to get good > I also can’t read any of the “classics” from the 1800s. Too much effort for my brain to try and figure out the dated language so I break my immersion and focus over and over with nothing to show for it, lol.

damn

thats EXACTLY me!


when I am on meds, and I read about something I am interested and motivated things go better.... but not for this 1800 classics.

i am thinking of quitting since I am not suited for reading those kinds of demanding literature meaterial.

thanks bro I managed Dracula. Liked how it was a journal entry format. Jules Verne was a favorite in HS. As was Michael Crichton. However, rarely does anything else grab my attention.

I do love reading on my meds and look forward to when I have time to sit down and read (lol). Psych is adding a 3rd dose next appointment so that should let me do some evening reading :) I'm pumped.

EDIT: I just realized I can probably re-read books now! I'm even more psyched!! :D omfg.... this is like, it would take you 15 min to finish an assignment and me a fucking hour.
can you imagine?

meet later? sure, when? ... after I am exhausted for reading 1 hour on my time line ... or after quickly going over that text in say 15 min and be all fresh and have energy and motivation .... on your timeline ....

gaaaawwwwwwddd


cheers bro thanks.

Your average reading speed is 180 words per minute!
You have answered 15 out of 18 ( 84 %) questions correctly.

found the content rather easy and "childish" .... 

thanks for the link mate! yes I was.  oh, so you improved? ... maybe so will I 

cheers It’s a skill. A lot of the non-fiction I read is probably too dense for a beginner reader but it comes naturally to me. If you’re learning a new language, even as an excellent student in a language class and a full grown adult, you probably can’t read more than a children’s book, lol.

I suppose classics are the same way. You probably get used to the language after a while. But if it’s for school, everyone is using Sparknotes and online chapter summaries anyway. And you don’t really have to read classics if you don’t want to. Someone once said that a lot of people just read classics so they can say they read the classics. Read what you enjoy.  