Im struggling with reading. I can read. I know i have to read it. I want to read it. But my brain doesn't want to read it, so instead it wanders off getting lost in thought Reading is what I have to do nearly everyday. Sometimes I zone into it for hours at a time with no problem. But a lot of the times it's just so frustrating that I end up dicthing what it is I have to read and doing something else. 

My brain just wanders so often during the reading process that I end up having to reread what I've just *'read'* multiple times so that it sinks in. Not to mention all the more interesting stuff happening around me when I do try to read. It takes a lot more time than necessary I think and it's a huge pain in the arse

I feel like an idiot because of it when it happens. I can't do one of the most basic things properly like everyone else. It's so ridiculous it's just fucking sad

How do you face this struggle ?

Edit: wow thank you for my first gold! I never would've thought that my reading issues would be worth so much Medication, of course.

But besides that, is it the wall of text, or the lack of stimulation?

For wall of text, use something to block off the rest of the page, so you read one line at a time.

For lack of stimulation or interest, do what the other comment said. Find some type of background stimulation you can turn on and tweak. Ambient music, TV sounds, white nose. Just be careful not to get sucked in or distracted. This was the main issue that caused me to seek a diagnosis and is something I still struggle with. There are a few things you can do to help though and I know for a lot of people having some ambient music on in the background can help as it keeps the demons busy if that makes any sense as instead of having nothing to do and trying to pull your attention away they are in a sort of "oooooh" mode. Another thing is to only have the line you are reading at the bottom of the page as it stops your mind from wanting to skip to the next paragraph. For a computer this is easy but for reading anything physical you can use a rule that you just move down after each line. It's also quite dependant on your mood as well so make sure you've done any of those small things on your list so your brain won't keep trying to tell you there's something you need to do. Fidget toys and lyricless music help me with this. This is why I've opted to get all my books electronically. You can use text-to-speech software and then read along with the recitation by the narrator. It is much more stimulating for your brain since you're exciting your visual and auditory cortex, so I tend to be able to follow along and read for much longer than if I were to just read a textbook. This is why audiobooks have been incredible in getting me to finish books. Definitely try to get your text read out loud if you can. Reading with focus is like mindfulness meditation: it's ok if your attention wanders off, just calmly bring it back as soon as you notice. Set a timer just like you would for meditation or for pomodoro work.


Mindfulness meditation helps develop mindful reading, but you don't have to meditate to practice mindful reading. If you do mindful reading with intention, it will get easier with practice.  My understanding is that (my) ADD/ADHD is an executive function disorder stemming in part from a lack of dopamine. It's hard to start things and it's hard to stop things. There *are* those times of hyper focus. When you can hardly tear yourself away.

Step 1 : Read everything everywhere all day long. Always. Make text something that is simply not permitted to hide any meaning from you. Don't let a single bumper sticker win.  Read signs, menus, shampoo instructions, everything. All the time. Every single day. That builds reading into an activity like walking, only better. You don't have to think anything about doing it. You just always do it. 

Step 2 : Find books and articles that really excite you. Stuff you automatically hyperfocus on because you really love it.  

YMMV of course. Hope that helps. 

I'm glad I grew up when UHF was a special TV channel above 13 and space invaders was the best video game. Reading IS my distraction and fun. I can easily get lost in it and end up reading all day long. I very much live what I wrote above. My ADHD gets bored and starts reading safety labels and dentist office magazines. And tons of carefully chosen  sci-fi novels. Those are like special treasures. 

Step one is critical. Reading Can Not be a Thing. "I'm trying to walk to my friend's house and I keep getting distracted and never visiting him". That would only happen if you had to concentrate on walking as a Thing. 




 I don't even try to read without medication. It's like trying to read while somebody occasionally slaps your eyes to a different spot on the page.. well, now you have to reread that sentence.. where the hell was that sentence?

Do that up to a few times per sentence. [deleted] Something I struggled with a lot, but I took a speed reading class and it’s totally changed the way I read!

Like most people have said, using a notecard or piece of paper to underline what you’re reading helps. It gives your eyes an anchor on the page. I actually use my fingertips. I line all of them up in a line to underline what I’m reading because it gives me something tactile to keep me going. It’s a weird habit, but i also press down with the finger below the word I’m reading. For me, it associates the first part of the line with a touch or feeling, that way if i get lost in a line I can usually figure out which finger i was on when i got distracted. 

I always read with sticky notes, the little ones usually. Depending on the content of the book, i’ll either write one sentence to sum up each page, each paragraph on every page, or at the halfway mark and the end mark of every page. This allows me to take a break from reading so I can stop and digest what I read. Then, i compile all of the sentences after each chapter and write them either in a notebook or type them up. In case you haven’t noticed, I’m an extremely tactile learner, so the act of writing things down helps me a lot. 

Then, I also have great notes for class! 

You can also try reading out loud if you’re an auditory learner, or even invest in a learning assistive pen. They make pens that you scan a book with and it’ll read the text back to you. They’re made for people with dyslexia mostly, but my school had some in elementary school that I would use regularly. 

Finally, there’s something to be said about the way English is taught. We are taught to read using phonetics, meaning we see a letter, sound it out, and the sound holds the meaning. This forces us to literally read words in our mind as we are reading. There is an alternative to this. Instead of associating meaning with sound, you can teach yourself to associate meaning with letters. This is how speed reading is taught, because more often than not you delay your reading speed so your mind-voice can keep up. A lot of times my mind-voice is what distracts me. I end up having a conversation with myself about what I’m reading. I have learned to somewhat quiet that voice by ingesting the meaning of a sentence without hearing it in my head. It’s hard to describe and harder to learn since we’re literally taught language that way, but I have found it’s good for my attention. I’m able to consume more of my mind in the meaning of the text rather than just the sound, and more often than not, when I’m reading in my head, i concentrate so much on thinking the words that I forget to actually understand their meaning. 

Good luck! What helped me was getting a text-to-speech program to read to me, while I read. My focus went up  A LOT when this happened.

If you're using epubs or pdfs, there's a voice addon for Moonreader (Android) called IVONA Text-to-speech, I then download the voice IVONA Amy (which sounds the most organic to me), the Moonreader app recognizes this voice app and you can turn it on at the bottom. I was not able to read any  books before I did this and trust me, it made a huge difference.  I love this post. Didn't get through it all because I lost focus but saved it so I will definitely read it later. Read the first sentence of the paragraph, then read the last. If you’re unsure of what the rest of the content is then read it, if not move on.

It was the only way I got though my readings in school before mediation (and even sometimes on medication). Yeah that's my problem as well.  Reading dry boring crap is SO HARD when you have ADD/ADHD.  It's so un-stimulating and tedious that I actually get increasingly fatigued and sleepy when reading.  I know the struggle.  Do you have to ever reread lines because you forget what you just read?  Or do you find yourself thinking about what you're going to do when you're not reading (while you're reading)?  It's all so common, but a lot of people just don't recognize it's ADHD nor do they ever seek help.  It seems ashaming like "I can't read" right?  Well, we can read (with maybe the exception of dyslexia in severer forms), but it's just that we read rather "staggered" or "fragmented" is how I've come to understand it.  Noticed it in peoples' speeches that ADHD brains sort of jump like mini short circuits in their verbal speech, so take a listen and see if you have people you would suspect that are maybe kind of hyperactive/inattentive/like to ramble on and on and digress a bunch in speech+thought and see what you find :)  Also, feel free to add me on here.   As mentioned before medication was a game changer for me, Before getting diagnosed I did read a lot but it would have to be something I am very interested in, and even then a lot of my books have gone unfinished.  Below I'll share with how I got through reading being unmedicated.

If you are interested in learning and getting the most out of reading, get the book How to Read a Book by Mortimer J. Adler. It kills the myth of speed reading and tells you how to read different subjects and different strategies for reading. It has been super helpful to me and I should probably read it again.

Here are some tips ii remember. One was don't start a chapter until you know what it's about. Go through and read the first and last sentence of each paragraph, get the main ideas out of the chapter first. SKim it, then go back and do a more in-depth read. 

Also, highlight and take notes in the margin. Make your own index of important ideas.  Also, reading slowly is okayyyyyyy, it is even preferred. Drift off and think, and write your ideas down in the margin. 

This catered to my ADHD jumping around tendencies and made it a little more active and not so boring reading. The hard part is making it a habit. What helps me is having some mild background noise, and taking notes. It takes me an absurdly long time to read, but as soon as I come across a quote I like I write it down, and that definitely helps me stay focused and absorb what I’m reading. Read out loud. I find it helps me slow down a LOT. Even just mouthing the words can force you to slow down and absorb what you're reading. I had this issue for years, but it didn't start until adulthood. As a child and teenager I could read for hours (unless it was something I was obligated to read, of course). I was on ADHD medication for about a year but still struggled with it. It improved much more when I started escitalopram for anxiety/depression back in December. My psychiatrist and I determined that reading became something I was so anxious about that that was what prevented me from even attempting to focus on it (yay avoidance lol). I still don't read much but I'm trying to convince my brain that it's something enjoyable again. Your distraction while reading, that happens to me *all the time*, especially if it's a book that I have very little interest in reading. I'm dyslexic, and I have ADHD as well.

I used to be an avid book reader when I was a kid, because I was so isolated at home. I don't read books anymore, but I do have a BA in English literature, even with my dyslexia.

Because I'm a kinesthetic/spatial/visual learner, what helps me stay reading for hours on end is standing on my feet or walking around. Reading while riding the bus helps as well. 

I also use colored reading rulers and color overlays from Crossbow Education with my students. Gotta go to work, but will be back later. Most of the time I force myself to read but as I'm sitting at my desk my brain will "literally" shut itself off and next thing I know, I wake with my head in the pages covered with drool, I can't read anywhere else(bed,comfortable chair) because I just abandon it and fall asleep. I realize that this might be a solution that is counter intuitive and maybe not even helpful to anyone else, but sometimes when I'm having trouble focusing on one thing I put on music.  Something that I know I can comfortably ignore in the background while I do something else.  

The act of tuning out the music helps me focus and limits my distractions from other sources.  


edit:  I should have checked other replies before I posted.  This actually seems somewhat common.   It's OK to skim through your reading first. Do that, put it aside, go fuck around for an hour then come back and read it properly. You'll already have some of the information from skimming so it'll be a little less painful.

Play classical music in the background. Not music with lyrics and not other popular music you already know. I bought a playlist of the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra that has like 30 songs so I can listen uninterrupted by some radio DJ. It really helped when I wasn't medicated. Also, sit back and visualize yourself in the future, having already read the thing. that helps, too. 

 Meditation helps when I’m feeling really distracted. Just 5 minutes a day. 

Or if it’s for school I write down notes from each page so it’s like a minute of reading and a minute of reflection. Helps me remember the material too  I used to read nonfiction for fun. When I had to start reading nonfiction for University and for Work, I stopped enjoying it, and my pace slowed to a crawl; my attention span, a sputter.

What worked for me was this:
I read World War Z. A fun, good read. Required little reading comprehension. Was a joy. I realized how important it was to be enjoying a skill to be exercising it to its potential. I now read fiction, daily. Fantasy stuff. Easy stuff. Fun stuff. It's the spoonful of sugar that makes the medicine go down, because when you are using the skill, your comprehension will rise and maintain at the pace you are used to with the easy stuff, even for the hard stuff.

Also, wordless music. Jazz or classical. 

Meds can help as training wheels, but you're gonna wanna take em off at some point, so read stuff you enjoy for fun to practice feeling like a neurotypical reader. Headphones + lyricless music.

There is a lot of good music on YouTube, Google music, Spotify etc. I've tried some of the "focus" music and wasn't a fan. Too mellow.

Some jazz like miles Davis, or I've found a lot of lyricless hip hop /beats. They can be more up beat and stimulateing. Check out rjd2.


Headphones seem more effective then just speakers. Drowns out everything else and you are in your own little world.

And as another commenter stated, look at it like mindfulness meditation. Don't TRY TO FOCUS just read, when your attention wonders,  just a knowledge it and direct it back to the page. It's like a muscle and will become easier with practice. Sometimes you will just fill in the blank, others may require rereading. Obviously easier with fiction, vs technical manuals.  Yes. All the time, even with little things like the time or a simple measurement. It sucks. I barely read anymore because of it.  For so long I had this issue!  I would try to read a book but a few pages in I would loose interest or not recall what I read.   So i stated listening to Podcasts and audio books as an alternative.

I had a particularly  bad moment last year at work, i was trying to read a document in order to respond back to a colleague.  It didn't matter how many times i read it, it would not sink in!  For a whole hour i tried but nothing was registering.  My brain had completely shut down.  I was so frustrated and close to tears.  

I've been medicated for 6 weeks now.  In the first week or two I downloaded a book from Amazon and attempted to read it.  I finished it in 2 days!  It was so wonderful to sit, relax and be so immersed in the book and to fully take in and understand what I was reading.  It might seem like the strangest thing to anyone who doesn't have ADHD but it was a pretty big deal for me!   1). Meds. 

2). LISTEN TO BROWN NOISE WITH HEADPHONES ON IN A LOCATION WHERE YOU CANNOT SEE ANYTHING IN YOUR PERIPHERAL THAT IS DISTRACTING. 

That's what I did during law school. Stuck myself in a corner booth where no one was around, didn't have my phone near me, put an internet blocker on my computer that could block certain websites, and then listened to loud brown noise with my headphones on. 

Worked a treat.  Ahhhh...my life too as an ADD'er. I hate reading because of it. Medication helped...when I was on it. I hate Adderall. If its on a screen I Spreed it, a chrome app that just burns through a wall of text in a few seconds Meds
Headphones
And contrary to what everyone is saying about speak to text, with all my uni readings I now print out all my readings. I feel super bad for the environment but it has helped immensely. Good luck Underlining or highlighting as I go helps me stay on task whenever I have to read for school.  Even if it's not something I have to memorize facts out of, making little notes or marks around parts I find interesting/humorous/etc. makes the reading feel more broken up and less like a mass of text I have to sift through.  I feel this. At this point I go into it with sheer hope that I'll be able to read without getting distracted or falling asleep. Sometimes reading out loud to my dogs or boyfriend helps.  Depends on what format you are reading. Check YouTube for and audiobook. Or have your phone read it to you.  Read out loud.

Use voices if you'd like.

Make comments as you go. I am in the process of getting a diagnosis. Reading books has been a hard subject for me. I decided to try audio books because I was also having a hard time motivating myself to do normal tasks. (I was using Netflix on my phone for this but it was becoming problematic like, making the dishes take two hours or making my walk to work dangerous.)

I was able to finish a book! And I'm currently listening to a book suggested by my nurse practitioner about ADHD! (Driven to Distraction) I still have to rewind what I'm listening to because I've tuned out sometimes, and I worry about how much I'll even remember or take in, but it feels good to be engaged like that again.

Though I do miss the book smell. Break it up into sections and reward yourself after each. Take breaks. I also find it help me to comprehend if i picture myself reading it to someone else and having to make sure *they* understand. If you know it well enough to explain to someone else, you’ve got it.  I used to go through books like water, and as I've gotten older, I find myself not being able to focus on them very well. I've recently started borrowing audiobooks from my library (shout out to the app, Libby, all you need is a library card!) and listening to them. I'll listen to them while driving (while I'm partially focused on the road), and if I'm just sitting and listening, I'll usually pull up a simple game on my phone (2048 and Flow Free are my favorites) or computer (solitaire or minesweeper). It's juuuuust enough to distract me so I can focus.  Definitely medication as others have stated. Stuff that personally helps me?

Take notes on what you’re reading. Don’t just read to read or it’s easy for our brains to wander. Giving us a task that we can hyper focus on that is stimulating is amazing. I specifically think writing like physically writing notes is the best way to stay engaged and remember what you read. It also helps our brains to order the information in a way that keeps us engaged as well as retain. Studies have been done on the benefits of physically writing (as opposed to typing) notes specifically on your issue.  I used to pace around the living room while reading. This seemed to help keep the background of my brain occupied. Try audiobooks. Learn to read while walking. Got me thru grad school.  One thing that works if you can track one down, is a good speed Reading course. If you can get though it and pick it up you'll be able to get through a lot of reading. Mainly because at a faster pace your mind will not drift anymore...it will be more like watching an action packed movie.  I have a similar issue, whenever any sound happens I immediately forget the last 30 seconds of what I had read and have to read over it  I totally get it. It’s either this or I read it aloud to myself and then I’m a paragraph down and then go “oh shit. I just read that out loud and I have no idea what I just read” I find instrumental music can help with me a good bit. My personal favorite is Lindsey Stirling radio on Pandora. Takes a minute to get used to the feel of the instrumentals but I’ve found it helps keep me on track. Have you tried audiobooks? Can still be difficult but slightly easier for me Buy the audiobook and play it 2x or 3x speed while reading I wish they would just start formatting books so it resembles a Long page of reddit comments because then I would read the whole thing  This, it might be the new prescription talking but I read more yesterday than I did in the last two years or so. Then again, I was supposed to be cleaning my room instead... I remember when I was younger, one of my teachers had me use an index card and slide it down the page as I read text. Helped with not feeling overwhelmed and skipping around. 

I still do something similar on PC, but highlight read text as I'm reading it instead. That way I don't lose my place.  I love your username :) Great suggestions.  For reading boring shit, ambient music is the way to go for me.

Definitely get Spotify or Pandora (I reccomend the paid services).  My personal favorite to use at work is one of the several LoFi Hip Hop/Chill Hop playlists on Spotify.  No lyrics, just chill beats.  Think Samurai Champloo w/ no lyrics. Chewing gum helps me, as well as highlighting each passage that I'm reading (I still really struggle though)  Yea same here. I can read, but it just takes me FOREVER. I have to read the same paragraph over and over again because I end up getting distracted halfway through. It’s really frustrating and made me hate reading as a kid. i notice that I do way better with reading on my computer than picking up a physical book. Not great, but better. It feels more comfortable. I get distracted by how the page feels, how many pages are left, and how I’m holding the book. I find it rly frustrating.  YES!! I need some kind of stimulation while I’m reading. Something to fidget with, or if I can move it helps. I have a mini twist stepper, so I can move my whole body. Lyricless music can help, but sometimes I end up zoning out listening to the beat, but it helps a majority of the time. Since I was a kid, I’ve always fidgeted with the pages of books I’m reading. Probably the number one reason I don’t use my ereader.  I downloaded the kindle app on all of my phones since 2013 and am so used to reading on it now that I have a hard time reading paperback. I didn't realize this until I bought a bunch of books on paperback last year and was only able to finish one, there are still two more that are half read. I wish buying a paperback could give you access to the e-book.  Whoa. Thank you for this idea. Sometimes it's easy for me to get distracted on PC and open tabs and sometimes it's hard to focus on a line so having a notecard on a paper page to limit me to that line helps.

The thing is - no one method works every time so my mantra is basically, "If this isn't working find another way to d it" and it might be better suited to me at that particular moment in time.

Never thought to try this. Thanks! This. Kindle + screen reader has been a lifesaver for me, even the desktop app has a screen reader option. I can't just listen to it though, I have to follow along or I have to be doing something mindless like chores for it to really sink in. You can hook it up with Libby or OverDrive apps so you can use the screen reader on library ebooks too.

I also have a screen reader on my browser called Voice Instead for Chrome. I use it for when there's really long articles that I know I can't focus on but are clogging my tabs by letting it sit there.

Also if you're trying to read a physical book instead, I hear a lot of people like using the pomodoro timer/app for reading. Apparently the ticking noises are key for keeping you focused when you're reading. > just calmly bring it back as soon as you notice

Fuck that I'm going to rampage and refuse to read it and then I'm going to get unnecessarily angry at you for suggesting that I be calm and happy when I can't read -.- I compulsively read signs and words outdoors, sometimes out loud if I'm with other people and realized that it's probably done for similar reasons to what you're talking about.  Interesting.   OMG is that why I always would re-read the cereal box a million times during breakfast as a kid, and I compulsively read labels on things and signs now, occasionally out loud??? my mind keeps getting blown the more I read here. Wow  I would go to the bathroom or take a shower and spend waaaaay too much time reading labels. Kinda makes sense now. LOL! I can totally relate :3 Re: number 3, what software do you use? My Mac will read things but the voice is weird and robotic, and will misinterpret a lot of things like symbols and stuff. I'd love to use it but I just can't get over how unnatural it sounds. I really like podcasts though. I also have audiobooks but for some reason they don't interest me as much and I can never get back into the story if I stop and pick it up again later.  I had to re read this Taboo is a powerful stimulator (doing what we shouldn't be). I highlight as I'm reading too! Never consciously thought about it until I read this.  Wow! I did this all the time, never realised that it was helping me read. I am a programmer, I keep selecting lines and have a strong line indicator in terminal to show where I am. Stuff that you figure out that are coping mechanisms! Thanks! As you like. The advice was for OP. But notice I never said anything about being happy. They put that stuff on the back of cereal boxes because everyone reads it. That's just normal. "There are no limits to what you can accomplish when you're supposed to be doing something else." Damn, sums up my whole life before (and a little bit after) my diagnosis... Lol now if only I could make learning more about company products taboo Huh. Same! Just learned something about myself. I took it as implicit in the meditation. oh shit. Naw dude. Mindfulness meditation isn't about being happy or calm. It's about taking a step back and noticing what your brain is doing, whether it's being happy, sad, angry, anxious, or whatever. You just kind of let it be and keep doing the meditation practice. 