So do people here just not have any citrus fruit or take multis with vitamin C? Been reading all day about how vitamin C negates the stimulants... Anyone want to comment on this? If you google you'll find hundreds of articles saying vitamin C nullifies the effects of amphetamines and causes you to excrete them faster, that acidic environments are bad for absorption, etc. As in, even if you take XR or Vyvanse and have orange juice 4 hours after taking them, that's going to terminate the time release and make the rest of your day basically non-medicated. What's to be done? I love citrus, and it's impossible to find a multi without vitamin C, and I do best on time release stimulants so taking IR, then C, then waiting, then IR wouldn't work too well. Thanks. So, I actually asked my psychiatrist once, because I had started an orange juice binge and was having problems with my adderall a few months later. She said she had never really seen academic papers with *Vitamin C*, but has seen a few about super-acidic fruits, like grapefruit. She told me I shouldn't be too worried about drinking orange juice.  

I will say, I still ended up changing medication and still drink quite a bit of orange juice, and feel my new medication works. [deleted] [deleted] Took my meds (concerta) and had a grapefruit once... meds did not work AT ALL.  It was awful.  

Vowed never to do that again- take vitamins at night, and don’t drink OJ or anything else with citrus fruit.  Muuuch better.  Can you just take the multi vitamin or eat oranges at night? It shouldn't be a problem if you do it when the medicine is wearing off anyway. Don’t stress out too much about this. If you’re really worried, you can have your vitamin C supplements and citrus fruits at night and take antacids with your meds. Just see how you feel! Maybe you need to take a higher dose, maybe a different medication, maybe you’re all good. You could also experiment with not taking vitamin C and see if you notice any difference, but I can’t imagine anything you eat would be able to ENTIRELY negate your meds, or even come close. 

I tend to obsess over this sort of thing too, and I know all too well the urge to read lengthy articles and forum threads, as well as the subsequent urge to arrange my life around how to maximize Adderall absorption. I promise you it’s not necessary.  Are you sure that even if it's in your intestine vitamin C won't affect its clearance and hence effects?

How would this apply to vyvanse?

From elsewhere: 
"
Amphetamines are basic drugs and their excretion depends on the fraction of non-ionised to ionised in urine. Ascorbic acid is an acid hence it will make the urine acidic and will protonate the amphetamines as a result. The distal tubule cells in the lower urinary tract reabsorbs molecules which has no charged hence it will be maintained in the circulatory system. So amphetamines are maintained in the system because it is being reabsorbed (I think the pKa of amphetamines are higher than physiological pH so it won't be protonated). To stop the damaging effects of these drugs, ascorbic acid makes the urine acidic and prevents the amphetamines from being absorbed hence preventing further overdose [or continued dosing/absorption]. " Even taking meds with a glass of orange juice shouldn't be a problem. Orange juice pH varies from 3.3 to about 4.2 (that range actually surprised me, on a log scale that's huge). We produce about 1.5 liters of gastric acid every day, mostly during the process of eating anything. That gastric acid has a pH of about 0.8 when we produce it, but it is diluted down to the 1-3 range by the mucus and other fluids in our stomach. That includes the orange juice we ingest. 

Even the most acidic orange juice is less acidic than our stomach, so within the actual stomach it only serves to increase the pH and make our stomach less acidic. Beyond the stomach plenty of other things can happen, but orange juice is not strong enough of an acid to acidify our stomachs.  Grapefruit is notorious for drug interactions. It mucks with a few different enzymes involved in drug absorption and can cause over-absorption OR under-absorption depending on the drug and the enzymes involved. It can actually be quite dangerous.  I was going to say the exact same thing. When on meds, I save my fruit juice for the end of the day to help get it out of my system and hopefully sleep well at night. 

One time when first starting meds I took my Vyvanse with OJ (didn't know any better) and it did not work that day at all. Lesson learned.  >Amphetamines are basic drugs and their excretion depends on the fraction of non-ionised to ionised in urine. Ascorbic acid is an acid hence it will make the urine acidic and will protonate the amphetamines as a result.

As a biology major, this sounds SUPER fishy.  That's because it is fishy.

The fraction in *urine* has already passed hepatic stages and the kidneys.

Ionized molecules will be retained in the tubules and undergo further processes. I don't think the source you're quoting is accurately describing the effect.

Edit: mobile sux 