People diagnosed in adulthood, did you make a career change? Or adjust your current job? I work in an office and I tend to spend most of my days dicking around and procrastinating, which takes a big toll on my emotional health, but no matter how much I tell myself I'll be different today I never am. 

My psychologist is quite certain I have ADHD and has recommended that I make an appointment with my GP or a psychiatrist to get a prescription for either a stimulant or Wellbutrin to see if that helps. 

I'm looking forward to trying medication and seeing if I can make my current situation work better for me, but I also know that even with medication I'm fighting against myself every day in this job and would probably be better off making a career change into something more interesting/exciting and with a lot less time spent at a desk. 

I'm interested to hear from others who were diagnosed later on in life (I'm 32) and in particular from people who were working in office settings / still are. Did you make a career change after you were diagnosed? What did you switch to? Or did you restructure your work environment and/or work on building new habits at your current job?  Diagnosed at 40. 

Former job:
Office physician. 25 patients a day. Each with an appointment time. Plus refills. Plus letters and proper authorizations. In a little room. 
Drove me nuts. 
Like Suicidal nuts. 

Current job:
Hospital physician. Around 12 patients a day. And only that 12. Hyperfocus. Walk around. No set appt times. More variety in general. 
Love it.  I am in the same boat as you right now and I was also hopeful medication would make my office job tolerable but it did not. (It may work for you, but I’m one of the unlucky people for whom medication does nothing positive at all, so I’m actually unmedicated now.)

I am actively looking to get out of my current office job and change to one that is more of a “natural stimulant” for me. I find that my ADHD symptoms nearly dissipate when I’m doing public speaking and when I’m arguing or competing, so I am trying to return to my former profession as an attorney.

It didn’t work out before, but I think that is because 1.) I was undiagnosed then so I didn’t know what I was dealing with and 2.) I was in a practice area that didn’t involve much litigation, which is what I excel at. 

So to answer your question, I am making a career change (or rather, revival!) after my diagnosis now that I know what I’m up against and what works and what doesn’t for me. 

 It was a career change that caused me to finally seek a formal diagnosis -- at age 26, after spending 10+ years in coffee shops and restaurants, I switched to an office job working for my dad.

&#x200B;

I initially just came in for a few months to help him during the busy season, and that rocked. Lots of 10-12 hour days, constant work to be done, no down-time.. etc. I'm great at working like this for a few months, so the job itself is wonderful. My dad asked and I agreed to come on full-time and permanently, but after the busy season wore off, I found it was super difficult to stay on task and get things done and tasks that should have taken twenty minutes took me an hour or longer.

&#x200B;

I'm glad I got diagnosed because I was tired of the service industry, but I never would have been able to 'make it' in an office environment without medication. I'm really lucky that my job, though primarily office work, is still fast-paced enough to suit my ADHD brain. There's enough going on at any given time, and plenty of side-projects and new things to learn, that I don't get bored. But yeah.. I definitely couldn't do it without medication and therapy. I am similar age, diagnosed as adult, well into a career that is mostly office/knowledge work.  There are some small areas in my current profession that meet my needs, but I've been realizing that in general, I will never find a highly comfortable fit in this field unless I get supremely lucky in specific ways.  I'm beginning the process of trying to understand better what makes me tick and what a more successful and happy fit would be, but I'm also a bit sad that I've invested so much time and money to find myself at this crossroads now.  That said, hindsight is 20-20, you're the sum of your experiences, etc so ultimately there is nothing to do but be flexible and look forwards.  Medication and lifestyle/habit change has greatly enhanced my ability to "perform" and "endure" my job, but has not solved general satisfaction in any way, so I feel that I will need to continue to look at other options.  One thing I think is important, if you have the luxury, is to take time on this next phase/decision making process, to try and get much closer to good than before.  

Regarding myself--I think that I'm looking to switch to something that minimizes the amount of time I'm micromanaged, something that offers greater flexibility (ie work when you're productive, don't work when you're not, open time off/remote possibilities) and something that takes better advantage of my problem solving and creative abilities. My current job has elements of these, but the ratio between things that "bore the living hell out of me" and "things that I lose track of time doing" is out of whack, so I'd be trying to move to a healthier balance there.  I don't expect that I'll ever find something is all high engagement all the time, but I want the boring stuff more balanced out, since I can motivate better on it when I'm more engaged and excited by the good stuff.  It's a bit terrifying on the one hand, because I have student debt, and I'm fairly specialized in a sense, so jumping ship feels scary and "unrealistic" but I also strongly feel that you only have the one life to live, and frankly I've been following everyone's advice for years about what to do and what's good for me, and as far as I'm concerned, it hasn't worked out very well for me--so it's time to follow my gut more. Diagnosed at 43 after losing 2 office jobs and looked for help.  I worked with someone with ADHD, and I found him super easy to work with, he showed me some ways to cope. I honestly just could NOT focus on anything, and my brain was all over the place if I didn't have more than 1 thing to focus on I'd either panic or get depressed. I felt like my life was completely out of control, and it was. 

Took a way lower paying job with great people where I'm on my feet all day helping  others. I'm working on me, and learning to pay attention to things. I work on this every day. 

  I am smart, and I am worthy of a great paying job.  2 months ago my response would have been the opposite. Diagnosed last year at 29. I've never had a big boy job but all my jobs have been boring as hell. I currently work retail again and since it's been a decade since the last time it feels kind of new. I'm also without my rx right now since moving to a different state so it's getting boring fast.

I'm starting school (again, third times the charm right?) in fall so hopefully this will distract me enough to bare with my current situation. At the end of this I hope to have a Bs Computer Science and I feel like this will be good for me. I’ve changed jobs often every three years or so. Employer is large health district. Tons of different jobs. I can apply based on seniority. I do my best no meds I was getting my computer science degree when I was diagnosed. I got the diagnosis halfway through my college career and I was tempted to cut back and just get an associates but I stuck it out and made it through. Knowing why I was having trouble and getting on medication helped me through that period. I'm a programmer full time and I'm starting to have some difficulty again. I think it's just a roller coaster of good days and bad. I've done too much to switch careers now.  When I went on medication all of those things I wanted to change, I was able to start changing slowly. I still struggle and am now much more aware of those struggles, but it is nice to know where to look. So I didn't change careers but I became much more efficient. However i like my job a lot.  Whats your rent? I'm in the process, so to speak. Diagnosed at 41, had the same - very demanding - job for seventeen or so years. Now I can't fool myself any longer into thinking it's a job I can continue to handle, with the symptoms worsening and all that. But I have no idea whatsoever what else to do. Right now I feel like I don't want to do anything :( *beep beep* Hi, I'm JobsHelperBot, your friendly neighborhood jobs helper bot! My job in life is to help you with your job search but I'm just 392.8 days old and I'm still learning, so please tell me if I screw up. *boop*

It looks like you're asking about career advice. But, I'm only ~12% sure of this. Let me know if I'm wrong!

Have you checked out BusinessInsider, HBR, ModernMom, etc.? They've got some great resources:

* http://www.businessinsider.com/career-advice-you-should-never-take-2014-5
* https://hbr.org/2002/12/how-to-stay-stuck-in-the-wrong-career
* https://www.modernmom.com/018a34ba-c68e-11e3-b054-bc764e0546c6.html
* https://www.monster.com/career-advice/article/thinking-about-a-job-change
* https://www.quora.com/Career-Advice/What-are-a-few-unique-pieces-of-career-advice-that-nobody-ever-mentions The fact that you made it through med school and were able to work as a physician initially without help for ADHD is a huge accomplishment!  Thanks for the perspective on office vs. hospital setting. I'm a second-year student and wasn't diagnosed until my first year. I had trouble adapting/adjusting... basically every aspect of my life. 

Your description of the hospital routine seems like a better fit. Do you find you're still able to form meaningful relationships with your patients in the hospital setting? I was initially leaning towards primary care in an office setting because of the long-term care aspect. did you take any meds or did you learn how to live with it? Undiagnosed 1st year med student here. I haven't talked to a psychiatrist because I'm not sure I have adhd, but I do have the symptoms and am struggling to stay afloat. How did you manage to get through med school and residency undiagnosed? Sounds like our jobs are pretty similar in terms of the interesting/boring ratio. I enjoy the parts of my job where I get to interact with people and where I get to be creative. I like the parts where I get to do some writing and I enjoy a lot of the project work, but my day to day is utterly mind numbing and honestly, a big part of the issue is that if I'm being totally honest, I don't need 40 hrs a week to do my job. I dick around most of the time and then go into overdrive when I have sufficient stress to motivate me. The work always gets done on time and my quality of work is good enough no one questions whether I work hard or not. My boss seems to think I do and is very hands off with me. 

I dunno, I just feel like I'd be better off in a job that either involves a lot more human interaction or one that is more hands on and not in front of a computer all day for 5 days a week. I'm thinking about going to a police info night to see what that could entail but I do know that even if I determine it would be a good fit, I will take a significant pay cut making that move.  I have a mortgage with my fiance. If it's the right move I can afford a $10,000-15,000 /year pay reduction. But I don't want to make any move that's going to hurt us financially if I'm not confident it's the right move.  Yeah, I had thoughts much like that in med school and residency. Though I find hospital medicine has a lot of the human component. 

Regularly I break the news to patients about serious or terminal diagnoses. Also do a fair amount of end of life care and attend to deaths, which really get you involved with the family.  Its kinda hyper focused humanism. Intense and short duration. 

There's more continuity than I expected.  There are many patients I admit once and then go their merry way,  but there is also a cohort of patients with serious chronic illness whom I admit multiple times over the course of months or even years.  Morning
Adderall ER 10
Lithium ER 300
Bupropion SR 300

Afternoon
Adderall 10 short acting How I got through med school was:

* skipping lectures because they bored me
* reading, re-reading and highlighting like mad
* cannabis
* nintendo

with heavy amounts of the last 3 on the list.

I'm not sure it's an optimal strategy. In the end, you need to do what's right for you and your fiance! 

Personally, I would want the money coming in but I am not you!

Is it possible for you to talk to your boss and request more out-of-office responsibility? You seem to be very good at your job. If you can show that you can create new value for your company, that might be a way to change things up. Be very careful of showing that your position can be reduced. 

Also, you should absolutely go to the police info night. No harm in checking it out. Lol that's the opposite of everything I'm doing right now. I take classes and mainly study from lecture notes because I know reading the textbook is futile for me (can't focus on it to save my life) Also, we get way too little time to study, so the lecture notes are the distilled version of everything that'll be on the exam.

 We also have mandatory attendance, and classes take up most of the day. I'm getting by mostly, but some of my teachers suck so I have to read the textbooks (which I find really, *really* difficult to do)

I'm not sure I have ADHD since I haven't been tested. I was also worried about getting through med school with my problems (whether they be from ADHD or not), so reading about how you got through it made me feel a lot better. If you jave any futher advice, I'd appreciate it. 

Sorry for the long response. I just don't have anyone to talk to about this Ideally, I'd like to figure out how I can make my current situation work, but I have to be open to making a major change if I can't make it work. I deserve better than good enough, and if that means I have to change careers and take a pay cut so be it, but yeah I'd rather be able to stay where I am. I'm treated well at my job and I don't want to give up the flexibility and pay that I have here. My psychologist thinks it's worth it to try medication and see what changes I can make to bring me more satisfaction in my day to day, but she has also been pretty honest about the fact that people with ADHD just don't do well in office environments in general, so no matter how much I'm able to adjust things and no matter how well medication works for me, I will be fighting against myself every single day. If I can get satisfaction out of my job it may be worth it, but if I continue feeling unengaged it probably isn't.  I studied almost exclusively from lecture notes. We got a copy of last years and current year notes. 

Lots of thick binders. 

Lecture attendance was NOT mandatory where I went. Thank goodness.

For reading dense material, sometimes I found repeated readings worked, not stressing if I didn't understand it all the first time through. My buddy and I would say the first read is just for vocabulary.  I wish we got lecture notes. I have to make my own. We don't even always get the slides :(

I'll try your tip about repeated readings. Usually I get frustrated if I don't understand what I'm reading and just rage-quit.  Maybe try confused-laugh rather than rage-quit 

Are you in school in the states?
 Nope, Pakistan.  