Scrolling through this Sub is like reading journal entries of mine that I haven't written yet.  We must see how strong this effect is!

Dear diary: today I won a billion dollars and distributed it all to my friends in r/ADHD People finding us is still my favorite part of this sub. 

Those first posts reflect that feeling of having been slogging up a mountain in a blinding blizzard and finding a cabin full of friends who did the same thing, drinking hot chocolate by a roaring fire and talking about how fucked up the blizzard is... and how they’re all going back out into it in the morning... forgetting at least half their survival gear... and laughing about it... 

No one ever forgets how to get back to the cabin once they find it, though. 

There are starting to be a lot of us here. It truly warms my heart.  I just found this place and it's exactly like that Or will never write, because I cant keep a journal, haha ADHD shower thought 100% Occasional I’ll come across a post of someone suffering differently, but I still can relate.  And a list of coping methods you had yet to invent. Oh shit, where'd I put it.... Ah frig, this is both really wholesome and really accurate. You made me tear up! *Fuck it, man.* It's cold outside, I don't remember how I got here, why I was out during a goddamn blizzard when I live in Florida, or where my equipment went. 


There's hot chocolate, a heater, internet, and most importantly, indoor plumbing. If someone needs me, they'll find me eventually.  Actually crying because of this. I just found this sub and it's actually so amazing to have somewhere without any judgment. Just understanding of how hard adhd can be. Wow, that brought a tear to my eye. There should be a picture of the cozy cabin in a blizzard for the subreddit header image. wait... did I even buy a ticket this week? Fuck! Where are my keys! Fuck! I threw it away with the receipt Aww, shucks. Welcome. 

Hot cocoa in the kitchen. Newbies sit closest to the fire. Get warm. 

It’s still gonna suck out there. The blizzard never ends... and the outhouse and larder are half a mile away. 

But you’ve got the cabin to come back to now. 

It helps. It’s helped me so much.  Ooooh they're in the fridge again. YOU DON'T KNOW ME! "Uhh why'd you put your keys in the ice dispenser?" 
-Baby Bro 