I hate when ppl talk shit about adhd (This is just me rambling. I had to let it out. U can skip)

My friends , who know that i am on adderall, recently talked about how they should start taking it for studying. Besides, I just hate those ppl who give u shitty advises on how u have to stop taking them. 

Really? 
Do u think i take them for nothing? 
Do u think i enjoy the "privilege" of getting hands on those "study pills"? 

Okay. U know so much about adhd, meds, AND my LIFE, that u have to judge me. 

In fact, Id trade ANYTHING to live a normal life like everyone else.

 Also, I never skip classes on purpose. U have no idea what im going thru when i dont show up in class. 
Do u think i enjoy the "free time" when I skip class? No. Im half-dead, depressed, self-loathing, hopeless, disappointed and suicidal whenever i do. In fact, I love those days when im able to go to lectures and learn. 
 Stop judging me. I put so much effort, u cant even imagine, just to function and live my life.  I love when people chime in about kids. “Just have them  run around outside and burn off the energy.” The adhd stigma is still alive and well thanks to the assholes who took advantage and it’s so frustrating. No one gets it. I hate this more than anything. My advice to anyone going to college, don't tell anyone you have an adderall script. Especially, never ever give a desperate friend an adderall no matter the sob story. You feed them once, and they never stop coming back. I had probably 10 texts a week from 'friends' who 'desperately' needed 'study buddies' or else they would fail their exam. I quickly learned to say No. Although, with friends it is never easy. Second, I hate when people think I'm a druggie or an addict because I take adderall as prescribed every day. People think of it as a recreational drug, because that's how they abuse it, and they seems to fail to understand that it is my prescribed medicine. I agree with every thing you mentioned x 100! 100% agree. I also dislike how people just assume that those with ADHD can't be as smart as someone without ADHD. Sometimes it might take a bit more effort on our part to stay focused, but it doesn't mean that we are stupid.  Someone mentioned something about, “feeling like showing up to work” in front of me today, and I’ve been dealing with anxiety and depression not realizing my dysthymia has been in high gear—the infinite feedback loop of depression 🔁 anxiety is doing quite the number on my already limited focus. 

It must be so nice to spout off at the mouth for people who say absurd things about ADHD. This is why normally I like having my earbuds in because if you’re going to casually judge me or something I did and not say it to me directly, I have to fight very hard to ignore the bait and not react. In fact, even when things are close to normal, I still have to exert a lot of effort. If you think I’m lackadaisical now, wait until you see me off my meds! 🙄 

I don’t know anyone who enjoys being damn near paralyzed by anxiety and the resulting fustercluck of intense rejection and shame when you realize you’re in a bad spot. Keep your head up because while some people may not understand your struggles, know some of us are living those same struggles every day. 💚
 I got diagnosed last year and so far none of my friends know. I’m avoiding this my sister got into hysterics over her exams and wanted to fake ADHD to try and get an adderall prescription when she knows very well i've been having problems with adhd my whole life and cant get meds 😔😔😔 wat a fucking bitch They don't realize that ADHD meds don't work like they do on "normal" people. It gives them really enhanced focus but it's only meant to bring people with ADHD on to a "normal" level. They aren't super study pills: they're "here let's make it  less terrible for you to study" pills.  Studies even show that stimulants don't have any more help than a placebo for neurotypical brains! It really upsets me that people will make their friends go without their meds for no actual benefit. https://youtu.be/yoX0vEDn5a4 > half-dead, depressed, self-loathing, hopeless, disappointed and suicidal  

Sounds so familiar. God. I actually hurt for you so much because I remember those feelings. If I can give you some advice, make sure you have friends in those classes who know your struggles (make a study group!) so that you can get notes when you have to miss a class.

&#x200B;

&#x200B; SAY IT AGAIN FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK.  I’ve been told “you only do well at school because you’ve got those brain pills to help you” I have never felt so angry/pathetic in all my 22 years of existence.  So I have sympathy for your situation but I want to thank you for another reason : I forgot to take my meds this morning, so thanks for the reminder I was diagnosed this year, at 31, so never had to put up with it. But I did put up with dumb/lazy/lucky a lot. 

All I can say is keep your nose to the grind and at a certain age they are nowhere and you are a success. 

Since diagnosed I’m pretty open about it and have come across this. But I can just be like ‘I know this is real, and I busted so hard to get here, what’s your excuse’ 

The thing about people who act like that, who try to bring you down, they are never going to be the people who succeed. They pick at others to make themselves feel better.  Eh. Well they have their own struggles and probably think it sucks that they don't get help while those with adhd do. I think that's why some people feel the way they do about adhd, autism etc. Oh, TIS THE SEASON!! 

One of my best friends takes adderall just because it's the weekend, and boasts about it in the group chat.."What are you guys doing?" in the group chat, "drinking," "Netflix," she'll reply "Adderall." She's definitely the person you don't want finding out you have ADHD meds.

 Best deal, if anyone else reads this, is do not tell ANYONE you have these meds. I know people that have gotten their meds stolen in college. It's so messed up. This isn't a joke!  I have ADHD and also treat kids with ADHD and other neuro developmental disabilities as an occupational therapist. There's truth to the fact that kids need to move to help their brains regulate arousal. However, the amount of movement needed to hit baseline for most of the kids I treat is way higher than what most kids need and the school system is already failing neurotypical kids for their need to move. It's far less fun because it's usually something that has to be programed into the day and still often isn't enough without meds.

I agree with you. I hate when people say this. Movement is good but it's underappreciated how much and how often it's needed and that its usually never enough on its own.  Yeah my favorite is how they assume I have some magical stockpile... bro I have 30 a month... that’s it. I can’t even refill my script until it’s practically gone because it’s a controlled substance. If I had one to give someone... it would be because I suffered without my prescribed medication for a whole day (or would have to).  Literally... Also, just because I take meds doesn’t mean I don’t work my ass off too! Before I was on meds I was literally always studying, in class, or working. I didn’t have a lot of fun in college. I got good grades, but I worked damn hard to get there. Now that I’m on meds, I realize that time I spent studying probably would have been cut in half. Not just because “I can’t focus” because I didn’t want to do my work, but because I literally couldn’t learn in class and had to drill it in my head at home/library. Reading is such a breeze now. I was off my meds today and holy shit reading sucks. It’s like I can’t read more than two sentences before my mind wanders off. No wonder I didn’t bother buying textbooks after my first semester haha Right? I told my mom that I was diagnosed and on adderal. "But you were so smart when you were a kid! I had your IQ tested and they said you were a genius, and you always did so good in school!"

Never mind that she pulled me out of school in kindergarten to homeschool me, made all of my classes into games to get me through them up until it was too much work. Then let me "supervise my own learning and grade my own work" since I was soooooo smart. You can probably guess how it went after that.

And never mind the fact that I struggled horribly as soon as I made it to college and had actual accountability, dropped out after a year to get into an apprenticeship, and only barely made it through that by developing coping mechanisms that caused me crippling anxiety and depression.

But yeah, definetly cant have adhd cuz I'm too smart. Honestly I’ve been on medication for about 5 years now and anyone I’ve ever told has asked me for some at least once, I even had one friend take some from me without my permission, leaving me 2 days short of my 30 day amount. You put yourself at risk by telling people as well as giving them the temptation. You risk ruining your friendships over it and in my case I’ve decided it’s not worth it. They don’t understand when you explain you need all the pills you’re allowed for the 30 days, and that by continuing to tell you why they need them after the first no is them basically saying that their problems are more important than your diagnosed disorder. Honestly, I love my friends, they’re trying to do well in school and I respect that, which is why I don’t put the huge temptation that could damage our friendship in front of them. Just tell them. Most understand. If they don't, so be it. You don't have to force their hand to agree with you or sympathize.  Username checks out.  Do people not realize that these medications are like doing speed? If you don't need them they can really fuck you up!  I have ADHD and that's perfectly normal thanks. The word you're looking for is neurotypical  This is what I tell my NT friends when they jokingly ask me for some. I'm like wouldn't you rather have a sugar pill and non of the side effects? Mate, that is rough as :( and you're NOT pathetic. God, what a shitty thing for someone to say to you! Yes i totally agree with the importance of stimulus, physical activity and burning off some energy-it totally helps. I just think it’s sad there is now a stigma around medicating kids. Her medication has helped so much with absorbing information at school. Some people don’t realize a child could have a full day of school and sports after school and still have trouble shutting off at night. I have to stick to a strict routine for her to fall asleep  (I’m adhd so let’s say i do my best lol).  I felt guilty for putting my child on meds at first but realize now that it will give her the best chance to succeed, to learn, to graduate college one day. I had no chance. Didn’t know I had it. My brother was adhd and I had inattentive type so I was quiet. When I found out my daughter had symptoms in kindergarten (they noticed things early on) and then diagnosed the following year, I researched more about it and was blown away- I wasn’t alone! I wasn’t bipolar or OCD like I thought. I finally related to other people and saw my own psychologist and psychiatrist. If I only knew sooner and could manage my symptoms I could have graduated college! Been less impulsive...oh so many things lol. (Typical adhd person making it about them lol)  I mean what do they want, spin class mathematics? UGGGHHH. When I was in the process of getting diagnosed (so less than two months ago) my friend, who HAS ADHD, was like "the only reason I think you might not have it is because you do well in school." I was like dude, really? It takes me twice as long as other people to get stuff done. 

   I was a spelling bee prodigy at a very young age. I don't know how I managed to do it, but I do know it caused trauma.
 I found out at age 35 that I am dyslexic. I cried a ton. I feel like my entire life is an example of people dismissing real problems because they didn't understand at all.
 I wish I had been able to have friends and play at other kids houses. All the studying and memorizing didn't get me anything tangible in life. It seems the only time my parents told me I was smart was when they said things like, "you're so smart, you should know better!"
 i'm a woman too but okay shes in the medical field for fucks sake. she should know but shes just an overdramatic cunt  That's why I put it in quotation marks, no need to be rude.  I got a few 'friends' I graduated high school with that hit me up very rarely asking for study pills. I just give them some pill I can fins in the cabinet that's harmless cause they don't know the difference. I'll get a text a few days later with a thank for helping them ace the test. If only they knew that they did it without any assistance whatsoever I need both meds and movement. The movement does have an effect on the brain because the feedback you get from movement activates the cerebellum which sends inhibitory signals to the brainstem to decrease arousal. It's great for decreasing hyperactivity. However, the executive function skills you need for task management are a loop between pathways closer to the front of the brain and those pathways are best targeted by the meds.

I got through childhood just fine without meds but I think that's only because I had external structure in school to help concentrate. I didn't start meds until halfway through grad school and that was a mistake. High school, college and early grad school would've been a lot less stressful if I'd started meds sooner. I put them off for the same stigma and fear of side effects but they've done nothing but make life easier.  It's simple. Schools need to stop cutting recess. All kids neurotypical or otherwise need at least 3 hours of unstructured play every day for optimal brain development. Time in class would allow more efficient learning if kids were getting this time during the day.  Exactly. Just means I fucking worked hard! Not my fault you sat on your hands Mr Neurotypical. 