Thank you. You guys are the most supportive subreddit out there. I have lurked throughout this sub for about a year now and though about posting many many times and ended up deleting it, but I am just happy knowing there are people in the same situation as me and it just fills me with joy. Thank you. and thank you!  I told my new therapist about the group! What a way to feel not so alone :\] This subreddit has taught my therapist more about ADHD than they ever learned in school or even in their practice. (Their own words) 

WE are the cutting edge in the current understandings of this disorder. 

Glad you are here with us.  Everyone here fucken gets it, huh? Thanks my dude.  I thought I was the only one posting a shit ton and ending up deleting  Right? I just found this sub yesterday and I've never felt more understood I agree Kakashi is awesome! I like him. Tho I think, I might be more Shikamaru, with the laziness. This sub has helped me a lot. The bigger thing is that with my new found understanding of myself I have been able to help others I know who have kids with adhd. Just helping them understand how their kids feel and how their kids think. I don’t know exactly but when they can hear it from an adult who understands some of what their kids go through they can reach them on a new level. Some parents just don’t understand, being able to explain some things in ways that I’ve learned has helped them be better advocates for their kids. I’m no expert, but I know how hard it was to grow up with parents who didn’t understand, so being able to help has been very rewarding. The first step is not being being embarrassed or afraid to talk about it. Some people will just be a-holes about it, but some people are relieved to know they aren’t going crazy. 

That went on a lot longer than I planned. 
Thanks for all of the information and support!  I’m .educating my therapist too lol It's a great place to vent to people who know exactly what's wrong My therapist suggested I get a paid group membership of adhd people in my country, but i feel like I don’t need it with this sub :) Care to link some of your favorite or most helpful posts? Agree with everything you said, I've been telling both my therapist and psychiatrist about this sub! 
I go lurking around here on my bad days and always get reminded that I'm not alone. This is my favorite sub on Reddit :) Thank you for your courage to post! Best of luck with everything  So true. Thanks for being part of this community!  You as well! We're all struggling, but at least we have each other! 

Sorry to sound cliche but it's true! You're welcome.

&#x200B;

And thank you as well. For the exact reasons you stated :) It's a pretty nice feeling! I think I'll do the same with mine.  I told my therapist the other day about this group and she hadn’t heard about it before! She was the psych I had post traumatic brain injury and she recognised the ADHD in me when no one else could!  Wow!  It’s a dream of mine that doctors and therapists are reading the subs their patients write in, as it’s a valuable treasure trove of info. Im a lurker usually, been posting more often recently, but any therapists reading this, for real, thanks for caring! naaah you aren't. haha i do too. i also forget to hit post, send or reply -\_- Haha been years since I've watched Naruto.  I like the current one about the innatentive primary on the front. That's what made me post  It’s like I always say “Hey, where are my keys?” Oh! I'm glad you have someone that is in tune with you to recognize it! 
It was cute when I told her. It came up when she was asking what I do all day, alone, behind a computer with non-urgent mundane work to do. Hmmmm.....Umm... reddit?  :D

Hope you are healing well : )    Well, i'm a doctor reading this. But i'm also one of the crazies - oh sorry, neuro atypicals - so i'm not sure it counts. 

There does seem to be a large number of physicians with adhd. Tile has been a godsend. Got one for my wallet, one on my keys and will probably put omen on my work badge  Pretty sure that's a typo but I'm gonna imagine you find your work badge with a demon baby. 