Advice on getting your family to understand that your medication is necessary (pls help, desperate) Hi there, hopefully someone here can give me some advice. (Sorry this is quite long, feel free to skim)

I've been struggling my whole life with lack of focus, underperforming and the extreme misery of not being able to do the things that I want to do when I know I could if I just had the ability to focus on a task.
I always suspected I could have ADHD and related so much to the experiences of my friends who have it but I never pursued it because unfortunately my parents did not believe in it and thought medicating was unnecessary.
I'm 21 in my 3rd year of university but I'm sadly still very dependent on my parents - living with them and on their medical aid. I finally got to the point where I could no longer cope and somehow convinced my mother to take me to the doctor where I was prescribed a 1 month trial of 20mg ritalin la. The difference has been amazing. I can finally get my work done, I'm studying hard and performing well and the anxiety and depression that I had been struggling with due to not being able to complete basic tasks is fading. I can read happily now - something I used to love so much (reading a book a week) but could no longer do because my brain was always so over the place that I could barely read a page without feeling like I needed to get up and go something else that I didn't have to concentrate on.

I thought I had finally found a fix, but after speaking to my mother it turns out that she's still not on board with it(she thought I just wanted some 'boost' for exam period only). She refuses to take me back when the prescription ends because she believes I'm just taking 'recreational-esque' drugs and that it's ridiculous to want to be medicated for my whole life and I should find 'other natural solutions' or just 'try harder to focus'.

Does anyone have any advice about how I can explain to her that this is something necessary? I've never been good with communicating the way I feel and I'm not sure how to get through to her. I just know I can't go back to the way things were and I'm afraid I'm never going to be able to achieve anything or even get my degree if I can't find a fix.

Tl;dr: been on a 1 month trial of ritalin, it's helped me so much but my parents aren't on board with me continuing medication because they don't believe in it/understand why it's necessary. Need help to explain to them/convince them to let me continue. Hi. I totally understand your situation because I have parents exactly like yours. I think parents like yours and mine are extremely stubborn and probably will not agree with you. You may want to show them the difference in your academic performance but their issue is your dependable on the drug so it probably won't work to convince them to let you refill your prescription.

I think your issue extends beyond their acceptance of you taking medications. You said you are 21 (an adult) and idk if it's possible for you to go out and refill your medication yourself. For me, I decided to go out get a job and try to find ways to be more independent and less dependant on my stubborn parents. I think that is probably the best advice I can give you. I know it's a difficult solution to the problem but there's nothing wrong with being less dependant on your parents as you age - it might actually prove to be very beneficial in your case as it was with me. What is medical aid?  Is it like insurance that pays for your doctors visits and prescriptions, or do your parents need to pay extra out of pocket for doctors visits and prescriptions?  (Sorry, I’m in Canada so 🤷‍♀️)

How it works here is...doctors visits are covered by the government, but prescriptions aren’t.  Children can be covered under their parents plans until they’re 26 if they’re in school, or they need to find an employer with health care benefits.  

So I used to go to the doctor independently, take my meds into a pharmacy...and my parents had no idea about any of it.  Privacy laws prevented my doctor and their insurance company from sharing my info with them.  Is it different for you? Because you’re an adult, you should have the right to privacy. 



With all that said...I’m 35 now, and my dad still doesn’t believe in ADHD, and still doesn’t believe I need meds to function.  Some people have their heads so far up their asses that they can’t see daylight.  That’s their problem.  You can’t change the minds of people that are closed minded...they want to live in an echo chamber, and choose not to let new info in...and that’s to bad for them.  

I’m just saying that so you understand it’s not your fault if you fail in explaining things to people.  It’s frustrating.  You could try to bring your mother with you to your next doctors appointment and have them explain why you need meds.  You could also try to explain that meds are like glasses...or insulin...or high blood pressure medication.  They only work when you’re using them....and it’s silly to not use them when you need them.  You don’t use insulin just at Halloween.  You don’t use high blood pressure meds just for doctors visits....and you don’t just wear your glasses for really important things (like only for driving on the highway when you should be using them every time you drive).  
 reading this caught me super off guard and i just wanted you to know this is a problem for me as well and a lot of other people. when i read the whole thing about reading i almost teared up because that is something that was such a big issue for me but it had never really manifested in my brain. My mom is convinced that if i keep taking these into college that i’m gonna have brain failure or something. she says that it’s not healthy to take adderall but she clearly doesn’t understand which is just discouraging. she also assumes that since i started taking it that i should have all A’s but that just adds fuel to the fire. i think the most important thing to do is have a serious conversation with them and maybe your doctor about it. i hope this was able to help  Maybe see if you can find a doctor or therapist that would be willing to sit down with your parents and convince them that ADHD is a serious condition. It sounds like your mom just doesn't fully understand what your dealing with. I also agree with some of the advice to fill the prescription on your own if you can.  Hey thanks so much for responding. I technically could try to secretly go and refill the prescription but at the end of the day it's their medical aid and they would probably find out eventually - and I'm not sure how bad the reaction would be. I guess yeah the best solution would to try and get some more independency and cover the costs myself (unfortunately not so easy being a full-time student). Thanks so much for the advice though, it's great to have random strangers on the internet to talk to lol :) For now, get your meds on your own if you’re able. Having a clear mind is important and if the Ritalin helps, keep taking it. You also need to let your parents know how bad it is to suddenly stop taking meds without weaning yourself off. The side effects can be horrendous. 

Deal with the repercussions after - especially if your parents see how much better you’re doing while on the meds. Sometimes people need to see the positive so they can look back and see how miserable you were. 

Are you able to go to a therapist/psychiatrist who can confirm your diagnosis? There are actual tests that can measure your ADHD and that may go a long way in convincing your parents that you need the meds. 

When you can, try to get your own insurance so you can do this on your own and you won’t have parents stopping you from living your best life. Good luck!! 