Just looking for some advice It's my 1st year in college and I already begin to regret it. I'm getting C's &D's, I've went to accommodation process but haven't notified my professors of my ADHD, because I feel like I'm cheating... I don't want to cheat I'm trying my hardest to not screw it up. It's 1 am and I had the realization that without my medication I'm a waste of oxygen and I can't get this out of my mind. I let down so many people, and now letting myself down. I want to be a nurse but I don't think it's gonna work out. I just need advice on how to cope. Well unfortunately I don’t have any advice, but know that you are certainly not alone. When I started reading your post I couldn’t believe how much it reminded me of the grad school related implosion I had last night... only i let it go all the way till 3am! Almost felt suicidal.... such a failure etc... went to sleep, took my adderall next morning... and *poof* complacent brain full of high hopes that I will complete said work. Sleep, eat. Fail. Repeat. Endlessly. At least now I know this can be related to ADHD and not necessarily the beginning of a psychotic break.
Edit: forgot to say- I also intended to get accommodations and it was recommend by the head of the department to all of us... and I was going to do it.... but then it was just so hard to schedule and I really didn’t think I would benefit from it and.... the list of justifications goes on. I feel you. I think you'll be an amazing nurse. I don't have a diagnosis myself but I once pushed a friend get one. She was almost dropping out of high school, and then again in uni for her dream job. We aren't friends anymore because of some stuff but later she messaged to me that getting help for adhd changed her life and I'm really happy for her. With the medication she's been able to sit at classes, getting better grades and she's not feeling the weird guilt anymore. She can cope and the teachers understand her better.

If there's help available you should definitely have it. Would you deny a handicapped person their equipment for walking? :) Best of luck. I’m a student too, sometimes the only positive I can find when I feel this way- which has been nearly this entire week after getting the worst grade on an exam in my class by a fucking lot, on basic material I’ve learned in lower level classes and should have done well on- is that at least I still care enough to keep waking up and go to class. Telling myself that it was just an exam blablabla doesn’t do anything for me.. but not totally giving up has to count for something, hopefully? I don’t know if any of this helps, just want you to know you’re not alone and to love yourself even in failure.  God this is bringing my hopes up. Is it ok if I screenshot this to remind me when things get tough? Btw it's 3:00 rn lol. I'ma take that nap now, need to do a test today. Thank you so much for the heartwarming words! :) Never thought of it that way. That really touched my heart. You're gonna make me cry again. But the good kind :) You're right I still care, I didn'ton't respond to this immediately cause I had class. I've thinking of this a lot lately. It made me relax on my chem test. :) Screenshot away. And good luck. We’re gonna need it hahaha lol ... oh god :/ Yes you'll do great. :) adhd doesn't have to stop you at all. You deserve any help and support you can get.

I had another friend too who was full of energy after getting her diagnosis, she told me she felt like that "there's something wrong with me why am I like this" got lifted off her. She was so excited all she wanted to talk about was adhd and how it works, it was so sweet! Lol yup I hope someday I'll be just like this!  There was some book she was reading on mindfulness for adhd people. My cousin had a lot of help from a book as well. I'll try to look them up for you. :) The mindfulness one has been on my to read list too.  Omg yes I would love that. Thank you! Here: Lidia Zylowska: The Mindfulness Prescription for Adult ADHD

I'll let you know if/ when I get the other one :) Oh sweet thanks!!! And ok. Thank you so much! 