I have a difficult time following a conversation if I am making eye contact at the same time I know, for myself, whenever I am having a conversation, it is extremely difficult to pay attention to the actual conversation while I'm making eye contact. I'm not sure if this is due to my social anxiety, or my inattentive type ADHD. How many of you struggle with this issue? How do you deal with it? Same here. But I think it is because o am super sensitive to face expressions. I start to read the face and eyes, all emotions and completely forget to follow what person is talking about. It is like to have to many tv channels turned on. You follow one that is more bright and face and eyes are the way too 'bright'. If I really need to pay attention start to doodle so my mind is free from outside faces and eyes and pictures and can concentrate on words that are coming. I constantly avoid eye contact when in conversations. It makes my job difficult at times (litigator) and people often think I’m not listening or paying attention when, in fact, it’s what I have to do to focus on the conversation. Holy shit this is so relatable (inattentive add here) it’s impossible to look at someone’s eyes when I’m talking, too. Impossible  The amount of subtleties in my life that are related to having ADHD is honestly astonishing. I realized I was in the same boat, and I've been practicing this for about 4 years. I'm way better. I still have to force it, but I can still listen just fine.

I promise you're able too, 90% of the problem is

1. You don't naturally do it, but you've found out it's kinda something necessary in today's social interaction


2. Whenever you try to do it, you're so worried about keeping it up or wondering if you're acting naturally, that you're zoning out of what you or the person is saying.

At some point you stop worrying and you're able to look someone in the eye to listen or say something.

Don't worry too much about it.  I can look at a person who’s talking, but not if I’m trying to think of what to say and especially when I’m talking myself. Recently I’ve found toggling a “soft focus” (blurring vision slightly) negates the overwhelm of eye contact while still looking at the relative spot of the speaker’s eyeballs. I can’t tell yet whether people notice the difference, but I doubt it looks much different from their POV and I haven’t noticed any adverse reactions thus far... I usually look at a person’s mouth when we talk. Sometimes I feel weird about this and look at their eyes, but I also know that from even a short distance, people can’t tell you are not looking at their eyes Me 🙋🏾‍♀️🙋🏾‍♀️ every time im in an important meeting I don’t look straight at my client and focus on their words. To “cover it” I have a notebook and kind of write down some key words. But I dont look at people in the eyes when they talk to me or i literally get lost in them or in my thoughts.  (Diagnosed girl here)  The dilemma with this is that, when i look away, i worry that I might come across as weak. If i do continue looking at their eyes, i worry that i may come off as aggressive.  I've managed to deal with this by looking between the speakers eyes.  Eye contact for more than about 2 seconds makes me uncomfortable.  If I look at the fleshy part between the individuals eyes, they can' tell I'm not making eye contact, and I feel much less uncomfortable.  I struggle big time with listening to others speak and often times only catch part of what they said.  This is especially significant if I am not interested in what they are saying.  I feel like a real jerk but honestly I am trying my best.   Yeah, I tend to tunnel vision the person's face and all I'm thinking about is looking at the person's face and I tune out while staring at them. It's so weird. It's like the room gets smaller and the person gets bigger. Don't know how to explain it well. I’ve been trying to train my self to do both. Been two years and I’m barely able to do it better, taking notes is super helpful (in a work environment, shows your listening but also allows you to break away) and I carry my notebook with me everywhere.  I've always had this issue. I can't count the amount of times I've been chastised and called rude. I simply can't process what someone is saying to me if I'm looking in their eyes. I can't explain it. It is what it is. Most of the time it's not possible to explain why either so to most people I'm rude. https://digest.bps.org.uk/2016/11/18/why-its-hard-to-talk-and-make-eye-contact-at-the-same-time/ I do this too...it's because of social anxiety and because it's so distracting. If i ever look you straight in the eyes while you're talking to me, i'm sorry but i probably wasn't even listening. I even trained myself to say "mhm" and headnod to make it seem like i am.  Wow. this is enlightening. My daughter with ADHD seems unable to make eye contact when I ask her to when I'm talking to her.  Same with me as well. To compromise with myself I will briefly make flashes of eye contact to remind them that, yes, I am listening or engaging. Even if I don't look like I'm paying attention. Same boat. Thankfully my job forces me to do too many things at once to focus on anyone’s face. “Sorry, I’m looking over you to see what needs to be done.” Is pretty much my motto  Look at their forehead, its easier. Stare at their lips moving. It helps. This is interesting.  I have ADD inattentive type and I realized how bad this problem was after college when starting in the working world.  Once I started taking amphetamines, the problem went away and I never thought about it again. Yeah, I find it overwhelming to do both.  I can just look between their eyes if I want to pretend to be normal but I feel like I'll never be able to do much actual eye contact.  On meds I seem to be able to handle more eye contact, though I doubt it's much of a difference. I know this one, got fired for it. People want to feel like what they have to say is the most important thing in the world and If you're not making eye contact they feel offended.  If the situation allows it, bring a note pad with you and take notes. Not only will people be impressed by your “active listening” skill but also you can also use you the note pad to draw away your line of sight and collect your thoughts. Hope this helps. I am reading lips while they talk.  My brain doesn't always catch every word they say, but if I am also reading lips then usually I can string it all together and get what they are saying.  I hate watching eyes because I end up creating ideas in my head about what they are REALLY saying or REALLY thinking because I cannot always read emotions well.  Reading lips also keeps me focused on their conversation more so I can listen better. It definitely distracts.  For casual conversations it's not so much a problem for me, but sometimes at intense work meetings, when I need to either really absorb something new or contribute significant thought, I actually cover my eyes while other people are talking (or when I'm thinking).

(It's yet another reason I hate that we've adopted video phones at my workplace.) Same. I can look at you or listen to you. Pick one.  YES. Thought I was the only one! Haha wow I always attributed this to my autism. I pathologically avoid eye contact when I can. I keep my eyes on people's mouths during conversations. For one, I can read their lips and fill in the gaps of what my brain doesn't process verbally, and two because eye contact is almost painfully uncomfortable. Like, just intimate in a way that I don't want to be with even my romantic partners until a good while into a relationship. 

Definitely interesting to hear that this is something linked with ADHD as well.  I have this problem, too! Today, I made sure to mention that I was focusing while avoiding eye contact to avoid them thinking I wasn't paying attention. For me it's exactly like the TV analogy. If I am focusing on eye contact and the person's facial expressions, I am unable to pay attention to what is being said.  I feel this. It happens especially with my friends. I have to distract myself (I.e. look elsewhere, fiddle, play with my hair) to pay attention. If I do make eye contact it lasts a few seconds before I have to pull away This is the same reason I have so much trouble paying attention, and actually following conversations (especially 1 on 1) on a useful, comprehensive level.

It's like I feel that I need to fulfill other's requirement of eye contact, and have to try so hard to do so, that I get lost in doing that, and then the major requirement of actually processing what they are saying gets dropped completely.

This is a great thread.  Thank you u/imonlyherecuzbacon.  I have never really talked about this, but holy hell is it a problem.  I'm trying to find work right now, and it makes job interviews feel that much more stressful. Yeah, exactly. Maintaining eye contact, thinking of what to say, or what you want to say, then think of an answer and think about what the other person said. Welp.  I did this for years before I even realized it. No one has said anything yet. Pretty sure it's the reason Magic Eye puzzles are such a breeze for me - I can switch it on or off instantly. As soon as I realize I'm getting too much sensory information during a conversation, I switch my eyes to "soft focus" and tune in with my ears.  Or you can look at the space between their eyes .. or the bridge of their nose.  

I feel like I can do that faking fine when I want to, but I usually am not motivated enough. Good idea. I will try this.  Yeah i 95% of the time look at peoples lips. Never sure if they can notice it... Is eye contact bad?  I notice when people are looking at my mouth and I think there’s something in my teeth.

As far as I recall,  ADHD is a problem with regulating focus.  Maintaining eye contact is a challenge for us, but making shouldn’t be one.  Is it a confidence issue?  I deal with low self esteem and everyone avoids people’s gaze when they don’t have confidence, but feeling comfortable and confident is a skill that helps everyone.  Try taking a few deep breaths when people are monologuing.  For me, it’s as good as putting on the tv.  With a little extra mental “noise,” I don’t under or overthink about what people are communicating and find myself better anchored.

Talking in bars/crowds helps, too.  The activity brings me up and, other than missing what someone says because something awesome happened (or I overhear a really good story), I find the outside stimulation to quiet down the constant party in my brain. You won’t come across as aggressive unless your face says so, trust me.  Think “confident,” “friendly,” or “compassionate” and your eyes will do the talking! A little bit of head-tilt indicates you're interested and paying attention, not aggressive.  Try practicing expressions and postures in the mirror until you feel like you look right.   Has she always had trouble maintaining eye contact, even as a baby? This is also considered a primary characteristic of autism.  I usually look at the floor.

&#x200B;

Someone had an excellent coping strategy that I've been practicing: focus on your own breathing. Has been hard - but practice makes perfect. It’s really awkward, eh?

And people I work with (against) can think it’s disrespectful or flippant of me or that I’m being deceptive.

I sometimes just explain, I have ADHD and I promise I’m listening to everything - I just need to distract myself a little to focus. Sadly, I can’t play that card in the courtroom. I'm actually hearing impaired and have adhd. Reading people's lips is something i've been doing my whole life. People never notice and you're able to follow the conversation much better I do this when I'm in a crowded setting which often makes me feel like the other person could think I'm hitting on her. Makes me super self conscious. But I've kind of learned to snap out of that mindset if it occurs and just take the moment to casually hijack the conversation or whatever. I don't think so; it's mostly when I need to talk to her about "serious" things and want her to focus on what I'm saying. She has no other symptoms of autism. She's incredibly socially aware and has off the charts language skills.  Eye contact is big deal in psychology (as well as body language). I had a psychiatrist even tell me that this behavior could lead to people thinking I was a sociopath 

Edit: spelling  I think this is honestly just common with kids. Kids can become embarrassed or ashamed when broached with serious topics, which makes it hard to maintain eye contact in general. It might not even be due to her ADHD in this case.  