Is it normal to hyperfocus on two specific activities that I really enjoy, but be bad at focusing on everything else? When it comes to drawing and driving, I’m considerably more alert and responsive than when doing mostly everything else. Art is understandable I guess, but driving seems like a weird thing to direct all my focus on and actually enjoy, especially with ADHD.

It could be that I like the limitlessness of art and the structure of road rules. But it seems like I should be able to apply that to other tasks.

How does hyperfocus even work? I’ve never really researched how the brain gets hooked on doing specific things. Yep, this is actually a hallmark of ADHD. Your brain craves that sweet, sweet dopamine in which you are deficient, so when you do something you like, boom! you got enough Focus Juice™️ in your brain to stay with it. Once the thing for which you are being rewarded is removed, however, you’re no longer getting that boost and your focus fades. (This is based on what we know about ADHD brains from research but is subject to change/being wrong if we get better data with different results.) Yup, normal for ADHD.

I hyperfocus on a lot of things, unpredictabl, and I always really enjoy it. 

Driving is one where I would ordinarily be overwhelmed, but in order to survive I have to concentrate hard - hyper focus. I can't hear anyone talking, if I have to listen and respond I get annoyed, and I enjoy the focus. I think I am more aware of whats going on than most people when in that state, but I am probably not! It's like meditation for me when cycling on my road bike because I get excersise high whilst having to hyper focus at the risk of crashing - i.e. my mind is 'clear' of distraction in so far as it can be without medication. yup. sounds like my experience

i also love to draw/paint and write. creative things make sense and don't require too much structure. other things do not make as much sense by far and are taxing for me. i constantly tune out when i'm doing them

Other people dont understand how i can have unlimited patience for some things and none for others. they think i can pick and choose. i cant. This is super normal. 

 I think the main thing about ADHD is instead of you focussing your attention on something, things draw your attention, particularly things you enjoy.

For me, reading (books I like) and gaming are things I can do for long periods (I've read 24 hours straight before plenty of times), as well as driving and watching/playing sports. Like if I hear a sports statistic its probably stuck in my head forever, while other things I'll forget repeatedly (like names lol) Completely normal for us ADHDers yes Yes  God I love "Focus Juice™". You got anymore of that "focus juice™"? Nope, barely got any in my own brain as it is 