Understanding the differences between Dependant Personality and Rejection Sensitivity **TL;DR: dependant personality disorder and rejection sensitivity disorder seem like the same thing to me, but maybe that's because I experience both so I can't tell where one stops and the other starts?**

  
I recently read the diagnostic criteria for Dependant Personality Disorder (DPD), and damn, I think I meet the criteria. I always thought that all of these things I experience are largely just part of my ADHD, particularly part of the Rejection Sensitivity Disorder that comes with ADHD. I know many mental illnesses have overlap and/or occur together, and I suspect that unmanaged RSD could make someone prone to developing DPD (would you agree?), but where approximately is the line between between RSD and DPD? Of the 8 points listed below (diagnostic criteria for DPD), all 8 heavily resonate with me. Which ones would *not* resonate with someone just only RSD? i.e. what part of my experiences are not just a normal part of ADHD/RSD?

1. Has difficulty making everyday decisions without an excessive amount of advice and reassurance from others.
2. Needs others to assume responsibility for most major areas of their life.
3. Has difficulty expressing disagreement with others because of fear of loss of support or approval.
4. Has difficulty initiating projects or doing things on their own (because of a lack of self confidence in judgment or abilities rather than a lack of motivation or energy).
5. Goes to excessive lengths to obtain nurturance and support from others, to the point of volunteering to do things that are unpleasant.
6. Feels uncomfortable or helpless when alone because of exaggerated fears of being unable to care for themselves.
7. Urgently seeks another relationship as a source of care and support when a close relationship ends.
8. Is unrealistically preoccupied with fears of being left to take care of themselves. This doesn't personally resonate with me, which is nice in its own right as it keeps my issues with RSD clear.

But also

>Feels uncomfortable or helpless when alone because of exaggerated fears of being unable to care for themselves.

>Is unrealistically preoccupied with fears of being left to take care of themselves.

I mean welcome to ADHD amirite?

Preciate the info OP Have you been evaluated for trauma? Sometimes familiar issues/violence/abandonment can cause the clinical expression of trauma or post traumatic stress but it can also spread out in other areas. If there's an underlying issue, processing could do it or at least help a decent amount. I wish you the best! OMFG.  Me.  Me.  Me again.  And again.  

Dafuq.  Now what? I know I have RSD, but some of those symptoms definitely don't describe what I feel. So I would say that 1, 2, 4, and 6 would be Dependent Personality. And 8.

I'm not a doctor, so that answer really just applies to myself, I guess. I definitely have RSD, had never heard of DPD before, but it doesn't really resonate. Looking at that list I would say personally:

1. Not at all
2. No.
3. Depends. I definitely used to. I'm good in situations with people like my parents and good friends (people I know well and get along with) but with people I don't know well, who are in a position of authority over me, or who I have had major conflict with before I have trouble.
4. No. Lack of motivation to start things from the ADHD that's it.
5. Yes. Not always and not as much anymore, but I'm really bad at saying no to people. But I would put mine less as wanting nurturing/support and more as not wanting people to be upset/annoyed with me or think badly of me.
6. Not really? I sometimes do bad with loneliness, but not because I feel like I need support, but because it gives me anxiety about not having friends or that no one is thinking of me.
7. No idea but probably not. I have yet to be in any sort of long relationship. It has not yet been a big thing to me. I want to eventually, but I do think feel rushed or in need.
8. No. Fears of being left behind, ignored, forgotten sure, but not of having to take care of myself.

Now some of that might we way different if I didn't have the support system and relationships I have. I definitely have trouble with a lot of the things in those points, but for completly different reasons. I know I got some issues, but haven't gone in and defines it more with my therapist yet. 
This hit close. All checked lol. Definitely saving this one.  Thanks! I think you are very right. As I was reading about DPD, I started to put the pieces together and realized which past experience probably caused it. I don't experience any of the classic PTSD symptoms, so I never really realized how I could still be carrying that experience in different ways.  I've seen various professional over the years, and talked about the experience over and over again, and never really got anywhere... There is always talk of "processing experiences" and "working through trauma" but like, I still just don't get what that actually means? In all of my countless therapy sessions I just talk about what happened, and how it made me feel.... but like, it has never felt like I really got anything out of that. I think some therapists I saw may have just not been taking the approach that I needed, while others might have been better but my covered sessions maxed out before we even worked out what I what it was I needed to work on. The therapist I'm seeing now seems good, but we are half way through our 8 sessions (focusing more on coping with chronic illness) and I feel like we've barely scratched the surface and don't count on us finding time to also address my trauma in any depth.  I'm too poor for private services and the government funded system is too overburdened with "serious" mental illness that they have no time or resources for moderate basket cases like myself. Thanks for reading and feel free to creep my profile to see my post on r/BPDlovedones if you are curious about what I am went through.  