After reading a few stories I decided to share mine, and also ask for some advice Hi guys,

Long time lurker here.

After reading lots of stories i felt the urge to share mine

If you don't want to read the whole story my main point is going to be at the end and also a tl;dr.

"He is so smart, if only he could be more dedicated..."

Since i was a kid thats what my mom always said. My grades were aways good so they had no reason to complain, never fell below 80% until I got to high school when it started going downhill, still even with average grades I´d still do very well on the simulated university acceptance tests my school always gave, with the bonus points from it I aways managed to scrape by and got into my states best university in a computer science course (in Brazil the best universities are the federal ones, that also happen to be free so it is very hard to get acceptance). Having 4 different instruments around my room that I never got quite good cuz I would start playing and after 2-3 months lose interest (which happens every year...), I was very lucky for having the opportunity of dropping out from college and having a gap year after being very frustrated since in college i could not scrap by as I did in high school (very uncommon in my country since most people can't afford it). After coming back I decided to start another undergrad course since its almost a requirement if you want to have a decent paying job here, now in physical therapy, this time it was a bit easier to keep up but still if i did not find that subject amazingly interesting the grades would sink, after my third semester I found myself in the same hole as before but managed to get through... but not without consequences, last year as I started my 4th year I started to suffer from heavy anxiety and insomnia and my low production quickly came down to a 0 production which only made the anxiety worse, and as I felt the hopelessness and depression approach I decided to visit a psychiatrist. After spending less than 10 minutes talking with me he wrote up some prescriptions and I came home with anxiety medicines, which helped(kinda), all physical aspects of my anxiety went away (heart palpitations, insomnia, panic attacks) but still the worthlessness and lack of productivity stayed at the same level, After 3 months I decided to get a second opinion this other psychiatrist talked with me for over an hour and afterwards started describing behaviors and asking if I recognized any of them from my childhood or the last 6 months (YES, YES, YES!!!!).

&#x200B;

MAIN POINT

27 y/o i was diagnosed with ADHD and prescribed ritalin(10mg), since my doctor said my symptoms are not very debilitating in my everyday I should only take when I feel the need (classes, study sessions, trying to do hobbies, etc) and only 2 times a day. In the first week it was the most amazing feeling I ever felt, I never knew my brain could work like that, and i started organizing my life but after a couple of months I feel the effects plateauing and old procrastination habits returning, and also the hiperactivity I get from the medicine annoys the hell out of me. Since I recently returned to my doctor(before i started feeling kind of bad again) I wanted to hear your experiences with ADHD medicine before going back again, is this normal? could it be a simple dosage adjustment problem? What other ADHD medicines do you guys have experience with? do they also increase hiperactivity?

&#x200B;

TL;DR 27y/o ADHD diagnosis after almost droping out from my second graduation, trying to get adapted to the ADHD medication life.  I was diagnosed at 28. I took adderall for a minute and hated it...there was a definite crash I didn't care for and I felt like my moods were extreme. 

I take Vyvanse 60 mg now and it has been life-changing for me. I started at 40 mg, then went to 50, then 60, then 70 until finally finding that 60 was the sweet spot. I can definitely notice a difference when I take it, and there isn't a crash and I don't feel that, for me, it's habit forming. 

I think in your situation (obviously I'm not a doctor so take this with a grain of salt) it could be dosage or it could just be that that particular medication isn't right for you. I have found that a lot of doctors will prescribe their "old faithfuls" (Adderral, Ritalin, etc) and may not be as versed on more recent meds or those that aren't as popular. My doctor hadn't even brought up Vyvanse to me, but my brother was a pharma sales rep for Vyvanse and also took it, and he suggested I discuss it with my doc. So I would say be really open with your doctor, tell him/her your concerns and do your own research. 

Good luck!  I also found that Adderral felt like a rollercoaster ride. I switched to Strattera, a nonstimulant medication and hated it even more, as it made me very angry and irritable all the time. I finally settled on Vyvanse. Like the above user said, it has worked wonders for me. I’m on 40mg right now and it keeps me focused and on task without any major side effects. I found that 30mg wore off too quickly while 50mg gave me a bit of insomnia. The only downside to Vyvanse is that there is no generic version so it’s expensive. I try to compensate for this by not taking it on the weekends. I don’t feel any withdrawal symptoms on days I don’t take Vyvanse...just back to my old scatterbrained self.  > The only downside to Vyvanse is that there is no generic version so it’s expensive.

True. Like, prohibitively expensive without insurance. Most doctors have coupons that can save you a little money though.  Thanks for all the feedback,  I had a good response with Ritalin , no crashing, the only side effect was the increased hiperactivity while on it, and that’s why I fear how a higher dosage would act, maybe bring up some irritability or agressivity. Well we can only know testing xP I need to visit my doctor ASAP... if I remember to call the clinic lol Call the clinic!! Lol. Also keep in mind that there are two versions of Ritalin. The immediate release and the extended release version. Maybe you can talk to your doc to see if he will let you try both types to compare the side effects and see which one is a better fit for you. 