HEY! If you're at work right now and reading this, what are you supposed to be working on right now? Or maybe it's just downtime, but let me know. Don't keep scrolling past in guilt, CONFESS! Ok, so I'll start. I have a years worth of tax exempt forms I should be filing but I'm here on Reddit instead.  I'm multitasking. But I haven't started what I'm supposed to start on. I'll leave it until the last minute BECAUSE ADRENALIN I had a uni essay due 3 weeks ago :( Need to re\-work some excel sheets for another shift.  And monitor cameras.  And look professional while people are coming in.

Instead I'm here, then going to hop over to youtube, then fill out my bullet journal for the day, then get caught up on paperwork, clean the desk, and get ready to go home. Oh, and do that excel sheet thing, too. Not quite work, but there's a simulation game I enjoy playing, with a small subreddit that holds contests to do with the game, and the deadline for one of those contests is today. 

The project is mostly finished but I'm feeling a bit burned out on it, so it's become less fun and more of a chore, and when things become chores they are ripe for procrastination.

(Plus, last night I learned that there's only one other confirmed entrant to the contest which has taken the wind out of my sails a little bit.)

Also, my parents said they were up for going cycling today. It's a sunny day and I like cycling... but I've not exercised in ages, and I had a bad night's sleep last night, so I'm not super feeling in the mood right now... I’m not I’m in bed right now reading this at 5am when I should be asleep Woke up at 6:30 did my whole skincare routine without showering (very big, I usually only manage to do the whole thing if immediately after showering but I’m doing yard work all day and don’t want to take 2)

I’m supposed to be outside turning on the sprinkler to half fix the giant patch of dirt that’s slowly being filled in. And then I have to go help out at a garage sale. Then I have to go buy wood for my raised garden bed. Then I have to stain all that wood. But my eyelids feel very heavy and it feels like a good time to lie back down I should be making lunch and then going to the gym... which I'm totally still going to do! After...one..more...post... I'm supposed to the dishes right bow.
Damn Reddit. DAMN IT Need to clean the house, get food prepped for the first half of this week, and get a supermarket order in for the second half. So far, I've managed to make lunch, and that's about it. I'm not at work, I'm laying in bed watching catfish while scrolling Reddit. 

My workplace does it right, there is no signal in the building so even if you could sneak your phone out, there'd be no internet or texting. So, if I were to see this while at work, I would be on my first break, not eating cause I'm scrolling Supposed to be writing a paper. I have read the material for it over 50 times, having the HARDEST TIME slipping into hyperfocus. Goddamnit I do not want to be writing it the night before, so over being sleep deprived. Plus there is an exam the next day I would love to prep for this weekend. I have been diligent about putting the information I need to pull off crunch time in my head, it's retrieving it when I need it that's the problem! Gah!!!

On the plus side my apartment is spotless, I am almost up to date with all my correspondence, I made my favorite aubergine recipe and my playlists are killing it right now. Hopefully fingers crossed this forum is the last stop before churning out the paper I need to finish my screenwriting in two days otherwise I won’t be paid lol. So naturally, I’m watching reruns of parks and rec.  Downtime. But not really high quality rest, not reading a good book, but sorta killing time. I'm plannig to work on my rest habits. Still multitasking here. No guilt. I should be cleaning up my shop and yard, then finishing (ok, starting) a walnut countertop. Thank you OP, for shaming me into actually starting my day! Interacting with my other half yet I feel really anti social like I wanna lock myself in a room alone  Interacting with my other half yet I feel really anti social like I wanna lock myself in a room alone  Not at work but I just moved into a house and I'm supposed to be unpacking/cleaning. Instead I'm doing this. I have two tests to take, an online chem assignment, and a PowerPoint to make... A 2000 word essay due Monday 9am I haven't started. Why not? Because I had 2000 words due yesterday I also hadn't started and pulled a 38\-hour slog and pumped it all out. Still handed it in 4 hours after the due date because referencing is a bitch....definitely not because I procrastinated for the 3 weeks prior or like I'm doing right now with this next one. Suppose to be study for a retest on a test I got a 20% on lol. 

Instead I’m watching fortnite vids.  I'm on break lol. Boss keeps me too busy to think about anything else but work while I'm on the companies time. My brother is using my PC so I'm good. I have my driving test in two days and instead of studying I am procrastinating and developing an addiction to this subreddit. I should be sleeping right now xD Finishing a final exam of essay questions that was due 21 hours ago. I've been working it for the last 8 hours off/on. It is torture. I'm out of meds. Pharmacy wouldn't refill, insurance needs pre-approval for dose increase. Which is great to find out on a Friday afternoon when the doc has left his office for the day. Anyway.... I'm determined to finish it if I have to sit here another 8 hours. I'm probably only managing now because the adrenaline finally kicked in. Turning on blacklist now to say off this sub and YouTube. Good luck with whatever you are working on!! You can do it!! It might suck but it won't kill us. At least that is what I keep telling myself. Instead of "just do it" I think "do it anyway"  Relatable.  This is me before my off days. Been there my friend :( failed two uni subjects because I fell super behind in the course material then hardcore procrastinated the assessments and never ended up handing them in :\ I then got special consideration after that which allows me to get a 10 day extension on assessments. You should definitely get something like that in place. I know that's another thing we're likely to procrastinate the hell out of but I was so so desperate after having failed 2 subjects so quickly filled the forms in and got an appointment.

But yeah god I know how fucking awful and stressed out you must feel right now. The worst I've gotten to was when I procrastinated a major year 12 assessment and ended up handing it in like 10 weeks after the due date (no joke) It was this 4000 word essay I had to do overnight. Then of course, I didn't learn my lesson and the same thing happened in uni and I fucking failed lol

But hopefully your coordinators/profs etc are understanding and you can shoot them an email to let them know what's going on or get special consideration or quickly hand it in and hope for the best but yeah I am really well acquainted with that feeling of dread :\ Good luck dude. I know the cycle so please don't be like me and take action now as anxiety-provoking as that may be Do you do security/loss prevention? Your job sounds kinda like mine. 🤔 Yep! Security. I work the night shift.  Makes my life so much easier. :D Yeah, it makes my life easier as well. When I was working days at my hote,l dealing with guests made me want to pull my hair out. 

In the last few months though I thinks people noticed I had a bit too much free time. They keep making me do boring paperwork stuff 😔. I guess it's better then staring at a wall for 3 hours straight and the job is still cake. ayyyyyy I do night shift in residential disability houses. 2am\-6am are some of the most productive hours of my life 