Diagnosed with Bipolar II but after reading through this Sub I think I may have ADHD. I'll try and keep it short...Diagnosed with Bipolar II years ago by a psychiatrist I see regularly. I've recently started seeing a psychologist who I think has an idea that I may have ADHD. The psychologist hasn't said it but what she has asked me and my answers have led me to this Sub. Nearly every post on here resonates with me. I've run the gamut of emotions since.

My psychiatrist is very experienced so I'm wondering why he either hasn't noticed my symptoms or hasn't addressed them. Is this common? He was a child psychiatrist who gave that up due to frustration and only works with adults now if that offers any of you some insight. 

If I'm right and I do get a diagnosis of ADHD from my psychologist I believe I'll get some resistance from my psychiatrist. Any advice on how I should advocate for myself? 

 I was diagnosed with bipolar depression years ago. Come to find out it’s ADHD/ADD all along. I pretty much had to force to dr to test me.  I have bipolar \*and\* ADHD. It's not an uncommon experience. 

A lot of the symptoms are similar, so my psychiatrist and I primarily focused on stabilizing my moods. However, after a year or so on a consistent dose of mood stabilizers (and no psychotic mania or suicidal depression), I was still unable to focus, had memory issues and struggled with executive functioning. So, my psychiatrist mentioned the possibility of ADHD. He did some testing and I was diagnosed. I'm on medication now and it seems to be helping. We did start at a very low dose and gradually increased because of the possibility of stimulants triggering a manic episode. 

**TL DR = It might be worth considering you have both. If you do have both, tread carefully with any medication because they may trigger mania.** Neuropsychologist specializing in ADHD diagnostics/treatment here. And I personally have ADHD too. 

Bipolar 2 and ADHD share a lot of underlying brain dysfunction from both a neurotransmitter and neuroanatomy standpoint. That’s why they present similarly in observation, patient complaints, and diagnostic testing. 

To be honest, I suspect that there is a subtype of ADHD that primarily causes mood regulation difficulties as a component of the executive dysfunction associated with ADHD (although cannot directly back this up with research - but i can indirectly). 

That’s not to say bipolar doesn’t exist as distinct diagnostic entity, but when one considers that ADHD (and pretty much all mental illnesses) are likely best described by a spectrum rather than “on/off” diagnostic categories, it’s easy to see why so many mental illness affecting the fronto-limbic network (limbic=emotional processing part of the brain) cause adhd-like symptoms. 

Nowadays, I assume all my bipolar patients have adhd-like symptoms (which definitely show up on my tests) and that all adhd patients have at least some degree of bipolar-like mood instability or just emotional/stress regulation problems. 

I think and hope that mental health science will get away from all these pseudo-discrete labels and move more into spectrum classifications. Discrete labels just make things more confusing for both patients and clinicians. 

 I went through an online questionnaire setup at my drs office that took about 30 min. It asks all kind of questions about childhood and present
I was asked a series of questions by my dr. 
Both screenings came back positive for ADHD/ ADD
I was then prescribed Strattera to see if that would help. After 6 weeks I noticed I slight difference in things but not enough. Then stimulants were introduced to the equation. Which I am still experimenting with. Different doses Doctors are not immune to being wrong or biased. That's why with any kind of medical issue people often seek multiple opinions from different doctors.

If you see 2 doctors and they both say different things it would be hard to determine what's right. If you saw 30 doctors and a mojority of them lean towards one side you would have a pretty good idea of which one is most likely.  Is it possible they're not an expert in ADHD?

I spoke at length with one who, by her own admission, was largely ignorant of what went into ADHD analysis beyond basic understanding- and I was seeing her for more assistance with depression (suspecting ADHD, but agreed with her that a more comprehensive & thorough tackling of depression may have solid benefit, especially if it turned out I wasn't ADHD-y).

In that respect, speaking with them and addressing the specific effects that sit a bit outside BPD may help, to show a bit of a basis for you suspecting there are still some elements not accounted for?

Best of luck in any case! Yes, my psychiatrist was diagnosed with bipolarity, but never presented symptoms of it. And it just scared her, then she was diagnosed with schizophrenia but she didn't have any family members with it. Then she was diagnosed with adhd and it seems they hit the nail.

But the thing that she taught me was. 

Don't marry with the idea that you have adhd, don't tag yourself. Because you'll feel worse. We as people present many different reactions in our life, that can be diagnosed as bipolarity, adhd, some obsessive disorder, etc. Everyone has a little of everything, so just live life the best way you can, without worrying if you're normal, or if you're successful or force yourself to be happy all the time.

Just be yourself and do whatever it makes you happy, know that you can make mistakes, forget things, be lazy, because everyone is, because we're humans, so have patience towards yourself, love yourself and move forward  A lot of mental health professionals don't take adhd seriously because of the things they heard about it before even starting medical school. Many schools don't even cover the symptoms in their general coursework either. The result is that far too many psychiatrists have no training whatsoever wrt adhd.


How to advocate for yourself? You can ask your psychiatrist for an evaluation and you can get a second opinion from a specialist.  What does the test involve?  I have bipolar and ADHD also! It’s not all that bad I suppose once you get on the right meds. I feel ya on the mania thing though. It gets pretty hard to realize you’re having an episode when it’s happening.  Thanks for this.

It has been 12 years of mood stabilizers and zero improvement on memory or focus. 

I'm fairly certain that I too have both and am worried about introducing stimulants. May I ask which medication you are taking?  I have both as well Excellent response!  This is exactly how I've been thinking for many years.  And, spectrum classifications opens up new doors for diagnosis and treatment--both surely will be better targeted. Surprisingly I understood all of that, good job on your part :)

Yes I have been told that I am considered mild on the Bipolar spectrum but truthfully I'm unsure of what that means as my psychiatrist doesn't into further detail which is odd because he doesn't mind explaining the science behind the disease in great detail. But I understand what you mean by pseudo-discrete labels. 

I have only had one hypomanic episode that I'm aware of and I believe that it was triggered by medication. When I saw my psychiatrist after this episode I told him what happened and what I felt like, his words were "Interesting, I've never seen you during a hypomanic episode". This was more than confusing for me. 

The issue I have with my psychiatrist is that he does not go into any detail when I mention my severe lack of focus and memory. It is just plain ignored.

Sorry, that turned into a mini rant.

Basically, I have mentioned to him several times that my symptoms that give me the most trouble are sleep issues, memory loss and lack of focus. Even before starting treatment with him. So when I came across this sub and read all of the post I could handle describing what I deal with on a daily basis I have naturally started to think that something else is going on.

So I suppose what you're suggesting and what I agree with is that there is a whole mix of stuff going on, not just Bipolar II or what that label entails. I do know that it will work out in some way, I just hope it's sooner rather than later. It's been a long ride already.

Thank you for your comment. I'm sure I'll come back to re-read it again.  Thanks.

I've done some of those short unreliable tests online and tested high.

I'm worried about possibly having both and introducing stimulants would not be good as I've had bad experiences with hypomanic episodes in the past, or at least what I thought were hypomanic episodes.  I will definitely be speaking to them about this in more detail. I'm just trying to get a handle on what I can expect in regards to meds, testing and really the reluctance of my psychiatrist.

It's a pretty complicated story to get into on here regarding my psychiatrist but your comment has made me think so thank you for that.  Thank you! I'm sure my psychiatrist falls into the 'doesn't take it seriously' category but that's just an assumption at this point.

I will definitely be taking your advice to be referred to a specialist regardless of the outcome.  A questionnaire of your personal history that you and a family member fill out and some kind of skill test that requires use of the executive functions that adhd impairs.

Some examples of what the skill test could be - an iq test (looking for much lower than expected scores in working memory compared to other factors), a hearing test but you have to ignore certain sounds like the second time in a row you hear a sound in your left ear, press a button when a ball appears on a screen but only if it is green or within a certain area, or memorize a set of words and remember it after a 30 minute conversation with distractions thrown in. Or a doctor with lots of experience with adhd specifically might be able to tell from a conversation.  I'm on lamotrigine and latuda for stabilizing my moods. 

I started vyvanse for ADHD about a month ago, and it has been going well. We started at the lowest dose possible (20 milligrams) for the first two weeks. On the first day, I was feeling euphoric and only slept four hours that night. I was quite nervous that I was going to have a manic episode but I ended up sleeping ten hours the next night and the euphoria was less intense. I was feeling pretty good and was able to maintain my focus during a conversation. However, I was still struggling to focus on doing my school work. 

After two weeks on 20 milligrams, I started 30 milligrams. I did have some anger for the first few days but that subsided. It's been almost two weeks on this dose and things are going great. I don't think we're going to increase it to a higher dose. 

My doctor told me that as long as I take my other medications, the chances of a manic episode were pretty slim. He also told me that a lot of people with bipolar do well on vyvanse compared to other medications.  Not at all, glad it's vaguely useful.

For my part, the testing for ADHD, one of the more interesting things was a "boring computer game" test, where you also get a Andy-Serkis-as-Gollum tracking ball.

I don't think it's especially common, but if you can persuade your psych to have a look for it, it struck me as very compelling.

E.g. it measures your actual inattentivesness (And hyperactivity and impulsivity to an extent) by looking at various scores and comparing to population standards (e.g. me vs males my age).

In that, it was very stark for me.

I suspected I had poor attention, but seeing that, across a twenty-minute exhaustively tedious game, my attention span wavered horribly, my ability to get answers right (two same coloured shapes in a row? Easy! Nope...), was a good whack worse (e.g. my peers missed maybe 3-4 over 20 min, I missed 4-10 every five minutes, and got much worse over time).

It's not massively rigorous, but it felt a lot more plausible and difficult to "accidentally Or even deliberatelu influence" than a simple questioning. (I don't recall the name, but give them the gollum description and they might be able to find it. Scandinavian company provided the computer-y bits/analysis, I'm told.)

Though, that said, a contrasting questionnaire with detail questions about my struggles with ADHD-y topics was also given, but it felt a bit more traditionally talk-y for diagnoses. (And so also a bit vague.)

My GP accepted the results without hesitation though, and the psychiatrist was confident, but careful not to be too definitive/authoritative about "if this then no question: that".

Best of luck in any case! Thanks! Sounds much simpler than I imagined.  Thank you. That eases my mind.  Lucky. Vyvanse sent me into mixed state, it was horrible. Concerta and Adderall have worked great for me, though.  Sounds like a test that I would fail miserably :)

Don't feel the need to provide a long answer but what is life like now after your diagnosis? 

 Good luck!!!  If you check my comments (have only really posted about this sort of stuff), you'll have the longest answers you could ever be cursed with! ;)

But in brief: it's a weight off my mind. 

I sometimes liken it to realising I needed glasses. Still a bit of hassle, but explains why some things had seemed "totally achievable" in principle, but laughably difficult for really odd reasons. Or that seemed odd.

Makes a lot more sense of past difficulties.

I sometimes worry if I'm in "if the only tool o have is a hammer, every problem looks like a nail" territory, so I might attribute everything to my ADHD (and sametime double diagnosis: ASD!), but I seem to be doing alright at that.

On medication, tried to set aside the belief/fear that I had only depression, and set about tackling the "real" problems.

Not a miracle sure, but it makes me a bit more confident that things can be sorted in a sensible way. ;) Interesting. Thanks for taking so much time. I'll be reading through your comments.  