ADHDers and Reading What's your experience? I know a lot of ADHDers struggle with reading, but for me it's always been a reprieve.    


I'm an avid reader, but it makes sense to me because it's entertainment I can consume at MY pace.  My brain madly  
 bounces along those words trying to turn them into a fire hose of data, discover, wonder, excitement!  It's great to fill in those terrible 10 minute waits life is full of.  
That said, reading is a neurological pipeline.  There's a TON of places along it you may have speed bumps, turning it into a struggle.  


Personal info:  
40M, recently diagnosed  
Reading speed: 400wpm  
Books / year: about 20  
Pref Genre: Scifi/Fantasy  
Current Recommendations:   
\* [https://www.amazon.com/Traders-Tales-Golden-Solar-Clipper/dp/B011M9JX1O](https://www.amazon.com/Traders-Tales-Golden-Solar-Clipper/dp/B011M9JX1O)  
\* [https://www.amazon.com/dp/B002KYHZLQ](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B002KYHZLQ)  I can’t rarely read anything not interesting. If I have to read something like that (because of my school) I will process it in my head for very long time, trying to understand WHY I need this information and how this information could help me in future. If I find someting important from it, I can read it. 

When I was a kid I tought everyone had a special gift and something I didn’t have. The special gift was ability to read books. Then I grew up, and the problem was kids books=nothing important :D just stupid stories that I couldn’t learn anything about. I just want to know and learn things that are exploitable. 

Woman 20y, ADD I like to read, and I can power through a book pretty quickly, but my reading comprehension is not as good as my NT husband's. I seem to do a lot more skimming to find the good/pertinent parts, and so I miss little details in between. I really struggle to read. I love reading, I love entering a new world and making new friends. However, I find I either can’t sit still long enough, or it’s because I skip over words and sentences and I can’t remember anything I read. It starts not making sense after a while. 

Have you always been a reader? I’d love to be able to do it again.  For me it has a lot to do with how it's written. 

I tend to do better with easier reads and short articles. 

Books like the Hunger games and Divergent are perfect for me. The best part is that they are part of a series so I have a lot to look forward to. 

Also I strongly recommend you read any Carl Hiaasen. He's hilarious and he has like 20 books out that are all amazing. 

I struggled hard in school since most of the text was really bland and I had zero interest in it As a kid I was a really gifted reader, one of the best in the class. As I got older though, I never improved when everyone else did so now I’m one of the worst readers. I do enjoy it but I can never manage to finish a book. Which annoys me because there is so many books I’d like to read I have always loved reading and have since I was a kid, but I am very black and white when it comes to being able to get into a book. It either draws me in right away and I can't put it down, or I can't read it to save my life. 

I've taken to "reading" bios/autobio's via audiobook because I cannot get myself to read them visually, even though I'm interested in the content. I just find them really hard to pay attention to and always end up reading the same paragraph/page over and over again before giving up. 

But give me a good fantasy novel and I will devour it like my life depended on it... Problem being, of course, that when I am in the middle of a good book and I am forced to put it down to, you know, go to work and be an adult in general, I can't stop daydreaming about it and role playing in my head about being in it lol I do the same thing. Even when I am totally engrossed in a story I miss details. There are books/series' I've read dozens of times that I would fail miserably at a trivia game for. I just don't absorb details.  