Sight reading music w/ ADHD, sharing my struggle. I’m not singing, just playing piano. I kept playing the sung notes instead to the piano treble clef. 

I tried highlighting just my lines of music, put red Xs on the line I wasn’t supposed to play, and finally [found something that worked.](https://imgur.com/a/6yU9vTm) Have you tried transcribing the piano part to a clean staff ledger? I find that in doing that it also helps me remember the parts better. That pattern and color of tape would distract me as well. It never dawned on me that being crap at sight reading is an ADHD thing, but it makes perfect sense. Damn!

I'm prone to skipping entire systems of music when playing, or when singing, hitting the wrong staff after a page turn. Repeatedly. In the same spot every time.  i got a good trick for sightreading, used to practice 20-30 sightreading everyday when i was younger. there is this massive database with classical music, i think its maybe called imslp? i dont recall sorry. but just basically have your metronome playing super super slow and choose a random score and try it. it will take a lot of time, but with the tempo fairly slow it will help. have the metronome start at 60 or something. if the sheet music has too fast rhythms just play them in half tempo. and choose scores that are simple to read. i would be super confused with the one you sent too.

a side note, anybody else like mininalism? like steve reich philip glass etc. i realized i like it cause its easy to listen to. you can fade in and out, and the melodies are not diatonically complex at all. all about layers 😊 I haven’t, but that’s a good idea. The fact that the tape is so different helps me skip the line. 
Memorization happens almost automatically for me. I’m actively trying not to so I can improve my terrible sight reading. All the different ways ADHD manifests for people is so fascinating.

 Me too. Or worse if something is really repetitive, I just zone out while I’m playing and play the same thing forever. 

I’m coming back to music after a long time, I found highlighting the notes where there are important changes helps a lot. I practice in the evenings a lot after the adderall is long gone.  I totally appreciate minimalism. I like all or nothing-really dense orchestration or very sparse.  I love Steve Reich and Philip Glass for this very reason!!! Ahhh! So uplifting, almost meditative. Takes me to a different world. Like a magic carpet for my imagination. 

I should practice sight reading. I am horrible at counting, too. I just wanna “feel” the music! I've played the piano since I was 2. I loathe vocal lines xD but I've barely encountered them since I mostly played classical. Do you sing and play at the same time? I started singing relatively recently, can now sing pitch perfect but I can't play and sing at the same time. It's really annoying :/

(I generally memorize notes immediately by ear btw)  I only sing in the car. Alone. :) My father in law has ADHD and perfect pitch. He wasn’t diagnosed until a couple years ago. He plays guitar and sings. My ear is good enough I could tune my violin without a reference tone or tuner when I still played. I don’t think I have perfect pitch though.  