How do you tackle it when you have to do a ton of reading? Studying at the moment. Reading through lecture slides, doing practise questions etc is all good cos I get a quick dopamine hit of "ticking something off" in quick succession.

But I just need to buckle down and start reading through long, long chapters. How do you guys structure that kind of thing to make it more palatable \- any tips? I learned late in my college career that rewriting what I was reading sentence by sentence (literally sentence by sentence for things like theory, but for other subjects it was more like point by point) worked wonders for me. Chunking is useful. 
Pacing also helps me work out ideas. Chewing gum helped calm some of the peripheral stress of the upcoming test date and the nerves when taking the test.
Write out any stray thoughts to prevent ruminating on them.  Secluded corner in the library, One soothing and familiar cd on loop, take notes, water only. My personal favorite CDs were movie soundtracks such as Pride and Prejudice, or Charlie Brown Christmas. Worked for me. It gets much better when you are done with school and can read what you want to.  Medication helps, and take your times, make a list of stuff to read - reread and notes. Ffs, make notes. they gods wonder alot of times and take your time. 

so not the day or week before you have to go to the exam. I learned it the hard way...... I love checking things off, too! I use grid paper to help with that. I cut out a piece that has the same number of squares as the pages I need to read (I usually glue it in my planner), and each time I finish a page I fill in the square. It’s a really great visual representation of what I need to do yet and it shows me how far I’ve come.

When I need a break (I know I need a break as soon as I get out of rhythm), I’ll either exercise or talk to someone about what I’m reading (sometimes I just talk to myself). I have to time myself or else I take 3 hour “breaks” though. Oops. Drugs Audiobook I like to read things out loud and try to explain them to someone else. They don't even have to be listening. ;P I'm working through 700 pages of an extremely dry book called the PMBOK. It isn't intended to be read from cover to cover, but that's what I'm doing. I take about 10 pages a day as my goal - now you might have to be more aggressive to finish on time but I definitely find doing chunks help the most. I agree, take notes, even draw pictures of what you’re learning if the topic is appropriate. Definitely rewriting helped me. And taking timed breaks in between each mini topic. You can do it! Thank you, I am already studying \- a week before the exam! Still probably "last minute" by most people's standards but as I've been in panic crisis mode only starting study \<24 hours before every other university exam I've ever taken...this is still an achievement for me! The feeling of studying at a comfortable pace and knowing I'll have not just one but many nights full sleep before the actual exam is fantastic. Thank you Ritalin \<3 well.... not surprised. i would say stay calm and get though it :) 