Trouble reading. Fantasize about LITERALLY anything else. I am trying to make myself become a more frequent reader. I will start picturing the crew exploring on their mission, then after about 4 sentences of picturing what the author is saying my eyes will scroll over the text and instead I'm picturing a different story alltogether, excerpts from video games, snippets from the news. It is like I am daydreaming and a book just happens to be open.  This is strange. I even WANT to read this book for pleasure, but I tune out the words and do my own thing in my head.   It drives me crazy. It’s like my brain will focus on anything else in the world other than the one thing I want it to focus on at the moment. So frustrating.  Me too, i can still be looking through the words, but they dont process in my brain and i end up thinking about what the qua-ran smells like  I get the exact same thing. I have to re-read things a lot. Same happens with videos sometimes, I'll sometimes need to repeat a scene two or three times if I have too many distractions around I'd suggest shutting off (or at least silencing) your phone and do your reading on a single tab on the internet (if you read electronically) or use an actual text you hold in your hands.

If you're reading fiction, try story mapping.  First, start building a cast of characters (you can draw a family tree or use stick figures w/short descriptions).  Then read a bit, either till something major occurs, a certain number of pages, a chapter, whatever.  Make note of anything significant that occurs.  Then go back to reading.

When my students have complained they don't retain what they read, they know I'm going to ask them if they did this.  Try it with short stories, maybe, and see if it works.  Even one of my graduate English professors required us to do a cast of characters, since some of them were a bit complicated (with complicated names) and 18th-century English literature isn't exactly riveting to many people.

For what it's worth, I found myself reading sentences both forwards and *backwards* when I read articles/books online.  I don't do this with actual physical texts.  I keep saying that, between grad school and the internet, I'd just about lost the ability to read for pleasure.  Once I realized what I was doing, I started reading actual physical books again for enjoyment. This happen me a lot!!!! if the book is exciting, it stimulates something and makes me fantasize, it is a fight to follow the track of the reading.

> I am trying to make myself become a more frequent reader.

Me too, I started because i wanted to improve my English and learn new words. I really need to finish reading Peak by Anders Ericsson. But I’m on here again. Not doing dishes or drawing. Me TOO! It’s meditation instead of reading in my case, but other than that, I’m right there with you. Told myself I was finally going to start meditating, want to do absolutely anything but meditate. How long have you been battling yourself on this? 

3 days, for me. 
Day 1: got halfway through meditation, then stopped. 
Day 2: started meditation, fell asleep. 
Day 3: chose a meditation that was only 10 minutes long...success! I had to start small with articles before I could get to books. Takes some perseverance. I've pretty much given up on actually reading books. There are rare occasions a book will grab me just right and I will hyperfocus on that and finish it in a day or two (The Martian as one such book), but mostly, I use audio books when I am doing mundane tasks like cleaning, going on a walk, eating lunch. If I do want to actually read it, I will read along with the audio book. It kind of limits things, but it's what works for me for now.  Read my recent post ! I'm struggling with something similar . I think it's in part due to our technology world . I don't know how to combat it  >between grad school and the internet, I'd just about lost the ability to read for pleasure 

Oh man, that happened to me. I used to love reading. I've been out of grad school for 7 years now and I still really struggle to pick up a book. 