I am going to starve I'm in my 30s and I'm realizing I'm not an adult. I cannot function like the others do. The desire for my life to end transcends any sense of depression. This is me asking myself, "what am I supposed to do now?" and being out of answers. I'd rather have an answer.

I just can't think of a career that will cater to me. I used to be a software developer. I got fired from my last job. At my best I think I'm an excellent software developer. But doing it for a living just isn't working out. Even with meds it was a fight just to fundamentally give a fuck. After getting sufficiently bored at multiple jobs I realize now it's not the jobs, it's just me.

I built my life up around the salary I was getting and now I don't have it anymore. Eventually they will come for my house and my car. I think that will be rock bottom for me and I'm not sure I would want to live through that.

I'm coming to the realization that this is a crippling disability for me and there's no way out of it. No one is coming to save me. Nothing can help me. Unless there's some fairytale job where my messed up brain is the perfect fit, I just don't see how this story doesn't end with me starving.

As an employee I am a massive liability; even I know this. It's just unethical for me to go into an interview and not preface the thing with "I have crippling ADHD and you'll have to babysit me if you want me to produce value for you". Because it's all the way true. I spent so much time in denial because it just doesn't make sense just how utterly incapable I am of regulating my attention well enough to function on my own. I'm angry, I'm sad, and now I'm fucking broke. I have ADD - and am currently a software developer. It is definitely a struggle at times.School was also a struggle - I could always understand the material - but couldn't actually remember or motivate myself to just do the homework.

&#x200B;

I've been through alot, and I'm finally starting to feel (after over 30 years ) that I am starting to get traction on my self organization (and my grasp of myself and my health and my emotions), and that my actions are aligning with what I actually want out of life. Finally - I'm seeing something I've never seen before in terms of hope for my future and getting towards my own goals.

&#x200B;

I think you can absolutely find it too, but you'll need to transform yourself. If you stick through this part of your life, the person you will become will be so different than who you are now, that its almost impossible for you to try to inhabit that person and see what that will be like from where you stand now.

&#x200B;

That kind of transformation is only possible by going through the hardships that you are about to go through. You just have to stick with it, and never stop trying to find what really makes \*you\* happy and what \*your\* real goals are in life, and then you have to start down the long road of learning about your own physical/emotional/mental quirks and needs so you can start to take care of yourself and move yourself in the direction you need for fulfillment.

&#x200B;

You might need to transform your standard of living. You might need to change careers. You might need to do both, several times. That is a \*good\* thing and you will be better for it. Just stick through it. I worked very hard at self management to get to a point in a career that people trust me to do good work. I had to do things like go up and down 4 flights of stairs to get my energy out and focus a lot at first. It was HARD. I had no idea how I would do it- getting up on time, looking nice, keeping my shit together all day... but I did it for 8 years, then got into a unique situation where I can do whatever I want. They trust me to the point I work from home whatever hours work for me, so long as I hit deadlines (mostly set by me) and call into scheduled meetings. This fits me pretty good. There are weeks I work 80hrs cause I’m on my game, weeks I barely turn on my computer. 

Point is, we can find our niche. There is a place for you. Sounds like you could use a few good meditation sessions to clear your head from the negative thoughts. I also just lost a job. I feel like my adhd is really dictating what profession I can have only I don’t know what that is yet. Ive been working in marketing for over ten years but it’s not my passion. I have too many other passions. It sucks having to think this much about how to make a living but it is what it is. 

Definitely start building a nest egg for hard times and start budgeting. Get someone else like a financial advisor to help you figure the planning out. It’s worth it.

For work I just don’t think I can have a traditional job so I guess it’s time to become an entrepreneur. Software skills are easily translatable into freelance gigs. You just need to learn how to get the jobs. Look at online gig boards. You’ll be just fine. 

Have faith friend, failure is just another way for us to grow.  If you have a car and like driving, maybe try one of the Uber/Lyft/Grubhub/DoorDash/etc if any of that's in your area? I end up being forced to do only one task at a time, and can't just go down rabbitholes. If nothing else, it's a good interim place to figure things out from while making some money. I can really relate to this. I’m in my 40s, totally struggle to do adult stuff, and feel like a failure at my job a lot of the time. 

Depression is a liar, though. You’re not worthless, you have an incredibly markable skill, and are obviously smart. The truth is that you haven’t found the right place to be a programmer, but it’s out there. It sucks to not have it right now, it sucks to muster up faith that things can work out better, and we’re really bad at patience.

This is going to pass. Are you in counseling and taking meds for depression? 

We’re here.  Why not go into project/product management for software?  I realize how frustrating it is not to be able to keep up with the workload, but we tend to thrive at the latter jobs that involve "vision" and high-level strategic thinking (backed up with exactly the sort of experience you have), rather than positions in which we assume a demanding cognitive load every day (like software engineering). I'm well into college but I feel the same way as this. Over the last month it's dawned on me that I have this disability, this inability to control my attention. I'm glad I recognized it, but it feels like I'm in a forest with no clear way of getting out. This sounds literally like me during my internships. Until one day, I found the perfect job. It wasn't really special, but the people who I was working for were really great and understanding. Trust me, it isn't (only) you. Most people in businesses have no heart anymore. That is part of the problem. You are not the only factor! We CAN "function" in this society, there are ways. If you want to talk about this, feel free to send me a message. I'm going through something similar.

Software Development is one of the cushiest careers out there. Crack open leetcode, polish your resume and start job hunting.

What's your alternative? You gotta finesse. sounds like you need meaning in life and to get out of that nihilist mindset.  As Traumam said find your niche. I've noticed my husband and son and brother have areas they are interested in and can focus on for long periods of time. My husband has trouble with the discipline it takes to do what he should be doing with his interests as does my brother. But my brother has been able to work with a group of people that motivate him. My son has a wife and 5 kids so working is quite a necessity in his life. His first job he hung onto for 7 years. He had got a great job for him. I believe he would still be there if he hadn't been wrongfully terminated, yes that was determined by the labor board. After that he tried several different types of jobs but didn't have them for long. I told his wife that once he found the right kind of job he would stick with it. He finally found it. He went into a job with no experience and is now approximately 3 years later asst. Manager training for manager. Search for something you have always been good at or interested in and learn the discipline to push yourself into sticking with it. If you need help go to therapy to help you learn discipline. Honestly try working a smaller retail job. Eyes always on you This is why I started sex work :)  Any advice for a 27 year old who is 6 weeks into his first semester on Vyvanse (which I don't think is perfectly balanced yet)  and still not being able to retain the information because I can't get myself to care about it. I don't *want* to read these 6 reading assignments and watch your 2 lectures, I'm not the one who made this class mandatory! > You might need to transform your standard of living. You might need to change careers. You might need to do both, several times. That is a *good* thing and you will be better for it. Just stick through it.

I really don't get how this is necessarily a good thing at all. My standard of living is tied to what little sanity I have. There's financial implications to all of these things, both long-term and short-term. e.g. screwing up one's credit isn't "good", that's not an improvement to my life. If I end up alive and well in housing projects I'll be better off? This is crazy.

Being uprooted and thrown around is utterly calamitous and scarring, my last move was deeply stressful and wasn't even two years ago, you make it sound like emerging from a chrysalis. I agree and am going to post about this very thing. (I lost the password to my throwaway.)

>This is going to pass.

That's what people told 15 year-old me as he proceeded to be depressed for the next 15 years. If I could relate the next 15 years to him I don't think he would have found the zest for life that can only come from complete ignorance of how shitty the future is or isn't going to be. If I'm still around at 45 I wonder if I won't be in the exact same position I'm in now. Why should I expect my situation to change, if I can't change.

That's what's really missing from the advice. Everyone seems to be on the same page that I can't change me. I can decide how to act in spite of me, which so far seems to be to just keep living and suffering, but it's not like I can un-ADHD myself and it's not like I an un-neurotypical the world. Why should I have expectations at all?

>Are you in counseling and taking meds for depression?

I feel the most trapped, frustrated, depressed, and hopeless, *walking out of* a therapy session. When I go see the experts and they have nothing to offer me, it's like the last wall between me and despair is shattered. A decade ago I was in the hospital for suicidal thoughts, I honestly thought the place was the worst thing a person could possibly do for their mental health. The irony is that, for better or for worse, having been there ensured I will never seek such services again. These people can't do anything to help me.

Reading the replies to my post is honestly having the same effect. I get that people are trying to be helpful, and I appreciate it, but to be honest the advice is so useless to me that it makes me feel that I'm right to want to give up; it makes me feel like I'm right to think that there are no answers. There's nothing here that I haven't thought of myself, right down to the post that suggests taking up sex work.

Before I made this post I thought there was something I hadn't considered. Now I'm convinced I've considered everything and I'm just as fucked as I think I am. I wasn't diagnosed as an undergrad and barely scrapped by in any class that required reading, I basically didn't do it and couldn't pay attention in big lectures so I got through with what I little I could retain. I'm now diagnosed and getting my masters, one thing I have really found that helps for reading is reading a section, they are usually a few pages and I can plan for that better.  Knowing I have 4 sections that will take 20 minutes is more manageable than having to sit down and read 50 pages.  For other assignments I try and break them down as small as possible, including the first step which makes it feel less overwhelming.  Watching lectures is my hardest part, I can't just listen/watch an hour of you talking at me, so I've started watching it while I cook dinner or do dishes or whatever, and I usually listen to it several times but I find I retain that more than trying to just sit and watch it.

&#x200B;

Sorry this got long but hopefully it's helpful, good luck. your "standard of living being tied to what little sanity \[you\] have" is precisely why changing your standard of living is a good thing - being so dependent (read: believing you are so dependant) on your external circumstances always being agreeable/comfortable is \*always\* going to be really limiting and stressful for you - and lead to a life of having the world always pushing you around rather than the other way around.

&#x200B;

It is human/normal for the fear of losing something to override the hope of gaining something of equal value. You are feeling the fear of losing something big (your house) - but you are letting the fear of that thought "colonize your mind" to the point that you are paralyzed from seeing any of the possible options available to you, and the different possible outcomes that you can influence.

&#x200B;

A great piece of advice i once got was: "life is not a game of chess - its a game of poker. You have incomplete information. There are no perfect plays, only probabilities".  Kinda related to this - alot of pros in poker will say that the thing that separates the mathy amateurs from the pros, is the amateurs try to deal in certainties (e.g. "i will always bet this hand because it has good odds") , and pros accept and influence uncertainties (e.g. "if i fold here on a strong hand I can up the chances that my opponent thinks I'm too scared to bluff")

&#x200B;

Your house isn't the only thing keeping you sane, and that one job is not the only thing keeping you in that house. You need to make yourself see the options on the table - and start playing those odds. I saw another responder talk about meditation. I think some meditation and mindfulness training would do wonders for you here. Try reading "10% happier" by Dan Harris. It might just put you back behind the steering wheel of your own emotions, and eventually your own life. Good Luck! My readings change each week and that makes it hard to figure out how long each will take. The lecture thing is a good idea. I'll try to listen to them on the way to work and see if that works. I'm 6 weeks in and just found out that I got a 50/100 on one of the big 4 assignments because the instructions, which made sense to the rest of the class and my fiancee, didn't make sense to me. I've gone the whole semester thinking we were taking an already existing website and coming up with an improved UI. Turns out we are supposed to be *making* our own site, name and all, just mock up stuff but I feel completely defeated now. On top of that my SSD running Windows just died for no reason so now I need to get that replaced.  At least I have the Manjaro one. Sigh... That really sucks, I'm sorry.

I don't have many other suggestions besides talking to your professors, they may not help with this assignment but I have noticed that I feel more comfortable asking questions I think are smaller when I've set up a good relationship with them early in the semester. 

Other than that, all I can say is I hope it gets better further into the semester. She gave me the option to make it up minus points for it being "late" and all I needed to do was follow the requirements. The issue is I already thought I did and so I had to ask her about it. 