Having ADHD is keeping me from reading. Is there anything to help with this? I love(d) reading. I would read every night when I was younger, and blast through books no problem. However, or at least for the past 1-2 years, I have been struggling with reading. I have been trying my best to power through my ADHD so I can enjoy a good novel, but I have reached my breaking point. 

Just this night I decided to continue reading Stephen King’s “The Shining”, and I was in an extremely short chapter. Chapter 13, only one and a half pages. Yet, it took me 15 minutes just to get through this chapter. It was unbearable. Constantly having to go back to the previous sentence because of how I already forgot it, or needing to restart the paragraph because my mind drifted off and I wasn’t able to soak any of the words in, I just felt like i was going insane. I can’t stand this anymore. I already take medication, but it doesn’t seem to help a whole lot. Anyone have any ideas? 

TL;DR I am having a lot of trouble focusing on what I am reading, have any suggestions? only bother reading what actually captivates you, not what you think should, or what you wish did. and be ok with the fact that, even if you really truly do enjoy reading it, there will be good times and bad times to attempt reading. learn when it is easier for you to sit down and read, and when it is harder. don't beat yourself up when it's difficult, just put it aside and try again the next day when you really are in the mood. I used to be able to read as a kid too, but in adulthood now unmedicated for ADHD I haven't been able to read a book in 4ish years. Something about starting then it's a big project and it's hard to read so I get agitated and it's not enjoyable so I stop when I do try. That being said I do try to always read non-fictional educational books because I am obsessed with not wasting my time irony being that because of stuff like this I waste a lot of time not doing anything productive or at least feel I do. I'm waiting to get on medication for ADHD and I'm hoping it will help a lot, since I've struggled with ADHD my whole life and never been diagnosed until recently. I know I can't answer not knowing enough or having enough experience with the different types of meds, but what meds are you taking and how much? Is it a large enough dose of the right one for you I wonder. Try the Kindle app on your phone. If that works, get an actual Kindle. Helped me a lot. Still struggle, but it's definitely easier  I read on my phone, with the scroll function. For me it’s easier just taking it in small parts, reading when I can, so it doesn’t feel like this big project when you open a book and feel all the pages you haven’t read yet. When there’s no pages it helps me just read instead of focusing on the length. :) Google Play Books is pretty good about reading out loud.  Its cadence is pretty good and not robot like Amazon's.  It only works on the app though, not on the desktop version.  I find it easier to follow along with the words if it's reading out loud rather than re-reading the same sentence or paragraph over and over.

Some Kindle books will let you buy the accompanying audio for them but I haven't noticed very many.

For the most part I can read fine for hours unless I have something stuck in my head. Keep in mind that this is a prob for nearly all ADHD peeps.   I do slot of audiobooks.  But you should try another medication if you are saying it’s not helping. There are MANY kinds, and different dosages. 

I assume you are not talking about reading in bed. Your meds would be long since worn off by bedtime. And your tired body will be it’s most scatterbrained.

 I take concerta. I'm taking the largest dose around here, 54 mg. While Kindles seem nice, my eyes hate blue light (such as phone screens) at night. Is there a "super-dim" setting on them? Ok, I'll try that! Oh.. that might be why. I do try to read at night, as that's when I have the most time, and I do feel that my meds wore off by then. I'll try reading during the day. Thanks for letting me know! :) Yep, that's part of why it worked so well for me. It's the same "colour" as paper. Some phones also come with an option to eliminate blue light. I find the kindle also helps my distraction. With a physical book I always go.. Oooh lemme read the back cover again for the millionth time  This approach is difficult for me because I sit down to read during the day (on my day off, for example) and instantly feel the weight of "all the other crap I have to do/should be doing," which distracts me from just chilling and enjoying my book.  End of the day or late at night?  Then I'm like, "I should be going to bed!" It's horrible! Haha, ok! I'll check them out. TatteredTabi, down time is important and you are worthy of a book. Think about it as an investment in yourself.  Reading is proven to deepen various parts of life and career.  

Tell those hyper critical ideas in your head to shut the fuck up. They are illiterate, and smell like meatloaf.  Same as you btw, LOVED reading as a kid, then lost it and could not sit with a book for longer than ten minutes no matter how interested I was. Just check for the model that's not like a tablet. I can't remember what it's called now... [thanks ADHD, right?] Well, I do have a nook. However it's like 7 years old and probably not up to date. Ha! Depending on what phone you've got, check if it's got the blue light eliminator app thingy. Or if you can even dl one for it. On mine, I've set it to automatically go on at 20:00 every night. It's still very different to a Kindle, but it's worth a try. The short scrolly bits and being able to make the fonts HUUUUUUUUUGE is a help on a digital reader too. 