Doing focus intensive tasks (reading, math, coding, essay...etc) WITHOUT medications. Anyone here got a tip for aforementioned tasks without meds? I'm just recently diag'd (inattentive) and the shrink doesnt want to settle on meds yet(and I doubt he'll be quick. Lots of "customers").  

I'm in the process of unscrewing my life right now.  Mildly depressed Computer Science student. Third Year with failing grades.  
There's a bunch of university work - mostly programming / theory readings that I have to catch up and cant really wait. 
Needs bandaid fix real quick.   

Most of the time, I'd be staring at the scene for 30 minutes with only 10 lines of spaghetti code written before getting into gear, wrestle with the compiler and.... "what the fuck how is it midnight?" Same goes for quiz, tests and books.  
I had to devote 2x the time to reading - memorizing almost nothing on the first read and only getting marginal understanding on successive tries.
I'd understand the concept at large but the small details slips through every time.  
The time wasted getting rid of mental noises and having your works interrupted by things that slipped through the crack

TL;DR:  Programmer with ADHD. Needs advice / life hacks to study and work better without meds
I'd rather get advice from someone with first hand experince than hopelessly wait for the doc.

 use a pomodoro timer! but instead of 25 mins/5 min break do 10 mins/3 min break. i like tomatotimer.com Try working out (pretty hard) and then studying right after. Also, caffeine. I once read online that listening to video game soundtracks are good for study/working because they are designed to stimulate concentration. I don't know if true or not but I have found it does actually help. But it is very hard. I'm trying to study after work these past few months but barely been motivated to do anything. Things that got me through the first two years of my PhD unmedicated:

* Caffeine, and lots of it
* Exercise
* Hyperfocus. Either induced by deadline panic, or induced by staying up so late that I started feeling funny and could concentrate better.
* Externalize executive function. EVERYTHING goes on a list.

Here's an example for the list one: If you need to mail a form somewhere, there should be separate items on your list for the day for "fill out form", "get envelope and stamp", "find address and write it on envelope", and then putting all of that together and mailing it. That way when you lose your train of thought, you can immediately look at the list and say "right, I'm supposed to be finding the address to write on the envelope right now"

Even now that I'm on meds, I still need to do lists like this, or I just don't get anything done. I’m trying vodka right now. Hasn’t worked yet :(

Edit: I’m actually editing my paper, thanks vodka Never tried that. Thanks. What about studying at uni? I tried pacing and stretching but it doesn't always work.  Instrumental game music right? I usually (seriously)study without any music since my go-to playlist has too much vocals.
On another note:  
Mass Effect's [Suicide Mission](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyofzTevMEU) suite is my life right now. Except I didn't buy any upgrades. I just started making to-do lists today. Sorted by importance and sub tasks.
Thinking about splitting 2 books between low priority / urgency and real important stuff.  
Does color coding really improve your notes and does keeping tabs on your phone work? I just sift through inane shit whenever I pick it up and never get a thing done. My backpack is overloaded, but cavemen scribbles and a clean notebook's how I roll. I have written many an essay with a bottle of rum. It really works but you have to remember to proof read the next day to ensure it makes sense. Well at least pretend to yourself you will proof read it. i got the idea from [dr. barkley](https://youtu.be/_tpB-B8BXk0) and it’s been REALLY helpful. i had tried pomodoro timers in the past but 25 mins was definitely too long so they never worked for me. changing it to 10/3 was a game-changer Can you go for a run before you study? Also, you can do sets of pushups to break up the studying. Which normally works better for me than pacing to get my energy out/refocus, I think because it's a little harder. Right exactly. I can't listen to any music with vocals when studying but I have found instrumental game soundtracks really relaxing and exhilarating at the same time. My personal favourites are uncharted (the soundtrack is just epic and I love the series) and assassins creed. I turned my essay in I finished it yesterday for the most part. If my time from being on Reddit while drunk has taught me anything it’s that I’m still better at writing than most users. Seriously, some of the people on here are just awful. Not on this sub, but on others it’s cringeworthy.  Just have to find that sweet spot eh? I usually do a lap around the stadium (if woken up early... needs to work on it) and try to schedule courses for morning. Got through Calc and Chemistry this way.  
But my energy usually drops off after mid-day and the laboratory / coding courses are there fml.  
I'll try pushups and have a mug ready. Just people in general. I'm a bit lazy with punctuation as I'm usually trying on my phone but all my real life work would probably a few years ago be considered average, but now it looks like I have an english degree since everyone else is so bad. And people handwriting is so awful  Some intense cardio is the best. Perhaps run up and down a tall staircase a couple of times? My handwriting can get pretty bad if it’s not in cursive or I don’t take the time to make it legible. Older people on Facebook are the worst though by a mile.  I'll just run between the faculties instead of walking. If people ask about the smell, I'll point them to you.  
Thanks and good luck. Haha sure I will take all the blame! :P 