How can I study independently without getting sidetracked? There's a lot of free online resources nowadays, but my attention span is so shit that I can't seem to get much out of it. I intend to go back to school in Fall 2019 (not eligible for financial aid until then) and major in engineering. Problem is, I never had a good math education and I need to learn calculus and trigonometry by next year. I really think I *could* do it if I weren't constantly getting sidetracked. Does anyone have any advice? Crash course has an ['how to study' playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhuwS5ZLwKY&list=PL8dPuuaLjXtNcAJRf3bE1IJU6nMfHj86W) I really like.

It won't literally put your ass in the seat, but it does talk a lot about procrastination and attention span. Also just knowing (or getting a reminder) on *how* to study can make it feel a little less overwhelming on it's own. 

I blank just reading the word trigonometry, so I can't say if they have any other useful videos for you. If they do, they're worth checking out, the speed+information density makes this one of the channels I can focus on with the least amount of effort. 

 I don't have any sources and what I said may be discouraging so i wanted to apologize and warn you first. I was going to delete it and saw from your post history that you're about my age when i went back to school so I went ahead and hit submit.

Are you really sure you want to do that? I know that's discouraging, and I'm sorry about that, but that just sounds like a horrible fit. I left accounting for that reason. Since you're getting sidetracked anyway, maybe figure out what you love about engineering and see if it fits with other stuff.

I've seen lots of articles about "What job is best for ADHD?" They usually say basically that it depends on the person. But from what I know about engineering and about the people I've seen thrive in engineering, I'd definitely be completely certain before I throw life plans and money at it. If you go into learning trig and calculus and quit, it might be good to figure out the root attractions. It might give you good leads on something that fits an ADHD brain better. 

That said, everyone's different and i may be completely wrong. I wish you the best! Do do do. Exercise while you study. Make flash cards with lots of fun colored pens and then go on hikes and walks. 

Whatever you can do to make it interactive. They need video games or something  I am going back now and working on a nursing degree. The best thing that has helped me is using etextbooks and the amount of online resources by the textbooks. It allows me to focus on what I’m doing cause I’m doing 1-2 smaller tasks at the same time. I do not do well with paper text books. I will reread the same paragraph over and over and not remember what I read, or even start thinking of what I’m going to do tomorrow while I read. Those issues miraculously went away when I switched to reading my textbooks using iBooks or the kindle app on my MacBook. Using quizlet has also made a big difference for me. I want to be a surveyor. I love geography and I love the outdoors. I don't want to sit at a desk all day. I have a background in drafting so a degree would be the logical progression in the field I'm trying to get in but haven't yet. The job prospects are good, too. There is the math component though...

What would you suggest? Basically everything with a good career outlook requires some level of math. That sounds like a good fit then. Around here all engineering tends to be in an office at a factory or a firm. I know someone that work in the forest doing survey work but he got a degree in forestry. I don't actually have any advice on the math aspect. College algebra was the highest level I ever had to do. 