I always lurked here and want to comment these threads but as soon I click on them and realize there are massive paragraphs I can’t focus on reading them and move on. It really sucks because I want to help the people who ask questions but can’t focus enough to read their long posts. I feel horrible.  Yeah, I never read the really long posts, either, especially the ones that are just a wall of text. Well, almost never - it has to be something really interesting.

I skim over the ones that are broken up into smaller paragraphs, though, and sometimes I go back and read carefully if it seems worthwhile. Why waste time say lot word when few word do trick They should know better. ;-) Whenever I post here, it's when I can't focus enough to be coherent. 

I hoped people on the subreddit would understand, but I didn't realize it was really hard for people to read too. 

Sorry! Thanks for letting me/us know. Will try to do better in the future.  you're not the only one. btw thanks for having your post be short enough that it all showed up on the main page with nothing else to read when I clicked on it  A lot of ADHD peeps have a tendency to get super wordy and go on mega long tangents. I'm one of those. a really shitty dynamic on this sub sometimes - people hyperfocused or buzzed off their meds writing walls of text that nobody has the focus to read on a sub about not being able to focus  Don’t worry, there’s adhd people in the thread who fixate on reading those paragraphs - at the right time. We here at r/adhd help in our own individual ways. It's okay. You may want to investigate sensory processing disorder. I'm autistic and have it, but I know ADHD people who have it, too. Can usually relate but adhd is super interesting to me i'll read about that stuff all day :p  I literally do the exact same thing. I made a post here about this once actually. Not sure why the sub discussing people with attention disorders has such massive paragraphs in it.  TLDR is amazing in this instance  Ditto I usually try and read one a week. Most of the time i don't make the goal but i do try. Although i do find it easier to read if the title is engaging and i can relate somehow. I think google can read text to you.  Get the tech guy at the store to set up your settings. Try adhd memes. I bet we all do this! 

Actually, when I write in this sub specifically, I always make an effort to structure my prose in short paragraphs.

Helpful eh? 😉 Haha, highly relatable. "oh shit too much to read- next" facts.  some days i  have it in me to read them, others i cant even make it past the first couple sentences.  i almost didn't even post this comment...  don't feel bad tough,  if anyone understands is us! lol  I just save them to read later.  Lol me, even the title of the post was too much for me to grasp at first Same  I thought I was the only one Sometimes to read the long posts, I'll use text-to-speech.  It slows down the reading enough to get more richness out of the information.   Yeah days I dont take my meds I cant really participate in this sub as odd as that seems Sometimes when I'm not able to read a huge amount of text I paste it into Google translate and it reads it out loud. It sucks that ADHD people can be our own worst enemies- I can’t condense my thoughts into coherent sentences, and I also can’t read other people’s long sentences. :,D combine that with the Need(tm) to be understood and you get an endless loop o’ frustration  Honestly learning to articulate better helped me get better help. Literal same  I never read long posts either because of the focus issue. It's a shame because the poster wants to be heard. Meta *I can Same here - I need a TL;DR on a fair few posts here. I cannot read anything long or without indentations. Summarize bot is my best friend and skimming through if I have to gets me by.

After the first skim I can actually read it if I need to. NEED to. LOL I just scrolled this thread real quick and moved on but I decided to come back and mention how ironic that is. Yep. Click on them, notice bulk of text, mouse button 4, resume to browse. Sucks. same. People can write long text but never read them. I think i'm able to stay employed as a writer because I have this. I cannot tolerate inefficient word use. There are too many long posts on reddit and i have to skip them all, especially TIFU.  I thought when I joined up there was setting to change the presentation.

Not sure how or where that may be hiding. It's most likely because they are medicated when they are typing those long paragraphs. I wish more people (on this sub and ALL subs) could break their posts and comments into smaller paragraphs. It makes a huge difference. I rarely even read the ones that are longer than a paragraph. Anything longer than your comment and I usually end up skim reading it and essentially taking in nothing. In that vein, life shit, wife leave, kids go with her. Shamed. Want 2 die.

Sorry. I'm wallowing. Haha kevin <3 Is that an Aston Koocher quote? That's the thing, we do, but our minds are so unorganized it takes paragraphs to explain things. It makes it really hard to get advice/ help.  It's not lack of focus... most of us can follow that. 

It's the giant walls of text that are overwhelming.  I am too. I have a hard time focusing on what the point is and condensing it into just the important stuff. I feel like a lot of my stuff is wordier than it needs to be.  I always *always* read the TL;DR first. If it's *really* interesting, I might skim back over some of the paragraphs. But most of the time the TL;DR is all I wanted. Really ? How ! I, too, have a huge list of saved posts that I'll never get around to reading. I usually type longer paragraphs unmedicated. Can’t focus on one topic long enough to make a short paragraph Breaking into small posts may cause someone to forget what they were posting about. Hell I have a problem with forgetting what I’m talking about face to face. Also, people may be hyper focused on their issue at the time.  Sucks to do it on phone. But I fully agree! Me sorry. me send love. feel better you.  relatable want. I am sorry. we + ur kids don't want u dead. don't fear asking 4 help  Get dog. Dog make all things better. And wife already leave, so can't take dog. WIN! I am sorry. *onlinehug* I am sorry you're in a rough place right now. I send all my love to you and hope things will get better buddy I ramble like CRAZY! I can digest it over time but for the love of Bob throw some goddamn line breaks in there There are numerous apps for your phone and your computer.  My personal favorite is "Natural Reader", but there are lots of them. 

I googled "Google app read text" and there are even YouTube videos on how to install and use them.  They read the text back to you.  

I don't know whether you use a computer or phone, apple or android, unlimited data or pay-as-you-go. All of that matters.  

I can't tell you from here, but you can find someone where you are to walk you through it. [http://translate.google.com](http://translate.google.com) Still it's not too terrible to tap enter twice at the end of a sentance.

Then you can keep going with your thought immediately after

And the reader isn't overwhelmed by a wall of text I usually write want I wanted to say, then go back and edit/format/whatever. 

And when I'm formatting, I'm always thinking of how it's going to look to somebody like me:

- is it visually overwhelming? 

- does the right information jump out at me? 

- is there enough white space?

- And the big one - do I really need to say all that? Why don't I cut about half out?

That's why I prefer writing to speaking. You don't have to get it right the first time.
 Small paragraphs, not posts. I often go back and break it up later, just choose a few spots to hit enter. Doesn't have to be perfect - we're not in a composition class. Another man is likely to raise my kids with her. I don't know what's worse; that or the idea that he'd do a better job of it than I have. > But you, friend, you talk, I no talk, but happy. I'm too stubborn to die. Just wallowing.  Doubleplus good! iPhones have this without an app, it's in accessibility settings - I have mine set to three finger down swipe to trigger Does this work on mobile though?

Let me test, please ignore. 

(I'm not very good with these thing lol) NVR 2 l8 2 change Ooh, that’s relatable! I got through a long period of suicidal tendencies (triggered by my abusive now-ex boyfriend) just by being too stubborn to die. I’m like that with a lot of things, like taking Advil for pain. Unfortunately, Advil is actually helpful. Lol glad I could help Same situation. No kids yet. Gf pregnant Thank you for your positivity. I appreciate your attempts to cajole me out of a funk. I feel like something is ripping my guts out through my navel. So. I appreciate the effort.  Too late to save this marriage.  If you haven't been diagnosed and you think you have this condition, get yourself to a doctor. Get help. If I had gotten help a year ago; five years ago... maybe my marriage wouldn't be falling to shit now. To be honest.. isn't that a common things these days ? Don't beat yourself up. But I know how you feel. I try to let tomorrow's problems wait for tomorrow and just do what I can every day so I can sleep better at night. You can do anything you set your mind to bro. You just need to see the light and get some hyperfocus going. I believe in you I live in vn. Meds are expensive. currently in a bit of a dipper with work.

Considering moving home again.
Shame... Came to Asia to be successful.

Always blamed societal rules for me not fitting in back home.. rebelled. Finished uni. Moved out and looked for adventure..

I really wanna get back on my feet again Good luck, friend. 