ADHD Book Club - Tell us what you're reading! There have been some posts the past few months about ADHD Book Club - to help people get back into reading, or share what you're reading! There's a [Goodreads group](https://www.goodreads.com/group/show/583178-adhd-book-club) for discussion if you'd like to head over there, otherwise, update us here on what you're reading currently!

Previous posts:

[https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/8fznrh/book\_club/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/8fznrh/book_club/)

[https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/8dhz64/adhd\_summer\_reading\_challenge/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/8dhz64/adhd_summer_reading_challenge/)

Maybe if we have enough interest, we could ask for a book club post to be added to the weekly schedule? Two books currently. 

The 5 Levels of Leadership, by John C. Maxwell. 

and

Fool Moon, by Jim Butcher

The first is quite enlightening and has me rethinking ALOT about my approach to leadership; the second is just plain fun.  Working my way (very slowly) through Daring Greatly by Brene Brown. Yayy! Just started Dear Fahrenheit 451 by Annie Spence and slowly going through To the Survivors by Robert Uttaro.

  I started The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck but only made it through the first story of the first chapter.  I used to be a voracious reader but with adhd getting worse, can’t get thru books which broke my heart. But then someone said read young adult. Yeah! Now I read young adult books.  They get right to the plot, go fast and I don’t get distracted.  How to win friends and influnce people by Dale Carnegie. Bought the book 2 years ago, read one chapter and only now picking up where I left off.  I have three on the go!  I'm actually taking a small break because I tend to hyper focus and obsess about books (one of my favourite things!). 

Flame in the Mist - Renee Ahdieh

The Case Against Sugar - Gary Taubes

Bad Feminist - Roxane Gay (essay style, great for ADHD readers!)  Just finished reading Post Office by Charles Bukowski. Very funny, or satirical may be the better word. Nice short chapters as well ;) A girl in time John Birmingham hmmm good enough. Finished. 

Letters of chekov. Ongoing and interesting. He had a mongoose and its very oh look a mongoose. 

Women with attention deficit disorder - Sari solden. Study focus finished in five hours. So much cringey gender stuff because I'm not that women she's talking about and I don't give a fk what society thinks a woman should be. But also super very helpful so I had to underline way too much! 

The mindfulness prescription for adult Adhd - Lydia zylowska. Totally recommend. Taking slowly as advised by noon.  I'm reading Driven to Distraction by Edward Hallowell and Tricked by Kevin Hearne.  Tricked is urban fantasy and compared to Dresden Files. Driven to Distraction has been very good so far, and really keeps my interest by telling stories and case files of those learning they have ADHD.  I love Dresden Files! I need to pick up the new short story collection.  Oooh, yay Brene Brown! If you're interested in podcasts, I know the ADHD ReWired host just keeps trying to get her on because he likes her work so much. Was the first chapter interesting enough to make you want to keep reading? I bought this but have yet to get through the first chapter Awesome! I used to be a completionist about books and drudge through them, which made me hate reading for a while. Now, if I don't like it, I'll stop reading and find something better. Fantasy and sciencey self-help are usually genres that I'll breeze right through. Haha I did the same thing, now i'm able to read a bit of both but I always have a YA or a romance on the go in case I get bored.  I set a goal of reading 5-10 adult books a year haha Yeah, I tend to read a few books concurrently too! I've got two right now, and am waiting for The Case Against Sugar to get freed back up on Overdrive through my library. I think I'm about 40&#37; through. Excellent will try this.  That's unfortunate about Sari Solden's book. I read Queen of Distraction by Terry Matlen, and I think it's got some of the same cringey gender stuff, but it might be in more of a perspective of "this is still what a lot of women deal with now". I know it did try to focus on both hyperactive and inattentive ADHD, using two characters and little stories about them in each chapter. Maybe that one would be good for you? But I'm glad Solden's at least has some good info!

I'll have to look into the Mindfulness Prescription one. :) I’ve legit only listen to the first and half the second. Good so far. Urban fantasy is a favorite of mine so not surprised I like it. 

In terms of narration though (listening to audiobook) I prefer the Nightside series. Narrator has the style on fucking lock. So good.  Yes! I love that one! I will to have to keep an eye out for her as a guest.  Totally, I just have a hard time reading in general with my attention span.  Friend gave this to me and I too am having trouble getting thru first chapter. Let me know if it’s worth it!
 Oh awesome!  I currently have the paper copy but i'm barely through it.  Do you like it so far? The mindfulness prescription is useful because 
- she understands focus scanning 
- she uses bullet points and text boxes 
- and pictures and flow charts 
- great intro info for others about lived experience of adhd
- she knows I will rush ahead and suggests one chapter each week 
- and because I trust her I'm trying that 
- there's an audio cd guide (haven't used yet its there)

Lol it's great for us that we are able to focus on the useful things in these books. 

and I did feel aching compassion for the women who feel the gender-role expectation pressure - that must be awful. 

I will check out the Terry one thank you for that. 
 I don't enjoy the narrator for Dresden Files at all. But for some reason everyone shits bricks about him. I don't get it. He's not that great. The writing though is fabulous.  Have you read any of the Iron Druid Chronicles by Kevin Hearne? I'm enjoying them, and keep seeing them get compared to the Dresden Files (which I haven't read before!).  Hah, I don't think Eric's gotten there yet, but there are definitely some other episodes of his focusing on her usual work - shame and vulnerability. I do like it, but I find I have to be in a certain mood to read it. There's a lot of history of the sugar industry, which can either really grab me or really put me to sleep depending on the day. :'D

My husband and I are just about to get back into keto, so it should be a good read for me after I finish Driven to Distraction. Thanks for the info! I love when books have chapter summaries so I don't have to go back digging! I'll have to read Mindfulness Prescription. I've actually found that since I started taking my meds, I have had a noticeable increase in how mindful I am in everyday life.  I don’t mind him, insofar as his portrayal, but, his audio quality is so ... I dunno, amateurish? It’s as if he’s recording on the phone or something. You hear every breath he takes and exhalation. You even hear his swallowing sometimes.  That’s because he was a huge cult fav on Buffy tv show. ❤️ Oh lol, I can see that!  I'm actually really excited to read it, i've been wanting to since last year but just haven't gotten around to it.  We'll see! Weird. My boyfriend listened to it.  