Affordable ADHD Diagnosis in London Hello all,

After looking for countless solutions to some of my problems for years, I've been considering an ADHD assessment for some time now. I live in the UK, so I first approached my GP to seek an assessment. Because I'm an adult and my condition isn't severe (i.e. unable to function day to day), they said the funding request would be rejected. 

So it seems like private is the only route to go. To those who live in London, are there any services that you recommend? I'm only 22 who just started working this year so anything over £500 is an issue. If anyone can help, please let me know. Medications can definitely help with anxiety and depression also... I’m not exactly sure what you mean by “persistence” but if you mean you can “will” yourself out of those conditions, in my personal experience, that is not the case. Also, note that these three conditions are not mutually exclusive and you can two (or like me) all three or some combination of these and other conditions. 

I’m sorry you are having a difficult time figuring out what is going on. Just because you can basically function doesn’t mean you aren’t experiencing impairment. I don’t live in the UK so I can’t offer practical information. Is your GP not even able to rule out other conditions? I just wanted to say that I hope you are able to get an assessment soon. Good luck to you.  I’m afraid that I don’t live in the area and am unable to give you any clear answers but I wish you all the best. Even with an IFR, it can take a while for a diagnosis from a qualified professional to be made with some people waiting years. That being said, I imagine there are a greater number of qualified psychiatrists per Capita capable of diagnosis for ADHD in the London area - irrespective of price for services. But, IMO, it is great that you have begun to connect with a community with whom you have identified strong similarities and that means a great deal. It means that, in the meantime, you have access to knowledge and support; in this case, in the form of an online community. But there are books, websites - a whole host of resources available to help better understand ADHD and how it could affect you. A final point, is that, without treatment or education of self on their condition, even those with mild/moderate or subclinical ADHD can run in to great difficulties down the line and are at a greater risk of developing a comorbidity, ie. depression/anxiety.  I got my diagnosis through psychiatry-UK online. They’re really good, but maybe slightly out of your budget? About £600 for one hour session with a psych, report, letter to gp, titration, private prescription and follow up appointment. But on top of that is the cost of the meds during titration, before you’re referred back to your nhs gp for shared care agreement.  By persistence, I mean not engaging in unhelpful behaviour which will only perpetuate feelings of dread (e.g. escapism) and instead "facing the fears". 

Anxiety and depression are often illnesses which come to the surface due to one's environment/situation. ADHD is the complete opposite; you're born with it and you need help to manage it. Throughout my teenage years to now, I've been told by everyone - from my family to my therapists - that no one can help me. But if ADHD really is my problem, then I have something to help me cope with life's difficulties. 

If there is no underlying illness besides anxiety and depression, then I'm pretty much on my own. People are different who have different problems to mine, so many will disagree with me. Maybe my therapists suck and my family are ignorant. But at this point in life, this pretty much is the conclusion I've come to.  >But there are books, websites - a whole host of resources available to help better understand ADHD and how it could affect you.

I understand what ADHD is, I'm in and out of this sub and have been reading articles about it this past year. My conundrum lies on what my condition really is. I identify with many of the symptoms regarding ADHD, but these symptoms could very well be the result of anxiety and depression. If it's the latter, then it means I wouldn't require pharmacological intervention to change my life, perhaps it would need to be through persistence. If it's the former, then I can finally stop blaming myself for everything I've struggled with. There would also be a panacea in medical treatment. There is no point in reading books on ADHD if I don't even suffer from the disorder.

My point is, an assessment would give me clarity which I very much need. Instead of perennial worrying which makes things worse, I would understand my condition and how best to tackle it. There are obvious complications though. A misdiagnosis is entirely possible -- ADHD diagnoses are based on the subjective input of the patient. Thanks, I've checked them out and their prices are far better compared to the other ADHD services I've come across. A couple 100 over my budget is fine, as long as they are professional and reliable.  Here’s something you can do then. It’s exactly what a trained psychiatrist should ask of you for a diagnosis of ADHD in the UK. You should ask dig out your old school reports. Maybe you can look through them with your parents, as I did, for a more accurate perspective. Look for indications of behaviours that are characteristic of ADHD. Every school year, there were one or two comments to the effect of “...[insert name] could pay more attention in this area...” or “...disappointed with the lack of effort where there is clear academic promise, [insert name] needs to be doing more...”. Childhood is key here and you’ve done your research so you should know what to look for. Childhood is key because it is a time of little restraint, your base/core behaviours unadulterated. Maybe you can begin to think of childhood experiences/anecdotes. Do they better correlate with an ADHD presentation or one of Anx./Depression? Of course, this is interpretation, our old friend subjection. And they can mimic one another, so watch for that. At the end of the day though, it’ll be down to a psychiatrist. This brings me to my second point - some psychiatrists have a great deal more experience with ADHD than others - for example, mine had been active in contemporary research on ADHD. It was quite clear in our meeting that she knew what to look for. Good :) just to give you an idea, my meds (elvanse) were £173 for a 28 day supply but my ex boyfriend was put on something different that was only £30, so those costs really depend what you’re put on. Let the psych know if cost is a concern.  This is exactly the area that makes me think twice about going for a diagnosis. As a child, though I wasn't academically stellar, I was still very competent. The school reports that I've managed to hold on to suggest that I was a very, very bright kid. 

In some cases though, the symptoms are more subtle on bright children as the academic demands are not as heavy. The turning point for me was my adolescent period. Perhaps I'm missing something, maybe I can't remember.

There is no evidence from my childhood which shows any inattentiveness. So I wonder... what on earth could it be? My ability to focus is embarrassing at times, among other symptoms.

I firmly believe that I am suffering from some form of cognitive impairment. Could depression have such a profound effect on one's cognitive ability? 
 How have the meds been? My primary 'symptom' is the inability to sustain concentration, so I just hope a stimulant would do wonders for me in improving that.  This experience in childhood is extremely common and most often so with those who have sought a diagnosis in adulthood. My own story mirrors yours. Early success followed by an increasingly difficult adolescence. I’m no expert on depression but for sure it can contribute to cognitive impairment. Also, I should mention that those diagnosed with ADHD have a notoriously poor assessment of self, and particularly, of themselves as children. So, you might not have been quite as attentive to your inattention as you are now. In fact, directed attention towards attentional styles is a higher-order executive function I would rarely expect of the brightest of children, let alone of those who are executively impaired. 

Here’s a new perspective on the situation. Just like so many others, I sought out a diagnosis so that I might help myself to live a better life. Now, back two years when I first looked into ADHD, I could have told you that I identify with dysthymia and GAD. However, I identified with ADHD more strongly and felt it was central to most of my problems, a more comprehensive explanation, if you will. 

Having said that, I am one of the few people for whom the stimulant medications have had little effect. Still stick by my diagnosis though - 100%.

 >Also, I should mention that those diagnosed with ADHD have a notoriously  poor assessment of self, and particularly, of themselves as children.  So, you might not have been quite as attentive to your inattention as  you are now. In fact, directed attention towards attentional styles is a  higher-order executive function I would rarely expect of the brightest  of children, let alone of those who are executively impaired.

Interesting... I didn't know this. I remember areas as I child where I still did feel 'unmotivated', for a lack of a better word. Not just in school, but at home. It's definitley something I feel is good enough to approach an ADHD specialist  with to determine my condition.

>Having said that, I am one of the few people for whom the stimulant  medications have had little effect. Still stick by my diagnosis though -  100%.

One of my fears is that I'll be one of those 'unfortunate' people where medication will not be a solution to my issues (if I'm diagnosed). If you don't mind me asking, how do you deal with your symptoms? Are you managing to cope with life? I am 23 and got my diagnosis in April 2017. Life is a real struggle for me in many ways. It’s fair to say that medication doesn’t really quite do the job for me. But I’ve come to terms with where I’m at. I know what I’ve got to work with now. My ADHD books are my gospel. Even though I struggle to read them at times, they are a godsend at times. My advice to you would be to make sure you are forgiving of yourself. Manage your expectations, make sure you understand how the disorder specifically affects you, and give yourself the space and time. Just be kind to yourself because you’ll be rigorously questioning your behaviours, past and present, and that can be mildly derailing at the best of times. My last point is to be wary that those around you might not understand ADHD, loved ones, friends etc. Another reason to be forgiving of yourself. My advice here has to be very general though as your experience will inevitably be a different one from mine. And even if a diagnosis is not immediately made, the psychiatrist should have some strong ideas on where to go next. 
 > My advice to you would be to make sure you are forgiving of yourself. 

To me, the need to forgive myself is something I'm cognisant of, but it is incredibly difficult to execute, especially when I was once a smart/bright person. I know I've gone on tangents here, but the everyday realisation of my problems make it difficult for me to accept my situation and move forward. Acceptance, or however one frames it, is key to coping IMO.

You've provided me with valuable insight, thank you so much. I don't know you but man, you're so damn similar to me. You also seem like a very intelligent guy. I appreciate your comments and I wish you all the best. 