I am struggling to talk *properly* Whenever I want to say something, it either comes out exactly like I wanted it to, or like most of the times, not anything that would make sense. 

- Mid way I can change what I want to say and end up merging words. 

Like I would want to say Bye but then the other person said Cya so I would naturally say the same, only thing is I already started to say bye so what comes out sounds a bit like Bcya 

- I can try to say something but it won't make sense. Others know what I mean but it won't make sense

~~I cannot remember any examples on top of my head as~~ I don't notice it as much since I am under the first impression that I got my thoughts across. I only really realise that I've done it again when other people call me out on it.

Edit: I just remembered that when I say left when I meant right sometimes. Or that when there are too many (2/3) names involved or things, I always juggle them up, as if my brain was not able to correctly handle information. 

Or how I was meant to say ceiling but said roof instead. It's things of similar but not exactly same thing. 

I am quite sure that is not due to me being bilingual - this happens in my native language too Me too  Everything you describe happens to me! I know the “see ya, bye” —> “cye” happens to lots of people, but your example of saying roof instead of ceiling struck a chord with me. I used to have reading problems, and they’d say it was an issue with my eyes— that I had one eye reading ahead, processing info before the second eye took it in (or something like that) which was supposed to explain why when the book said something like “the preacher questioned”  I’d say “the reverend asked”. 

It still happens with reading and speaking. Never thought of it being connected to ADHD, but it makes sense it would be connected to a lack of focus/boredom. Like your brain quits half-way through a thought and comes up with the next-best, laziest, answer. 

(I also cannot keep track of double negatives! Which is like not being able to handle all the info. Maybe we’re just dumb? I know weed made things much worse. I quit a little while ago and can at least handle a few concepts in my head at once.) I never had this problem until recently.. I always thought it stemmed from social insecurities.. I have made an effort to have at least two social interactions with people I dont already know in order to combat this issue  Hey OP, you heard of something called Aphasia? I’m in no way a doctor just FYI. But what you describe really sounds like everything I’ve learned about it in my developmental psych and speech-language pathology courses in college.

There are a few different types, if I remember correctly. Receptive(also called Wernicke’s Area Aphasia), Expressive (also called Broca’s Area Aphasia), Anomic Aphasia, Global Aphasia etc.

“Wernicke’s” and “Broca’s” are  named after the dudes who discovered the regions of the brain where these kinds of issues stem from!

Definitely worth a Google! If you do your own research more and feel like this fits, see if you can set up an appointment with a Speech-Language Pathologist! “Take it later!”

Instead of, take it easy or talk to you later. I developed the habit long ago of trailing off into a mumble because I'd lose track of what I was saying. I still have that habit now even though I'm medicated and able to track my thoughts better. I'm really trying to kick the habit but it's hard. I'm almost wondering if I need to see a speech therapist. Same here,  Is this a repost? I swear I read this post before. Too me Finally one I can get behind. Omg you just described my struggle with reading totally. Also double negatives are THE WORST and we’re not dumb! I’m interested to know what you think about my reply to OP’s post! From a super cursory glance that looks to me like it's something pretty serious and involving brain damage or a brain tumor. 

While I don't know enough about anything in this situation to say with absolute resolve that OP's problem is not aphasia, it's more likely to be much less serious. I've gone through the same thing, and while it is a pretty continuous and frequent pattern of jumbling sounds and jumping subjects mid word..it's not a lack of understanding of language or inability to turn thoughts into language. 

I think it's pretty common, but it does ebb and flow in terms of how frequent and severe. It's incredibly annoying when it's bad. 

For me it's a matter of my brain and my mouth not staying in sync. My brain jumps around constantly in every new direction and will do a few laps before I even get mid-way through responding to someone. That's the best case because learning and practicing articulation is enough to fix it. 

The other related issue I have is what I  think OP is talking about, stopping mid-sentence or even mid-word because you have pretty much already forgot where you were going. I also will interpose two words first letters or jumble words and feel like an idiot having to re-pronounce things way too frequently. 

With reading it feels like I just try to cut out everything that looks unnecessary to the overall meaning or point of a paragraph or sentence. It feels like I read the beginning and the end of a sentence and just block out the middle. Moo te Me too The reading bit. Yes.  