I've met with an OT and it's the most useless horrible thing of my life the past few week. Ranty McRant Time. So after over  _FIVE_ hours of congitive testing the OT has decided I don't really, fit. I have poor memory, executive function, and can't read a clock or do math quickly but given a test I rush it, and given a less complex executive function test like tap these in order or being allowed to make a list I do normal. Everything ended up in the bottom of normal to the high side of below normal. 

She also thinks the adhd meds in on are unecessary and I probably have GAD because I was worried about my penmanship when doing the speed tests. ~~Which honestly, suck a lemon. I'm apologizing for chaos writing to be polite your annoying old trashmonger~~ 

So after all that preamble, what do we do to finally discuss organization and skills!?

Nothing.

Last time asked what I needed help with, I pointed out various things I do that I struggle with. She asked what I did that worked and didn't work. I pointed out my checklists for shit like fucking shower. 

And now? She kept asking what I could do to be organized and _I don't fucking know._ If I knew I would be doing it. I have not read literally every organization and productivity book I can find to try to outsmart my brain without trying things. I can only tell you what failed, and what worked, _because I've tried everything I have thought of_ and am fucking paying you to help with more ideas.

Yeah so. 

Meeting went horribly. I had to step out because I put my shirt on backwards that morning. I didn't have enough coffee. I hate her. I feel useless and betrayed. She hasn't written the report in 3 weeks and I'm just frustrated I put ALL this effort into trying to find someone to help with ideas, only to be basically shot down and belittled. 

So yeah, mental health occupational therapist person is going on my list of most useless wastes of time of this year. I can't believe I've been working on this since Summer. I totally understand your disappointment, and I'm so sorry for your experience.  I'm glad you're here, because people (like me) on the other side can confirm that diagnosis and EFFECTIVE treatment is almost always a pretty long and exasperating process.  It's always been fascinatingly ironic to me that treatment for ADHD is so rife with pitfalls considering the unique challenges of the disorder.  It's like they make you beg them to see how fucked up you are before they throw you a bone.  And THEN, they throw that bone way out of your reach and require you complete an elaborate and expensive dance to retrieve the bone.  Meanwhile, it took every ounce of mental energy you have just to show up for one fucking appointment.  It's like somebody coming in for a broken leg, and the doctor requiring they run a mile to prove their leg is really broken.  And they have to finish in seven minutes or less to establish the broken-leg diagnosis.

Many of us totally get what you're feeling.  Hang in there and please do not give up, even if you need to take a break for awhile.  Effective treatment is a huge help that makes life easier, even though it's way too hard to get. On the plus side, a really really shitty session like that helps make sure you don’t waste anymore time with this OT. As a fellow ADHD redditer and OT student: I'm sorry to hear you had such an awful experience and therapy. Hope you will find something that does help!  Unfortunately I don't think she wants the continue with me. I'll just be taking my paperwork with me to ADHD testing in a few months.

I don't even **know** what effective treatment would be, hence bugging OT. I've been through years of mindfulness based treatment for 'depression' and ADHD meds and books related to that gave been the only thing to make literally any improvement since childhood. It's like, reading books written in English rather then trying to translate from French. It's just nice to have things that seem to make sense. 

The leg comparison is a good one. I suppose I have a cast, cause GP is like fuck this waiting list let's test meds, but my attempts to find out what do I do with cast or the equivalent of PT for a broken leg once out of cast are going nowhere. 

Thanks for reading the rant. Also "fascinatingly ironic" is the most perfect phrasing, and disappointingly true.  