Dumb question but is it common to have trouble making eye contact when not on medication? My whole left i have vivid memories of my mom saying “look at them when your talking to them!!” and i would always be punished for it. i wasn’t diagnosed until i turned 17 but ever since i started taking adderall i haven’t noticed it being an issue. Before i got diagnosed my doctor pointed out that i don’t make eye contact and she said she does the same thing and has ADHD. so i was just curious if there’s a correlation there  Gonna guess so since that was something I trained myself out of. I make sure to make eye contact so I don’t seem weird. Yup. Would look at people's mouths. On meds I can look at people's eyes but still trying to get the hang of it. I feel like I'm staring half the time. I like look at their eyes and then looks around (behind them and stuff). I feel like they think I’m uninterested but like I am interested. I find it hard to make eye contact on both medication and off it. (Idk how any of that sounds lol) Eye contact is something I find very uncomfortable but I don't know why. Or rather I've never known why. So that's an ADHD thing too eh. 
Weird thing is that it's always a person's eyes that attract me first.  For me it isn't so much an issue of being unable to make prolonged eye contact, its being unable to focus on my current thought and statements while making eye contact. Its almost like I have to look around to find my next thought/point, but it isn't excessive. I have just been trying to teach myself to make as much eye contact when I'm not speaking, and try to make contact as much as I can. I’m actually really good at making eye contact when I’m off or on medication. When I’m off medication I make a lot of eye contact and nod so people can’t tell I’m not paying attention to them, because I’m not trying to be rude by not listening, I really want to listen I just can’t.  I didn't used to have trouble with the same thing, but it's been thing recently that has developed.

And I'm 44, WTF? Years before I was diagnosed with ADHD I was told that I had very poor eye contact. Only after my diagnosis a friend told me that eye contact can be one of the characteristics of people with ADHD. My life! I’m not sure how it comes off to other people because my eyes are always darting around. That’s how I finally got put on adderall, my psychiatrist noticed I couldn’t focus on our conversation. Too bad my current doctor doesn’t believe in stims because I’m legit struggling. I keep forgetting to find a new doctor ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  God I hate eye contact.  woah i am like so unable to make eye contact when im not on my meds and i never even considered it could be an adhd thing damn. makes sense tho I just try to avoid direct eye contact by looking at the space between or above peoples eyes
 I sometimes have this problem. My problem is a mix of impostor syndrome. I struggle to make eye contact because its just over stimulating to me, BUT when I'm trying to make eye contact I start worrying I'm doing too much. I told my partner that sometimes it feels like I'm trying to convince people I'm human with my trouble finding the right amount of eye contact to make.  i always find i listen better when not making eye contact when i don’t take adderall if that also makes any sense  This. The weird movements mouths make keep me focused. yep, less distracting. And it’s emotional. Eek. Emotions make thinking harder. YEEEEESSSSS. At first, I was reading your comment like okay this isn't me but I'll read it. But, this?!!? I, too, find it easier to focus/pay attention when I'm not looking into someone's eyes!!  
  
Like, I purposely (after establish eye contact and whatever) look off to the side / let my eyes glaze over so I can *hear* them.  
  Strange. This is cool!! So makes sense. It’s distracting. I’m highly distracted by visual things.  see that makes so much sense but i’ve never thought of it that way. peoples faces through me off so much because i start second guessing myself on where i’m supposed to look and then wondering if they notice that i’m struggling. thank you for your help  Yeah it makes sense, and was one of many little things for me that suddenly made a lot more sense once I found the string that tied them together...

Making eye contact while talking / listening adds a whole load of distractions, like trying to make the right amount of eye contact, forming appropriate expressions, using other body language cues like nodding, self-conscious thoughts about how you appear to the other person given the directness of their attention on you...

I prefer to look down at the ground or something and just focus on one spot so I can listen with full attention. Otherwise I'll be there nodding and smiling like an idiot but only taking in 50% of what they're saying and not being able to think of anything to say in response... I do try to occasionally make eye contact as a reaction to some specific think being said, so at least there is some genuine connection.

edit: I think another aspect is the need for constant stimulation, and it can get boring making eye contact (being constrained to a narrow visual focus on one person). I need to be free to dart my eyes around and look wherever I want just to avoid restlessness, if nothing else. 