My hyper focus is ruining my marriage. I’ve had an incredibly long list of issues related to my ADHD from what I’ve been told by professionals.  The more I understand my ADHD the more I’ve realized how much I think that is true.  I’ve been with my husband for over 16 years and I love him so much.  He is an incredible man and a wonderful father and I just want to be the stable person he’s been for me for so many years.  I went through some major childhood trauma as a kid and many of my ADHD symptoms are intertwined with PTSD symptoms.  I am a recovering alcoholic and bulimic.  I’ve been on ADHD medication for a little over a year or so.  It’s helped me to see a lot of things more clearly...except with some of this clarity also came more confusion.  I think I’m possibly having past trauma resurfacing and it’s causing extreme paranoia.  Or I have reasonable concerns but I can’t stop hyper focusing on them.  Or I don’t have legitimate concerns and I can’t stop hyper focusing on them.  My husband is the person who’s taught me what “normal” is.  He’s always been someone I could talk to about confusing thoughts or things I didn’t understand and he would talk through and explain sensible solutions.  Over 6 months ago I started to question weather or not he is being faithful and I talked to him about it.  At first he was understanding and we talked about it but since then I’ve questioned so many more things I am  definitely driving him crazy an possibly ruining our marriage.  I feel crazy.  I don’t feel like I have a grasp on reality anymore.  I can’t tell what is a legitimate concern or what is a symptom of my past or what I’m wrongfully hyper focusing on.  I just want to turn my brain off.  I want everything to be ok and kiss my husband when he walks in the door and have a happy family.  I have an appt today with a psychologist who has a lot of experience working with people with ADHD.  I feel really relieved I have this appt.  Has anyone ever had a similar experience?  Other than seeing a professional does anyone have any advice dealing with any of these thoughts or feelings or issues?


Update:(?)  So my appt with my psychologist went well.  He seems like a good fit.  I’m going to talk to my psychiatrist about trying antidepressants again.  He recommended and I tried them before but I didn’t give them much of a chance.  I think because I was raised by a mom that was anti medication I still had it in the back of my mind I shouldn’t take antidepressants even though I’ve come to the realization ADHD medication is needed.  It seems possible they will help with some of this OCD behavior.  The way I’m seeing it is, because I’m depressed I often focus on those thoughts obsessively (duh).  And if antidepressants work like I’ve heard they can then I’ll have less of those thoughts or none at all popping into my head continuously like they do now.  So I won’t be able to focus or obsess over them because they won’t be there.  Sheesh, obviously I’m a slow learner or too thick headed or something.  Is this really how this happens?  Do antidepressants actually make you feel happy but still have clarity with your emotions? ....when they work the way they’re supposed to?  I guess I just always assumed they put you in a fog or something.  Not less depressed exactly just numb feelings or something.  I tried Prozac forever ago and it just made me sleep constantly.  The one I tried recently I think was called Effexor or something but I felt nothing and I didn’t give it very long.  

Anyways, I gotta focus on me right?  It’s all I really have control over.

 Are getting any professional help? What medications are you on?

Is it possible the paranoia you experience is a side effect of your medication? When did it all start going down hill?  I am not a doctor, but I would honestly talk to yours about being tested for OCD. I was diagnosed with it at 14, ten years before my ADHD diagnosis, and the two often coexist. What you are describing sounds, to me, more like obsessions than hyper focus. I don't know if you're experiencing any compulsions, but your constant need to talk to your husband about your fears that he is cheating sounds like a compulsion to me.

OCD is a doubt disorder and it makes you question everything, including your own mind, and the trauma of not trusting anything can really take a toll. You say you feel crazy, which is a common feeling among people with OCD. If you are tested positively, know that OCD is extremely treatable. I’m currently taking Vyvance 30 mg for the last year and 1/2.  It’s the only ADHD medication I’ve taken so far.  The paranoia started about 7 months ago.  I was in therapy for 3 years but stopped going a little over a year ago partly due to schedule but also because I felt I was in a really good place mentally at the time and didn’t need to keep going.  I’ve been seeing my psychiatrist since taking the ADHD medication every 4-6weeks.  I talked about my paranoia with him in my most recent visit but hadn’t sooner because it didn’t occur to me it could be a side effect of the medication until around that time.  He said he didn’t think it was related to the medication in that session.  He does recommend I take breaks from the medication every so often which I do every few days.  Today will be my first appt with this psychologist and I’m planning on seeing him as often as he recommends from now on.  I’m assuming it will be every couple of weeks.  My paranoia did remind me of my dad as a kid.  He became addicted to crack when I was 10 possibly sooner and I’m pretty sure he’s still smoking or doing something related to this day although he denies it.  I’m not sure if it could be the medication or possibly some kind of learned behavior or something along those lines.  I know I also hyper focus on things naturally without the medication, having ADHD so it’s hard to tell what’s what honestly.  There are things that would be considered possible red flags that I’ve noticed.  I’m just not sure what a “normal” reaction should be.  Red flags can be something but they can also be nothing and I’m having a hard time figuring out how to set boundaries for myself as well as the people around me.  I don’t want to be abusive with my suspicions.  If nothing is actually going on then I think bringing stuff up often (every few weeks) is abusive.  I also don’t want to be taken advantage of.  I don’t know if it’s me having self esteem issues or self sabotage or real or what. Thank you.  Yes I probably should have mentioned I have also been diagnosed OCD but professionally not much attention has been put to it.  I honestly don’t know much about it other than common knowledge.  Have you been treated for OCD?  What are some of the treatments out there for it? Might be worth taking a longer break from the meds ( under the care of the doctor )

Any drinking or recreational use? Exercise much?

Why do you think Yuit husband is being unfaithful?  Typically it is treated in therapy via cognitive behavior therapy methods, with a lot of success. I have a good amount of control over mine and it doesn’t cripple me like it once did. I do have flare ups, though they’re uncommon and don’t last long.

I would visit some of the following sites at your leisure to extend your personal knowledge: 

https://www.ocdtypes.com/unusual-compulsions.php
https://www.ocduk.org/ocd/types/

r/OCD is pretty good too.

Above all, it creates doubt, fosters it as anxiety, and morphs it into obsessions that you can’t stop thinking about until you’ve performed a certain arbitrary ritual that your OCD has decided is a satisfactory way of making sure things are okay.  No drinking thankfully.  That’s a problem I did have in the past but I know how much that will explode all my problems so no drinking for me.  I try to make it to the gym every week (mainly weights).  I used to jog 5-6 days a week but I was getting too lean and now that my son is bigger it’s harder to manage my time for it anyway.  I would prefer going twice a week but usually only manage once a week to maintain.  The first things I noticed I was able to ignore.  Schedule changes.  Coming home late Saturday’s.  It seemed like the hours didn’t add up but I didn’t write everything down so I wasn’t really keeping close track and I honestly didn’t want to become suspicious like that so I just figured he was doing what he said.  If he took a day off from working extra hours it was more often on days I was coming home late nannying.  We rarely go anywhere together as a family and that bothered me before all this but my brain went back to it as a possible reason.  Like not wanting to spend time with me or not wanting to be seen or something.  Arguments over things that didn’t make sense to me.  Like why is that even making you angry.  Like a wrong turn or wanting to plant a certain flower in the yard.  Also in the past there was a lot of built up credit card debt on a card I don’t have access to.  Also if I would bring up finances he would get incredibly upset.  Then he brought home woman’s size work shirts on 3 separate occasions which he said got mixed up with his stuff at work.  I thought that was strange but still ignored it.  Then there was a couple gps apps that appeared on my phone and they were set so he could see where I was but not so I could see where he was.  He said they were automatically downloaded after updates.  That’s possible but one of them wouldn’t have been from what I looked up.  Then a bunch of technology stuff I don’t understand.  Then when I first talked to him about it he took the next two days off work.  He said it was because I stressed him out.  Which is entirely possible but also seemed strange.  I came home early one of those days and my computer was on and had this google play program up on the screen.  Then more technology stuff I don’t understand.  Then I found a 365 account in his name but with my email as the primary email and his old email linked to it.  He said he has no idea why it’s there but he’s set stuff up for me in the past so maybe it happened that way somehow and what would that really prove anyway.  IDK.  I hate technology.  I kind of want to throw my phone in a river or something.  Technology already made me feel crazy but now it does even more so. Thank you!  That last sentence really makes so much sense.  It really helps me separate the behavior I’ve had that’s OCD from behavior I’ve had that’s hyper focusing.  I think they often go together but I think I get which parts are OCD now.  I’ve definitely had some paralyzing moments in the past and I think it was much more OCD than I realized.  I haven’t gotten stuck in doorways counting or anything that severe but a couple times I remember it seemed close.  A while back we had rats get into our walls.  Gross I know.   Our house was built in 1907 or something so super old and not air tight.  We also have an unfinished storage area downstairs so they got into there as well.  I have a lot of hobbies and supplies for those hobbies all stored down there.  I’m also a Medical Assistant and have always been pretty germ conscious before that as well.  So three separate times I thought I solved the rat problem and began the cycle of disinfecting everything.  Three times!!  I’ve never hated an animal before but now I hate rats.  Anyway, I had a contaminated side and a sterile side and at one point I needed to set a box down or something down that I was working on.  I don’t even remember the exact details anymore but I couldn’t set it down for at least 5 minutes because the clean zone I had placed for it in my brain, there was no space for, no place to set it.  I was actually stuck in this dumb loop for a good 5 minutes.  I don’t remember how I got around it.  I think I just declared it dirty and set it down or something.  IDK.  But that time was definitely OCD not hyper focus.

Anyways, thanks again. Of course \^\_\^ 