I always find myself reading things, only to realise that I forgot to remember what I just read It's like my brain just goes into autopilot - I'm reading but I'm not taking anything in Yeah I felt the same way. Even if I’m in a course or class - I listen and comprehend but nothing sticks. I got on concerta and it made a world a difference.  especially with longer passages, it's like trying to hold water in your cupped hands  I do the same thing, I can’t even read a long text on my cell.  This is super common with ADHD. I struggle with it daily. It’s also how I realized my daughter needed to be seen by a doctor because she said this same thing to me, actually almost verbatim. 
She’s on a low dose of medication now and doing very well now.  :-)  I had to switch to audio books because of this. It doesn't help that my eyes are also sort of lazy and I had to keep moving them around to get them to "un-laze" which distracted me further.  Yeah. I read George R.R. Martins dance of dragons a couple of years back, and i did not see the series until now

Now when i read the book, i had no idea i had ADD

So when i saw the series i figured out that i only had caught one or two essential plots... the rest did not sink in, was like i had read air

Anyways, now that i saw the series i immediatly understood that the writer had changed! 

(While we are on the subject, when something sinks in, it really sinks in) See I wish I had access to medication atm. Living in the UK, everything healthcare-wise is slooow but thankfully after months and months I'm near the finish line. One part of me doesn't want to take 'the easy way out', what I think stems from stigma around medication for mental health, but the other part of me who is really really struggling to stitch everything in my head and my life together knows that some kind of relief would mean the world. Sorry for the long reply haha, just felt like it was needed? Yeah absolutely. Hey, there is absolutely no shame with having a mental illness. It’s almost like, people go to the gym for their health, people diet for their health, hell people receive eyewear for if they’re blind... for their health (and to see obvi). Overall the point I’m trying to make lol is that checking on your mental health with a doctor is for your health. 

And, I always tell myself “hey, if someone can stay sane/perfect mood all the time living in this crazy world being 2018 ... they’re must feel crazy sometimes” 