I got distracted while studying because I saw a section about ADHD in my textbook that looked more interesting than what I actually should be reading. ADHD at its finest #inception  Sometimes when I'm doing well focusing on a task, I will pat myself on the back and think, "you're doing really well good job."  And that will be the thought that derails me. Haha, I did the same thing in the last semester of my degree program. I took a human development course and there was a chapter about ADHD in the book. It took all my will power to not read they chapter until it was time in the class. Sounds about right to me Once I start cleaning my house and by a small miracle the first task is completed in its entirety, I will think: "Dang look how good that looks now!". Then when I attempt to move on to the next task my brain shrugs: "FFS, I have to start this new chore from the beginning".  So it's the feeling of walking through quicksand is what is so daunting for me. My studying earlier got derailed when I had to read a theory developed with the help of someone by the last name of Assman.  

Twice.  

I seriously didn't get much done after that. I was on a roll, too! =[ Same. Usually followed by the "you deserve a reward" impulse. Or reflections on why I am able to focus now, but not at other times. Or what it would be like if I had gills; how deep would I be able to dive, and would my suit be as awesome as Aquaman's, or... Wait... What was I doing? Let's play some video games!  I’ve read so many top posts on the sub and, still, I relate to this the most by far.  Did you really last that long? Impressive. I'd've had it memorized in a week. Yeah, it was a struggle though! It was my last semester so I wanted to stay on top of my work as best I could, so I was pretty "well behaved". It wasn't too hard of a course though, an introductory psychology class. I can see my master's being much harder, I'm planning to enter a counseling program, lots of shiny, interesting topics in those courses.  