New car technology I’m looking into buying a new car soon. I see more and more cars are coming out where the ignition is a key that doesn’t come off and you keep the beeper to open the car in your pocket to turn it on. I don’t know what I’ll do if all cars transition to this technology. I’ve already created so many systems to know where my keys are and a very elaborate routine for when my keys come off of the ignition. I fear this could add a whole new level of bad to my already real problems with my car keys. Any thoughts or ways in which anyone has handled this hurdle? What do you do to not lose your beeper and be on top of it?  Cars which don't require you to put the key in the ignition usually have a hidden "normal" ignition slot, into which you can insert the backup key (usually hidden with in the bleeper), in case the electric system doesn't work. Would that work for you, or would you (like me) simply end up losing the other part of the bleeper??
Sorry, that barely reads like English!!! Hope you understand what I mean??  I have a weird work around at the moment that kills my fear of this. 

Apple Watch to ping my phone if I lose it(even on silent), then a tile beeper thing on my keychain which is activated from my phone. 

We’re car shopping this month also so it’s definitely occurred to me. Hoping it will keep it simpler anyway.  I’m a huge thing-loser, and my transition to keyless ignition has had zero impact. Does your key ritual end up with your keys in the same place where they were when you got in the car? Because with a keyless ignition, they just never leave that place. In my old car, my keys came out of my pocket to start the car, and went back in when I turned it off. Now they just never leave my pocket. My wife’s keys left her bag to start the car, and then went back in. Now, they just stay in her bag. So really, it’s actually one less transition where you could possibly lose track of them. And I haven’t had a car without a keyless entry fob in I think 20 years, so before, I had to keep track of a key *and* a fob. Now, my fob is my key, and it is on my keychain with the other keys I perform ritual dance to avoid losing. It’s less to lose, and less chances to lose it.

And if that’s not encouraging, just remember that you created a ritual that effectively solved this problem once—or at least, it sounds that way. If it’s a new hurdle, you can teach yourself a new ritual. :) If it stayed attached to the beeper, and just pops out I could make it work. As long as I can pull it out, I could make sure the car is turned off. If I get to just walk away without anything in my hand, I might leave the car on at some point.  You can't lock the door if the engine is still switched on, or if the beeper is left in the car. I just leave my keys in my pocket and don't need them at all, so long as the key is within 2 feet of the vehicle the doors will unlock without pressing the beeper, and then I just have to press a start button to turn the ignition on. It's actually helped my adhd more than hindered it.   Sounds pretty good, I think this helps. Your advice makes me think I could also time my purchase around vacation time so I have less things to worry about and can get used to it. But it sounds like it could be something I might adjust to quickly. I’ve gotten out of my car and left it on with the keys on, basically coming back to go somewhere and finding my car on. It’s just a part of life for me, but this is definitely reassuring. Thanks! You're welcome!! Mine is a Nissan if that helps.  