Gene Therapy treatment and ADHD, would you try it? So there are coming up with incredible advancements in genetic engineering techniques thanks to new inventions like CRISPR-CAS9 and the further advancements in computer processing. The cost However for now are prohibitevly expensive, but I'd like to know (since genetic engineering is a contentious topic) would you use the technique to alleviate or potentially cure your ADHD. Would you use it as a method to cure  a loved one of ADHD symptoms. My personal stance on Genetic engineering is positive, I think it's immoral not to use every method at our disposal to ameliorate illness and disorders.  I don't however agree with using gene editing to cosmetically design your baby, we shouldn't implant our own insecurities into the genes of our children and ourselves. What do you guys think? I wouldnt. Not because I have an issue with the therapy, but I think the combination of my treatments is ideal for me. I dont know what I would be like without ADHD, and I have done alright with it. Is that something we know how to do? I would use it if it had been tested and proven to work and be safe. I don't think its worth being the test dummy for it though. I have a good life right now (adhd treatment/medication has helped a lot), so I wouldn't want to risk losing that if there was a chance of me dying or it messing me up worse. Gene therapy for ADHD is only a theoretical possibility at this point, not reality.

Such therapy, if even possible, is likely several decades away from being within the realm of reality.  And the potential risks wouldn't be worth it to me anyway. 

 No problem, I've just found at I have it and to me (probably because I didn't get earlier treatment) it feels like a silent and malignant shadow that's encumbered my life. I can see how some of it can be useful and how people, probably like you, can learn to live with it. But I'd prefer a solution that would extricate it from my life. Thanks for sharing your persepective.  I agree. I think the worst part of ADHD is the comorbidities. If you have anxiety/depression because you have ADHD, then that definitely needs to be treated. However, I feel outside of that ADHD let me to pursue many interests that many NTs don't. I'm much more open to trying new things and I'm never bored because I always have something to do.

If you remove my ADHD completely, I feel that my quirkiness would be impacted as well. Stims help me focus and not get distracted - at let me be more mindful of my actions. Those are positives. But so far it hasn't stifled my creativity nor has it impacted my hobbies (other than letting me pick up and finish some of my forgotten ones).

I would say if there was a surgery or GT that allowed the effectiveness of a stimulant without needing to remember a pill, I'd be for that.  We do gene therapy right now for certain cancers and even Alzheimer's. So it's a technology in it's infancy but will quickly rise to the period of having it's golden age ( in my opinion I think it could happen in as little as a decade), but for ADHD we still don't know all the genes that influence it, so that's still a while away. But the vector in which this technology is headed is a good one. I think disorders, disabilities, and deseases are only troublesome when we don't have ways of treating or curing them. In a couple of decades having ADHD, ASD, or BPD could be seen as troublesome or ecumbering  as having a cold. So far studies on mice have been successful, and let's cross our fingers that the human studies are also effective ( and cheap).
 Gene therapy is FDA approved and is already being used in a clinical setting. it won't take decades and the cost could even be partially subsidized by a single payer healthcare system. You could argue that it's nascent, but it isn't theoretical. Pretty soon we'll be able to  sequence ADHD genes and then eventually change them. Everyone is affected different. I was diagnosed at 31, so not early, but I subconsciously developed things to get me through. It depends on your situation and circusmtances in my opinion. Mine allowed me to take advantage of it, but I totally get how for others that isnt possible.  I know about gene therapy.  

Please site your source about ADHD gene therapy availability.

>*Pretty soon* we'll be able to sequence ADHD genes and then eventually change them.

This is the unknown in the equation, isn't it?  What little I read of one study was that it's only in animal testing, and the mice involved had increased hyperactivity.
 You didn't read my post fully, I never said that they found the ADHD genes. I said pretty soon we'll be able to, the timeline of pretty soon is admittedly quite relative. I've never said that gene therapy for ADHD is currently available.

https://mic.com/articles/138871/gene-therapy-could-be-an-unexpected-treatment-for-adhd


 