Attention while reading This is my biggest obstacle. 

How do you focus and practice your attention? I find I try to read as a practice or fitness of my mind but I end up reading a sentence over and over or a paragraph and get distracted. 

Thoughts? I have to read for about 30 minutes before I even start to  actually read and understand the words, once I get over that hump I get into hyperfocus. But those 30 minutes are really boring and I really feel like quiting but I just kind of struggle through them somehow. I’ve found that holding a 3x5 card under the line I’m reading helps me reduce the blur out mind wandering.   

If it’s a text book, read with a pad. Taking notes as you go, or developing an outline for the content as you read it. 

It is really important t expect the wandering brain, but you can catch yourself a lot quicker if you own it, and forgive yourself in advance. so you can simply return to reading when you realize you’ve wandered off. And you’ll notice faster if you are kind to yourself about the problem.

Of course, meds are a huge help.

Even if it’s pleasure reading do it in the morning. Not at night when your head is tired. 

Be interested! Even if it’s for work/school it REALLY helps if you can decide to be interested in the content. Even learning how your washer/dryer assembly works can be interesting if you can think about it the right way.  And life is full of that kind of reading. the chore of fixing it will take 5 times longer and probably get done incorrectly, if you can’t find it interesting. 



 same, and just get zero for quiz because everything I read never went into my mind
 for me, breaking readings down into smaller chunks helps a ton. i want to find some kind of colored transparent viewer thing to use for highlighting the section i’m on. i remember when i was little my school had these bookmarks with little transparent colored stripes in the center to use as reading trackers and i’d like to find one of those again. i’ve always been an avid reader but i still get lost sometimes. also, ebooks helped me more than i thought because i’m able to change the size and font n all that

another thing that might help is reading out loud, or at least making a conscious effort to like. read it more actively in ur head if that makes sense ? When I’m reading something a bunch of times and don’t know wtf I just read, it is super frustrating and I have progressively negative thoughts about myself—in that state, I am not going to retain information. It sucks because it’s like I’ve just wasted hella time reading something over and over and I just want to read it fast one more time to be done with it, but when I’m that annoyed with myself, it’s not a positive cognitive environment and I recognize I’m not going to learn anything. Taking a short break and closing my eyes for a minute helps, particularly if it has to do with eye strain. It’s good to take a short break after reading a few pages in any case because if you’re reading a lot really fast without a break, it’s not as good for memory as reading a reasonable amount and giving your mind a few moments to try to process what you just read before moving forward. Exercise breaks are also good for ADHD…even if it’s just stretching in your chair or getting up to get water or something.  Moving to the Kindle fixed a lot of my problems with reading. 

Now my problem is spending too much on books.  I've had this issue since childhood.  Reading has always made me anxious because I have to reread sentences, unless it's brief text.  I don't read for fun, except very rarely when a book grabs my attention.  For graduate school, I basically learned to skim read really well and look at the 'important stuff.'  I have issues with engaging in anything I am not very interested in.  Watching Netflix with my boyfriend can be a chore if I am not pulled into the show or movie early on.  This has gotten much worse with age infortunately.  If I take my medication before a movie or a show then all is well.  Kind of sucks, but it is what it is. 