Note taking tips wanted! I’m in high school and we practically always need notes now, but I can’t focus enough to observe new stuff. And I can’t focus on notes when studying back. So I need some tips lmao. One thing that has helped me a lot is the [Cornell note-taking system](http://lsc.cornell.edu/notes.html). I didn't learn this system until I went back to college for my second associate's degree. It seems really counter-intuitive at first, but if you try it out by taking notes from your assigned reading, you can learn how to space things out so if you have to go back to add more, you have the space. You can also add some additional notes like words you had to look up on the cue column. 

In the alternate, if your school will allow it, you may need to see if you can get a recorder so you can record the spoken parts of the lecture. You can playback the recordings, but again, **you will need to see if your school will even allow you to do this**. If you're not allowed to have some sort of voice memo recorder, you may want to try reading your notes out loud.

It's not a quick-fix system, but when I've been allowed to record lectures (if the teacher allows it--things are different at college than high school and also by districts) and used the Cornell note system for taking notes while reading and in class, it's been easier. I have a similar issue with re-reading my notes, but I've had to force myself to do it. 1. Read each paragraph and highlight the primary sentence(s)
2. Write notes, ideas, clarifications in the margins

After you e read the entire work - proceed to step three.

3. Go back over all if your highlighted sentences and margin notes and underline the most important ones. 

4. Add tabs / post-it’s to the pages with super important or critical points that you need to understand. 

This helps me effectively go over the same material 3 or 4 times and ingrain the points in my mind.  Color code using pens and highlighters. Also draw diagrams and graphs. Omg these helped me so much and still do! 