Zoning out while reading is that normal?  Depends how often. I zone out constantly and it takes me twice as long to read something. Sometimes I'll be reading the words on the page, but thinking of something else and have no clue what I just read.  Definitely! I also experience the plain inability to read sometimes. Like I’m seeing the words but my brain doesn’t process any of them. In moments like that I’m forced to give my attention to something else. haha yeah.  Of course it is. I only have to see words on a page and my eyes glaze over.  Yep. Completely normal for me. As a result I read things at a snail's pace, and yet I'm an English lit major at uni. 😂 It's torture sometimes.
If I'm reading a novel, I find reading the text while listening along to the audiobook helps me from zoning out. I do this for books I HAVE to read, but for books I enjoy or that are light I can hyperfocus and guzzle them down in record time.  Yup. Even if I’m interested. It just became normal for me. I’ll jolt out of it, realize what happened, and just start at the beginning again. It became routine, so I don’t really mind it.  i dunno about normal lol but it happens when i'm reading for pleasure. its like missing a scene in a movie, "wait? how did that happen?" then i have to go back and reread a chapter or have to read the whole book twice. I think its my mind trying to multi-think lol like if the main character visits their grandma, im like "when was the last time i saw grandma? shes so cute. i love her so much. im gonna go see her this weekend. wait. i have plans this weekend. what was i supposed to do this weekend? etc...etc..." Yes. I notice I can read for a longer period of time if I have something going on alongside my reading to forcibly draw my focus. So I read very quickly but I'll have an idle game going on right beside me on my phone. The logic is this:

Playing the game forces me to look over every now and then keeping me in the moment and the reading is what I do while I "wait" for the next milestone in the game.

So even though I set out to actually read primarily I do it secondarily to trick my brain into thinking that it is "saving itself from boredom". It is a dumb trick but it keeps me from constantly rehashing over and over and I retain a lot more as well. I have to re-read things constantly I haven't read a book in well over 10 years because I simply can't Yes and it takes me ages to even realise im just reading the words but following something else entirely within my head For us? That is the defacto way to read, yes. Yes i am the same way 
It makes me feel weird sometimes 
Like if I'm in a group reading oh that is the worst 