Non-Medication ADHD Strategies? Looking for tips, advice, etc on surviving ADHD WITHOUT medication. Physical: sleep, exercise, drink lots of water. Matthew Walker recommends 8-9.5 hrs dedicated being in bed to sleep, and getting those hours within basically the same time frame every night. Exercise is shown to improve symptoms almost immediately. 2l of water is a must.

Diet: avoid sugar/carb-binging, high protein is good for satiety and apparently for concentration. Some evidence Zinc and Magnesium supplements help with symptoms. Fish oil is often recommended. Make sure you get enough iron.

Mental: Rejection-Sensitive Dysphoria symptoms and losing control of your attention can be reduced by following stoicism and reading Marcus Aurelius. Just kidding, but CBT draws on this and reading about it/practising it yourself can help. Apparently meditation helps loads too, but I never get myself to engage in it more than once in a blue moon.

These are the 'treatments' you can undertake, I read fairly extensively and these seem pretty standard and effective. I don't do all of them and I need the other kinds of advice as much as you lol Aw man. This is going to have to be customized to your lifestyle.

Generally, incredible discipline, and carefully crafted routines will be the name of the game, but implimenting the routines you need without meds could be a doozy.  Routines generally should feature eating, sleeping, exercising, and working.

A strong support network for advice and direction is also generally helpful.

Dig deep into typical reccomendations when this question comes up on the sub and try them out. [removed] Once in a blue moon is how often I meditate, but it's always a helpful tool when I need a quiet moment in my headspace. *sigh* I have no routines. My life is insane. I travel constantly for work, I have no idea what time I'll be anywhere, much less what continent I'll be on when I'm there. Idk how this is gonna go. :/  [Yay, I remembered!](https://imgur.com/gallery/4cV8j2i)  