what are some apps you use to help with different aspects of your adhd? It can be anything that helps you with some symptom of your adhd at all, I'm just curious if there's good ones (sorry if there's a post like this out there I looked b4 posting I swear)

edit: I mean like apps that help combat adhd symptoms btw! google calendar--  I use it  extensively (it is pinned to my homescreen). 

Google notes-- I keep a running todo list on my homescreen as well. 

Google tasks. I haven't started using it but it also should be fairly helpful. 

I have looked at a couple time management apps dknt remember thier names but something like that might help. I use YouTube a lot. (android)

BlockSite for productivity

Habits for tracking whether or not I took vitamins, wore a retainer, or any other habit I'd like to keep 

Mood Log  for tracking mood

Samsung Health for tracking food, sleep, and exercise

A slew of timers and alarms

OneNote for everything that pops into my head at any given moment I know I definitely won't remember Google Notes (to write everything down)

Alarms (to remind me of appointments, errands, medicine, all the things I write down in notes)

@Voice Aloud and the Read Aloud function on Google books (I actually do my reading for class with these)
 I started using AIO Launcher which I set to give me as minimalistic a home screen as possible. I feel like my symptoms are exacerbated by very busy layouts, so this is nice. It has helped me use useful widgets/apps more because the home screen scrolls up and down. I think this helps because i would get distracted when trying to swipe from one screen to another. 

App blocking apps are also indispensable to me. In addition to having it run during work hours I also have it set to turn on at 10 pm to help me get to bed.  Mainly trello for organising my life. And Google inbox for emails, I'm not sure yet what to do once it's discontinued in April or so. I find reddit to be very useful in calming my down and reading about other people who have the same problems that I do. do you just use it to get rid of boredom or is there something else you use it for in relation to adhd?  do you find you have problems actually using those apps? I always download them but anytime I get notifs from them I ignore it till it becomes annoying then delete them Heavy on the tracking less for managing symptoms and more understanding them that first one sounds so good and thats exactly why ive always leaned more towards apple products they made me less stressed using them bc they were so clean and minimalist (i dont use apple now bc theyre shit) 
I've never heard of app blockers being used for that that's so smart! I'm going to use that thank you what are your favourite subreddits if I may ask? I've only recently begun using reddit more and only follow paranormal and food sr's and those aren't exactly calming haha I have ADD, and I use it to distract myself or help me concentrate on homework for background noise. If that makes sense. Not necessarily for boredom but that’s a benefit I don't know, honestly.
What sticks seems wholly inconsistent. I've tried many times over, this is the first time I've been able to keep it up for more than a few weeks.

I had a really bad experience where I was dissociated for about 24 hours and emerged with a greater appreciation for having a body. I ended up hyper-focusing on self improvement and I have desperately clung to it for as long as I could. I really need it to last.

I'm hoping that exercise, diet, and sleep, are enough to make managing all of my other symptoms easier, but it's only been a few weeks. I'm starting to worry I'm not doing enough, or that it won't be enough and I'll never be functional.

I really don't know. Oh, misread that.  
I don't have too much trouble yet. I'm think if I keep it up for another couple weeks it'll be more natural/become a habit.  
 Funny enough a large reason why I switched to Android is because I saw that my friends could customize their home screens and I learned that apps were less restricted which meant I was able to have things like app blocks. 

Also depending on which appblocker you use, you can set it so you can't cancel the block while it's active! I guess calming isn't really the right word. I use reddit to distract my mind. 

I follow history ones, what is this thing, mapporn, natureporn, etc. Basically just things that interest me and act to distract my mind for a few mins.

There's always the porn side as well.  Do you use actual videos for background noise or just music bc anytime I'm on youtube and there's a video on I hyperfocus for hours n end up watching some weird shit till 2 am Sorry to make you doubt yourself omg I really wish you luck, maybe something that will help make it stick is creating a permanent checklist for your day with those apps/different things on it? I'm complete shit at routine but at work the only thing that's made me actually be able to keep the job is there's a small nightly checklist that stays the same every night that I have to check off, that way I don't have to remember to write it up again and it makes the part of me that's a completionist angry if I don't finish it What app blocker do you use?  I use actual videos, or podcasts!! Podcasts are pretty helpful. Also, idk if you like ASMR cause it’s not for everyone but it relaxes the hell out of me.  No worries!

That's actually what I use Habit for, it's really handy for exactly that - just one persistent, daily checklist

Edit: habits*, it's a blue circle with a white recursive arrow  wow congrats on being able to listen to podcasts, I've been trying to listen to the adventure zone for 2 years now but I always zone out immediately even when trying really hard to focus Oh dang man I’m sorry :( I listen H3H3 podcasts or I watch like crime videos where they talk about stories so it’s stuff that will usually help me focus but It has to be good or I won’t be able to focus either. 