How to get better at storytelling or explaining something? Basically, when I'm telling a story my mind goes all over the place and I want to insert a lot of pointless details. I feel like my mind thinks in terms of a mindmap and not linear like typical people. So I guess that's why I sometimes can't tell a fluent story. How could it be improved you think? I find that it helps to envision a timeline, and know important plot points that you will mention. I usually have a picture of the timeline scrolling past as the story goes. If you find your self “mind-mapping” the story, try reminding yourself that the color of your clowns’ wigs and costumes were not important on the day that you went to the circus :).  Join a local toastmasters group! It will change everything  Join a local toastmasters group! It will change everything  Would also like to hear some good strategies for this. I'm "the" expert on some software my company uses and I get so flustered trying to explain how it works to my boss. I have this problem too. At work, we have a twice weekly "standup" meeting, where we talk briefly about our current projects. I always seem to over or under share. One time, my manager told me I shouldn't be sharing as many technical details. The beauty of a mind flying a million miles per hour is that practice and good inspiration can turn that into subtraction or filtering points instead of addition points. Not just reading Hemingway, but reading about how process of whittling down his stories as much as possible really changed my way or writing, teaching, and story-telling. I have a hyper vivid memory, so details that I picked up are easily thrown into the general narrative; but running those filters of “is this necessary for understanding,” helps A LOT. 

Also, using a thesaurus while you read can be wonderful. There are many words that bring a whole lot of connotation, saving you wordiness, and also giving people further imagery. Sorry about the late comment (you know how these things happen…), but I think this is an important issue.

TL;DR

Wandering mind is curse but has some rare upsides too. Not knowing how much detail and what detail to extract and communicate can be practiced by: having someone to help you with structure of thinking, practicing with mind maps (topic maps), practicing by taking notes what is being said and structuring them.

The long version:

I've been bad explaining things through my life. Noticed it my self, commented by peers and colleagues, now see this in my oldest child (and getting frustrated by it).

I feel that the reason for wandering stories is what you already mentioned. I don't have headlines or broader categories for my memories. No set prioritisation but the information get weighted depending on the context. It is all just bunch of details and I feel that I need to go through of all of the associative nodes to explain the things. Audience usually does not feel that way.

Weakness of pre-defined prioritisation is on the other hand a **strength** because the info is available for new connections. Opportunity for new points of view or applications.

I've found that I can easily skip too much context and no one gets what I try to say. Or provide too much context and try to walk people through my thinking (imagine that bored or anxious audience).

Here are some things that I feel have helped:

1. Colleagues who are more or less knowingly helping me to formalise what I want to say by willing to stand the fuzzy dialog and re-wording what I think. I guess they put up with this since they expect me to have an useful point. Going through a process like this has helped me to learn to regulate thinking a bit better even by my self. (One form of practice I guess).
2. Having someone trusted & safe around to regulate emotions and energy helps in general. This is invaluable.
3. Mind maps. I hate them, because they can't capture the complexity of things. But mind maps (or rather topic maps – same thing but without the central topic, allows more flexibility). Putting thinking on a topic map helps to weed out the things that really interest me on the thing I'm thinking.
4. Constantly making notes of what is being said. Do them post it sized, forcing you to break from one fuzzy flow and enabling to kill & forget stuff that was not central. I think this has helped me to apply same kind of process to my own thinking.
5. David Rock's guides for discussion from _Quiet Leadership_ - specially _permission,_ _placement,_ _questions,_ _clarifying_ -loop. Practice. This x100 