ADHD and reading and how to keep interested?? Hello there. 
I’ve been wondering for quite some time, if I’m alone or not on this one. 
I LOVE stories whether it is in video games, movies or tv shows. But I fell like I’m missing out on some very great stories told in books. In total, I’ve read about 3 books in my life in total (I’m 24) all because of school assignments. I’ve really tried to read something that truly interests me, but to no luck. Do you guys have any advice or something that can help me to stick to a book, and really lose myself in its stories?? 
Thanks for the read, and have a nice day Hello! I'm a bookworm with ADHD. Weird combo i know. But my secret is that when i read i imagine everything. When i read and get realllllyyyyy into it i stop seeing the pages and watch the story unfold in my head. I hear their voices and smell the environment. While you may not be able to do this, there are probably things that you're really good at. For me it's visualizing things and being spatially oriented. So i build the world in my head and visualize what's happening. Find out what you're good at and figure out how to apply it to books. If you're good at absorbing information quickly get into speed reading. If you make connections quickly try to predict the plot or twist. Reading books isn't just about reading, its about experiencing a story in a way that resonates with you. Personally i read a lot of fantasy books, i like visualizing the characters, beasts, landscapes, and magic. Hope my ramblings have helped.  I always want to read the story’s on r/nosleep but can never keep myself focused on it. It’s definitely annoying because I know there is so many good books and stories that I have started and never finished.  Have you tried reading manga or graphic novels? I find these much easier to focus on. They are also quite quick to read. Other than that I stick to young adult because I can't understand and focus on the language used in adult fiction. I started reading more by reading the book of a film or tv show I have already seen as it helps if i already know the story. I have also read many of the assassins creed books as I have played the games. This is great. Thankyou!  I find it far easier to read some r/nosleep than a book. But if they are to long, I skip them though  I’ve read the first game of thrones book. I’ve bought the second one, and it’s just collecting dust. And I’ve seen the tv show. Maybe it’s the opposite for me, to read something I haven’t seen on the big or small screen before. I love mangas though, but it’s hard to find in Denmark. Haven’t seen many mangas in a long time. Idk man. But thanks for the input. I appreciate it.  You might try manga apps. Tachiyomi, manga rock, and manga master are all good apps that allow you to search for manga and suggest related ones. It's really convenient to have on your phone. Ah fair enough. I find it hard to follow things (cuz I'm usually only half paying attention). Most of my manga I get 2nd hand on Amazon marketplace. It's much easier to find than back some years "before it was cool". 