Is ADHD a binary you do/don't have it disorder or a measurement of function with an arbitrary cutoff? The research I'm reading points towards the latter. It's kind of disturbing. My friend was recently diagnosed. I've been doing a lot of research into ADHD, and the implications are disturbing. Am I reading into this right? There's shades of grey to executive functioning, task memory, which are almost directly proportional to how much a person struggles in "everyday life"? And it's almost entirely genetic? And there's a number of mutations involved you can have which can affect you but not enough for a full diagnosis?

It sounds like the "doorway effect" but every time your attention sees a new potential task or subject. Instead of subconciously filtering by the priorities imposed by your free will, it hits you with a "doorway effect" and automatically filters by novelty. Then you have to consciously fight not to be going through each step in your day blind to your future situation.

Is this right? I'm pretty sure my grandfather had this problem. So something I’ve struggled with since being diagnosed is “knowing what normal feels like”. My fiancé has always wondered why I was so forgetful or why I studied as much as her but under preformed. Well in my mind, while I read a paragraph, I’m also thinking what I have to do today, what the guy in lab said, remembering to call my mother back, while also telling myself to “focus you have to lean this stuff!” I tend to juggle multiple conversations with myself subconsciously and it tends to “cloud” my mind.  "Disturbing". Really dude?  So you have green, and you have blue. And in the middle you have like, shades of teal. And a lot of arguments about whether they're a bluey green or a greeny blue or another shade altogether.

But at some point along the gradient, it becomes less accurate to say it's blue of any stripe, and only accurate to say it's a shade of green. Much of diagnosis, particularly in mental health, is like this. There's a whole bunch of stuff that's irrelevant (blue) and a whole bunch of stuff that's subclinical (teal) but there's a point where you say "yup, this is Officially The Thing" (shades of green).

Not sure why that's disturbing to be perfectly honest. There is a cut off to diagnosis it yes.

There is also a cut off to diagnosis depression.

ADHD tends to be an extreme version of issues everyone deals with in a much smaller amount. Think of depression, you can be sad and not have depression. The majority of all mental illnesses say something like x must be a thing with x number of critia, that effect daily life and have no other medical cause (ie no poor memory from head injuries) in ADHDs cause it also says since childhood. 

ADHD is caused ~~to the best of my poor knowledge~~ by an issue with your neruotransmitters, everyone has the occasional glitch but we basically have like 4 and you have 400. So while 'everyone has issues focusing' is true you got an army to focus and we have a god damn bickering garage band. 

>  And it's almost entirely genetic? 

We don't 100% know but there's heavy evidence to it having genetic ties. Someone explained how it's not 100% generic but for casual conversation it basically is on here before. I should find that post.

> It sounds like the "doorway effect" but every time your attention sees a new potential task or subject.

I know you mean well but that strikes me as mildly insulting and I can't put my finger on why. 

I think it's because you sound like your approaching it from a single thought at once place. Or that outside distractiblity is the issue. It's not. Our brains can distract ourselves. 

> Then you have to consciously fight not to be going through each step in your day blind to your future situation. 

This wording also makes me angry.

> I'm pretty sure my grandfather had this problem.

As for your (late?) Grandfather none of us can know but could be many issues, from ADHD to memory lost to age related congitive decline... All I can tell you is since I was a child I feel like I have Alzheimer's, adhd fucking sucks.  