Imposter syndrome I was diagnosed just over a year ago (aged 43), and like many others it sounds like here, I still struggle to accept my diagnosis.

So many of the ADHD traits I've read about are totally me - the constant search for a way out of the task in hand, the hyper-focus on other things where I just can't pull myself away, the RSD and how it's affected my social connectivity and work prospects, forgetting where I've left things, the inability to make choices, the overwhelm of a million half-finished tasks, the frustration of a life lived below potential.

But the thing I don't have, which makes me question if I'm a fraud, is that I have no problem holding my concentration when talking to someone, or watching a movie, or getting myself out of the door in the morning. Well, I have to make a real effort to make sure I've remembered everything (not always successful), but I'm certainly no car-crash like many strugglers here. I have no urge to blurt out things indiscriminately, and I feel like my mind is a fairly calm place.

I understand we are all on a scale of "disability", but some of these traits I regard as fundamental to ADD, and missing them gives me serious imposter syndrome.

Can anyone else relate? I think a lot of people who get diagnosed later get imposter syndrome about it.  We build up years and years of the idea that the things we can't do are just down to laziness, lack of willpower, or disorganization that we simply aren't trying hard enough to fix.  Then we find out there's a chemical imbalance in our brains that is making it genuinely harder for us to do these things, and suddenly it all makes sense!  Except those pathways we built up are still there, and still sneak nasty thoughts into our heads.

Everyone with ADHD has their own set of symptoms.  You have to check off a certain number of symptoms to get a diagnosis, but not having all of them doesn't mean the diagnosis is fake.  I have no trouble talking to people when I find the conversation interesting, and tend not to have to talk to people about boring things too often or for long periods of time in my job or life.  I also usually have no problem watching movies, because I pick movies I have a decent expectation of enjoying.  If I don't like the movie, I usually turn it off and find something else to do.  I was also great at reading as a child, because I could hyperfocus all day on novels.  It was very common to see me walking around literally anywhere with a book in hand, oblivious to the world.  When I'm excited about my work or looking forward to something in my day, it's also much easier to get out of bed and get started on my day.

In spite of these less common traits, I still have ADHD.  I'm totally disorganized, have a terrible time paying attention to things I'm not interested in, find my mind wandering if I have to listen to a dull lecture or read a text book or unexciting academic paper, and have a pretty crappy short term memory, to list a few things off the top of my head.

If the diagnosis, plus meds and/or therapy, helps to improve your quality of life, then that's a good thing!  You could wonder all day if you're really ADHD, but if your life improves with treatment then it's a solid bet you had enough symptoms to classify. I feel like an imposter all the time. ..but having said that my mood has been so much better and more stable since starting meds so I wonder if the constant coping through all my struggles was just one extra layer of stress in my life I didn’t even realize.  Or didn’t realize the extent of the impact. So I made it 38 years and I did ok...but could I have enjoyed that a bit more if it didn’t feel like such a grind? Also diagnosed late, and I totally hear you. (I was one of those good-grades, always-reading kids too.) One thing I always return to is that on *stimulants* I am *calmer.* I don’t think that would happen if there wasn’t an actual chemical deficit going on in my brain. 

ADHD is a multifaceted disorder. You don’t have to have every single one of the symptoms.  Oh god yes. Going on a month since my diagnosis and starting on Adderall. I've found that if I'm really having doubts about the diagnosis, I can just skip my medicine and remember how hard it is to function without it. Actually just did that yesterday and was super stressed out all day because I couldn't think just one thing. Since I can't physically talk fast enough to keep up, I usually get very quiet--I hardly said a word to my partner for about 5 hours, which made me feel bad. I did the "what am i forgetting" circle in my living room about six times trying to get ready to leave.

Today I took my medicine and went to work and greatly enjoyed being interrupted on tasks *then going right back to them* instead of spending five minutes trying to remember what I'm supposed to be doing.  I can relate. Age 33 here also recently diagnosed. I thought I felt calm before the meds, but after I started on meds it was a huge paradigm shift. I didn't even think I was impulsive/impatient until I started on meds and there were gaps between doses. It's almost like when you buy a new car and then you see that same car everywhere? It's kind of like that. 

I think the thing that really proved to me is that I've had "Go set a Watchman" on my bookshelf since it came out. I've tried to read it like 3-4 times, every time I'd drift off or just stop reading mid-page because it no longer held my interest. When I started meds, I was able to finish the book - and not in some sort of hyperfocus craze. Like a normal person, sipping coffee, reading for like maybe an hour - putting it down - and picking it up the next day when I had time. I finished it in a couple of weeks - mainly because I was on a low dose - but still.

I think the issue is that when you get to our age, you tend to build walls and keep yourself in your comfort zone. While in your comfort zone, you are fine. Society might find you a little off and things outside your comfort are unbearable, but you can get along fine. 

&#x200B;

PS: I'd ask a close friend or spouse about the blurting out things. I didn't think I did that either but my wife had a different opinion on that. Good to hear. Yeah I also subscribe to the "if the diagnosis + meds help your quality of life then it's all good" take on it. But then my imposter syndrome kicks in with "well stimulants help neurotypical people too, so maybe you're just one of them!". But yeah I guess you have to come to a point where you stop worrying about it and just get on with life. Stop taking your stims for a month. That confirmed the diagnosis I received. Yes I can totally relate to the frustration of not coping, it does grind you down. I wish I didn't have to take them, I find my mood more up and down on them, but my days are certainly a lot easier and my evening are less filled with self-hatred! Thanks, good to hear. Good point - yes the different between medicated and unmedicated days are quite stark.  