Used to be skeptical of this subreddit, now I would like to thank everyone for it It's insane how much I am able to relate with other people's posts here recently.

It seems I have gained more selfawarnees of myself and feel more connected to this thread. I was able to relate to a lot of what was being written but I would convince myself that my case of adhd was just not as bad as others.

Man was I wrong. Thank you all for being part of this subreddit. I completely wrote off my therapist when she suggested I was ADHD. "There's no way". Mostly because there's this image of hyperactive kids or misbehaving teens when people picture ADHD. Did well in school, never got in trouble, etc. 

Then I go home and start looking into it. Reading all of the signs and symptoms. Seeing all of these negative traits about myself I thought was just my personality suddenly were a disorder. Reading posts here and articles about it. I went to sleep basically knowing there was a 1%> chance I wasn't ADHD. 

Psychiatrist was sure I was as well. Now I'm on meds. The first few days of realizing I was ADHD I was so happy I was almost crying. I wasn't just lazy and careless and unmotivated. 

Only a week on my meds. I'm hoping it works out.  The beauty of this sub is that you can always find something or someone to relate too. I didn't think ADHD was even a thing.  I was a doubter.  I almost completely destroyed my marriage because of my impulsivity.  We ended up in marriage counseling and the counselor, after a few sessions, asked if I'd ever been diagnosed with or knew anything about ADHD.  I told her that I didn't think it was a thing.  I went to a doctor because anything that would help repair my relationship was worth a shot.  I was extremely high on the scale.  I started reading whatever I could and began realizing how my brain works and just how ADHD I am.  
I'm older and there's been a lot of regret to deal with as I look back on my choices and what could've been.  It's been challenging coming to terms with a LOT of things...
But one thing I've been grateful for is this community.
There's a LOT of wonderful people and info in here that have taught and encouraged me more than anywhere else.
It's meant a lot to have that available to me as I continue learning, stumbling and getting out of my own way.
 I was in such heavy denial over my ADHD during middle/high school. Stopped taking meds and refused accommodations out of pride. First year of college wrecked that for me. Now I'm on meds and LOVING the extra time and privacy I get on exams. Also talking with my psychiatrist about counseling. I feel the same when it comes to reading posts, actually posting I often feel ignored haha, but then I guess I'm usually asking about something or posting at weird times  Its a great sub thats shows people that we are not the only ones! I always associated ADHD with being stupid - like if I was smart enough I could get over it. I convinced myself for a long time that I was clinically depressed and if I could fix that I would be able to focus and finish things and be reliable. 

I finally accepted the ADHD and treated it. Now, my depression is gone! And I do still have issues with feeling stupid, but I no longer think ADHD = being dumb. I’m happy that it’s a genuine sub.  Initially, I was cynical and thought it would be a troll factory.  I’m happy to have been wrong. of all the subs I follow, I feel most comfortable posting/responding in this one. you guys get it. you get me. finally.  Please don’t get mad at me but most of the time I just try to scroll really fast to not start reading the posts when they pop up on my feed. I don’t want to unsubscribe because I do relate to pretty much everything posted here. But honestly it’s depressing. Reading about other people suffering the same ways I have and being treated horribly... or even how excited some people get for the simplest accomplishments. It just makes me so frustrated and sad. I’m so glad this sub helped you tho!  [removed] The kid always shouting and throwing chairs across the classroom, with parents who don't discipline it, and actually it's just an excuse for too many videogames and foods with e-numbers in them.

Yes, I had this steriotype in mind also. This was my husband's experience. He was diagnosed as a kid but I still had to convince him it was real and he wasn't just lazy or a bad person. Good luck with managing your medications! Wow. I don’t know how to quote from mobile, but I strongly relate to the part about almost crying.

I had just come off a sub 2.0 GPA semester and the diagnosis came with a huge sigh of relief. It felt good to know that it wasn’t all my fault and that I wasn’t destined to fail.

Now, one year later, I’m doing great in school and am close to graduating. Also close to getting a full time offer at a great PE firm in NYC. 

I wish you the best! It really does get better.  This is my situation too. This subreddit made me realize ADHD can come out in other ways than just hyperactivity. Grats :) I'm glad you looked into it and are working on yourself.

I have one warning about the meds.

If you take a stimulant (vyvanse, ritalin, etc) and find yourself clenching your jaw, being too stressed, not sleeping well, more anxious than before, lower your dose immediately.

You will be fine if you stop taking it. Sure you'll be a bit tired, but you won't be fine if you keep taking it and get so anxious you break down and need to quit work for a while or school. You just described my recent discovery/realization. Reading up on it and seeing all of these negative traits about myself I thought was just my personality were suddenly a disorder.

&#x200B;

It's such a scary feeling/realization. It's like,...these traits hurt you so much, but are a part of who you are...but now they're a part of something else that's a problem for you. You start solving that problem and those start clearing up...then who are you now? I'm not on meds yet, but I'm so scared of what that person will be. I'm in a similar boat. Scheduled an appointment a month out to get a diagnosis. For me, I did well enough in school to get through a Master's degree, so I figured there's no way I could have ADHD. So, I just blamed my tendency to space out in conversations, lose things, and totally lack organization and planning on a task as a part of a shitty personality and bad habits I was too weak to overcome.

I'm very eager to hear what the psychiatrist has to say. I have been on my meds for a year now. And how has my life changed for better. All the best to you and your journey. This was almost exactly my experience three years ago, at the age of 28.

Then for me, at around the 1.5 year mark, I started getting a little frustrated. That was when I started realizing that there are certain parts of ADHD that no amount of medicine or therapy can eliminate. For me, mostly memory related issues, organization issues, etc.

I had tricked myself into believing that the medicine and therapy would "cure" me. Of course, there's no cure. So then I had another year of learning to accept the parts of me that I can't change. When I was first diagnosed I was believing that I would just sort of jettison the ADHD parts of me after enough treatment. So when I realized that wasn't going to happen, I had a lot of work to do to learn how to love the very parts of myself I had spent 18 months trying to eliminate.

Now that I'm three years in, I feel like I've struck a good balance. I'm much better about not letting myself get angry when I have an ADHD moment, and I've learned how to live with it rather than expecting to become "normal" one day.

I say this just so you can have some idea of what to potentially expect as you keep going with treatment. Perhaps if you anticipate the sort of things I mentioned, they won't hit you as hard emotionally as they hit me.  Not all hyperactive people have a.d.d. And not all a.d.d people are necessarily hyperactive. For sure. Even just simple organization tips are very helpful Which is honestly the opposite of my daily life.  It is so hard to feel understood :( Same here. I'm also older and didn't get diagnosed until my early 40s.  Amen. My life has gotten A LOT better over the last couple of months in correlation to learning from this subreddit and the resources posted on here.

One resource changed my life more than anything else (on par or even more than my meds), The Life Changing Magic of Tidying by Kon Marie That's good! I can't really afford it right now but I have done it in the past and it helps a lot when you find the person you click with  My posts get ignored too! You aren’t alone! I’ve made two posts in last fewer days, first one was ignored, 2nd one I only got one comment and that person wasn’t contributing anything insightful, just being a total jerk while misinterpreting my post altogether. Hey, I try to respond to as many posts as I can. I too have posted, it's organic. Some days people will respond and some days it's more quiet.

It's ok!! Your still part of a great community. 

Keep posting, learning, reading and growing. I honestly believe that's what communicating with others is all about. Bear in mind that if you sort by new (gasp!) you'll find that someone posts like every 10 minutes here. I find it kind of symbolic that this sub seems to have a much higher new to hot ratio than other subs. I've posted some weird shit here before. Lol and it's very normal to get little activity on posts! A lot of times I see something when I shouldn't be on Reddit and/or am looking through it very quickly and want to respond or say something but save it in the save inbox I've never opened hahah, and forget about it.

Also I usually see what someone else has written for me and feel like I don't need to say anything additional.  Yes. Dude my depression and anxiety went away after a week of treatment! Not 100% but tremendously reduced. 

Now after 3 years of being medicated and learning more about myself. I have totally beaten depression and face what I would say is "normal" life anxiety about big things or unanticipated circumstances. That's what's up. Listen to your gut! If it isn't for you at the moment, let it be that way. Heck, unsubscribe! Come back and check it out later.

It's also okay not to agree with all the posts! Just try not to label yourself and others as pathetic. We all have challenges and unique circumstances. Cormobidity also plays a part. First off, nobody in here is getting prescribed methamphetamine.

It's also not on us to decide if someone has ADHD. That's between their doctor and them to figure out. If people are being prescribed meds that they don't need, all that does is minimize awareness of the issues those of us who do have the condition go through. 

There are quite a few folks on here with experience of stopping meds or trying other treatment options and their results vary. Some go back on them, others find something else that works for them. I have never heard of someone developing lasting depression as a result of a physical adaptation to meds. Withdrawals can happen (as they can with many kinds of medications) but are often overcome. I regularly take breaks from my meds and don't have any noticable withdrawals at all. All I notice is that my focus becomes shit, my mind races, I emotionally withdraw from others around me and I start buying shit or making decisions without considering the consequences or expense. You know, the reasons I take my meds in the first place. Honestly, I don’t know what to say.  I’m one hand I can see your point but on the other I don’t see what solutions exist for people like myself.  I was diagnosed in middle school but refused to believe it or take any medicine.  I barely graduated high school.  It wasn’t until I was trying to better myself post high school that I had to confront the reality that I was trying to learn but failing to retain it.  At 20-21, this failure to adapt began to bleed into other facets of every day life.  I became overwhelmed and unable to with the growing complexity of life.  Went to therapy for years to no avail.  Tried changing my diet, tried to improve my sleeping habits, tried looking into health reasons which could explain my problems with energy and anxiety.  Inevitably, my options were reduced to finally accepting that whether ADD was real or not, my personal arrow of progression was not leading to a good place & I lacked “something” needed to fix it.  I’m now 36, and I still go to an ADD specialist every 3 months.  I have a good job, a loving family and yes, if I stopped taking medicine, I’d be in some serious trouble.  Not purely because of the effects of medication withdrawal but because something in my brain doesn’t work right & I lack the ability to fix it.

I will definitely acknowledge that it is terrifying to live with the realization that a foreign substance is needed to make me a functional person.  
 Where do you go to get your prescription methamphetamines? It's also sad because it means the kids who aren't hyperactive get overlooked (like me). I can't complain too much because I did really really well in school. But home life was hard because my parents were always frustrated I was so lazy and forgetful and careless. The minute my test results came in and my diagnosis was delivered to me, I felt like the weight of two huge shoulders were lifted off of my shoulders.  This is GREAT advice. Also look into straterra! I love that drug.  Well yeah ADD is usually put as a subset of ADHD.  *hit save*

Never open it again.  Same! I have to come on here whenever I do something silly like say something embarrassing or forget an appointment or leave my phone in the fridge lol. That feeling alone is one of the biggest helps of this sub for me. I feel you there friend <3 Same. Late 40s.  While I've had an incredible and amazing life, after I learned about how my brain operates...I often wonder what it COULD have been.  It's a tough transition to go from being oblivious to it to becoming acutely aware of it.  
It's been something I wish I knew about when I was a kid.  All of the things I intended to happen...but couldn't make happen...thought I was a complete failure...
But now I understand it's not me...it's my wiring...
And I'm rewiring myself for a much, much better future. Thanks for the suggestion!  I'll be buying it next week! Thanks dude. God bless! This. Thank you so much! I really needed to hear that. 

I’ve taken to commenting on other threads here and finding it a delightful, wholesome community to talk to. It’s amazing to talk to others who just “get” what you’re going through. Hahah  That’s awesome! I still struggle a bit with anxiety but I think that’s due to my issues with perfectionism and the adhd. It was amazing to me how much “lighter” I felt and how much easier things were after treating the adhd :) I do agree with all the posts! Hell I see myself in most of them. I just wish there was more of “xyz really helped me out” and stuff. I in no way think anyone is pathetic, including myself. It’s just I see so many posts about society treating learning/mental disabilities badly, medications having nasty side effects, etc. And I feel so frustrated and helpless 🤷🏻‍♀️ idk. My feed will be like cat, cat, cat, random entertaining thing and then bam “I don’t know how I’ll graduate hs with adhd”. And it makes me so sad. Not to say people shouldn’t share that on the sub I just wish there were more positive stories and helpful tips or something? Sometime I see those so I stay subscribed  Awesome reply!! I agree!!! Desoxyn is methamphetamine. Not a first line drug but still. THIS!!! 

Oh my gosh, I was thinking of posting a long rambling talk about how I too spent decades and mountains of money on every known supplement, diet, excercise, self help book knowing that that "something" was missing.

It was juuuust outside of my hands. I mean I alllllllways knew somthing was missing in my brain. I just thought I need to try this next next thing. 

Then came the internet, hours of scouring (sp?) the webs, the inner webs, for insight. Years of lurking on Reddit. Reading and seeing posts for this subreddit. After a few months in therapy and just really looking at the totality of my life, the opportunities I had, the loving well meaning parents, church community, hit all my benchmarks ( thanks to stern parents ) grade school, high school, undergrad, grad school ( law) and then the biggest crash.

That crash was very familiar to me, seen it several times during adolescence..hmmm..started seeing other comments similar..alll were on ADHD subreddit. Hmmm, the pieces started to fall into place.

Had a wonderful general practitioner for a physician who was an active listener, received referral - yay!

Appt in December.

Looking forward to my own personal answers. 

\>>> to those naysayers concerning medication, most wise people understand best practices. Meaning - it's the winners who turn inward to find out what they can monitor and repair in order to get the best use of their time here on earth. Winners will do the hard work on the inside to acheive!!

So yes, I am looking forward to medication, working with my therapist, enjoying my marriage with this supportive partner, and having a wonderful life!

&#x200B; Do you mean methylphenidate(a.k.a Ritalin?After, proper diagnosis from a mid level provider and/or physician. Take Rx to local pharmacy that you can afford/accepts your insurance.

If, you're asking for a "hook up" or ways to game a diagnostic assessment for a Rx, kindly piss off.  I identify. I had absolutely no executive functioning as a teenager. I found time management and doing homework impossible. The only way I got through Sixth Form was getting myself into a state where I thought only about my work, and of course got straight As.

Do your parents understand now? Too real. I actually am thinking of buying reddit gold so I can sort my saves by subreddit for when I'm suddenly into maps for a day and can see all my map porn saved posts or whatever.  This is too real  Lmao. Exactly this. All the best to you! No problem.

You can watch her YouTube videos as well and listen to it on Audible  Oh Lord, perfectionism haha. I deal with the same issue still honestly. Like if something is open ended or needs to be figured out I constantly think about it and think through all of the outcomes. Or if someone I care about was bothered by something I did I over think it. 

I would say that I have become much better at quieting myself though and preventing these things from happening. Mainly from getting rid of what doesn't bring me joy in life and focusing on the things that do (Kon Marie method) and the meds/exersice. I even stopped caring about my receding hairline! 


 Good to know, I personally have never encountered anyone online or otherwise who has admitted to using it. I am just used to people equating Adderall with Crystal meth and it seemed like thats what OP's (now deleted) post was trying to do. Essentially equating responsible stimulant treatment with drug abuse or addiction.
But I'll try not to paint with as wide of a brush in the future. HELL YEAH!   No lol. I was sarcastically responding to the OP.  My dad was diagnosed a few years ago. 

Part of me getting diagnosed was I sent my mom a list of symptoms ADHD in girls. She sent it back with 15/20 checked and the note "I wish I had known". So yeah. She feels bad. haha Maps are great Thank you! Same to you! The one thing I have “given up” of my perfectionism is shaving my legs every day lol. If I go out in shorts with a bit of hair on my legs it doesn’t bug me. But man if I did that a few years ago I would have gone straight home out of shame and shaved my legs lol. I mean a little bit of hair! It’s because my mom would always point out when my legs were hairy as a kid.

I will need to look into this Kon Marie method! It sounds interesting. Noted. Apologies for assuming drug seeking behavior.  One of my favorite maps is this [map](http://metromap.fr/en) of the Parisian Metro.  The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying: The Japanese Art https://g.co/kgs/2oYZ66  It’s ok. It didn’t occur to me my question totally sounded like I was looking for drugs. I thought of a lot of other things to write, but that’s what i actually wrote and posted. Because anyone who comes on an ADHD forum and talks about “all of you going to get your methamphetamines” or whatever OP said, is either a troll or a moron. Lol.  It seems that your comment contains 1 or more links that are hard to tap for mobile users. 
I will extend those so they're easier for our sausage fingers to click!


[Here is link number 1](http://metromap.fr/en) - Previous text "map"



----
^Please ^PM ^/u/eganwall ^with ^issues ^or ^feedback! ^| ^[Delete](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=FatFingerHelperBot&subject=delete&message=delete%20e5ghj30)
 