I wish i could get myself to read, to even focus long enough to finish a sentence before drifting off in thought. Otherwise it just fills me with anger and the urge to shake off this build-up of energy I wish I was doing more productive things in life because at this moment I feel like I'm just wasting away. 

All I can do is waste time playing games and watching stuff on YouTube or movies. I bought countless of books which I have started reading but never finished a single one. In some, I didn't even get to second page. 

I don't know how meds are gonna help, I hope they do, but I cannot imagine how a small pill can help me read. It seems abstract if I'm honest. But then again, so is ADHD.  I don’t have any solutions but I totally feel this. I miss reading. I do audiobooks, and I am able to get through them. I listen to them when I am doing menial chores like folding laundry and washing dishes. I am definitely reading and retaining more that I read after starting Adderall. I've been on and off of it (trying to maintain sustained low tolerance with work/school). It usually takes a week or two for it to start working properly, but I have noticed an improvement.  *I will say that it's not gonna help you power read a book in two hours, but it is much easier. If you do start taking it - make sure to eat!! I've been "reading" about 6 books concurrently that I've been working on for anywhere from a year to three years. I have always struggled trying to stay focused reading. Mind wanders, have to go back and re-read, mind wanders, re-read.. etc.. Started 20 mg Adderall XR this morning. I read 15% of a book I've been reading for over a year. I took me a year to read half the book and this afternoon I read 15% of it. No thoughts getting in the way, didn't get distracted by the TV in the background. Only had to reread one paragraph the whole time. The words just went from the page into my brain. It didn't even feel like reading at least the experience of "reading" as I've known my whole life. 