I Hate RSD Rejection Sensitive Dysphoria is probably the worst thing I have to deal with regarding my ADHD, especially being in high school. 

Like today, my mouth has been hurting immensely. And so I’ve been talking about it. A bit much to be honest, and I’m being really self-centered. My friend got tired of me talking about it so she told me. She didn’t raise her voice or anything just told me she didn’t like complainers.

This has just ruined my whole day. She apologized but I still feel upset. I can’t help but think of all my other friends think I’m annoying. I’ve always been insecure about that tbh, and now I can’t stop thinking about it. 

Is there any way to curb RSD? I hate how this insignificant thing has now just tainted my entire day There are several medications you can take for RSD! I don’t know why this isn’t talked about more. Alpha-agonists are *so effective*.

Guanfacine has completely changed my life. I’m actually becoming assertive and comfortable in my own skin.

[Here’s a packet that explains more about RSD than I ever could. It talks about medications and treatment on the last few pages.](https://www.dropbox.com/s/rzsjp65q0fu6r8o/Lauren%20RSD.PDF?dl=0) Good luck!

**Edit:** Forgot page 5 was missing. [Here’s a picture of my physical copy!](https://imgur.com/ObbYg4I) Thank you so much for this post! I've always experienced this, but I never knew it had a name. It sucks. I've gotten better at it in social situations, mostly by identifying my own anxieties, and trying to focus on avoiding those behaviors (talking too much, interrupting, 'hogging' the conversation) so that helps when it comes to friends and stuff.

&#x200B;

I work in a client-based industry, however, and it's IMMENSELY DIFFICULT to recover from screwing something up. I feel like it puts a rain cloud over my relationship and interactions with my client for so long afterwards. Even more frustrating is when I didn't actually do anything wrong, but RSD makes it hard to assert that with clients - or even when I do assert that with clients, still having anxiety after the fact even though I know damn well I did everything right and the client's frustration is 100% caused by their own foolishness. It's exhausting. I'm not quite sure how to deal with that yet. I try to think about how my friends annoy me sometimes and do stuff I don’t always like. But that doesn’t mean that I love them any less or lower my standard of them. It’s the same thing from them to you, just because you might annoy them a tiny bit one day does not mean they like you any less or see you as an annoying person. It’s all part of relationships, no one is ever going to be 100% perfect and amazing, they will always do things you don’t like eventually. so don’t expect yourself to be perfect either.  It also gets better with time, I’m 22 and I used to get RSD bad in high school and i still get it from time to time but as I’ve gotten a little older I’ve gotten better about it and you get used to the way you are and how you do thing and you gain an understanding that your true friends accept you for who you are and if someone doesn’t want to be your friend over and inconsequential detail like talking too much about a certain subject one day, then you probably don’t want to be friends with them anyways.   I was diagnosed about a week ago and have been obsessively googling symptoms and seeing if they match up with me. This one really speaks to me, it makes suddenly way more sense why I feel like I fall into depression for days after a friend cancels a plan or I get a less than positive review at work. 

I’m hoping the best for you man, the struggle is real  Oh so that’s what it is!  Tbh, I doubt you were talking about it too much. We tend to be hard on ourselves, and I don't think you are being self-centered

I wish I could say the right thing to help you feel better, but I unfortunately don't. I'm like this too, and all I can say is that it'll pass with time, which is so hard :/ This actually makes me think I have Rsd.... that would explain so much Bookmark Ahh this was me every day in my abusive relationship of 11 months. I needed his approval and I couldn’t get it and his disdain just hurt me over and over and I never. Fucking. Learned.  Rsd destroyed something important that was giving me joy and was essential for my career. 
It was an internship that I got through the boss of the department but I thought I screwed up after the second time there and so I never contacted him to be there again. Every day that past made it harder to contact him, because now I made the mistake of no contact. In my mind there is the fear that they will be angry for this if I ever write the email. 

It has now been 9 months since I was there. Without it I don‘t think continuing university maked much sense. I just can‘t overcome that dread, I just want to be normal. I've tried guanfacine for RSD. I am now on an SSRI (lexapro) and it has done much more in my emotional stability and rejection sensitive tolerability than guanfacine. Not that guanfacine might not work for others, but that SSRIs should be recommended as another option which could even alleviate other comorbid symptoms like anxiety/depression.  I thought this was normal?

&#x200B;

EDIT: Ive read the below paper while at work.  Its really put my entire outlook on life and my internal life into perspective. Thsnk you,

&#x200B;

The part about shame really resonates with me. I cant let people in to show them how I live and I do perceive my entire life ahead of me as fucked beyond any repair. Im 29 YO Male.

&#x200B;

Mind Peace to all Have proper expectations. If your expectation of things is too high... your bound to fall down hard. [removed] **tldr; Phil from Modern Family reminded me of myself. His people pleasing characteristic is caused by RSD and I'm surprised to find out his character has ADHD. Tangent on validation and that we need awareness.**

There is a character in the comedy tv-series Modern Family, a father named Phil Dunphy. While watching the show with my little sister I joked about how similar me and Phil was. He is always cheerful and a people pleaser. This along with the fact that he generally has little respect to rules and an organized life tends to make it difficult for him to take on the *'strict father'* role (though he tries his best, hilarity ensues). My sister very much agreed. Later in the series, when it is revealed that he actually suffers from ADHD, I got a huge sense of validation for my symptoms and what I've been struggling with.

I really dislike the fact that people, even friends, tend to be so afraid of recognizing that my character flaws (or atypical characteristics if you will :P) they so often tease me for actually are symptoms of my disorder. In a way I appreciate that they would rather look at me as a neurotypical with a certain personality than dismiss me as *'just a member of a group of disordered people';* but that is just insulting to all of the people struggling with ADD/ADHD. The stigma has got to stop I'm so worried I won't be able to find a doctor who'll prescribe me an MAOI instead of an SSRI. 

&#x200B;

But yeah, I cried under a blanket reading this. I know that there are medications for RSD but I don’t know anything about them other than they exist. What has helped me the most is going to a therapist on a weekly basis and learning coping skills. I’m not sure where the line between RSD ends and depression begins but my anti depressants have helped me feel better in the long run! I hope you find something that works well for you :) Wow this is a mood [deleted] Thank you so much for this. It appears to be missing page 5, is that intentional? I’ll second this. My psychiatrist started me on Guanfacine a little over 4 months ago and it has helped immensely. Not just in regulating my over-the-top emotional response to rejection, but it has helped with sleep, I’m way less angsty in general, and it has even smoothed out some of the more tweaky side effects of the stimulant meds as well. 

Despite being diagnosed at a young age, seeing a psychiatrist who specialized in ADD, and being medicated for years, I didn’t know about this aspect of the disorder. Never realized that more neurotypical people don’t experience a crushing emotional blow at even the smallest rejection or sense of disappointment. Just thought I was way too sensitive or something. Which, I guess is technically true... 😂 Can you fix the link? It goes to source code hosted on dropbox Hey, I found another version of the same paper online that has page 5 included if you want to change the link! The missing page was actually incredibly revealing to me because it talks about how those who experience RSD tend to choose bossy people as partners and how we put on a face and constantly try to act "normal" and that really resonated with me and threw everything else into perspective.

Here's the link - http://www.chadd.org/Portals/0/Users/195/27/63427/Rejection%20Sensitive%20Dysphoria,%20Dr%20Dodson.doc

Edit - just finished reading it and yeah I'll admit I broke down crying while reading like others here because the third type (giving up entirely and putting up a wall) described my life up until very recently to a T (and I still definitely feel that way often). I'm going to bring this up with my parents and my psychiatrist and hopefully make some  changes to help modify the behavior. I can't tell you how grateful I am that you shared this article. Thank you so much. Anything to help me become more alpha RAHHHH.

Seriously though, I'd like to try this soon.  I have a feeling that RSD has played a massive role in my depression. Thanks so much. I’ll make sure to read up on everything you have on here when I get the chance Thanks for sharing that.  I'm definitely reading this when I get home and talking to my doctor about it. I recently discovered what RSD and have been wondering about how to deal with it. Please please give us page 5, I was in the zooone reading that and then it cut off D: Interesting. I feel like my RSD really prevents me from being assertive where I need to. Will look further into this, thanks.  I relate to that article so much  Note to self: try guanfacine :) No problem! I’m so glad that we have this nice community here where we can vent about stuff like this. I only just learned about RSD myself, it just explains so much! Me too! I never heard of this or knew it went along with adhd. I always thought this was a separate annoying thing about me! My mind is kind of blown right now. Wow. I have this. Did not realise fully that this was part of RSD! Being such a people pleaser makes dealing with some patients really difficult (I'm a Nurse) and makes me more vulnerable to entering abusive relationships (ex husband and issues with narcissistic(?/leaning?) parent figure.) Oh wow, me too. I've always blamed it on being raised Catholic because I feel guilty for everything that goes wrong, even when I know on some level it wasn't my fault. Talk to your psychiatrist if you can. There are medications that can help RSD. Thanks for this. I just always put so much pressure on myself, but it’s nice to hear that I don’t have to.  That was a great ADD run on sentence lol Linking to ADDitude is no longer allowed. They have become a shill for pseudoscientific products and products not validated by empirical research.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ADHD) if you have any questions or concerns.* I understand that, but RSD just makes it a million times worse. It would be one thing if this was just one moment and I accepted it and moved on, but I just can’t. I keep thinking about it, and I just keep feeling sad all day.  I found a version with page 5 - http://www.chadd.org/Portals/0/Users/195/27/63427/Rejection%20Sensitive%20Dysphoria,%20Dr%20Dodson.doc Forgot that was missing shoot that page is so important I’m so sorry :’D Added an edit! Are you on mobile? It didn't work when i clicked the link from my phone, but it works when I use my laptop Same Lol I know this is a joke but I would actually love if that happened Please do! I put it off for a while because *it’s ten pages* but I promise it’s worth the read. Print it. Highlight it. Do whatever you have to do. It was written by an ADHD specialist - so he wrote it in a way that’s engaging for his patients.

Honestly sobbed for hours over this thing. Hope you get some help! Here you go! http://www.chadd.org/Portals/0/Users/195/27/63427/Rejection%20Sensitive%20Dysphoria,%20Dr%20Dodson.doc Sounds like I could have written this entire thing you just said here. Thank you! I definitely will ask my doctor at my next check up! [removed] Thank you! You are so good! Thank you very much! >Honestly sobbed for hours over this thing. Hope you get some help!

Oh wow! I thought I was the one who was crying for a whole hour after I got this link from another poster, downloaded it, printed it twice!!! To the original poster ( high school aged kind person) please, do yourself a favor download this document and read it. 

It is truly life changing.  Holy shit ...  Awesome! Lemme know how it goes! It's a common adhd trait. You could say that everyone has difficulty focusing and it's a normal thing but you trust them.

You're not really helping.  [deleted] > This has just ruined my whole day.

That's not 'normal.' But it happens to some people. If you say so 