Just over 2 weeks on meds for the very first time... And I am just amazed. I didn't know what to expect. I wasn't diagnosed until my late 20s and didn't start medication until just recently, I'm 32. I keep trying to find the words to explain to my husband what the difference is like because he just doesn't get it... it feels like so much of my mental energy was expended frivolously before. Like getting through the day was just like spending the whole day chasing dead leaves around in a windstorm. And then when the medication started to work it's like the wind just stopped. And for the first time, I am calmly looking up and around me. And I never *knew* my life was like that before!! I had an idea that ADHD was impacting my life, but it is incredible to me now how much of *everything* is impacted. Suddenly I can actually look to the future and plan things ahead of time. I used to somehow be surprised every day at like 4 o'clock that suppertime was going to happen again. Now I'm casually planning suppers the day ahead. 

&nbsp;

I have a 1 year old and a 2 year old that I stay home to care for. I was struggling and losing ground all the time and felt like I was failing them because there were so many days I just couldn't get it together enough to do more than the bare minimum. So many days were so hard. I have been enjoying my kids so much more, I have more patience and it's so easy to take them places, plan activities and follow through. I cried so hard the first day I put them to bed, then sat down and realized that I was *at least* an okay mom that day. They are the reason I finally sought treatment because I don't ever want my problems to be *their* problems.

&nbsp;

I don't know why I posted this. I think I just need to say this stuff to people who might understand. I haven't told anyone except my husband and my two best friends that I started treatment because I still haven't really told anyone else about my diagnosis, even. I'm afraid people won't really believe me because I always did well in school as a kid and have had a reputation for being smart that has always fucking killed me for the shame of secretly being what I thought was just lazy and dumb. 

&nbsp;

But you guys, this subreddit has been a haven for me. Thank you all for sharing your stories and your struggles. It has helped me and countless others come to terms with this disorder and what it means. And just to know that there are a group of people, even strangers, who just get it is so comforting. I'm sorry this is an essay here... I needed to get it out and I needed to say thank you to all you wonderful folks who share your lives with total strangers so that none of us feel alone. It's Thanksgiving here in Canada today and I am just so thankful for this subreddit and modern medicine!! I love your "essay" - the part about having a hard time keeping up - dinner time creeping up on you seemingly from out of the blue - wow, that's so familiar.   It's been less than a year since I discovered my own ADHD and my kids are already grown, so I never got to find out what it would be like to be an on-top-of-things mom.  Congrats to you, and thank you for sharing your joy!  

AND Happy Canadian Thanksgiving!  :) Love this. My life is changed too. I am in Canada too, happy thanksgiving!  Hear hear. Can relate to the crying: did that a few times in the first weeks on meds. :) I cried the when I listened to some music I'd listened to many times before, because I could hear so much more. I love these posts so much, they kind make me wanna cry This gives me hope! Thank you so much for posting this. I’m currently a stay at home mom to a two year old with no family nearby and no budget for childcare so I’m with my kid for all but an hour and a half almost 7 days a week (husband works most weekends). I feel like I’m in hell sometimes because my patience runs out so quickly which isn’t fair on my kid. Then I hate myself for losing it, rinse and repeat. It SUCKS so much to be me some days. 

I haven’t been on medication since I tried it at 17 and didn’t like it but I’ve decided to go back for the sake of my sanity and my daughter. Problem is, we’re trying for number two so I have to wait until after the next pregnancy and breastfeeding are over. 

I have so much hope, though, after reading your post that it can and most likely will get better someday. I can be the mother I want to be and I’m SO relieved!!!!!  I can't wait to start my meds. I'm going in tomorrow. I have 2 young children too. I was diagnosed in college, but didn't get the dosing right on my meds or fix any of my habits. I've been struggling so bad, especially when we added baby number 2. I finally got him on formula so I can get my meds. I've got the hyperactivity really bad too, and I struggle to sit still long enough to feed my kids or play with them. I get really bored easily of what my toddler wants to play, and I feel like it isn't fair to him. I'm good if we're running around playing something, but then that gets him really riled up. Also, I keep the baby in a playpen most of the time because I get too distracted to keep a close eye on him, and he's really fast. I love reading all these posts because I feel like I'm reading about myself. I'm not alone in the struggle. [deleted] It's so hard to manage toddlers while having untreated ADHD, I really feel for you. It's only been a couple of weeks of improvement so I still remember all too well what you mean. My husband works shift work and I also have no family nearby. It felt like some days were about 5 years long and like I just had *nothing* left to give. I'd be so overwhelmed and felt like I was just counting the minutes to bedtime so many days. There were things that made life so difficult that I didn't even realize were because of ADHD, even knowing that I had the disorder but then medication improved them. I am so hopeful for you that you will find similar improvements when the time comes! You are so not alone!!! Your entire comment speaks to me as well. Good luck with your medication, I hope you see all the benefits you are hoping for! With all due respect, why would you post this if you even admit you didn't read the post? Bringing this stuff up when there is absolutely no need or context to warrant it just contributes to the taboo of ADHD and medication. Yes, it has a risk of being abused. That's why doctors counsel and monitor us instead of blindly prescribing. This is not a helpful comment and contributes to harmful attitudes as much as (if not more than) it instills caution. People are ashamed and reluctant enough already about pursuing medications that may be entirely appropriate for them and be of huge benefit. The key thing is to talk to a licensed physician about the risks, benefits and regular monitoring. Not being shamed by strangers on the internet who out of nowhere compare medicated ADHD sufferers with high seekers (which let's face it, is a kinder euphemism for drug addicts). Totally agree. Was stupid of me! Didn't think straight in that moment and impulsively commented. 

Do you want me to delete that comment?  I think if any sub is going to understand how that happens and be forgiving of it, it's this one! Totally up to you what you do with the comment, though. I really appreciate you just hearing me and not getting defensive, thank you :) 