It takes me 2 to 3 hours to do homework that should take me 1 hour. Any tips/advice?  Try the Pomodoro timer technique. It basically consists of working for about 25 minutes straight (1 pomodoro), followed by a 5 minute break. Every 4 or so pomodoros you take a longer break 15-30 minutes. You can adjust the times to make them more personalized for you of course. It helps keep you on a good pace and not feel overwhelmed and freeze up. There's a ton of free apps and websites for it, just google it. Good luck! How are you taking longer?

I mean do you spend the 2 hours fully engaged with the work, just at a slower pace of reading/writing, or are you spending 1 hour on the work and use the extra hour to make food/get a cup of coffee, look out the window, play with the cat etc?

If it's the first, you can check out all the tips for the things you're struggling with, like try speed reading tips, different ways to make a summary etc. Also, you could look if there are different ways to learn the material (like if something I'm studying has a crashcourse movie on youtube, watching that does more for me than just reading something over and over).

If it's the second one, pomodoro might work or a 'reversed pomodoro' (if sudden beebs annoy you). Like write down the time you start and write down the time you go for a break. That way it might still take from 8:00 to 10:00 to get the work done, but at least you know that you only spend 1 hour really studying and you're not so much slower, you just need to plan for study-time+break time.

Now, if needing the breaks annoys you and it still feels like 'being slow' one way to combat that is to find useful things that act as a break from studying. Like, study for 30 minutes> exercise/do a load of laundry/answer your emails/clean the shower/have lunch> get back to your homework. 

It might take some experimenting to find the things that make it easiest to get back to work again after (like if my break is reddit/gaming I know I'll probably give up, but if it's cleaning the shower, my books seem tempting again after a bit). 
 Bribe yourself. For every problem or paragraph you finish. Eat a candy, cookie, tasty drink. I wasn't diagnosed until I was 30, but pomodoro is what allowed me to complete grade school. Pomodoro Technique is a lifesaver.  In my opinion though the "standard" pomodoro length of 25 minute work interval is WAY too long for someone with unmedicated ADHD. One of Dr. Russel Barkley's videos recommended 10 minutes of work/concentration and 3 minutes of relaxation for people with ADHD.  But your mileage may vary.  :-)   I guess the point is don't be afraid to tweak it to fit you and your brain.  That doesn't work for me. Why wait when I could just get those now? Or better yet, don't, because I'm trying to lose weight lol It doesnt have to be food. It could also be a short video or game session on the phone. Or a chapter of a story but just some sort of bribe. Or better yet bribe yourself with something that requires you to leave where you are. I can't do that because then I get too distracted by the bribe. Like, ok, cookies! Man I should eat a bit of protein with my sugar. I'm thirsty too. What is there to drink? And suddenly the half-empty glasses around the house start multiplying  Wow. That sounds really bad you might want to consider seeing someone and getting treated for it. Most schools have some type of service that help with that. 

Also would annoying alarms on your phone work?  