Thank you to everyone with ADHD reading this. I've never felt more at home seeing so many people struggle with the same things I do. Its unfortunate that we have to deal with this, but it really does bring me joy knowing I'm not alone. So many nights I've felt like a duck up because i can't just get motivated like my friends to go out and achieve and excel in my school work and social settings. Its inspired me to get back on my meds and take them with confidence knowing that it's for the better, instead of taking my meds and feeling like a screw up because I have to be doped up to feel "normal" like everyone else. Just thank you all for the stories and tips. You're all a blessing... even if I dont know you  >Thank you to everyone with ADHD reading this

I glanced at it. It is super frustrating seeing people operate on a level of skill, motivation, or diligence that I know I "could" achieve because we are both human, but realistically I never will. I just have to focus on my own talents and try not to worry about what I can't achieve. We're with you dawg.  Thanks to this sub I was diagnosed 2 weeks ago and started treatment. It feels like my brain has been sprayed with Windex and I can finally participate in the real world, it only took until my 30's to finally attempt. My boyfriend saw me after a really bad day and dragged me to his physician to be evaluated. If it wasn't for all of you I probably wouldn't have had the courage... So thank you too! :) Please, never edit that you're a "duck up". It made me smile, along with the rest of your post. 

I have been on the fence about my meds- used to take them awhile back- until my therapist, and loved ones  shoved that reality down my throat. This subreddit makes me feel comfortable and less like i'm signing up for the zombie wars with my medication. 
 I don't know what it is, but I feel like this sub has been really great over just the last few days!  This either means we're all doing really well right now and supporting each other, or we're all totally fucked right now and looking for support lol...  still supporting each other though I only found this sub after being diagnosed, as an adult. I also really appreciate reading everyone's stories about the difficulties they are/have been/used to have. It's made me feel much less alone (I didn't even realise I felt alone) in regards to the experiences and difficulties I had growing up, especially with my mum. I wish things could have been different and I wish I'd been diagnosed much earlier, but getting diagnosed and getting meds has felt like a light at the end of a tunnel I didn't realise I was in. I'm still a useless unreliable piece of shit on the weekends, when I don't take my meds, but I'm okay with that, things are moving in the right direction :) (don't worry, I don't actually think I'm useless)

Good luck with your journey :)  Knowing I’m not alone, being able to ask for help without the usual ‘bingos’ I get from nuerotypicals has been a huge help to me. Gets me through the day sometimes.
 Idk I've been undiagnosed since a year ago (24 atm) never looked at my meds as something negative because it makes me"normal".

It lets me be me without my poor executive functioning. I'm me just without the confusion. The medication is a blessing. Little circles of angel tears or something 😂

Damn, I feel more like a screw up if I forget to take them. Not really though, because you just have to be mindful – everyone makes mistakes so it's not something you should think negatively about 😊 it's just a "thing". Good on you for getting back in and taking charge. 

On a personal note, I try to avoid saying things like the meds get me doped up. I want my medication to be a positive thing. Not sure if there's a study about it, but I'd think that if you keep calling something negative after a while it will be. 

It's like telling a lie for so long that you start to believe it or having someone be called fat for so long they start to believe it. 

.

That's just my own person mentality.  I am the father of 13 year old girl with adhd...there is nothing wrong with you AT ALL...I always tell my daughter the one true thing and that is your medicine does not define who you are it’s just one small piece of a wonderful person...she is an honor roll student and an absolute beast on the softball diamond...please take these words and know that they apply to you as well...god luck in all your endeavors you’ll do good I have faith I’ve known I need adderall for years but I can’t get my Dr to prescribe them. I’ve got dozens of projects started around the house and none of them done. I’m looking at several of them right now but I’m on here wishing I had the motivation to get up and do them.  My mind jumps from one thought to another constantly and it’s getting worse the older I get.   I’ve thought about just parking in the garage and going to sleep.   I feel the same way!  Any tips on how to get prescribed meds? I have taken Adderall IR, Vyvanse, and Adderall XR in the past in lone standing instances and they've all helped me so much in the past be the way I want to be about my daily life. Ill find myself cleaning my room, analyzing my finances efficiently, multi-tasking at work fluently and as I know tolerance is a thing Im not attached to the speedy feeling it gives but more so that ability to get things done and be productive. And from what folks on this sub say it does continue to work over time.

Of course being ADHD the thought of all the daunting steps it requires to go get diagnosed and everything just makes my brain turn to mush. Can I see the bottom of the post? Yes?

Ok, I'll read it Thanks for the kind words homie, showing your appreciatetion to those that try and be a support black for us here on the sub appreciate you as well good luck on your journey ✊ You are definitely not a duck up. Youre different. You’re special. Remember that!  Good for you! It does help knowing others are struggling with the same things. I also like thinking that people with ADHD were instrumental to allowing hunter/gatherers to survive and thrive and move onto making settlements. Unfortunately a lot about modern living isn't conducive to allowing those with ADHD to thrive in the same way.  Man. I wanna tell my supervisor for my dissertation that I have ADHD so he can be more lenient with me when he marks my work. But at the same time I feel like people don't understand the difficulty I fucking experience with this shit. And maybe he will think I'm just using it as an excuse. But It helps knowing that there are people like me around here so they understand the troubles that I go through as well. 

The thing that kinda got me today when I was speaking to this guy in my class I was saying how I don't think I can hand everything in by next week it's too much work (4th year Uni is crazy). And he's like "comon man u can do it we are in the same boat. "

At first I was like yeah true. But then I thought about how he actually managed to do all his coursework without cheating and copying other coursework (unlike me) and he got his dissertation further than I have right now. The only reason I copied is cos I have been spending so much time working on dissertation and Im still behind. It takes me AGES to understand one simple thing especially in computer science, and this is the hardest I've ever studied. I barely have time for games or socialising with people I love to socialise with.

It's good to know u guys are out there too lmao. Btw I still haven't read your whole post. 

Edit: ok I read the post and I totally understand, it's very very hard to get motivated to do anything, but I feel like my medicine and weed has helped me do that. But at the same time I feel like a junky cos I rely on this shit too much. I really can't function without medication.  love you and hear you dude❣️ This sub is a blessing, and people like you who are willing to share are what makes it so great. Thanks for posting this! From one duck up to another - cheers! I'm here delaying doing my homework. I have a real hard time "pulling the trigger" on anything, because it always looks like a totally impossible task.  I think I need to go back on meds, even though I hate them. aww ugh so sweet. it's been hard understanding and deal with adhd and it's so great to know we aren't alone. also just realized I said 'here' instead of 'hear' in the first comment lol oops I had a really good point to make! Now if only I could remember what it was...  This took a lot of effort to read I might have actually read about every second word of this post, but you're very welcome.  The true ADHD community, I don't think any of us have read the full post I was going to make a post this morning saying basically the same thing. I teared up the first day I found this subreddit because like you I didn’t feel so alone for the first time. Soo many issues I thought were so personal to me and I felt isolated me from the rest of the world I now see don’t. Thank you for sharing.  I completely agree! :) I have so much trouble with school, I have struggled along, barely scraping by for years now. This past year/6 months idk I’ve been really trying to take my adderall every day and make to do lists for my day. I still struggle, adhd feels like a constant fight with myself. But this sub has really helped me feel less like a screw up and helped me better understand the reasons behind some of the things I do! I also want to say thanks to everyone for sharing their stories :) I’ve never commented on here... but your post made me tear up <3 Thank YOU for being part of the tribe! We'll take over the world someday TL;DR What matters is not the difficulties you face (are born with, were saddled with), but how you handle them. No fault of mine I have poor eyesight, but it's on me to get eye tests and glasses. Same with ADHD and meds. Thank you for sharing. I've been feeling shameful and been shamed for having to take meds to help me finish basic human tasks as a stay at home mom. I've lessened and lessened and went days without it and things just fall apart, (aka back to normal) around house. Routines I've worked so hard to establish went down the toilet. Your post made me feel a little better knowing I'm not alone. Thank you. 

Edit: grammar Thanks for the positivity friend.  R/ADHD really is a comfort to me and I'm glad you feel the same. It took me like 10 min to read your freaking paragraph. Still not sure what it said. Anyway, I'm happy you're happy. Thank you! I really do appreciate your comment. Also, I'm glad your daughter excels! I hope she does everything that I didnt in school and stays on this path towards greatness!  Misery loves company :)..........:( You are blessed to have a medicine that helps you function normally. Not everyone here has found a medicine that works for them yet! Take it! I understand completely. Lol. It's just like telling yourself all day  you're  going to do it and finally start to look at it and think, damn I can probably get it done later instead. Lmao its and endless cycle. But, meds will defintely help. Hopefully you dont get dry mouth like I do lol Lmao! Cheers my friend Why so many downvotes Hahaha I clicked it, thought "oh good its short" and went straight to the top comment, forgot to actually *read* it. I started reading it, then scrolled down to the comments. Saw this comment, laughed because I was actually reading it! I’m clearly a successful ADHDer. Then I proceeded to read other comments and leave before I actually read everything. 🙄

Came back to share this comment, but I still haven’t read the whole thing! I’ll add this to my Finish It Friday list haha I did my classic read the first sentence then half of the second, then skipped to the end, and then went back and read the rest! Glanced at what I'm not sure if I've ever read the entirety of any of the posts on this sub lol. I often wonder how there are so many comments from people who managed to read it all as I can barely make it 3 lines most of the time. Same Ha! Same here. But the sentiment is appreciated Yeah I got about halfway through then the comments were where my eyes settled I love seeing all the ADHD people commenting and they too forget to read and remember things. I think it’s funny and sweet 💜 I glanced at your reply and saw it has a lot of upvotes, so I upvoted as well without reading it

&#x200B; Thank you! I'm glad I have people like you who understand and even more glad were here to support each other! I cant wait to see what success has for you
 I said something kinda similar too.  Apologies if this sounds patronising, but have you tried therapy and/or medication? Congrats! I'm with you, 3 decades on the planet and I finally got medicated. 
Sucks thinking about how my teens and 20s potentially could have been much different, but I've just got to move forward and be thankful for what I know now. This is my first day taking my medication (Concerta 18mg) and I already feel different, in a good way. I feel in control of my mind.

Only if I was diagnosed earlier... Anyway, I should be thankful now. 

If anyone reqding this is hesitant about visiting a psychiatrist and getting a diagnosis: JUST DO IT, the only thing you will regret is not doing it earlier. What was the bad day? Like...did you forget a bunch of important stuff, or? Were all in the same boat here and all clearly feel the same. I'm glad I found yall and this sub has helped me get over the hump and start the process to better mental health! I like to think were here to celebrate all accomplishments any of us achieve and were defintely here to uplift each other when no one else can. Were not just a support sub, but a great group of like minded internet friends.  Thank you. You as well my friend. Were all here for each other in the end and that's what counts.  I understand. We may only know each other from the internet, but these are our people and we share the same struggles. I'm glad it helps you through the day the same way it does me. Keep kicking ass and I can't wait to read some more success stories from everyone on here 
 Thank you for that input. It's really true too that I shouldn't look at it negatively. Just easy to forget when your mind is going a 1000 mph. I mean shit,  you understand what I'm talking about. Comments like this remind me to stop and smell the roses on my way through the garden! I appreciate that  I feel the same way about terms like "medication holiday." I don't mind other people using it, but to me it makes it sound like not taking meds is a reward and taking them is a punishment. That's not the kind of relationship I want to have with my medication. The ol gaslighting yourself syndrome. I’m sure most of us have dealt with this at one point or another  I ended up finding a place near me that just does neuropsych evaluations and diagnosis. Took their tests, confirmed ADHD, and then took those results to another doctor to move forward with the process.

I highly suggest seeing if there is anything like that near you. My evaluation was luckily covered by insurance. Good luck. It sucks but sometimes you have to be your own advocate. I started writing down every symptom I had in a notebook I carry with me. Perhaps it would help your doctor to see the whole picture. If not find a different doctor or someone who will listen. Or a testing place like fractlespank said. 

You shouldn't have to struggle. You deserve to be able to function and be at peace.   I’ve had the same struggles for years! Then a couple a weeks ago I just got so fed up, so I looked for a specialist in my area and was successfully diagnosed 2 weeks ago. It’s not easy I know, but you’re not alone! Don’t give up  Can you not get adderall or not get a diagnosis? Adderall can be tough to get just because of the levels of abuse. Were all in this together! This groups here for each other and you, when you need it to uplift your spirit! Depends on where you are. You need a diagnosis in order to get meds, so you need to see someone who can evaluate you. In the US, this is usually a psychiatrist. If you have a regular doctor, you can ask him/her for a recommendation. Tell 'em you have trouble concentrating and staying on-task, maybe list some specific examples, and ask them who you need to see about evaluation and possible diagnosis.

Yeah, it's daunting! Hang in there. Write out the steps if you have to, so you can take them one at a time. Honestly, I'm in the long process of just waiting to see the doctor. I'll have to wait until January for me to officially visit him. I'm sorry I cant be of more help. But, I'm here if you need someone to chat with Lol. I understand. Sometimes I'll be half way through a paragraph and lose interest or give up on what I was trying to say because it feels like it's taking forever to type You as well! With people like you to help support me, I know I'll do well Thank you! I appreciate the kind words You're not kidding! If I tell anyone I have ADHD they just laugh or act like it's not a real mental issue. Which infuriates me that no one takes this serious! That's the reason a lot of the time I would just think I'm weird or not right in the head because I cant just be normal and focus like them   I understand and thats what this group is here for. Seriously, you tell someone your ADHD is bothering you and it's hard to understand or keep up they just think your stupid or lazy. I just wish our group was better understood tbh I generally avoid telling people I have ADD, they dont take it seriously and think I'm using it as a crutch or an excuse. Thank you! Seriously that's what this group is for. To make outcast feel like heroes, to have a shoulder to lean on when it feels like no ones there. I understand your struggle and I stand with everyone who has it.  Thank you for all the great welcoming vibes. I appreciate it and I cant wait to see what stories you have! Lmao. You're fine. I type quick too Haha. I totally understand the struggle! But, I'll be here when you think of it Just imagine how much it took to type it. But, I do like a support this community, so I wanted to show my love for everyone  I understand! It took me half an hour to type this while still wanting to discard it because it kept getting uninteresting. Lol Lmao. You think reading it is hard, I had to spend half an hour typing this. Honestly, half way through I kept losing interest and wanting to discard the post. Lol Glad to be of comfort! Were a community here who understand and respect each other. Well be here for the days you're down and out to lift your spirits back up. Glad to see you here You're not alone! I can understand exactly where you're coming from. But, that's why this group is here. That's why I'm here. Were here to uplift and motivate each other and to get each other through the struggles we have That's very true. I hope everything works out for you and you get the meds you need to start the great mental stride forward. But, this groups always here for you when you need someone to chat with I did the exact same thing.. lol I read the first few lines and then checked comments.  I started to do exactly this.... now I'm typing this and wondering why I am... and rolling my eyes and getting annoyed because I'm typing about thinking about typing... I could go on forever.. fuck it. Posting it. Hahaha I didn’t realize I did that until I read your comment.  Read what? Yeah I did that too, then went back to read it because I realized I hadn’t. Oy.  Damn me too but your comment reminded me to  actually read it lol
 .....Don't call me out like this. It became almost instinctual for me to read the top comment before the post, seeing if they summarized it. Sames! straight to the comments 🤣 I was on medication for about ten years, but I got a job that didn't allow it so I had to stop. I was there for six years, but no longer work there so I'm actually working on getting back on it again now  2 decades of oblivion here, got my medication yesterday. congrats to all of us :)))) My physician is a primary care provider. Anyone who's scared of a psych doc is also welcome to try a primary, you might be surprised (like I was). I just started a new job 4 months ago in addition to life changes (moved together with my boyfriend in to a blended family). The load of the new job and the excessive stimulation from all the needs at home just compiled in to me almost having a nervous break down at work. I just couldn't function. No matter how hard I tried to force myself to do my job that day (which I love), I couldn't even focus my eyes. I felt like my brain was in a cloud. I just wanted to curl in to a ball and cry and sleep forever. 

I've suspected ADHD for years, but I couldn't get the idea out of my head that getting diagnosed would be difficult, despite my two younger brothers being diagnosed and having life-long symptoms. I printed a test at work and filled it out before leaving early for him to drive me there because I was shaking so much I didn't even trust myself to drive. Doc started treatment and as soon as I tried my first dose the shaking stopped and I felt what could be the most relaxed I've ever felt in my life. My mind finally stopped and all the dozens of web pages in my brain closed. Every overwhelming thing transformed in to not such a big deal. 

I'm disappointed that I waited so long... But I'm grateful that I'm getting seen now.  SAME I edited it haha Even if I still haven't reddit lol, I get what you mean by the title ❤️❤️❤️I am thankful for all of you. Dammit me too Same, but then I felt guilty and went back and finished it. 

I've forgotten most of it already, but I remember the sentiment of gratefulness.  Me too 🤷🏼‍♀️🤷🏼‍♀️ I know each person is different in their response to medication, but I feel like it helped me.

I wish you the best. I hope the medication can help you get better.

Edit: Btw, that is discrimination for them to not allow medication. It should have been illegal. I relate because my country also prohibits police officers and army to use stimulant medication. It sucks. Wow, that's pretty incredible. And validating too, as I've had a few breakdowns in the past and chalked it up to just being crazy, I guess. I'm undiagnosed and all that, so kudos for getting the support you need.  Good! That's the important thing. Were all here for each other. Especially when the disorder turns our minds into depressed tangled messes some days. I'm just happy I found my people  Because of your post I just went back and scanned it so I'm supporting OP. Thanks! It was the navy. The law doesn't count when the government is the one breaking it.  Thank you, I don't know what your options are but I do hope you find yours too if you haven't already. <3 Yeah, pretty much. It is ironic that they force indifference down the throats of private companies yet they do discrimination themselves. 