I did it, I turned in my master thesis After a year struggling to write my thesis, being diagnosed with depression and ADD, going on meds and through therapy. I finally did it, today I turned in my master thesis and I so happy about it. There were times were I was on the verge of just giving up. And yesterday I had an preliminary interview for a job within my field of study.  Reward yourself, you've done a magnificent job! You lead by example! Good for you op! Took me 11 years start to finish, you got it done in a year! Im sure there was a great deal of suffering and toil - hopefully youll soon get to taste the fruits of your labors.   Well Done! Nice work! I also took a year after my masters project to actually hand in the thesis so this definitely resonates with me. Back then I also had no idea why I was so bad at it... Congratulations! What an accomplishment! Congrats🤙 Rad a rooney!!! Hell yea m8 Nice job! That’s awesome  Sounds like things are going well! Congrats! I remember when I turned in my senior thesis for my Bachelors. I bet the feeling is only much more gratifying turning it in for your masters and also overcoming all what you have. Again congratulations and best of luck with the job interview outcome!  So proud of you! Amazing. I hit the wall during my undergrad, but graduate... wow Nice job.  It took me 10 years to get mine down. Congratulations. That's a major accomplishment.  Congratulations! Took me 11 years from starting my bachelor to finishing my masters. It is good to be on the other side. Congratulations. Good luck with the job interview! Nice work 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 AWESOME! Congratulations!!! Very inspiring. I’m in my 7th-ish year of my 4 year degree  Congrats, that's huge. Thanks for sharing a win. Congratulations! I saw this and had to comment Congratulations to you! I can’t imagine how good it felt to realize you did it!  Way to go, man Holy shit congratulations !!! 
 Whoot!  LOVE a good news story! Let's me know we can do it :,-) That is so awesome to hear, good for you getting good stuff done! Thats excellent to hear. Great job! nothing wrong with the fact it took you till you were in your mid 50s. ;-) Fucking congrats!!! This inspires me more than anything, thank you. A song for ya bud! Congratulations! 
[https://youtu.be/_S5UpGx6470]) Nice job. Next stop, the moon!! Just curious; what's your field of study? FUCK YEAH. YOU ROCK SO KEEP DOING WHAT YOU ARE FUCKING DOING Be proud. Any advice for the rest of us to make it up to that point? > going on meds and through therapy. 

Wait going on meds and getting therapy can help someone diagnosed with depression and ADHD to a state where they could complete a master thesis.

Someone better tell the NHS, because they don't seem to understand this. That is amazing!!! I'm about halfway through my MS and it's tough going to say the least. So I definitely get how much work you put into it! It's time for you to relax, and I mean *actually* relax, not just "not actively do stuff". You need to make a conscious effort to become more relaxed mentally, emotionally, and spiritually.

Can I ask what your degree was? What was your thesis about? You’re a goddamn inspiration  I'm absolutely proud of you. From a Masters to another, congratulations. [deleted] OMG! Thank you for sharing this success, gonna be using it for inspiration when procrastinating yet again on my MS thesis! Thank you! I'm one month away from my deadline. Thanks for giving me hope!! Thank you for the kind words! My reward is doing nothing today and playing computer games. Hire a hooker It has been a tough journey, without the help of my therapist, psychiatrist and my thesis supervisor who has been such a help, I would never have done it. There have been so many times I thought about just dropping out and say fuck it.  Thank you! Same, I fell into a depression because I was beating myself up over why I just couldn't motivate myself to get started. I felt like such a failure, getting diagnosed and on meds made such a difference for me.  Thank you! Thank you so much for the kind words. I'm so proud of myself and had so much help getting here, had the best supervisor, who knew about my situation and help set deadlines and reading through my chapters, giving great feedback. Thank you so much! Thank you. I'm almost 38 with a husband and a 4 year old LO, shit I sound old lol. It might have taken me a long time to get but I did it. And you can do it too!!! I almost cried when I have turned it in, I felt so relieved that it is over and I made it through. oh wait, that was me... Thank you, it makes me so happy to know my accomplishment can inspire others. Thank you but the link is broken :-( Thank you!  Information science with a focus on documentation and information gathering.  Thank you!!! I'm lucky I live in a country with free health care, but definitely find out what ressource are available for you in forms of therapy and help from your university. At my university having ADHD, gives you the possibility of having a tutor to help with studying and time management during exams. 

And tell your supervisors about your situation, explain what it means to have ADHD, that way if they are good, they know how to help you reach your goal and which grade your are aiming at. My supervisor and me made the goal of aiming for a middle grad, that way she could better guide me towards that grade without adding extra stress and pressure for writing a better thesis.

I know I could have done better, but there is nothing wrong in aiming for being average and it took so much pressure of me and help me getting through. Information science with a focus on information gathering and documentation, my thesis is about informational privacy and the internet. I analysed how the collection and use of personal information impacts the individual's privacy in a online setting. 

ETA. Yeah I have my oral defense on August 31, so I'm spending my time until then to figure out who the hell I am without my thesis. Have an appointment with my therapist lined up to discuss this. And thank you for the reminder of stopping up and taking a breath. Thank you so much. Thank you :-) I'm on 54 mg Concerta with 10 mg Ritalin for when I need extra focus in stressful situations. Like the last week before I turned in my thesis, I would take the Ritalin twice a day. Because I also had untreated depression my concentration was just awful, 15 mins of reading and my head was done. 

Going on anti-depres meds and concerta boosted my concentration a great deal, I started to be able to read for a hour before needing a break. I still have some trouble with motivating myself but it has become better than before meds. 

Hope this helps you.  Read Russel Barclay or watch “howtoADHD” on Youtune
 You can do it!!! I believe in you. Break it into small chunks  You can do it!!! Do a hour of work and then 15-20 mins of break, rinse and repeat. I believe in you. Mine is very similar
 The path to true happiness is to snort cocaine off of a hooker’s ass. 

-Dalai Lama With his/her impulsiveness probably will lmao [deleted] Sure thing! thats a nice thing to have for sure..someone who understands what you are going through.  Lol but really that awesome, you are never to old to educate yourself.  Nice! I'm getting my MS in computer science. My undergrad was actually accounting, so I've had sort of a weird path, and the crossover of my skill sets leads me into a lot of information systems stuff. Maybe we'll cross paths someday and commiserate over the struggles of working a technical/numbers job with ADHD. The most important thing for me would be doing everything I could to get back on medication that I know works. See a regular doctor, talk with your insurance, whatever it takes really. I struggle a lot but am getting better, and I know I wouldn't be this far without meds.

In the meantime at work, try and write down everything you can. And I mean EVERYTHING. Always have a notebook with you and write down everything anyone says to you, everything you say back to them (good place to circle deadlines and appointments/meetings), and anything that runs through your mind. Even if your notes look like a messy jumble of garbage, they're bound to help, and people will notice that you're trying and putting in effort to do better.  


I recommend using pen and paper over an electronic note taking program for several reasons. They usually require a tablet or smartphone, which can easily distract you from the note taking entirely. Studies show that people usually remember things better when they write it down over type it, something to do with engaging your brain and muscles more. AND, when you take notes in a notebook, it looks like you're much more on task to others than using your phone. Besides the fact that typing away on your phone while talking to a boss or coworker can be easily misconstrued as ignoring them (I prefer to avoid any potential confusion), when you have to reference your notes later it can look like you're just browsing facebook instead of working. And again, if you have your notes on a smartphone, you're likely to get distracted while looking them up later.  


If things get worse despite this you might want to talk to HR (or the equivalent) about getting an appointment with a counselor, which many academic institutions have on staff. They might be able to help you with some parts of the ADD. Depending on the situation, you might want to tell HR (or the equivalent) about your ADD and what accommodations would make your work easier. I personally would do this as a last resort because I am very hesitant telling anyone that I have ADD, but it might be the right choice for you.    


Hope this helps, good luck! Bullet Journal Yeah I was very very lucky with my supervisor, I'm not sure the outcome would have been the same with another.  It really isn't ever too late. It saddens me that ADHD life failures make so many people feel that their lives are completely and permanently ruined and yet they are still in their 20s or 30s. I didn't fully realize the nature of my problem till I was 46. It took another ten years to figure things out. I'll be 60 next year, and my life is truly amazing. Very few regrets.  This ^^ is very good advice, when I worked as a student assistant, I always had a notebook where I wrote instructions, work assignments and important notes in. I have trouble going from one activity to another instantly, here a 3 min meditation has helped me greatly.  Do you recommend an app or an actual journal? I have a planner- not sure if that’s the same though Totally understand that, glad it worked out for ya! A bullet journal is a special way of writing In a normal physical book. Loads of instructions on YouTube including the excellent HowTo ADHD 

https://youtu.be/jkZEEQG6IVE 