How did you know to get tested as an adult? I just started University at 24 years old. I've had a diagnosis of severe mental illness for more than 5 years. I recently started the process to get screened for ADHD. Im starting to doubt myself and don't know if I should go ahead with the psycho-educational assessment available to me through my school. I don't know if it's because I started the process by myself and nobody I know sees it. I suffered through multiple decades of symptoms before realizing something was really different about me.

It can be hard to tell, because the only perspective we have is our own. I don't know how normal people feel day-to-day. Honestly, my boyfriend has been diagnosed before I met him. He was the one who pointed it out to me. I bought it up to my therapist (whom I see for bipolar disorder) and he tested me. He pretty much said there was no doubt in his mind that I was ADHD as well as bipolar.

I wouldn't stress. Just get tested. They are there to help, they won't think twice of you bringing it up and if they do find a new doctor. ADHD is normally a comorbid disorder. It didn't usually show up alone. If anything, you are more likely to have ADHD if you have other mental illness. I was told I probably had ADHD when I was a kid, but my mom didn't "believe" in it, so being undiagnosed until 27 led me down a long road of severe depression and anxiety. When I started getting into another depressive funk in my late 20s, I talk to my general physician about it, along with the near constant brain fog I had, and she recommended I get tested after I told her about my mental health history as a child. I don't have health insurance right now, so managing my ADHD is a struggle, but getting tested is still the best decision I could have made for myself.  


What harm would it do if you did go through the assessment and you weren't diagnosed for ADHD? There's a possibility that something is going on that could be diagnosed with the assessment, even if it isn't ADHD. My advice would be to go forward with the assessment, especially if your school has that available for you. University is difficult as it is, but is made even harder by undiagnosed mental illnesses/disorders or learning disabilities. Good luck!  I was diagnosed through a psychiatrist & therapist who specializes in adhd. None of the schools I went to caught it until then ( One school diagnosed me with MDD & gave me wellbutrin which was the only antidepressant that worked, which I had also read was sometimes used to treat adhd. After that I decided to bring it up to a therapist who said I "definitely have it", no shit). 

Come to think of it, I actually called a psychiatrist before that too specifically because I thought I had adhd. They did a preliminary phone screening questionnaire thingy and concluded that even though they can't "officially" say i had it, they're pretty positive I had it. I wrote the check for the first visit & never sent it. Waited 2 more years to get officially diagnosed somewhere else.  I'm 55 and was accidentally diagnosed last year. I was seeing a psychologist for crippling depression. One day I was hating myself for all the things I never get done, the obligations unmet, etc. In frustration I did an internet search for "damned lazy avoidance" and started reading through the results. I found myself reading about ADHD and recognizing myself. I made an appointment to see my pshrink ASAP.

In his office, he asked what brings me by today? I explained about my 'net search and said "I suspect I'm ADD". His answer? "I thought you knew. You're so obviously ADD I figured someone would have noticed and told you already." As it turned out HE'S ADD too and we had a great chat about it.

I sort of figured it out myself, then got confirmed by a pro. Totally accidental and decades late. My hope is that things look alot differently for you now. This makes me think twice about ignoring how I feel. Thank you. Thank you! I've been researching that alot lately. It was one of the things that made me feel like it should be a thing for me to check out. Thank you. I feel like you just said exactly what I've been feeling. I hope that everything works out for you.  I've been medicated for MDD and mild anxiety for a year now, since I was 14. Im also pretty high functioning, so no one ever noticed any symptoms. I got myself diagnosed, which is what I'm trying to do again now. Which feels alot like I'm crazy but no one sees it, which makes me feel crazier. I appreciate your story. Has having the official diagnosis made an impact on you?  Welcome! Definitely! I got to talk to my therapist about it who taught me tons of coping skills & organization skills. She also recommended some good books that taught me a lot more about it and about myself. Things about me that I never even knew had anything to do with adhd. Which made me accept a lot of aspects of myself, too 

Getting the diagnosis is probably the hardest part. Mostly because dealing with doctors when you have untreated adhd is probably the hardest thing to do when you have adhd (because paperwork and appointments and insurance) 

Don't give up! 