Kinda enjoying my brain off meds I take medication regularly but won’t get a refill for a few days. While I’m a little anxious about that, it is kind of nice to just embrace the chaos for a change.

The meds suppress my appetite and are much better than a cup of coffee at keeping me awake. So now that I’m off them, I’m sleeping like a rock instead of cleaning during my son’s naps, and eating whatever I feel like. 

I’m also just doing whatever sounds fun at the moment. I’m trying new recipes (again, hello appetite!) and watching shows I haven’t thought about in years because they popped into my mind. Planning to show my son Goosebumps because I’m feeling the 90’s Canadian corny horror today!

Just trying to be positive instead of feeling anxious and useless off my meds like I normally do. I use my meds like a tool and it seems to have a positive impact on me! I take it on the days when I need to focus like school days, and when I don't need it I don't take it. I enjoy my brain off meds just as much as I enjoy being able to focus. If you haven't tried doing this before it could add a very interesting dynamic to your daily life! I tend to find that when taking medication after a day off, I feel depressed and moody. That’s why I avoid days off of medication I can kinda relate. I try not to take my meds on weekends, but I am SUPER sluggish and lazy without them, so I really only take the day off if I don't have much to get done. When I can take the day off it's really nice! I can actually laze around and enjoy doing nothing, which isn't really an option when I'm on my meds.

&#x200B;

But definitely the biggest thing I enjoy about taking days off is cooking and eating -- I've always been really passionate about cooking, I'm a really good cook and I love cooking at home. When I started meds I really lost a lot of the interest in food because I lost so much of my appetite. In a way, this has been great, because I've been able to focus on frugal meals and healthy meals and not just eating exactly what I want 24/7. But days off are the BEST. I have such a sweet tooth and I get to snack on so many awesome foods and enjoy all of it fully. So I feel you on that.

&#x200B;

So, yeah! Sounds like you've got the right idea. Enjoy your snacks, enjoy your naps (the other afternoon i fell asleep and it was my first nap in a year - it was GLORIOUS) and definitely go easy on yourself. 

&#x200B; I'm at the point that I feel extremely tired if I don't take my meds. It's a rather sad state of affairs Please tell me the name of your meds. I am a woman over 50 had hysto and now menopause along with ADHD {anticipating my evaluation } has made dieting and sticking with it near impossible.

Remember I am asking for a friend. Me.  I want to try this. I have a bad oral fixation (used to bite my nails a lot as a kid, quit smoking a few years ago) so when I'm off my meds I either have to chew gum constantly or I bite the inside of my lip. For some reason, my meds keep it at bay. Goosebumps is Canadian ?? Those books were my childhood, I even live in Canada and didn’t know this  My rx runs out this weekend but I'll be out of state traveling so I had to cut back this week. Figured out it out a bit late so now today and tomorrow I'm not taking any meds. Brain chemistry has felt a little off - luckily I'm working remotely all week so I can take breaks more often and don't have much contact or any with coworkers. I mowed and trimmed the yard, and weeded a our sidewalk today. Felt like that helped me not think about feeling "off" with no meds today. You’re right. I’m the first to admit I rely too much on the pills so it’s hard to resist the temptation to take them for day to day tasks when they’re available. I read on this sub a post about how every day feels like a mountain you need to climb, and that’s very true to me. The difference is that when I have medicine, my attitude is that I CAN do it versus I MUST do it.

It’s why I’m grateful to have a few days between refills. Forces me to take a break and “climb the mountain” with no crutch. Same here. I enjoy being by myself with my brain without meds, in face i think it's important to do this. ADHD medication is a good tool indeed, but it's also good to go without them for a while. Since i do see what good they can do i keep taking them, but i do not like feeling like a robot all the time. Sometimes i just need to be me... Are you taking Ritalin? I’m doing the same. I like my brain, just that I need to get work done and function like a normal human at time. It gives control as to when I can switch my ADHD off for a while.  Interesting, I have the opposite effect. After taking the meds again after a short break, they seem more effective. Taking them several days in a row seems to build a bit of a tolerance. Haha I’m a lousy cook and usually don’t even try, but I’m better when I’m off the meds. It’s the only thing I do better without them. 

And my diet is totally different on my days off. When I take the meds, I eat like a bird. Off them, I eat like a ravenous lion. I also eat lots more sweets. I don’t exactly advertise that I take daily medication, so people notice and wonder if I’m pregnant. I always pass it off as just being in a snacky mood.

Of course, when I WAS pregnant, I got off the medication completely. So I ate whatever I wanted and a lot of it all the time. Again, I am very private when it comes to my medication, so I told people it was just pregnancy cravings. So now I get side eyes if they see me eating that same food. But the reality is that it’s just my normal diet when I actually have an appetite. I’d probably be pretty big if it wasn’t for Ritalin lol Are you sure it is simply not your body telling you to rest? What you should to if your body tells you to rest is to rest.

It can be as simple as that. I'm like that myself. If I take my medications for too many days in a row combined with my job i can be absolutely exhaused, which obviously is to be expected.

The solution for that is to simply rest until i feel better.

However, the thing i compare it to is that my body/brain is a battery that runs out of energy quicker and takes longer than most others to charge. Same here. And the night after I ran out, my son had a really bad night and I got very little sleep. That’s a non-issue when I have meds because they’ll wake me right up. But without them, I was useless all day after. :( [deleted] Ritalin. It will definitely help with portion control as long as you make yourself eat for every meal. Don’t let yourself starve! These meds want you to starve lol. Try just letting the chaos rule for a bit, you mean? I turned into a daily user and that's when things went south. I became dependant and I finally told my doc to cut me off. I performed better with it but I need to try a non-stimulant. 

Don't feel guilty if you need it though. I've been working with a nutritionist and she's impressed with my healthy diet and exercise...but I still have ADD. It's a real problem and we can't "just get over it". It really is a choice of lesser evil. I'm actually doing extended release 20mg Adderall. It's been doing well for me so far, I've been able to learn a lot about myself and grow Interesting, maybe it’s just I am a huge fan of routine and knowing myself very well. And when I break the routine my thinking shifts into unexpected processes and maybe it’s that I’m then unable to do something as well I was before which causes my mood to go down.  Hello. It is so good to see a woman who has gone through some female life/body changes on this forum!

Thanks for this post, like I said above I am a woman over 50had hysto = instant menopause, along with finding out I have ADHD ( appt in December for full diagnosis process). I walk and try to workout, but lately I have just given up on beating myself up about how I eat. I thought I was the only one in the world with this kind of ravenous sweets craving.

Believe me - I have tried it all. Lo-carb and working out is the only thing that has ever worked...but NOT LONG TERM. I finally came to terms with it may be something in my brain. I researched, quietly lurked on this topic here on Reddit, then finally signed up for my own acct. Seeing, reading and most importantly FEELING the similarities here has brought me much peace and acceptance. I can' t tell you how many hours I cried after reading some of the posts here, reading the lovely replies..it's all been wonderful for me.

Only in the last two weeks have I put the pieces together with all my resources and I do mean resources, i.e excercise equipment, videos (on tape..I am older ), dvds. weights, supportive wonderful husband..and yet I fail after spectacular starts..a few pounds gone and then the wall rolls in and I just stop. As in full stop...sit down..no excercise for a week..and then I start the process all over again.

Exhaustion. Frustration. Elation. Forget I even have excercise equipment in that way only ADHD'rs know. As in I could literally walk past the same equipment I have  been using lately with no feeling and interest what so ever, then wait a couple of days then I am back into it.

So yes, I am fully anticipating this upcoming appt. In the meantime a little help or suggestions on the type of medications and their results in other posters lives has been very reassuring for me.

&#x200B; Cooking is the only thing I can do effectively without meds besides maybe videogames. The only time I need meds to cook is, like, thanksgiving time when I have to get up at 6 and knock out ten bajillion different things.

I have a TERRIBLE sweet tooth. One of the best side-effects of taking Vyvanse is that even at like midnight, when it has long worn off, I don't have as much of a craving for sweets and snacking as I used to.

Don't get me wrong - I'll still destroy a bag of sour gummi worms - but it's much less often, which is nice.

The only bad thing is sometimes when I'm not on my meds, I'll just snack and snack until I give myself a tummy ache. Like a little kid. Haha. [deleted] Well I didn't sleep last night, but in general I'm pretty good  Thank you kind lady!! My best to you on this spectacular journey! It’s probably a mind thing for me. I go a few days being unfocused and then I take my meds and it feels like a new world where I get things done. No problem! I’m so glad you’re getting the help you need! I do wonder if a ravenous sweet tooth is a symptom of ADD/ADHD, now that you mention it. I didn’t take my medicine and woke up today NEEDING an ice cream cone. And I got one. At 9:00 am. Surely that’s not normal? 😅 Late 30s here but I knew I had ADD since I was about 12. The key is to find a way to live with it. For instance I always put my keys, wallet, etc. in the same place or else I'll lose it. I have a routine pat-down before leaving the house to ensure I have everything.

The biggest thing I do is talk up a big game with things I struggle with. At work I wanted a promotion so I boasted to everyone that I was working for it. The pressure kept me on top of it. My exercise routine, again I bragged about how I'm getting ripped. Personally, I'll feel humiliated if I don't follow through and that keeps me going. Maybe braggadocio isn't for you but there's something out there that is. Haha I so feel you! Idk if you saw my edit about how my diet changed when I got off the meds for pregnancy, but I was like a little kid. I’d buy candy all the time and eat it all in one sitting. I never do that on the meds. 

Sometimes I’ll even freak myself out and think, “why am I willing to commit murder for a box of fruit roll ups right now? I haven’t felt like this since I was... *gulp*... PREGNANT!”

Then I remember I haven’t taken my Ritalin and I feel better lol. We slept through the night last night and I plan to go to bed early again tonight. :) But seriously, do make yourself eat. Otherwise you’ll end up binging later in the evening after it’s worn off. Lol. Normal for me..yes!!! I noticed that if I forced myself to eat I had less side effects. 