Who’d have thought I’d love reading? If y’all are anything like me- reading in school was absolute torture.  One sentence a hundred times and it still made no sense.  Reading Harry Potter wasn’t even fun as a kid, I always got cliff notes to keep up with friends.. 

Now though, I start reading a book while meds are kicked in- and I can’t put it down and will continue long after they’ve worn off.. it’s addicting.  Maybe the fact that it’s for pleasure and not required plays much more than a little bit into it.  The fact that I can stop if I don’t like it, but feel guilty if it’s a book I purchased for kindle..   

I’ve read more books in the past year than I did in my high school/college years.  When in elementary school I loved reading for fun, had hundreds of books and couldn’t wait to go to the library to get new ones.  Somewhere in middle school it became a chore and no enjoyment came from it..  only now as an adult am I learning to enjoy reading again. 

Anyone else feel the same? For me it was the fact I always loved reading. Reading became my hyperfocus before I ever touched video games. I could escape into books and loved to engross myself in their world assuming the writer was not awful.

I however without meds I cannot do math. Both in the sense of having the ability to sit and do the math and motivate myself through it. But on meds I can actually come to solutions and work through mistakes I make without wanting to quit in frustration. I think everyone is different and ADHD has varying effects on folks.

Awesome you have discovered a love of reading or that you can read while on meds. If you want some suggestions for the fantasy/sci-fi/auto-biography genres let me know. Yes please!! Charlene Harris is my easy guilty pleasure author, but I’ve recently done Magicians trilogy, Girl With the Dragon Tattoo trilogy, Ready Player One, Enders Game, Speaker of the Dead, and last night American Gods.. that was hard to get through even though I couldn’t put it down.  The others were easier..  Check out the Mistborn series by Brandon Sanderson. I am reading that currently and have had a hard time stopping. Or if you want a lengthy series that will keep you reading for awhile A wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan/Robert Sanderson. Those are more fantasy focused. Sci-fi Isaac Asimov's Foundation is a staple for any sci-fi reader.  