Reading books without Ritalin. I can do it?!?! So I'm currently on break from my generic Concerta because I'm starting a new job next week that will require more brain power and I'll have a 2 month gap without insurance. I'm coping at my current job by strategically using exercise, caffeine and "focus blend" essential oil (yeah i know). But when I get home I have managed to READ BOOKS without any help. I've gotten so tired of my ADHD making me feel like I'll never finish a book thus never allowing me to fulfill my dream of emptying my bookshelf. I psych myself up by saying "I just want to read right now" and putting my phone out of reach. I find a comfy spot, light a candle, and I don't even have music playing. I find reading something I know I'll enjoy (instead of just guessing) helps me tap into hyper focus. The more a book makes you want to say "just 1 more chapter" the faster you'll finish obviously. I'm not going to force myself to finish books I don't like anymore. I just gotta say "ok that was a waste of money" and donate it. I've read 2 books in the last 2 weeks and I've already started a 3rd. My ADHD is has not and never will go away but at least I'm finding that there actually are certain things I can do off ritalin and that feels pretty good. What are some hobbies or tasks you don't need meds to get motivated for?  Painting walls. I know! I used to dread them back when anxiety was an issue but treating that with an SSRI made me realize how relaxing painting was. I always wondered how I'd get "stuck" painting all night back when we bought our house. Didn't realize that I "liked" it until my anxiety was treated. Both me and my friend who have adhd, we both read alot better with less effort, tried reading with a friend?

personally best hobby for me when I am out of meds is moving about (dansing, martial art, swimming etc) and then programming afterwards.  Interesting!! My mom (who hasnt been diagnosed but I'm pretty sure is ADHD) has been a house painter for 15 years and I've always wondered why she doesn't quit since it takes a physical toll on her. Maybe she experiences the same thing as you I think it might be because there is a definite "finish" to the task. Most of my work and life are full of never ending tasks (raising two kids, programming). To have something like painting where you have a wall. When it's different color, you're done. It's a nice feeling. 