What is the best TODO List & Calendar (So two apps or all in one solution) you use to organize yourself? My biggest caveat to using any organizational tool is the extra work required in inputting anything. If you have me use google calendars i'm going to snooze.

It's good for rendezvous and certain further away time sensitive stuff but I need some kind of cool TODO list application aswell that I can just start my day, jot down what needs to be done at what time for that day (or even plan out the week), and have automatic EXTREMELY intrusive notifications on my PC (if they can sync to phone too that would be A+ but PC first) that just lets me know HEY BUDDY YES I NEED YOUR ATTENTION PLEASE. And basically breaks me out of my hyperfocus so i can remember that hey other things need to be done and its time to switch.

I haven't found anything that is low effort enough for me not to get annoyed and or abandon it completely. Or either it's simple to use like wunderlist but has a meh interface and organizational tabs and not a intrusive notification system that's enough to grab my attenion.

What do you guys use and have found successful? The right tool for the right job, I have 4-5 callendars from various emails/work etc, I use outlook calendar on my phone to unionize all of them into a single display.

I use google keep for lists, again right tool for the right job, I can place reminders on lists, or just jot notes to to remember to mention to the doc. etc.

trying to find a tool that does a dozen things right is hard, finding one that does one thing really well is easy.

edit - I also cary a bullet journal for tasks for that day that are not important enough to put in the calendar, and not long term enough to put into a keep list.  1. Todoist. It syncs to Google Calendar. The free version doesn't do alerts, but google calendar does. So write down what you need, and google calendar will set an reminder.   
Comes in different platforms: PC app and website and phone app and gmail plug-ins. It's really smart too. 
2. Or, have you tried Google assistant or Siri (if you're on iphone)?  
It's so weird that it works at all, but go ahead and try it.  
"Hey google set a reminder at 6pm today."  
*"ok what's the reminder of?"*  
"Pick up the kids."  
"OK the reminder is set at 6pm today for pick up the kids."  
And you'll get an alarm at 6. I use Wunderlist for this and I love it. And it's easy to sync it to iCal or Google Calendar so that your time sensitive tasks with due dates display there too. I would recommend TODO: Minimal Task Manager on Google Play. It does not have all the requirements you are looking for but it is really simple and easy to use. I guess my problem is I haven't found a single one that does what I want yet. I just want an easy to open PC software program that lets me type in tasks for the day, put a time on it for reminder purposes and have it aggressively remind me at the time of. Google calendar is just a little clunky for jotting down daily tasks on a daily basis. It's more for specific events. Outlook is just no for me. Wunderlist is the closest I got to a good to do list but its just not good enough. Im trying google tasks but it doesn't even let me  set a reminder for a specific time, only what day it should be done on Do i have to setup the alert after its synched to google calendar tho or does it work automatically? ill give it a spin.

 Hmm i'll have to give it a second spin then maybe i didnt know you could sync it with gcal https://www.guidingtech.com/google-tasks-vs-google-keep/

read up :P I'm actually subscribed to Todoist so I turned google calendar notification off. But it seems there's a one time set up and you'd be good to go.

https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37242

There's also desktop notification support so it'll pop up on the right side of your desktop when you're on Windows. seems neat. Cool ill try it out. Thanks! 