[Chrome] Useful organization tool for web browsing! **TL;DR: Awesome free Chrome extension that expands on traditional bookmarking by allowing you to save a "snapshot" of your original thought process through intuitive grouping of tabs and windows.**

Search the Chrome store for "Tabs Outliner"

I stumbled upon this extension a month ago and feel like it has changed my life!

If you are like me, you tend to go on ridiculous tangents when browsing and end up with 20+ open tabs. 
Of course, something else has caught your attention and you end up ignoring scores of tabs. You want to read those other tabs, but not right now! 

All those tabs are clogging up your PC resources, so what do you do? Before this extension, I used to bookmark a lot. Unfortunately what I discovered was that whenever I went back to the bookmarks, I would have to open 6 or 7 links and barely have a clue how they related to each other. 

This is where **Tabs Outliner** comes in. It goes a step further than bookmarks by allowing you to save entire windows of tabs at a time and organize them within their own tree. A simple drag and drop interface along with the ability to insert notes makes it easy and intuitive. You can export the tab hierarchies you created for easy sharing. You can even recover all or specific windows you were working on if Chrome crashes. **The bottom line is that it allows you to visualize and save your thought process!**

A couple of examples of how I've used it:

-> I use slickdeals a lot, so for every purchase I create a window that has all the relevant links open (rebates, warranty, discussion, etc.) A few weeks down the line, when I actually receive the product, I can open up the saved window and not just find all the relevant links, but take a look at the tab hierarchy and notes and immediately get transported back to that thought process!

-> I love to tweak my PC but end up digging up a ton of info regarding a subject I am not too familiar with. Once again I save the relevant tabs with the proper heirarchy to allow me to go back and read up if I ever need to trouble shoot. 

I know it s a long read and my explanation may not make sense, but I really feel like this community in particular will benefit from this extension. Please check it out!  Just added it. Thanks for the tip. 