I drew this little guy at a chalk festival last weekend  You have many talents, Ryan Gosling. [Picture from the other side to see the distortion](https://i.imgur.com/yWHrKlH.jpg)

I made this piece at the Pacific NW Chalk Art Festival. Really appreciate your work Ryan. That Driver movie was cold as hell.  https://imgur.com/rOgcZPk.jpg Nice! This was the only piece we snapped a picture of.  Great work! I love how you contributed to the illusion with the way you are holding the chalk! This is amazing! I didn't know a festival existed for this. Will definitely check it out next year!! 👍👍 How do I find out about things like a chalk festival?!?   How long did this take and how long have you been doing chalk/distortion (idk art terms) art? The guy holding the chalk in the work looks almost life like - kudos! So this is what Beerus does nowadays.  I can't barely get my name on paper...  Your drawing of Ryan Gosling looks so real  How is it that your clothes are so clean? Super amazing work, also (: That’s wild! You must be some kinda wizard!


Edit- in a very skilled “practiced your magic for decades” kind of way. Interesting. Did Joi like it? ~~Mr. Snugglebuns~~ Mr. Bigglesworth That's a lot of talent.... But also sorta creepy.  I want that dog. And a date with the artist, Mr. Gosling.  I'm surprised they could see it through all the smog Saw this with my family. Even the miserable ones were impressed This is awesome!  I'm amazed that you could do that with chalk! I still can’t see anyone else, even zoomed in full.  Seriously, this guy should go to clubs and profit. haha just a lucky angle I guess! I thought the same thing... who knew? Was this in Redmond town center? I wish I can unsee that! What a ballsy move putting a chalk festival in the PNW ...... Amazing! I think you’re the star of this show, tho. Terrific!  Thanks! Thank you!!! I couldn’t figure it out.  Thanks! They brought in a bunch of great artists from around the country. I would definitely recommend. Cities will often have websites that compile all the events happening around the city! For example, the chalk festival was listed on Redmond's event site: https://experienceredmond.com/redmond-events/
 This is why there are still newspapers. Seriously, though, The Seattle Times has a region-wide event calendar on their website and in Friday's print edition.  This piece probably took around 18 hours. I've been doing 3D chalk art for about 6 years Why is everyone so surprised that Ryan Gosling does chalk street art? Yeah, did a double take.  Seriously, when I zoomed in he looked even more like him. Yep! I saw some of that last week when I went to a movie out there. Great stuff. Not saying that, just that Ryan Gosling would choose a pseudonym like /u/punchymcskeletor but take an identifiable photo of himself and post it.   I’ll have to check it out! I’m on the east side too!  Huge He-Man fan! Didn't you know haha 