SR 99 tunnel grand opening celebration set for Feb. 2-3! We are excited to announce that we will be hosting a grand opening celebration of the new SR 99 tunnel on Feb. 2-3, 2019 to mark the completion of the tunnel, the final days of the viaduct and a revitalized waterfront! We'll have a fun run, a bike ride, you'll be able to check out the tunnel, enjoy an arts festival including live music, and try your hand at a number of STEM activities. Check out the event website at [99StepForward.com](https://99StepForward.com) and follow us on Twitter @BerthaDigsSR99 for more information. Hope to see you there!

https://i.redd.it/oj0lbaibfrv11.png

 I've heard this is BYOB When will the tunnel actually open to traffic? Let's start with: I'm asking for the purpose of understanding, not to whine. Because I really don't get it...
Why is the bike ride part of this given over to the Cascade Bicycle Club and why do they get to charge $40?    From. ….? We don't have a specific date but we expect it to take all of the scheduled 3-week closure to have it ready to open to traffic. The closure is scheduled to start on Jan. 11. >When will the tunnel actually open to traffic?

The tunnel will be clogged with traffic approximately 10 minutes after it's open to automobiles. HTH. Exactly! Why after almost $3 Billion in tax payer money to build this thing are people being charged $40-$60 just to ride through it on their bikes? Who is getting this money and why? The amount earned from this could be up to $600,000. The grand opening event wouldn’t be possible without the support of our sponsors and partners. The registration fees from the fun run and bike ride, along with sponsor and partner contributions, will cover the majority of the event’s costs. Our partnership with Cascade, a nonprofit with extensive experience organizing bike rides, allows us to produce this great event while also saving taxpayer dollars. And as a reminder, Saturday’s activities from 11 a.m. – 6 p.m. are free, although we’re encouraging everyone to secure a (free) ticket because entrance times will be staggered. 