What's the deal with Seattle's Automotive/Motorsport community -- does it exist?? Hey all -- well, I hate admitting this here, but I'm relocating to Seattle from NYC. I know the whole transplant discussion is painful and annoying so I apologize in advance! My wife and I recently married, and we're heading back to the city she grew up in to be near her family. On the positive, neither of us work in tech and at least one of us are PNW-OG?!? Am I trying to hard to fit in??

&#x200B;

Regardless, I'm an avid automotive and motorsports enthusiast -- I *attended* my first race at Road America as a 6-month old and spent my summers trackside, raced karts as a kid and teen in the midwest, started sim racing with Nascar Racing and Indycar Racing II, and had a short stint working at General Motors. Much to my wife's dismay, my love of motorsport has never wavered.

&#x200B;

Curious what kind of community the Seattle area has for motorsport. I'm familiar with LeMay, Pacific Raceways, Ridgeway Motorsports Park and the DirtFish crew, but Google'ing is only going to get me so far. I figure it's worth starting a discussion as I can't be the only motorsports-obsessed 30-something out that way -  right??? Pacific Raceways in Auburn  has a solid schedule of drag racing, vintage road racing (nobody even knows how long they’ve been road racing out there, that’s how sketchy it was in the beginning) including an NHRA national date.

There are a few oval tracks around if that’s your fancy, 

There’s a very hard core underground racing scene that I’m not really privy to, but it’s out there. 

 Check out [http://theshopclubs.com/](http://theshopclubs.com/) .  Hardcore gear-heads to luxury car owners, all kinds of people that can probably help you find the crowd you're looking for. We have a couple good rallies in the area. Olympus Rally, Tour De Forest, and Oregon Trail down in Hood River, OR.

Rally is the hot ticket around here right now because you can do it in the rain first and foremost, and we have a local presence with Dirtfish Rally School.

Red Bull Rallycross would stop up here before that series shit the bed. Hopefully ARX expands up here eventually as that series grows. Lots of low level rallycross events in the region as well if you're looking to get involved.

Most of the good road racing events in the region end up at PIR in Portland. Other people mentioned Pacific Raceways, but there's also The Ridge out on the Peninsula that has some cool stuff going on from time to time but looks like you're aware of that. Break out the fart can and keychains on the towhook and hut up the Kent races my dude 

 Skagit Speedway is a great dirt oval if you are into that. Their weekly shows run 360 winged sprints, and wingless midgets. They also get the outlaws 410 sprints once a year. I hear the midget class is fairly affordable if you are looking to race. I also run on iRacing, mostly dirt stuff.

I think there is a drag strip in Kent somewhere that hosts NHRA, not sure what their weekly show consists of. Check it Spirit Peaks Raceway for drifting and rallycross/rallysprint We almost had a nascar track The closest thing I've ever seen be publicized here in Seattle that's remotely motorsport was the annual monster truck rallies in the 90s that would hit the Tacoma Dome every fall. Other than that, you're really only going to find locally-run car showsbut nothing truly competitive.

Seattle, as a community, just isn't into that sort of thing. this looks vaguely familiar to the Classic Car Club that's been spinning around in NYC and London -- I'm quite a fan of the shared space/private-club concept. It's unfortunately always a bit beyond my means financially, but I love seeing that a large portion of The Shop's footprint is open to the public. This is great - thanks! Beat me to it- go by The Shop and chat some people up. Good people all around. I've been keeping a close eye on ARX ever since Red Bull GRC folded -- it's owned and operated by the mega successful event producer IMG. I fully expect the 2019 season schedule to expand, and fingers crossed Seattle gets the nod.  