[Serious Question] Locals of Seattle, has there ever been a grassroots movement or an event that caused local Seattleites to want to rid the downtown area drugs, drug dealers, homelessness etc?  Serious answer:  


Seattle has had issues with vagrants and undesirables as long as it has been around and the city has tried to deal with it for over a century.  


[https://kuow.org/stories/sordid-history-seattle-chain-gangs/](https://kuow.org/stories/sordid-history-seattle-chain-gangs/)  


&#x200B; Yes. We've considered a state income tax and rezoning for density, but there's fierce opposition so here we are. you sound bitter  
edit: nvm actually I’m bitter Your "serious question" is based on a false premise -- that "local Seattleites" currently *don't* want to rid the downtown area [of] drugs, drug dealers, homelessness, etc.

What is your *real* question? Or are you pushing an agenda? Short answer: No

Long answer: Progressives [by Seattle standards] of Seattle do not view drugs, camping, and panhandling as problematic. It’s only when enough businesses are hurt enough to band together that any lobbying or campaigning (to decrease these problems) even starts. The common consensus among ultra-progressives is that homelessness can best be solved by providing housing and drugs. This likely has some truth to it but there has to be rules for living in free housing and the goal of providing drugs should be to [give stability to addicts and] wean people off drugs. Therefore, the shelters/housing projects/tiny home communities that allow residents to take drugs on premise which do not provide services for addiction rehabilitation only make the problem worse (as seen on Aurora). [Needle exchange programs and safe injection sites help the situation as does low-barrier housing with support services; however, allowing people to shoot up street drugs in a trailer park is not providing a safe injection site.]

However, the drug problem exploded because the ACA made pain a “vital sign” and opioid painkillers were overprescribed until further changes made the prescriptions halt. This problem was caused by pharmaceutical companies wanting to increase sales. The restriction was a snapback after realizing how bad of an idea that was once real life data came in. You say it like drugs, drug dealers and homelessness are a bad thing?

In Seattle, we love these things because we enact heavy handed policies to exacerbate them. no, that goes against our "tolerance" and "progressiveness"  For anyone who doubts the veracity of this statement, check out "Streetwise" (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Streetwise_(1984_film)), which was filmed in 1983 but many of the issues talked about in that film are still highly relevant.

Also, heroin was such a major issue with many of the Seattle grunge bands that songs about this very drug are rampant from that mid-1990s time period.

This isn't new. None of this is new. In the late 1800s there was a census of occupations for tax purposes. Seattle listed 2,700 "seamstresses". [https://blog.seattlepi.com/thebigblog/2011/02/25/meet-lou-graham-seattle%E2%80%99s-most-notorious-madam/](https://blog.seattlepi.com/thebigblog/2011/02/25/meet-lou-graham-seattle%E2%80%99s-most-notorious-madam/) Capital gains tax > progressive income tax Thanks for the reply. No agenda. It’s a sincere question. It seems like in my 6 months of living downtown, the open drug usage has become more prevalent. The number of individuals with mental health issues seems to have also increased. 

Because I’ve been here for a relatively short time, I was inquiring as to whether locals, potentially fed up with the city’s inaction, organized to help clean up downtown. 

 > However, the drug problem exploded because the ACA made pain a “vital  sign” and opioid painkillers were overprescribed until further changes  made the prescriptions halt. This problem was caused by pharmaceutical  companies wanting to increase sales. The restriction was a snapback  after realizing how bad of an idea that was once real life data came in. 

The pharmaceutical companies are being sued over false marketing and purposely supplying the black market.  This is way beyond overprescribing.  It's also not the main driver of the problems we're seeing 8 years later, which is being driven by cheap Chinese fentanyl.   >  Progressives \[by Seattle standards\] of Seattle do not view drugs, camping, and panhandling as problematic. 

  
Do the rest of you sane folks ever wonder about the nutcases like this guy who honestly believe this? Like what kind of people they interact with on a daily basis that they could not only believe something this insane but be so confident that it was true they would rant about it online like this?   


Of course progressives think drug abuse, inadequate housing and the need to beg as problematic. We have since progressives first became a political force. Hell the failure of the government to deal with those issues is largely why progressives formed.  If conservatives would quit fighting with every breath and let us actually implement solutions we could improve things tremendously, but they won't. >	Progressives of Seattle do not view ... as problematic

TL;DR - Liberals are the problem and Obummer! fucked us over? I swear you’d be a great writer for Breitbart. not during depressions

&#x200B; It’s because Seattle sucks and needs a mayor like Bloomberg. Get this shit out of the city. Is there still a dshs office near 2nd amd blanchard?  Because that would be a place those with mental health issues go for services. Okay, so you moved into one of the highest rent areas of the city, from somewhere else, with no context, and you'd love it if we would gentrify it up for you so that it's not quite as 'real', eh?

&#x200B;

Sorry, it turns out that people moving here with tons of money are actually a big part of the creation of this  problem. Maybe you can contribute to the solution by encouraging the owner of your building to provide some low cost housing so that the people who lived downtown before it cost $3000/month can live there again. I've lived in Seattle since I was born. We buy those drugs, why the fuck would we want to get rid of them? Get rid of the ones with bunk shit, and keep the dealers with good shit. That's a local response. They're not hurting anyone that doesn't want to hurt themselves. Focus on people actually hurting others or don't, but those dealers wouldn't exist if we didn't buy their drugs. I’m progressive by most standards but merely moderate by Seattle standards.

I specifically said drugs, camping, and panhandling, not drug addiction, inadequate housing, and the need to beg. If you actually read my post, you would see that I want there to be more affordable housing, especially in affordable areas near transit stops. I want more services available for the impoverished (including free drug rehabilitation and the removal of mandatory minimums and weight of containers being calculated as an offense) because Republicans keep slashing services while cutting taxes on the rich.

Most of the far left persons I met view drug abuse as a coping method and underestimate the dangers of most drugs. They view camping as a means for poor people to find shelter in a place they deem vital but overpriced. They believe that clearing out encampments is immoral while also believing that affordable housing in the suburbs are inconvenient. They encourage panhandling despite it being illegal and the recent revelations that some panhandlers have been proven to be rich and many have access to services and want to buy drugs. That’s not what I said. The problem was caused by the pharmaceutical industry’s corporate lobbying, which “encouraged” (bribed) GOP legislators to insert bad policy into an originally noble endeavor. The public option was also destroyed similarly (by private insurance companies lobbying Republicans). How is wanting to clean up downtown of drugs, drug paraphernalia and homelessness, an act of gentrification? 

I think we all can agree that human feces, syringes, prostitution, crime, trash and panhandling don’t fit the the vision of a working/middle class society.  I agree! While the quanity is sufficient, the quality of the drugs has actually declined in Seattle over the last few years.  Drug abuse IS a coping mechanism, a really crappy one on par with bulemia or cutting, but a way for people to cope with a lousy world. Camping IS a means for poor people to find shelter and clearing out encampments IS immoral. I don't think you can realistically argue with any of those points (well you could argue the morality of clearing out encampments but most reasonable people would agree you were wrong).  


But from there you start describing people I don't know, don't encounter and while I don't entirely doubt they exist certainly doubt that they account for any significant amount of "far left" thought. You honestly know someone who identifies as far left who opposed affordable housing in the suburbs? Almost every progressive I know is entirely in favor of that. I don't think anyone underestimates the dangers of most uncontrolled drugs, they just find the need usually outweighs the risk.  


The legality of panhandling has nothing to do with its morality and I would love to see a link to this "proof panhandlers are rich",  it sounds like rightwing gibberish like we see from the cheetoh.

&#x200B; It's totally reasonable to want downtown to be nicer than it is right now. But asking why local Seattlites haven't bothered to do anything about it is pretty fucking presumptuous. Especially when the problem is pretty much rooted in non-locals showing up in droves and driving housing prices through the roof (100% increase in 8 years, for a house, roughly).

&#x200B;

We have been trying to clean the situation up but the 'situation' includes some people and if you could show a little respect for them that would be nice. Homeless people are not 'objects' that you can throw in the trash and 'clean up'. They need some empathy and some solid steps, like low cost housing and services, to help them.

&#x200B;

It is a hard problem. Some of our ideas work, some do not. But your question seems to imply that we're disgusting slobs who are perfectly happy to see homeless people wander around without shelter or help. It also seems to completely ignore that we're trying to solve the problem. Maybe tune into your local political discussion before dissing the entire city, eh? To be completely fair, I didn’t ask “why” there hasn’t been anything done, I simply asked “has” there been anything done, moreover, by locals (hence the use of the word “Grassroots”) 

I’m not “dissing” your city. I often donate to and volunteer with several outreach groups that help the homeless population. I also do pro bono legal work in that same community. 

I understand the city government has been trying to address the issue but (again) my question was centered around the actual residents of Seattle. 

Your response is rooted in frustration and prejudice.  Do I blame you for your tone, absolutely not, however please spare me. 
 Good on you for doing pro bono work and volunteering! That is excellent, I appreciate it. But please spare me the naivete, your 'serious question' comes across as trolling. There are 700k people in Seattle, you think no one has ever thought about the issue before or tried to do something?

The thing that the actual residents of the city are doing: Voting for city council members who are trying to address the problem, raising taxes to do that work, encouraging re-zoning so that we can build more housing, etc.

I am of the opinion that this is a systemic problem which needs a city-sized solution and that asking whether anything 'has been done by the local citizens' about the situation is just the wrong way to even think about it.

Yes, I'm definitely frustrated by the repeated queries on this subreddit about the situation. Hi! Yes, there is a problem. Thank you for the 1000th inaugural post about it.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Seattle/search?q=homeless&restrict_sr=1 