Protest happening now at Cal Anderson! https://act.moveon.org/event/mueller-firing-rapid-response-events/search/  Federal building now! This got WAY bigger - the photo doesn’t do it justice. I would guess 2-3 thousand. On the bus tryin to get there - anyone know where the crowd is?? [some photos of the start](https://imgur.com/gallery/QUwtm8T). Does anyone have a video of the dancing russian puppet Trump sign? Soooooooo what was this even about?  adorable Was this permitted? What a joke. Childish NPC's doing what they're programmed to. The Mueller investigation is an obvious PR stunt because the Dems were butthurt they lost an election and needed an excuse.

"Trump is such a crazy ruthless evil wicked dictator that he allows the press to openly mock him every day and freely allows protests across the country! Second coming of Hitler! Mussolini all over again!! I hate having tax cuts, the Koreas demilitarizing their border, record economic growth, record minorities and women with jobs, renegotiated trade deals that save the US so many billions of dollars a year! We're all gonna die!!"

Bring on the downvotes. I don't give a shit, two shits, a rat's ass or a flying fuck. Take your pick.

Anyone who thinks Trump conspired with Putin to steal the US election by using Facebook memes needs their head examined. Give me a break. This is laughable, Big Brother is playing you like a fiddle, and you're all making fools of yourselves. Dance, lemmings! Dance! and its doing what? Boy there might be 300 people, that will sure show Trump. LOL [deleted] Where it at now? Based on how long it took for everyone to move down the street, yeah that was a big crowd Lol. Come on man. There is no way there are even 500 people in this photo Federal building  I don’t see them, think they light have started marching [More from the March and the end](https://imgur.com/gallery/dGZQrcZ).
 [Russian Narrative Delusionists, the new Birthers](https://i.imgur.com/oDccpUg_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&shape=thumb&fidelity=medium) [deleted] That was a fun sign. The lady said that she had never been more popular than  she was making Cossack Trump dance for Putin the Puppetmaster. No video, sorry. The change in federal attorney general puts the investigation into Trump cheating in 2016 at risk of being shut down by the people being investigated.  The protests are to let the administration know that’s not ok with the people.  Id give you gold if i had one. Yes. By the 1st amendment.  Asking permission to protest kinda feels antithetical to the point.  \> The Mueller investigation is an obvious PR stunt  ...  because the Dems were butthurt    

The Special counsel, Robert Mueller (Republican), was appointed by assistant AG,  Rod Rosenstein (Republican), who was appointed by Donald Trump in April 2017. Rod Rosentein was formerly the US Attorney for Maryland, appointed by President Bush (Republican) in 2005.   

Explain to me again how any of this has anything to do with The Democratic Party?   

If you are getting downvoted, it's not for your opinion, it's because your claims are easily demonstrated as false. There were over 300 (probably close to 1,000) people at the Olympia protest. I imagine Seattle numbers were much higher. Try thousands The dude has been throwing red faced tantrums all week. This crowd  could be isolated to Seattle and have only been 3 people and he would have rage shit his pants. I was just there watching, it looked like maybe 10k? It's hard to tell, there's few good sightlines in Cal Anderson. 

This is an early picture, I assume before the official 5PM start time. One of the usual Seattle socialists who makes everything about socialism showed up with a red flag on a giant pole shortly after 5 - he would have been front and center in that picture.

I think the full crowd was about slightly smaller than the post-2016 election demonstration at Cal Anderson.  he was crying before this even happened so it doesn’t take much to get him goin, i’m sure this will set him off yea  Cope harder  This was as it started. Hundreds of people poured in after the event started 

https://i.imgur.com/PE7qZb7.jpg This is one city out of hundreds and not even the full group. People will also be joining at different points. I get the frustration, I’m upset also. Everyone should be in the streets. But from what I’m seeing from all cities participating it’s a good amount of people total. The march stretches more blocks than I can see.  Whole road curb to curb. Easily thousands and thousands. It's almost like a lot of people work until 5pm (at the earliest) or something. :o Federal building  This photo was taken as we were filing in -- before the speakers even started, judging from the light. Trust me, it expanded. I like how i got down voted for stating a fact. You all are pathetic. Thanks!  Thanks!  Yay! Spotted myself in one of your pics. https://i.imgur.com/6bBeCAz.jpg

Thousands in front of the courthouse. Packed. Ohhhhh. So just another generic protest. Gotcha  And yes, in fact it was. I personally saw the clipboards with the permits. The governor even attended and addressed the crowd. It was not only permitted but encouraged. That’s not how it works. That’s not how any of this works.  True.  For a small-scale protest you don’t need a permit.  But, for larger protests like this one, where people are walking on the street, streets have to be blocked off, you need law enforcement to do that.  And that coordination with the local authorities.  And that requires money.  I think they estimated 18,000 dollars. I would guess 5000 marched. I was there Lol sure thing buddy. [deleted] Ah yea I saw that person with the super tall flag. Seemed oddly tall and unstable to me, but whatever floats your boat I guess.  No it is not, this is sad. TY So you can’t read? There was a police escort and the Mayor spoke there. Does that answer your question? Amendment I. Congress shall make no law respecting... the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances. lol truth hurts huh, better run back to t_d Yeah cuz yelling about people breaking laws is so much worse than people that break laws.  So when a president tries to shut down a investigation into himself for two years that’s not weird to you at all? A investigation that has gotten multiple guilty verdicts and deals made? You know, removing your head from your ass just to breath every once in a while might help you with this fog of delusion you seem to be suffering from. Lolwut. There are multiple thousands in the street stretching more blocks than I can see. What are you looking at? Oh no, I can. It's just I would rather go to work and earn some extra cash then go to another protest that doesn't change anything and just annoys people. 

Now watch as my comment gets downvoted into oblivion by everyone just for having a different opinion. Don't forget, Govorner Jay Inslee was present and gave an opening speech. No, not really.  Having laws preventing something, and not allowing unorganized protest in a metropolitan area, are wildly different. it is a little ironic that you have to petition the government for the right to petition the government however.
 Yes, that’s the first amendment. I don’t see how congress making laws applies to permits for protests in Seattle.  Yes it does, the truth that these "protests" are useless. If people can't even go vote, I don't know why you were expecting to make an impact. [deleted] [deleted] His view is impaired, what with his head up his ass and all. Lol, you can pretend to not know what this about, you can pretend to not care, and you can pretend these protests don’t matter.

But it is really obvious that you do care, these protests do matter, and it’s clearly getting under your skin.  I love it when someone says something idiotic then predicts their downvotes like some tweenage edgelord  > doesn’t change anything 

Sure buddy. People marching and making their opinions known publicly “doesn’t change anything.” That’s why people have been doing it for millennia, because it’s so useless. 

> downvotes

Ask and ye shall receive.  It officially started at 5 PM aka when an awful lot of people get off work. Why does it annoy you? Thank you for being a rational and compassionate person in a sea of idiocy.  I'll answer it.

Yes.

Does that answer it? You may want to read up on your constitutional law. The 14th Amendment incorporated the Bill of Rights on the states (and by extension local governments, which derive their authority from the states).

You may also be interested in reading the [Washington State Constitution](http://leg.wa.gov/LawsAndAgencyRules/Pages/constitution.aspx):

> SECTION 4 RIGHT OF PETITION AND ASSEMBLAGE. The right of petition and of the people peaceably to assemble for the common good shall never be abridged. Red still has the Senate. Trump will win in 2020. Leftist will cry and march the streets angrily and uninformed, all while economy and gdp grow, and unemployment goes down. > anything Trump has done this week

Sorry you don’t like the topic you brought up.  So why do you and your god emperor care sooooo much? T_D user calling 3,000+ people "probably 300."

What a joke. Goes on to say that protesting does nothing. But the proof is in the pudding. If these protests weren't a threat, there wouldn't be trolls like him downplaying them with obvious lies. [deleted] Thank you for a straight answer.  Yeah, well that still doesn’t bypass the needs for permits in Seattle’s city limits. You sound like the Patriot Prayer people.  Thanks, Obama! Well, Trump and his supporters aren't known for estimating the size of crowds very well, are they? Thanks, but just to clarify: I wasn’t being sarcastic.  No problem.  Whoa hey wait a minute. That was the biggest inauguration crowd ever and we both know it. /s 