New Year's Eve Proposal Hi everyone, new to the subreddit, so I apologize if I'm breaking a subreddit rule by posting this.

&#x200B;

Long story short, my brother (27yo) is visiting for a week, including New Year's Eve. He's planning on proposing to his girlfriend, as a surprise, on New Year's Eve, at midnight. So far we've suggested not proposing right at midnight and instead proposing at Snoqualmie Falls, or Crystal Ridge, or even going down to Point Ruston in Tacoma, but he really wants to do it at midnight on NYE because she'll enjoy that the most. 

&#x200B;

So our next plan was Tacoma's First Night event, but we just saw that it was cancelled this year due to budgetary issues. My question is, what are some cool venues for my brother to propose to his girlfriend on NYE?? Positives would include fireworks, beautiful city views (I realize it's at night), live music (not a must), a fun party that's probably not going to be too out of control, and a commute time of an hour or less (we live in Puyallup). Thanks in advance for your help! He could take her up to Kerry park, that's where they take those pictures of the Space needle and Mount Rainier. They do fireworks from the Needle at midnight Argosy is running NYE fireworks cruises.  If you can score tickets, and they’re probly pricey, the Columbia tower throws an AMAZING NyE party with tons of gourmet food, cocktails, different rooms filled w deserts/apatizers and you’re eye level with the space needle fireworks.  You guys should drive over to Leavenworth and do it with the Christmas lights in the background! They can still celebrate on NYE... just had to plug my hometown
Edit: I just saw the 1hr or less request... I apologize! I recommend the new Years event at the Pacific Science Center. Fireworks (Space Needle), music, and a fun party that's not too wild. At a recent event there, an employee mentioned that a few years ago, a couple requested doing so in their butterfly house, and someone took them in there, away from the event. The staff are friendly. No. I like this one! Gonna check it out for sure! Did this two years ago. Best Seattle NYE I ever had. Thanks! I'll look into it! No worries! I've suggested Leavenworth already and it was dismissed as being to far away/too difficult to get to if there's snow. I'd be all for Leavenworth if it were up to me personally. As far as I'm aware, "No." isn't a venue. I know it can be hard when you're out of practice, but at least try to be nice. No is, in fact, a venue. But no one can get in. Everytime you ask the bouncer, he shakes his head and says "No." 

Are you new to Seattle? I figured as much. Anyhow, you're welcome. 