Paralyzed when deciding between tasks I’m not really sure if this is related to the ADHD or not. Wondering if anyone else struggles with this. I can only give an example to explain it. 

Today, I wanted to work out. I got up at 9:30 (after snoozing my alarm for 1.5 hours, but what’s new lol). I made a promise I would go to the gym right after getting up. After fucking around for half an hour, I decided “ok let’s do this.” 

I started getting ready, but I thought “it’s not snowing, and I miss the outdoors. Maybe I should go on a hike instead.” So I get prepared for that. But then I think “yeah but a hike isn’t really a good work out. And what about my PT exercises I have to do?” I’ll probably forget to do them if I don’t go to the gym. Maybe I’ll do both— let’s pack warm clothes with my gym clothes. Do I wear my sneakers outside or bring boots? Wait, will I even have enough time to hike? I also have to go to the store, finish 2 chapters of my textbook, and finish my painting. Oh and I have to get my house ready the party tonight! 

And so I ruminated over this for like 20 minuets. I couldn’t properly get ready because I couldn’t decide which task to do. Do I get ready for the gym? Do I dress warm for outside? If I want to do both, which one should I do first? I ended up going to the gym, but now it’s snowy and wet outside so I don’t really want to hike anymore. 

This is how a lot of my life goes. I always feel torn between different options because I can’t decide which to start first. This sort of ties in to why cleaning feels overwhelming too. Do I do the dishes first? Well maybe I should scrub the bath so I can wash my hands before doing the dishes. I should probably take out he trash first, too. But wait then I should do the cat litter first. Once I do the cat litter, maybe I can vacuum. And on and on and I never end up doing anything because I can’t figure out the best order to do things in, and then it’s 12am. I guess you could call this procrastination, but it’s not even fun procrastination. It’s me feeling overwhelmed and doing basically nothing (scrolling through the internet, pacing, staring at nothing) because I’m trying to make a decision I just can’t seem to make. 

Anyone else do this? Is this ADHD stuff or just other stuff? this is pure ADHD!

This is frequently referred to as Executive Disfunction. There are some good videos on youtube by Russell A. Barkley, Ph.D.
 This is totally an ADHD thing. 

I do this at work all the time. I'll end up wasting an entire day because I can't decide what task to do so I just don't do any of them. Same with stuff at home as well.  Holy hell this is something I struggle with SO MUCH. If I don't know EXACTLY what I need to do at any given moment I just sit in limbo. Like I need extremely rigorous structure and no breathing room to get shit done. If I find myself between studying or eating I'll actually sit there for 1hr+ just debating what I should do.

I operate best when there's no options, just one thing I have to do right now. If I have an option or two things of equal importance my brain sees only the window of opportunity to take as long as possible to make a decision between the two... making everything hella worse in the end.

Sorry had to get that out bc I've been trying to study since the morning but I haven't eaten yet so this is really relevant atm My computer has stayed on for over a week, so I can do something that will take me about 15-20 minutes to get done. I get out of bed thinking about doing it and go to bed thinking the same.  

I'll eventually do it, and think to myself "Wtf is wrong with me? I did this a thousand times before. I know how to do it, I know I'll feel good after I did it, and yet, keep postponing everything. Next time I'll just get to it, and do it right away...." Yeah. My coping strat was just "do whatever comes into my mind first". I think I told me wife something along the lines of "I don't know, I just did it" when I was asked why I made a certain decision (pre-dx).

&#x200B;

Post meds, I am actually having to learn what I like and have found I'm a bit more picky than I was before. It's like I can think about something and choose a decision based on my preferences as opposed to choosing something at random (or the only thing I remembered from a list of options). It makes me want to fucking die  sounds like me deciding which assignment to do, in the end i did not do both and start rushing through deadline.


^^^^like ^^^^what ^^^^I'm ^^^^doing ^^^^right ^^^^now ^^^^help Im stuck in that rut right now with work. (see example of me being on reddit instead)   I thought you were stalking me with the detailed descriptions as I have same issues right down to cat litter and vacuming This sounds like any unstructured day for me. If my calendar at work is not full, then this indecision ultimately happens to me.  I do this on a regular basis. Or sometimes I avoid doing something because there is this one step I have to take before doing the thing I want/need to do, but instead of just taking 5 minutes and doing it, I avoid it all. Like if I need to load the dishes in the dishwasher to clean out the sink, but there’s still clean dishes in the dishwasher that need to be put away first, if I don’t want to put the clean dishes away, I argue with myself about putting them away. I tell myself I need to do this but then become really resistant to it (like I’m arguing in my head about just fucking doing it already and then how much I don’t want to). Ultimately I won’t do any of it because I can’t make myself put the damn clean ones away. Once I finally get around to doing it I’m like damn, that was so fast and easy, why didn’t I just do it right away? It’s like a roadblock is removed and I can now go about the task I wanted to do. 

I will also dive into 30 other things in order to avoid doing that one task that I just don’t want to do. It’s overwhelming.  Yes. This is ADHD.

Flip a coin maybe. 

Or forgive yourself for not doing both and give yourself credit for accomplishing the gym. 

It’s okay. You did good! Hopefully you can get on a hike on a nice day soon. Try writing out your plan the night before and then carrying that with you all day. That in-the-moment choice is the enemy when your mind works how it does. You can do this. Yes, this is absolutely the ADHD. 

For some things, I think you would be better off saying "no, I told myself I was going to the gym, I'm just going to go to the gym." 

For chores/errands, I find it best for me if I write down all of the things I need to do first. Then I quickly scan through to see what general order I should do them in. If, among other things, I need to do laundry and/or run the dishwasher, I make sure I do those first, because they can run while I do my other tasks.

That's about all I've got though. I do run into the problem that you're describing a fair amount. That or what happens is I'm doing chores and in the process of doing one thing, I remember another thing to do, so I switch to that, and then end up not going back to the original thing I was doing. Drives my husband completely nuts. It's hard because I'm always trying to be helpful when I do the second thing, and I do it right when I think of it because I don't want to forget to do it! But of course I then inevitably forget to finish the first thing.  I flip a coin when I'm in these situations and then my brain decides what I really want while the coin is in the air.

Cleaning:  Just tell yourself you're only going to do the dishes and nothing else. Then you can't just leave the water on the counter...and you're already wiping the counter so might as well get the rest of them...and I sprayed the side of the microwave, and I can't wash one spot or just the outside...fucking hell the microwave is sparkling and the oven looks like dog shit, I have to get that too...well, fuck, everything but the floor is clean so I'll just mop, the mop is in the bathroom...holy shit that bathroom mirror is bad, I just get it real quick...

And so on until six hours are gone and my house has been cleaned.  Oh yeah. What's helped me is Vyvanse, and bullet journaling (even more than meds, I think). I think Vyvanse helps me follow through and transition between tasks much more painlessly, makes those processes far less draining. Bullet journaling helps because it's a type of planner with a structure that I can actually keep to. It's extremely flexible, it's easy to find whatever thought I want, and I can plan my day as detailed as I like in advance, and it's so satisfying to cross things off my list (and keeping a list of small rewards that I go to for when I accomplish some tasks, they can be as cheap as going for a walk in a neighbourhood I haven't been to yet, or giving myself an hour to research things in my "things I wonder about" list).

&#x200B;

This way, I establish everything in advance, and I don't have to remember what I needed to do or why I decided I needed to do it, I don't doubt myself nearly as much. If I'm worried that I might forget something before leaving, I look at my general "things to not forget in the morning" checklist (keys, phone, etc), or, for a more specific example, my "things I need when I  go swimming" . If I know that I might doubt myself, I can write down the reasons why I decided to choose to do a certain task at this or that point in time. I've categorized pages for wandering thoughts and things I want to look into so that I don't forget to google them later.  I have pages with a step-by-step description of routines that I'm currently working on building (and a list of those that I want to eventually integrate).   


It might not be for everyone, but it just helps to unburden my mind so, so much. I don't have to hold on to a thought at the expense of other thoughts, I can just write them down when they spring to my mind and look back into them later. As soon as I hesitate about something, I can pretty much always refer to something in my bullet journal, and it's all indexed in a way that fits my thought process.

&#x200B;

When I neglect keeping my bullet journal updated, I end up being overwhelmed by tasks very very quickly. Meds help, but I absolutely need to have an established structure in the morning before I take them, and at night when the effect wears off. Otherwise, it can take me easily two hours to put pants on, brush my teeth, and decide whether I want to drink a glass of water before or after I go pee, then leave in a rush and forget to take the meds.  I absolutely have the same problem. I often try to write things I have to do down and then rank them by importance. I start with 1, then do task 2 etc...  


It does work sometimes but I still struggle with most things. I have to research something for work currently and I have not done anything really for days because I don't know what to do next - it's just collecting and comparing information about software the company wants to buy.  
 Yes! I personally struggle with decisiveness not only with tasks but in general. For tasks, I find that it helps me to make to-do lists and mark tasks off every time I finish. This keeps me from jumping from one task to another because I get that hit of dopamine my brain so strongly desires every time I finish a task and satisfyingly cross it out. For larger, more time consuming tasks, I break them up into smaller steps to stay on track. You've described my life, this is textbook ADHD Every. Damn. Day.

Just pick something finite and do it. It’s the only way to break out of this paralysis. I've been trying the mantra of "quit thinking just do" it helps sometimes. I still think of course, but at least I usually start doing something. Every day of my life, fam.

Same with my dad (never diagnosed). I have gotten better at this, but it still takes me a while to get going and I have a hard time deciding on tasks right away.  And god forbid a couple things still have food residue on them! Now I have to also wash things *by hand* on top of it all?  This is an add/adhd thing. It actually has a name, "analysis paralysis". Happens to me all the time This is why I like my job. It's just a constant stream of important, gotta get done fast things.

My coworkers are constantly stressed out and frustrated and I'm just chilling and feeling pretty good because I'm being entertained by all the rapid task completion. Rather than feeling overwhelmed at the volume I'm just like SO MUCH SHIT TO FUCK WITH.  YES!!! This is why I've stayed so busy my whole life. The more room for options or relaxing, the less I will do, INCLUDING enjoyable activities. I can't express how "me" this is lol. I've been "working" on a painting that was supposed to be a MOTHER'S DAY GIFT. Like in May. And my working on I mean it's mostly been sitting on our table, taking up space, irritating my SO. Luckily, with the help of meds, I'm finally super close to finishing it. I can't wait to get that stupid ass painting out of my sight though hahaha I do this all the time with getting back into drawing. I even leave references open on my laptop and just keep putting it in Sleep or Hibernate mode to keep them open for when I FINALLY get around to it. Then I will just save the image files to a folder and bookmark webpages... now there’s a million of those and next to no drawings... I did that last night (the do whatever comes first) after my meds wore off, and for some reason it felt... painful? Like, I'm not gonna lie, I even cried a little bit when I decided I'm going to power though and do X thing! It seems so weird to say that, but I think I got really anxious that nothing would get done because I finally decided on something. It's overwhelming to just make a choice definitively. Yes that's a huge thing I'll do. My problem is I'll either be completely indecisive for hours or be extremely impulsive and can't find an in-between. I recently did a group activity with a council thing I'm part of where we chose what kind of leader we are - action, analytical, visionary, or empathy, and I felt like all four. Because I can be super action and just DO everything without thinking about it, which opens me up for mistakes, or I'll be super analytical and google every little thing because I'm worried about every unrealistic possibility and I'll never come to an end choice, and I'll be super visionary because I'll look at something and my mind will go off on all these tangents. ahahahhaa that shit is hard though! like the individual tasks aren't hard, but trying to figure out what to do first is. it's like, when my brain is presented with a list of things (that somehow relate to another-- e.g. different cleaning tasks) my brain gets overloaded with all the possible order of doing things and i don't know which to do Yep. After my diagnosis I finally realized why weekends suck for me. I swear to god, every weekend (before I started taking a class and picking up more overtime) I would just be an emotional wreck. I'd mope around, get in arguments with my boyfriend, feel super guilty for snoozing my alarm until noon, etc. I didn't really understand why (I was intially diagnosed with bipolar 2, so I assumed it was a mood thing). Now it makes perfect sense. I didn't have a schedule, and so I couldn't figure out how to operate and get the things I needed to done. It was like being in a hellish limbo full of regret and guilt because "why can't I just do things like a normal person?!"

It also makes me angry (in hindsight) at the people who accused me of procrastinating because I just didn't want to do something. Sometimes I just didn't want to do the thing, of course. Most of the time though, it was me struggling to start a task when there are many tasks to do. It's this weird, overwhelming, anxious state. I *do* want to clean my house, and I *do* want to read my textbook (truly, I'm a big nerd!), and I *do* want to work out. I just can't seem to get started. 

I hate it being compared to laziness because it's intensely stressful and makes me hate myself! If I'm medicated, I have no problems with these tasks. There's no weird limbo, it's just "okay, I need to do X, Y, Z. Let's start with X." It's crazy how different it is. Being on meds reaffirms the fact that it *isn't* laziness, and it never was.  taken aback by how accurately you articulated the exact mental battle I have with myself about the the dishes! The more small annoyances tacked onto chore, the less likely I am to begin and follow through.. I have similar issues with doing laundry. The thought of having to separate all my clothing, find detergent, find money, leave my apartment just to get the process started almost stops me before I’ve even started. On top of that, having to keep track of time and go out twice more to dry and bring ( what is realistically at least two loads of laundry) back home to fold and put away feels prohibitive. The amount of times I’ve accidentally left wet laundry in the machine or kept my clean laundry basket for weeks is frustrating.  It’s just a household chore most people don’t think twice about, for me doing these chores feels more like I’m committing to this large undertaking.  I needed this today, thank you internet stranger <3 YES! Hahaha before my diagnosis me and my SO were cleaning the house and he said "can you just do one thing at a time!" I was "in the middle" of dishes, laundry, and scrubbing the tub. Oops lol I laughed at loud “SO MUCH SHIT TO FUCK WITH,” 

So relatable  What do you do? Yes!! I did my masters degree in 11 months (with a newborn and toddler) because there was no room for procrastination but as soon as I was done I went from working full time, and doing school full time to part time work with no school and couldn’t start or function to do much of anything. The busier I am the better I function. When I know I have to do something it’s better. I feel all of your feels. I am newly diagnosed with ADHD, but have suffered my whole life, just thinking something was wrong with me.  I’ve definitely struggled with this, especially because I have general anxiety disorder and major depressive disorder. Depression makes it hard for me to get going and be productive and anxiety makes things really overwhelming for me to do things. 

For instance, if I see a piles of dishes on the counter and both sinks filled with dishes, I find it next to impossible to clean up the mess. It’s a crushing, overwhelming feeling. 

How I’ve started to try to fix that problem is to not worry about finishing that task. As long as I do SOME of the task and make it so there is less of a mess, that is enough of an accomplishment. Normally, I would just leave the mess because it was too much for me, doing any of it was better than nothing. And now I’m trying to do that each day until there are no dishes and then I will just clean up as soon as I make the mess so I don’t feel overwhelmed in the future.

How I choose was to sort the dishes and cleaned the grossest ones first so they wouldn’t get moody and smell. 

So, maybe tackling one, even if you have to pull a choice out of a hat, and getting that done might work. And then pull another choice the next day and so on.

That way there is no decision to make. Takes a while and you may develop anxiety and depression, results may vary. I’m curious did you ever try Wellbutrin? I haven’t gone on a stimulant yet but find it helps my attention and my emotional challenges.  Dude. Dishes and laundry are the bane of my existence. Especially dishes because I had to do them by hand. Two months ago I bought a house with a dishwasher and was so excited I was texting people to first time I used it lol. But of course now emptying the dishwasher gets in the way lol.  LAUNDRY AND DISHES ARE MY TORTURE CHORES TOO. I swear to god, I can scrub the whole bathroom down no problem. I’ll scrub the entire tub, clean the toilet, wash the sink, windex the mirror. No problem with that. But do the dishes? When I also have to put away the dishes first and then gather dishes and wash them and maybe even do two loads because they’ve been piling up for days? Or even worse, the LAUNDRY— the task that really involves 50 different steps, including gathering all the dirty towels/clothes throughout the house and then remembering to switch the loads and then sorting and folding and hanging and replacing the towels, and then REPEATING THESE STEPS FOR EACH LOAD?! Brain can not compute.

It’s hard I think because they involve interconnected tasks. Scrubbing the tub or sink or toilet is concrete. It is one object I am doing one thing to. The laundry involves the entire house (gathering/replacing towels), two separate machines and moving clothes between them, sorting clothes, hanging or folding, putting them in the right place. It’s totally overwhelming and takes a long time. You have to remember to switch loads or else things get mildewy. Once you switch loads, you have to repeat that mountain of a task yet again. 

This is why my clothes end up in a pile on my desk. I’m both lucky and unlucky my SO is very neat. It sucks because he’s irritated at me leaving the cupboards open all the time, but it also keeps me on track because I know it bothers him if I don’t put the laundry away for multiple cycles. He left for a week and I was like holy shit, I have no structure in my home life anymore haha. Now to turn my positivity on myself too haha. Much love. Service Adviser  Same here. Just got diagnosed at 21. Teachers suggested it when I was in 2nd grade but my parents didn’t believe in it. Everything makes so much more sense now.  I did, but it didn't fare well with me. To be fair, this was in the deepest depression of my life. This was before the ADHD diagnosis or even bipolar (mis)diagnosis. I was constantly dissociating, sleeping all the time, crying on my walk to class, waking up with thoughts of suicide, panic attacks, etc. It was pretty bad. Wellbutrin was sort of a last resort so I wouldn't be hospitalized. 

It *did* improve my depression, but it definitely felt like a stimulant to me. I was also on SSRIs so idk if that effected it. Ritalin doesn't actually feel like a stimulant to me, so I'm not sure why Wellbutrin did. Could have been the depression, the SSRIs, or just that Wellburtrin didn't work for me. It's hard to say because at that point I didn't even know about ADHD and it definitely was not as concerning as the nightmarish headspace I was in.

Edit: I am on lamictal now, though. I got on it after being diagnosed with bipolar. It definitely helps my mood. I'm sort of excited to see what will happen once I get the ADHD meds right and titrate off the lamictal. Lamictal has a big "evening out" power for most people though-- I feel like it's the new wonder drug haha. Very few side effects too. Don't be afraid about the rash, as long as you titrate slowly if you end up trying the med you'll be fine. Thanks, a mood stabilizer has been suggested in the past but I haven’t gone in that direction because of feared side effects. Hope you find peace. Not sure if you have tried meditation, but if I can find the motivation to meditate regularly it really makes everything better. However if I miss a few days I give up and spiral apart. Lol ...so is the hamster wheel of life.  VERY similar things happened to me when I was an emotional wreck and was moping and having a hard time getting anything done while the medications were being sorted out. My boyfriend and I were getting in fights all the time and he was always mad at me for not doing the dishes or cleaning the apartment. Plus, I was working for my father that the time and then he left my mom and had cheated on her. It was a hard time working for him so I ended up leaving the business to find something else for work. My boyfriend got mad at me for that too. And then he broke up with me a month later claiming that it was my depression and never talked to me again. That was January 2017...

It’s been hard sorting myself out since. If it makes you feel better, lamictal very very few reactions. Not saying you should or should not go on it, but it seriously has the least reactions of any drug I’ve ever taken. I’ve tried to meditate before but have trouble staying still like that haha. Biking has similar effects for me— it’s like meditation but I can get some movement in. 

I feel like I have found my peace luckily :) No more depression, working on my anxiety (a lot of it has childhood trauma roots, learning to trust myself and others again), and taking ritalin has stopped my awful racing thoughts and need for constant stimulation. I feel very lucky right now to have figured out what’s wrong and how to fix it! I hope the same for you.  