Psychiatrist suggested I may have ADHD. Throw away acct because I don’t know how I feel about this. I guess I’m just not sure how to process this. I never even considered I might have ADHD. I never had behavior problems as a kid. I got great grades from elementary school through a masters degree. But then I started medical school and it hit me like a ton of bricks. So I started seeing a psychiatrist. 

The other day she asked if I would be willing to take an adhd inventory and I agreed. I tested borderline but she said that’s not uncommon for people in my situation. I’ve had a couple days to think about it, and adhd would explain some things. Like:

-I was constantly breaking, spilling, misplacing things etc. as a kid. My parents would be frustrated with my carelessness but it was always an accident. 

-I’ve been in multiple car accidents and they were all my fault. 

-I’m constantly searching for things- keys, glasses, pencils etc. 

-I forget appointments and assignments a lot, but I can generally get there early enough or get the task done fast enough that it isn’t that noticeable. 

-I forget words a lot even if I know what it is I’m describing I just can remember the name. 

-In undergrad, I would sometimes get super focused on certain tasks- usually homework- to the point that I’d forget to eat. 

-I’m impatient and have a short temper. 

The thing is, while all of this has been present in my past to some extent, med school has really exacerbated it. I never really considered it a problem before. 

I don’t know what I’m looking for here. Someone who can relate to me? Advice? Validation?  In my opinion, having a diagnosis gives you options. You can try medication, or Not,  even if you decide not to be medicated now you may find that down the line you do want to and having a diagnosis makes that a lot easier. There's no rule that being diagnosed means you have to do anything about it, you may just find it useful to read a lot about adhd management strategies for adults which are still useful for most peope anyway. A lot of neurotypical or sub-clinical diagnosis students end up taking adhd meds for med school anyway.  Something to consider that you appear not to have been advised of: ADHD has subtypes. I've been diagnosed with ADHD-PI (predominantly inattentive). That means I didn't have the hyperactivity or the behavior problems, unless you count spacing out as a behavior problem. I got good grades when I gave a damn about the material, but if I didn't, you couldn't bribe me to pay attention. I also have a lot of the symptoms you've described above, especially a short temper, forgetting things (I knit, and I can literally count my stitches, knit two more, and then forget which part of the pattern I'm on even though I *just* counted it out) and hyperfocus to the point where I'd forget about food or stay up super late. You might have ADHD-PI. You might have another subtype. Just because what you're dealing with doesn't fit a past perception of ADHD doesn't mean that you may not have it.   


(Also, I'd respectfully say that many people I know in the medical field often display the most stubborn resistance to adapting their views of a diagnosis - I'm also autistic and it took me four psychiatrists after the one who diagnosed me to even get to someone else who didn't say "But you're too smart to have autism!" \*eyeroll\* So please, if nothing else, be open to the possibility, especially since diagnosis has the potential to be really helpful in the long run.)  I would ignore some of the symptoms and try to understand what ADHD is. 

It’s a disorder that makes us focus on regulating how others make us think or feel. If you find yourself avoiding confrontation, feeling anxious about your symptoms etc. then it could be ADHD. I'd recommend buying or borrowing some books from the library. You might not have every symptom they describe, and you might not get use out of every suggestion they make. But it's really valuable to just have information about what might be going on in your own head.

For me, there are two huge lessons I came away from my research with:

1. There are lots of ways to work around ADHD and even ways in which ADHD can be an advantage.
2. What works for most people is never going to be what works for me, so instead of forcing myself to behave like the people around me, I need to build a system for myself. I got through med school undiagnosed. I'm don't know if you have it, but sounds like it could be the case. 

For my case, I got through med school and residency fine, for the most part. 

When I had kids is when things overflowed and fell apart. 

Yeah, at first hard to accept I have a mental "disorder "  but therapy and meds help make my life better. And I can now understand why some things are so hard for me (organizing papers, staying on time, finishing 1 project before starting another)

Look more into it, if you have it, treatment will help you personally and professionally. 

Good luck in med school. 
I wish I could tell you it gets easier. 
Well it gets different and more enjoyable at least.  Uhhh, do we live the same life?!?!? 
The only part that hasn't happened to me is the masters degree and car accidents but I have been awfully close far too many times...

I am also a medical student and my symptoms have severely gotten worse since medical school!

This is so weird. [deleted] My sorority sister who graduated from a top engineering school (after changing majors a few times) got diagnosed in med school after failing the first couple tests.  Taking medication has turned her life around. No more “depression” like before (turns out it’s easy to feel like crap when your room is a disaster and you feel on the brink of falling apart).  A diagnosis is going to help you achieve your goals and help you more consistently make use of your intelligence and talent, I know it.

I recommend reading Delivered From Distraction. It’s written by a very successful psychiatrist with ADHD, Dr. Ned Hallowell.  He’s one of the few who doesn’t respond to medication, but a real example of how working with your strengths, finding good mentors, and structuring your life correctly can be invaluable.  This is literally me to a T. My doctor said that ADHD can often manifest in your childhood but you might not start showing symptoms until you get further along in school when things are more difficult -- I am the exact same as you, I made great grades in school and was never diagnosed until medical school when I would struggle on exams, re-read the same question 5x and still not know what it was asking. Songs would get stuck in my head from years ago. I would always lose things, be careless, forgetful, car accidents (all my fault), extremely impatient, walking behind slow people annoys the living crap out of me and you can forget me trying to wait in a line anywhere, for anything. I'd forget what someone told me or I'd be looking at their face when they talked but couldn't tell you anything they said because I wasn't paying attention. Same with reading - I could be the fastest reader in the class but have no idea what I just read.  The farther you go in education, the more it exacerbates - exactly what you said. I found medicine helps me but I hate taking it. You can try it, what could it hurt honestly if you're struggling it can't get any worse you know? Try it out and then if you think it doesn't help or don't like taking it, there are a lot of other things you can do. CBT is really helpful. Good luck and keep us updated! That’s a good way to look at it. The options I mean. Thank you.  My therapist was the one to suggest I get tested (I get tested on the 23rd) and she literally said "People's inability to look past your intellegence is what made them fail you" when talking about past teachers and medical professionals. Thank you. I didn’t know about subtypes. I’ll look into it. And thanks for the reminder to stay open minded. It’s important because there’s only one kind of adhd (super hyperactive kiddo) that’s highlighted to the layman.  Sounds familiar.  Thank you. I’ll look into some books.  Thank you. I’m glad to know that I can still be a doctor even if this does turn into a diagnosis.  Wow. I’m sorry you’re going through this, but thank you for sharing. But it’s nice to know I’m not the only one. I’ve just felt like shit since med school started and all my “quirks” became problems but quick. I also failed every anatomy practical because I’d say thinks like “craniohyoid” or “temporalhyoid” instead of stylohyoid. Obviously I knew what the damn muscle was, but I just couldn’t remember the word. It’s cute/funny when it happens once. But this is all the time now. Idk. This is so frustrating. Sorry for the vent.  I started seeing my psych for depression first too. I’m sorry it’s taking so long for you to get to a psych.  Wow that all sounds very familiar. I’ll check out that book.  Thank you for sharing your story. It makes me feel better that I’m not alone. I’m amazed how many people who have responded here are med students/doctors.  Yup, super common with both autism and ADHD, at least anecdotally. There's this absurd belief that every single person who has either is somehow intellectually disabled, and that's just simply not the case.  Yup that's pretty much everyone's perception. I have to keep explaining to my Gran that just because she has a perception of what certain disorders look like, doesn't mean that that's what they look like. She refuses to believe it's possible for me to have Autism. Yet when you tell her, at it's core, autism is "a disorder that  affect a person's social interaction, communication, interests and behaviour." She's like "oh that's you."  


I'm from the UK, and pretty much the NHS is refusing to test me for Autism or ADHD. So I'm having to pay for it all, and autism is the next on my list to get tested for. That one's gonna hurt my wallet. 