How many of you are pizzas hipsters? I always eat it before it's cool. ... It strikes me that it might be considered Implusive behavior. 😉
Current state: freshly burned mouth. Oh man...if I had a dollar for every burn blister I've received from hot food.

Actually never thought of it as an ADHD thing but I've always struggled with waiting for food to be fully cooked or cooled down in order to eat it, thought it was normal. The more you know. It's a wonder I still have gums. Me!

I also regularly get excited about what’s coming out of the oven and will reach in there WITHOUT oven mitts. You’d think I would learn. My husband usually yells “oven mitts!” if he sees me reaching for a hot tray.  This could also be a r/oneliners post

&#x200B; I do the exact opposite. I forget about it untill it’s belwo room temp. Ah yes, the old sloughy-palate. Raises hand! But if I wait for it to cool down, i just forget about it and now it’s cold.  Wait is this actually a thing? I eat 2 minute noodles blazing hot cos I just can’t wait. Fiancé thinks I’m damn insane is this related to ADHD? Getting diagnosed in January. Lol yup. Everytime. I open the box, and "oooh, pizza!" *chomp* yaaaahwargrble *tongue melts, roof of mouth peels off* I can live on water and Italian pizza. Hahaha. I’ve never thought about it, but I definitely “force” every one in my family to eat food (especially pizza) when it’s hot!!! i do this too!!! doesnt taste the same after/cool or reheated I’m a coffee hipster for sure. When I make it at home I’m shoving ice cubes in it to get it in my body faster. I basically self medicate with coffee and will lay in bed for hours if I don’t get it so it kind of makes sense.  My solution: set a timer for required cool down time. Do planned activity like laundry or cleaning bathroom.  The number of oven burns I have on hands, wrists, forearms when i cook!! 

When it comes to tea, I'll burn my mouth with my first sip then forget about it till it's ice cold - wail!! Same i eat food impulsively like even if it’s burning hot my mom is like wait till it’s cool but I never listen you’d think I’d learn but no  Not a constructive comment but:


lmao Ahaha yes!! See also: hot drinks. I drink hot chocolate/tea fairly fast and burn my tongue because I keep trying to drink it at normal drinking speed and get impatient and/or forget it’s hot lmao  I was like: wait— an I in an r/pizza thread?! 😂🙏🤗 blistered mouth gang represent or maybe you're just hungry?  Me too Either that or the food I cook doesn't stay warm for long because I couldn't wait to eat it and don't let it cook until it's really hot. I always touch the grill with my bare hands. I forget heat is a thing I’m currently sipping coffee that’s burning my mouth with each sip. But I’ll be damned if I’m gonna wait for it to cool Yep! I know the specific feeling of burned mouth from pizza and how many days it will last. I'm famous for being able to devour food straight out of the fire.  I also drink my coffee boiling hot.  

This isn't an ADHD thing I don't think. I just have a well callused mouth.  Yeah I can't wait for it to get cold, my mouth is probably scarred from too many hot food battles. I've also had strong food poisoning like 8 times and I'm only 21, I thought it was normal to get food poisoning that often but apparently not Oh that’s interesting, I do this too with food and drinks but I think for a different reason. Still ADHD related. 

I get bored by eating and I depend on my drinks as a source of stimulation, so I need them to be interesting. Having them scalding hot, so that I need to keep blowing on them and taking little sips/bites, is a way to make them interactive.  I will pick foil up right out of the oven, it's normally fine.  
The steam though, oh god the steam has gotten me so many times.  I now do a big exaggerated pullback to makes sure I don't blast myself. I do this everytime I broil eggs in the pan. I take the pan out the oven with mitts, but 30 seconds later I'll grab it bare handed to take it in to the dinner table. It's like clockwork. Generally my kids just sigh at me now when I come in to the table with burn marks, cuts and scrapes. Come to think of it I can't remember a time when I wasn't healing some sort of cooking related hand wound....  My wife yells at me.  "What did you expect?!"  I expected it to be delicious and fresh.  I guess that's all I expected.  What did you expect, I do this every time! I've made food! Now to find something to do while I eat.

*an hour later*

Oh, the food! Good thing we're delicious! TBH, I think its kind of a hindsight thing. There are lots of people who eat pizza hot that *don't* have adhd, and for them it's just a quirk. Once I got diagnosed, there was a lot of stuff about me that was just 'who I am', that now I say is due to adhd. 

It's nice to be able to say "this is the reason for x", and it's just kind of human nature.

Personally, I often eat my pizza cold because I set it on the desk next to me and forget about it, which *also* could be attributed to adhd. Not trying to bash the post or anything, just trying to give some perspective. maybe It's just so much better during that "You have to eat it carefully" phase!

&#x200B;  I am COFFEE RIGHT NOW the minute I wake up and I've solved this through Starbucks doubleshots or instant coffee with cream (which covers the taste and cools it off).

I have a little coffee maker and beans and bean grinder but I just cannot wait for that.  I've done that periodically ... But sometimes I also just sit and stare at my food resentfully.  
"I want you but you'll hurt me!"

&#x200B; err, it drives me nuts because there ARE things in there you can touch with your hands no problem!  


Now if I could just keep the backs of my hands safe. Hate burning my tongue! Almost never drink hot coffee or tea now. If I want one I go for an iced version! When I buy coffee I ask for it at kid’s hot chocolate temp so I don’t have to wait! 😂 I expected it would be hot. I was correct.  Usually I just make it iced and leave it by the bed. But my husband has temporarily gone to a new schedule and gets home around the time I need to wake up so I get to wake up with hot coffee.  