Sometimes I forget to use my internal monologue to rationalise things in my head and end up misunderstanding or not understanding really simple things  I do this too... Then spend forever thinking of stuff that technically doesn't matter because I misunderstood some random point.  This was me the past few days. Yesterday I was CONVINCED my boyfriend was upset with me. Like, I just KNEW it. But, knowing I have issues with this, I forced myself to ride it out and not say anything. I'm glad I did. He called me this morning and was clearly not mad at me. I knew I was reading into things wrong and causing my own anxiety. KNOWING this is something you do makes talking yourself through it a lot easier. Having this diagnoses makes things a little easier 'cause you can rationalize things and know the reason behind it to deal with it better. I *wish* I could forget my internal monologue. And then sometimes I remember, but I still miss something obvious. Like, “I’ve thought this through and we can’t have the event on Saturday, Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, so we can either do Sunday or Thursday.” Then somebody says “well what about Friday?” 

I forget Friday exists.  Sometimes my internal monologue doesn't even work.  It's like it decides to take a fucking vavation.  Today for example - I've been absentmided literally every moment, not even joking.  When someone speaks directly to me, I space out immediately.   Internal monologue, [you the real mvp](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/ZOvBS)  That's usually the point where my boss says "Will you shut up about that? That isn't the point here. We care about *THIS* right now." 

He's not one for mincing words, which is honestly pretty helpful.  Are you me? I can relate. I’ve totally done the thing where I’ve started acting weird because I think he’s acting weird and then he thinks there is something wrong and then I create a problem basically out of thin air. Lol. 

Thankfully he’s awesome and usually does something to make me remember how silly I’m being and it’s much better now but I totally know how you feel! Thank you for sharing! Just lay in bed, your internal monologue will surely allow you some peace and quiet when you need it most.

/s The amount of times somebody presents a simple solution that is better than mine and I stand there awkwardly for two seconds with a dumb look on my face before saying “true”. I think this is my bosses biggest pet peeve with me. I do this kind of thing all the time. that, and Im constantly singing. Maybe!? *Insert Spidermans pointing at each other*

I'm relatively new to Reddit and don't know if I can insert gifs and if so, how. Lol 