Adderall/Medication horror stories? Hi everyone, so yesterday I FINALLY received my adderall prescription for 5mg, and will be starting today. And like many of you struggling to find a psychiatrist that actually listened/helped, I was ecstatic. 

However, my boyfriend wasn’t as happy as I was. He just sees this medication as ‘an addictive drug that ruins lives in the long run’ and is very skeptical/concerned of me taking it (addiction runs in his family so he’s seen the ugly side of people, so I get his concerns). 

I was telling him how I haven’t even started medication yet and that he knows how badly it’s been affecting my daily life so for him to plant all these seeds in my head is a little unfair. But because of that, I went down a bit of a rabbit hole regarding adderall horror stories and how it’s caused either panic attacks (due to palpitations and stuff) or a complete negative change in personality and addiction and it got me a little scared. 

Is this truly common? I know I need help beyond talking to a person, but I also don’t want to go down a scary road. I guess I just want people to tell me ‘you’ll be perfectly fine”, but I’d also like honest experiences regarding your ‘medicated journeys’  It happens to me w/my husband. People don’t understand why you need it but they don’t have add do they? It comes from a place of concern, but yes can be annoying. You'll be fine.

5mg is a very low dose. I take 10 most afternoons to help me avoid a  Vyvanse crash. I'm barely even aware that I've taken it. 

Don't start shooting it into your arm and you'll be fine. Don't start snorting it and you'll be fine. Don't let friends hassle you to share and you'll be fine.

Talk to your Dr about your concerns and do your research with credible sources.

Consider who needs to know about your diagnosis and meds. It's private medical information and you don't have to discuss it with anyone. Other's uninformed opinions about something that doesn't effect them is all you have to gain by discussing it.

Your boyfriend sounds like a tool bag. It’s great that he cares, but he’s also projecting his fears on to you. Don’t let it affect you and your treatment, you sought treatment for a reason! In many cases, proper treatment of ADHD actually reduces the risk of alcohol & drug abuse. Just take your medication as prescribed and form good habits!  I agree with the others, take it as prescribed and remember you can always lower your dose (if you go to a higher dose and notice negative effects) or be prescribed something different (there are a number of options these days). Just have an open and honest dialoge with your doctor. 

Maybe tell your boyfriend to do the same with you. If he notices any changes that are concerning to talk to you about them. Sometimes we're too close to our own actions to notice them. So having him "look out" will be helpful. Especially since he knows you before and after the medication.

Honestly, I haven't noticed many negatives at all. My biggest complaint is how much it dries me out though haha. My mouth and lips are SO dry from the Adderall... I'm forever putting on chapstick and sipping water. Otherwise... I notice a HUGE difference if I forget to take it. OCCASTIONALLY I have some panic/anxiety issues (mainly if I forget it a few days and start back up again) and sometimes I have a little bit of a "crash" (but that's usually toward the end of my day so I can either just relax/be lazy or just go to bed). 

You may have to adjust your meds a few times to get to the point where the positives outweigh the negatives... but my gawd is it worth the headache of getting to that point.

Good luck OP! Have to agree with the last sentence.   Well I’m not longer freaked out, but yeah exactly what I was originally thinking.  I don’t see how something that’s meant to help people can be detrimental if used as directed. 

He’s actually not a toolbag contrary to what it sounds like haha. Him not being 100% supportive of me taking medication was a complete shocker tbh since he’s been right by my side through all of this. I think he just needs schooling outside of the drastic side effects. 

But thanks for the words of advice! 