How to not fall down the "do I really need meds.." hole again? I usually go a few months before the meds start to seem less effective and then I always doubt wether or not I need them and stupidly stop taking them which leads me in a downward spiral for however many weeks/months until I start taking them again and realise how much I needed them.

Seems like such a stupid thing to ask for advice for but I've done it 3 times now and I somehow convince myself every time. I've gone on and off metylphenidate and through time I've realized a quite funny paradox about them

1. I often completely forget to take them
2. When I don't take them I completely forget how they help me and fall down in a rabbit hole where I think they don't help me even though they do
3. I dont do this but I know alot of people who take way too much of it, which is kinda problematic but also funny since people with ADHD have impulsive behavior its funny that central stimulating substance are the most common meds since many likely will take too much out of curiosity or because they "feel like it" or dont reflect at all

also i only take it monday through thursday it helps me alot with everything and I always function OK on fridays since I at least have the habits left from 4 day of taking it I think this is a big problem with all mental illness especially bipolar. It’s common for bipolar individuals to get stabilized on medication and then feel like they’re just faking it and don’t need it after all. They come off and suddenly realize well fuck. I’m the same with adhd. I’ll feel like my meds don’t work and I don’t need them then I come off for a day and I’m like well fuck. I can’t focus and I’m impulsive and internally restless. What is this  Take sundays off. Or half dose weekends. If you go to bed early and take half dose you won't ever get such a strong resilience. This is spiral of meditation thing is pretty common among patients. This can be especially problematic when someone is taking an antidepressant and has ADHD comorbid with depression.

A reminder for anyone who's taking long-term medication ( medication that needs to build up in your system). Do not quit such medication without first talking to a medical professional. Your body becomes used to the build-up and quitting can causes problems when the chemicals suddenly drops out.) If you decide to quit such medication slowly cutting down on doses is usually the way to go. I've seen a lot of people on this sub who take a break over the weekend but have never tried it for fear of just being an unproductive mess (currently decorating the entire house). I guess it would make the meds on Monday feel much more effective. I'm new to meds (only in my second week) but it certainly has been an issue of 'Did I take it?' 

I have found putting a tracker in my bullet journal to be super helpful. Its right there next to the boxes for brushing teeth, putting on deoderant, and exercising - meds+vitamins. I color in the box after taking them every morning and I can just pull out my journal and check.


Though that is usually only within the first half an hour or so. after that I feel good enough that I don't wonder anymore. >I’ll feel like my meds don’t work and I don’t need them then I come off for a day and I’m like well fuck. I can’t focus and I’m impulsive and internally restless. What is this

Wouldn't you also feel a bit of that in the morning / end of day after it wears off, though? yes it really does, and thats very needed especially since its a monday

im always a mess on the weekends but wth, its a weekend just do stuff you like (if possible) and u will be fine

also ask your doctor before ! different with all kinds of meds Slightly but my side effects are so bad at night that I'm too busy paying attention to those half the time 