Does your inattentiveness or forgetfulness make you feel like a bad person sometimes? Hey everyone. I’m undiagnosed (I’ve tried and been told I have anxiety and not ADHD) but I’m fairly certain that I have ADHD. I’m disorganized, constantly fail to meet deadlines, forget even the most important this, I lose track of my thoughts mid sentence, etc.

One of the problems I have is maintaining my focus when talking to others.  I try to listen, but sometimes my mind just goes off elsewhere without me really even being aware of it. This often results in me missing what people are saying. I also worry that it can make me come off as if I don’t care when I’m with others or throughout romantic relationships. With relationships in particular, I feel as though I miss some of the things that they’re trying to express to me and it comes off as me being uncaring, when I reality it was in part due to my difficulties listening and focusing on what others are saying. 

I also forget a lot of things. I try to write things down when possible so i don’t forgot, but sometimes I don’t even remember to do that. I feel as though sometimes I let others down because I forget that they asked something of me or told me something important. Or sometimes I feel guilty because I’ll be trying to remember something someone told me and I just can’t. 

I tend to feel bad about all of this. I sometimes attribute this to me being a “bad” person or selfish. I care about others, but sometimes I think my difficulties concentrating make me miss things they say or I fail to pick up on body language or tone of voice which would give me more insight into what others are trying to communicate.  My forgetfulness can make me seem as though I don’t listen to what others ask of me or that I don’t care. 

I dunno, it can be a frustrating cycle and I wonder if anyone else experiences something similar.  

Thoughts? Yup. All the time. The worst for me is just failing to follow through on promises that I've made. Nothing worse than feeling like the people I care most about can't rely on me. I will forget conversations I've had LESS THAN AN HOUR after I've had them. Drives my girlfriend nuts but she knows it's not my fault. I'm usually very attentive when we talk. Doesn't stop me from wanting to burst into tears and apologize profusely.  With people you’re close to - friends, family, SO - try to be communicative to them about the things you struggle with. You don’t have to make it about adhd or anxiety, just if you have some time, give them a quick, “hey I’ve been worrying about this lately and I just want you to know - I struggle with paying attention so if I ever seem like I zone out while you’re talking I promise it’s not that I don’t care, my mind just wanders off and I can’t aways stop it. Please be patient with me”.

It drives my partner nuts when I zone out while he talks but we’ve discussed it and he knows that it’s not something I do on purpose. He knows I love him even if I’m bad at listening, because I’m good at showing him I love him in other ways. 

I know it feels like you’re a terrible person - I know, I’ve felt that way too - but I promise you you’re not. Being bad at paying attention does not make you a bad or uncaring person, so don’t beat yourself up too hard when it happens. Most people aren’t gonna think poorly of you for it either, especially if you have a chance to explain what’s going on in your head a bit.  My adhd is, I think, the biggest contributor *to* my anxiety, for all these reasons. Every day. Not being able to stay focused and forgetting important things that people tell me makes me feel like they think I simply don't care and i'm self absorbed. It's hard to explain to people without ADHD what it's like on a daily basis. It's a vicious cycle that never ends. 

The only thing that I can do to try and make up for it is strive to be as patient as possible with people. I feel like it's the least that I can do considering that I have to ask others to be patient with me all the time over basic mundane tasks that others accomplish daily without fail. 

Just know that you're not alone and try not to view yourself as a bad person. You're not. You're someone who struggles with ADHD (undiagnosed or not) and it goes so much deeper than simply not being able to focus.  All the time. My boyfriend accuses me of "not listening" to him whenever I ask the same question twice or forget information he has told me in the past. 

Then, when I say that I simply forgot, he says "well I guess it's not important enough, then" like it's the only fucking explanation in the entire world. I explain to him that I have ADHD and this shit tends to happen against my will, but he always thinks I'm "using it as an excuse". 

Fuck, this really pisses me off. My forgetfulness ruins my reputation and even my own relationship. My boyfriend doesn't help at all, though, and it makes things that much worse for me to deal with. I already am very hard on myself for my mistakes, but having someone else get on my ass is exhausting.  I have generalized anxiety disorder and ADHD. You probably do have both and were misdiagnosed unfortunately because it’s totally possible and they actually impact each other greatly. My anxiety makes it hard to focus and my ADHD contributes to my anxiety when I’m disorganized and my thoughts are all over the place, and I can’t get shit done. I can totally relate to what you are saying! YeaI definitely feel you and it really sucks. I always had attention problems and 4ven to this day I feel broken
 Medication has helped a bunch but it doesnt always work when I need it to and it judt makes me sadder.  There’s so much we ADHD people can to on all levels to help. On a physical level I found that magnesium helps my nervous system. I had bouts of shingles from anxiety and L-lysine B12 and C took care of that. Having close and wise friends to be accountable to makes a big difference. My iphone and reminders has become one of my best friends. It keeps me on track. I do my best not to make promises and let everyone know that I don’t ever mean to hurt anyone with my quick mouth coming from a quicker mind. I do my best to confront the issues as they arise. I also have a strong faith in the Creator who helps me to begin everyday as if it were a new day. Once we know the problems there are always solutions. What I can handle I do; what I can’t I leave in His hands. It brings tremendous peace. PS I am not religious! I just know there is Someone watching out for me and as I obey the Commandments He is there to protect me in everything.  We are not bad people. We are swift- minded people and we need to find our purpose in life. Once I did my life had huge meaning.  It does, but I’ve been slowly realizing it’s okay to accommodate the ADHD.  

For example, there is a rule with my hubby that if he wants me to get him something from the store or from the drive through, he must text the specific order, with all questions answered ie, drink? No drink? 

Even stuff I know he always gets. While I may not forget things every time, it is understood that if it is not in the text,  he can’t be mad I forgot.

That being said, if something is out of the ordinary, such as a sauce he wants being out, I now end up forgetting part of my own order in the process of guessing a back up option.

I’m probably going to have to start texting my own order to myself now. I literally cannot remember my son's birthday from my friend-boy's birthday. Both in January. Two days apart. I have a PhD. But I would literally have to go look right now to tell you who was the 20th & who was the 22nd. Get yourself to a psych and a therapist and confront your issues. I had generalized anxiety disorder diagnosed first and for what I've been told and for what I read, one can mask the other. Yes we feel bad but if people care, they will know when you care. I struggle with communication due both disorders and ruined my fair share of good relations because of it, it doesnt get any easier but time teaches you some strategies (assuning you dont miss your appointments ofourse) Yes. Every day my ADHD gives me something to feel bad about.  ADHD can and IS misdiagnosed. Ask to go to another doctor and try and get diagnosed again. It sounds like you really do struggle with ADHD symptoms and actually have ADHD. Don’t give up. Or you could try looking for a ADD/ADHD specific therapist who could help you learn techniques to navigate situations like those that you mentioned you struggle with. Medicine isn’t the only way to help your ADHD. And that’s actually how I realized I really struggle due to my ADHD symptoms cause I didn’t realize there was a way I could function better. I went to a regular therapist and she recommended I find a therapist who specializes in ADHD. It will get better!! You’ll find what works for you!! 

And yeah when your symptoms look like personality traits to others, it can be incredibly frustrating and discouraging. But you know it’s not you. Others who care about you will understand and still support you. You won’t struggle like this forever, you already have the drive to try and figure it out. You got this!!  [deleted] Welcome to my life bro. My advice is talk to a few therapists. Not every therapist is gonna work for everyone Yes, all the time. If it makes you feel better, I'm 30, have a pretty ok career and make decent money, and I still constantly do this. I have come to the realization that this stuff is just a fact of life for me and hopefully I can surround myself with good people who are understanding plus develop some good coping mechanisms that work for me. The meds help, but really just for work, so my social life does suffer at times. Sorry that's not really helpful, but like the old saying goes, mental health problems "are not your fault but they are your problem."  I feel like one of the ways we can tell if someone is actually undiagnosed is if they post a big giant post that says the same things in different ways and most of us (myself included) skim over

Yeah... XD Every single day especially from those closest to me. Yes. I have ADHD and Anxiety too, the two come hand in hand a lot of the time. (I just wrote that first sentence and then stared off into space for 5 minutes thinking about I don't even know). You are not alone, I actually read that and felt as if I wrote it - 100% can relate. It is the most vicious cycle. The ADHD gives me the fast, incomplete, distracted, random, and spaced out thoughts. Add anxiety to the already scattered and disorganized brain and you can really overthink and worry yourself into oblivion, and it so so exhausting and straining on the brain to constantly be in overdrive, and I think this is the reason I forget things so easily. The worst is conversations with people - I won't remember a word they say. I have social anxiety, so when someone of authority/stranger/importance is speaking to me I get extremely nervous and tense, which causes my brain to worry about how I appear to the other person. I catch myself doing so, and ill revert all my attention to the conversation, but my subconscious is still in fight or flight mode causing me to freeze up. This anxiety, combined with the ADHD causes my brain to panic, the brain deems the situation threatening and the conversation unimportant regardless of the reality. My first important meeting at my first job, I walked out not remembering a single thing. I felt so inhuman and so stupid, I was so focused on focusing on the conversation and hiding my anxiety, that I was unable to actually retain any information. I am notorious for bailing on plans or obligations, my friends used to take it personally and get upset. I have pretty much completely mended that problem by explaining my anxiety to them (they will never actually understand it unless they have it, so it can be hard for people to get) and I no longer commit to plans, unless I must. My friends will invite me to a party next month, and I will show interest, but never give a confirmed yes. I always tell them I will let them know the day before if I can go, and they totally understand. I have a lot more to say, but cannot tell if I am rambling at this point so I will slow my roll. You're absolutely not a bad person, you're not dumb, you're actually very normal. Never be afraid to let a person know that you have anxiety and ADHD, it really helps when you choke mid sentence causing your anxiety spikes through the roof - instead of trying to awkwardly recover your thoughts, just laugh it off and explain its your a.d.d. talking again. Works every time.  All the time . I apologize to my kids a lot for forgetting things or when something in the background catches my eye and lose focus . To see the disappointment in their face breaks my heart daily. I’ve tried different methods of becoming a “super basic and easily organized person” but even that is overwhelming. I just fail them daily .

When they look at me with the disappointment in their eyes and whimper “it’s ok mom. I understand .” A little bit of light to my soul fades away. I hate myself a lot of the time for this. I strive to be a good mom and I’m maybe skating by as subpar at best . 

I’m currently medicated , but it’s not alway as effective , especially if I’m tired. 

 All. The. Time... Yes, all the time.  Absolutely 100% Yeah constantly Way too long to read sorry haha, but yes. Yes. Especially if other people are involved.  Every god damned day.  Yeah! it is ok! just explain that you don't mean to because you always have stuff on your mind and ya just explain it especially in work environments. Tbh lots of people are the same way even without adhd Nope. It makes me feel like a bad person **ALL** the time. I've been at my job for over a year. I still do not remember everyone's names. I don't even see that many people!

Also, I have just straight up told people if they need me to do something, I need it in writing or they have to watch me write it down. There's no other way I can remember verbal instructions. Yup. My current post-doc thought I was an asshole the first time I met him because I kept on losing my focus while he showed me his thesis - thankfully we get along great now but I felt so bad when I realized he had thought I was just dismissive of his work. As a lot of people have probably mentioned, notes are a good place to start.  I have taken to some times using a note pad app, or writing notes, or even voice recording myself leaving a note so I can make sure that I don't forget., but even with all that sometimes It can happen that I still don't remember.  You can also ask people to remind you of things, I find many people have no problems doing so but it all depends on the person. My Friends and Family tend to understand and help remind me of things I might forget when my mind wanders.

As for the feeling bad part, there isn't much I can suggest with that unfortunately, I feel bad about forgetting things frequently even to this day over somethings, we just have to learn to accept that we are only human and nothing more I guess.  Short answer, yes. Short version of the long answer, I have decided life is too short for that. Welcome to the tribe. I used to feel bad about myself before I knew I had a disorder. Now that I have an official diagnosis of ADHD ,and I take meds I don't so much. There are still people in my life, or used to be in my life that just don't get it and are mad because I can't live my life up to their standards. Fuck them. I know I am doing the best I can. First off, if they refuse to diagnose you, find a different therapist. 
Im sorry, But if they’re dismissive like this (one of my previous therapists was), they might be of a lot of other stuff that is/ was important/ a major issue to you. 
Let me also say that your struggle is genuine, don’t let anyone tell you you’re failing/ not putting in enough effort, you’re trying as hard as you can, it’s not your fault. 
Additionally, cut yourself Some slack. I mean this in the best way possible. We ADHD’ers so often feel like we need to tackle all our shortcomings at once, which doesn’t work ofcourse. Focus on one thing at a time (always putting appointments in your phone with reminders).
Lastly, don’t feel (too) ashamed to ask people to repeat something/ hold on while you write something down. My experience is that they generally appreciate you being thorough by asking to repeat something or taking the time to focus on writing something down. 

Lots of love, you’re not alone in your struggle ❤️ All the time. Slightly going off topic but I feel you on the misdiagnoses thing. While I do actually have an anxiety disorder as well, I'm just now getting diagnosed and medicated after repeatedly having one anxiety problem get better, and my concentration not, so my psychiatrist would just diagnose me with another type of anxiety to explain away the lack of progress (Not like it might have anything to do with that I wasn't being treated for the right problem right?) Honestly yeah. Like it gets to a point where I don’t want to do even the simplest things. Just because I know how much of a struggle it’s going to be. Then I feel bad because I know that even people who know I have ADHD will get irritated with me. Typically I will spend a lot of time playing the same two video games because it’ll make me feel like I’m in control and because they both require attention and I’m usually able to direct all of my attention into them so I don’t feel like my ADHD is in control. But then I forget that everything else exists and people get mad at me. To me it sounds like you probably are struggling with ADHD. Obviously I don’t know exactly, but I have pretty much the same problems and I have been diagnosed. And honestly I don’t get who’s telling you that you just have anxiety because they aren’t even close to the same things. My mom did the same where she refused to believe I had adhd, but it kept getting worse to the point she finally accepted that I could have it and took me to get checked out and I did have it. You might try some more to go get checked out, because it wouldn’t hurt to see.  Yup! Especially with the way react to my forgetfulness. I asked an old classmate how she enjoyed working at an agency I'm currently interviewing for - except, she doesn't work there. They're just both in the same city.

I don't even know how I came to think she worked at that place either... To add on: lack of impulse control. I say something without thinking and realize that I said something offensive. Then listen to the person even less because I'm embarrassed and thinking about how I made a mistake. All the time, this week I’ve been a major ball of emotions.  Mainly because I’ve worked 65 hours this weekend and go to school for a rigorous subject, but I feel my ADHD has added fuel to the fire.  I can’t focus on anything right now, my work takes 3 times as long to do, I feel depersonalized, I literally cried on the way to school and on the way home today.  I had to miss school for work and my professors hated that.  I forgot to let them know I had work before the lectures and of course adhd can’t be used as an excuse in my reality, so I have to just suck it up and take the hits.  I have no idea how I’ll get all my work done, I have no fucking idea, and I know this isn’t helping, but I’m way too stressed to even look at it right now.  Add to that my grandpa’s (who’s been like a father to me) dimentia is rapidly progressing, and I just feel so tired.  So fucking drained all the time.  I need time to stop for a few days.  So yes adhd always makes me feel like a piece of shit, and I try to tell myself I can handle more everyday but it just feels so impossible.  Practicing mindfulness/meditation helps me keep moderately focused on conversations. I summarize them and file them away in my head. 

Being mindful is one of the things they do with cognitive behavioral therapy to help people cope with ADHD. I started practicing it because my relationship is important to me and it would have failed if I hadn’t tried something. 

She gets it, but she also appreciates the work I do to make it better instead of just saying “Whelp, this is just how it is.” 

You’re not a bad person, but you can and have the power to do things to improve your quality of life with ADHD.  Sometimes lol? All the fucking time.

And sadly diagnosis didnt help at all because people still take stuff personally. Like they "arent important enough for me to remember" I completely understand what you're saying. I'm undiagnosed too, but so many people who are around me often (family, friends, SO) have noticed my behavior and recommended that I get it checked out (looking into that). I feel like I really needed to see this today. I share a lot of similar behaviors and always stress out and feel awful because I feel like I've been unproductive or I forgot about an important email or I space out during my friend's conversations. It's a stupid, vicious cycle that I just wish would go away Oh yea, all the time :/ it's frustrating when I know someone really wants to tell me something and especially if there's a TV or radio on and I just can't hear them, but like I can hear them just not process what they're saying. And by the time I've thought about what they've said, they've said more things that I've missed and now I'm lost in the convo and I hope they don't ask my opion or anything .... I have no advice tbh, just some solidarity so you can know you're not alone! My question for you is have you gone for additional opinions on your condition?  I was misdiagnosed for a long time also.  If you can, get another opinion!

&#x200B;

One of my biggest regrets was not being diagnosed sooner.  I was the same way in hs, and they called it clinical depression.  Paxil did nothing to help the issues I was dealing with.  This was a long ago and there wasn't near as much info available then as there is now.  But still, there were medications then and I feel like my whole path would have been different.   I've done pretty well for a girl without a college education so I can't complain too much, but  today?  Would never be able to get into where I am now with a least a Bachellor's and  I feel like I would have continued school.  But everything happens for a reason right?

My job involves lots of meetings and sitting with ppl to assist.  I've had someone explain to me their scenario, ask their question, and I'm like huh?  Checked out.  They lost me a minute in.  Not a good look for sure, especially since my position is part of leadership.  

Adderall is my savior, but it really depends on the day.  Luckily I've been at my job and worked with the same ppl for so long that most know how I am.  So when I leave something at someone's desk (every.fucking.time.) or forget I told someone I would make time to assist with something, they usually just laugh (but I've gotten better on that one).  And my amazing boss will tell me to STOP volunteering for shit bc you have like 3 unfinished projects on your desk NIKKI! (this was today lol)    Some who don't know or understand ADD/ADHD take it as flakiness or immaturity...and I'm a 40 year old gown-ass woman.

Point is, I feel your pain.  And I truly hope you find someone who gets it and can help.  Best of luck!

btw, sorry for the tangent :) Sometimes I have been a bad person because of it. 
I forgot to feed my neighbor’s cat when I was supposed to.... i feel like it makes me an irresponsible and untrustworthy person. 
The cat was fine though.  I routinely call myself a worthless piece of shit every day.

Cheers. Yes, I totally get it! Yup  My whole life my dude, I've been suicidal because of it. And same, I'm undiagnosed because my 3rd world ass country doesn't recognize it exists To answer the title question: absolutely. I can totally relate to the forgetfulness: my latest thing to drum up my anxiety is forgetting that I shouldn't talk to my friend while the band was playing. I also have Aspergers, worsening the effects of ADHD-PI. I estimate I would have had an additional 3 close friends right now if I wasn't forgetful, but still possess ADHD-PI, Aspergers and some features of anxiety disorder. I don't really have an issue with inattentiveness around conversations because I usually find interactions with people interesting. The part that gets me is when people say something, or when exchanges occur I vocabulary dump onto the other party. Before I know it I've gone on a tangent and it's almost like I black out. When I "come to" I realized I've blurted out too many sentences. It sucks because even though in my mind I come off concise, people write off a lot of what I say as nonsense. Almost much like this comment, it probably could have been stripped down, but I don't know how to express my words without feeling like it's a word dump. But ultimately, I'm sick and tired of people around me relegating my antics to "oh it's -insert-my-name-here-" things. Like after I ramble, they'll say, "oh John" (not my real name) Pisses me off to no end. Coping methods:

-text or im communication. Love it. Live it. Reading it also helps me mentally process it better since I can hear a thing and my brain will be not listening. But a text message? It can reread that like 5 times, we're golden.

-reminders for birthdays and stuff. For important people I do a month before(to get a gift or something) and a week before(to remind me to give the gift). I also tend to do spontaneous gifts like I found a Stranger Things tshirt for $4 for a friend as a halloween gift, and yarn earlier this year that went on clearance, and last year I got some suwheet bluetooth headsets for free and I gave away spares as gifts. Getting stuff for free/cheap is always a little dopamine hit so I really love finding gifts on sale/clearance. It's one of my weird hobbies so it may not work for everyone. But it helps that I don't really stick to any sort of schedule year round so I may not gift anything big but I do find cool stuff people like.

-I do totally own up to not absorbing what someone said and I've gotten comfortable with texting or messaging someone something because otherwise I forget about it.

-copious amounts of notes and a bujo, to remind myself of certain things. Like if I was supposed to vacuum. Or refill my coldbrew pitcher. Or if there was something I needed but just...completely forgot what that thing was(microfiber cloths for cleaning with water and nothing else to dust the house better) and I have a lot of sticky notes too, same reason. It's something you best make peace with, like essentially externalizing that portion of my brain helps a lot for remembering to vacuum, mop and sweep on a specific day. The pomodoro technique is also helpful for that actual task thing when you get to it, so you aren't putting the cluster of things off until late at night because you either presume they'll take too long or will only take 5 minutes. So the timer set to 15-20 minutes says "okay then just work on the thing for 15 minutes and that's it." It really helps me for small like...piles of stuff. Around my place. And other task things like hunting up the address label pdf to print out some more for my mom to use.

-music/podcast to keep me entertained while folding laundry or doing a cleaning task. It took me under a whole podcast to sweep/vacuum/dust/clean the litterboxes the other day. Find a good podcast player and check out Lore, The Black Tapes, or Dirty John if you like creepy or investigative journalism type stories. My phone has a 128gb microsd card for a reason. I think I have like 50gb of audiobooks on it, a ton of photos, some music(I steam most of it nowadays) and tons of podcasts already downloaded.  All the time. What is more rough is people making fun of me for it...

I dont mean it, I want to listen/pay attention... and it makes me feel broken when I cant. This is how depression starts. Imagine years of feeling like this without knowing you have adhd. It really does a number on you. Even knowing, you will still have a tendency to beat yourself up. Don’t.  I’m in your boat I think. I’ve dealt with everything you’ve mentioned and still do. I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety when I sought help mental help and tested for ADD. And at first, I was totally okay thinking that since depression and anxiety is an illness, I finally have a reasoning behind these conversation and working memory problems, but it’s been over a year of treatment and I’m exactly where I was last year and the years before. And it really just makes me wonder whether I should blame myself because I can’t blame depression anymore, I’ve been undiagnosed with depression.
So maybe it’s anxiety for me, but from my perspective, years of living with potentially ADD, years of underachievement and inferiority complex made me anxious and depressed. I try to not think about how I’m such a bad friend and a bad student, a bad person and not blame myself, but it’s really hard to not do it when it’s in my face everyday.  Writing things down and lists are mostly a waste for me. Having a singular list can be good, but I forget things to add to the list as I make it, I forget to check the list (if a shopping list or coupons, completely) to see what's upcoming or what I need to do next, and there are plenty of times in which I read it and forget it after putting it away resulting in me pulling it out again. I hate when people just say to write it down. I forget too often!

I hate it and right now, I just need to make the time to go see someone about myself. I work nights though and that means finding a place open on friday with openings either really early in the morning (for doctors and such, 8-9am on opening) or in the afternoon (I usually wake up around 2pm).

I get so sidetracked and focused on stuff that the only way for me to function at work is to have an audiobook going constantly to distract my brain as I work. I can pause and focus when I nees to, but it's still limiting. Only when I'm awake. It's okay,  the apathy takes over pretty quickly to prevent the feeling of helplessness and despair, probably all that saves me from falling into depression sometimes.

Until I get asked into my bosses office or get a call from my teamlead, then it all kicks in and I'm like a kid being scolded by a parent.  

What's worse is usually I'm about to be praised or asked normal questions by these authority figures, but my response is "Fuck... this is the day I get found out..." You don't come across as the most caring or attentive person when you forget your relative-of-friend is in critical condition while trying to offer emotional support for said friend. 

"Oh, right." Is also not the most support-inspiring default reaction to have when you remembered what you forgot before. 

It does not make me a bad person, I dont think. The majority of my friends have come to learn and accept that I have the memory retention of a goldfish. You will have to accept that forgetting is just something you do, however when making appointments or promises, try writing them down or use alternate means to remember them. 

When people seem expectant or distressed I try to find social cues that may trigger my memory, and if that doesn't work I am generally very blunt in asking what I may have forgotten. 

&#x200B; It gets a little embarrassing when my SO tells me something that happened and I just don't remember it. Conversations, people we met, funny things, what I had for breakfast, etc. Sometimes I bring up things we've already discussed and my SO just laughs. I know he finds it endearing but I forget everything. We started using an app called Cozi and we'll put tasks, events, lists, etc into it so I can remember important things.

I found that having a routine really helps. I have so many things to grab before I leave the house for work and it's made it so much easier to remember. Almost every minute of my day. ADHD can make you rather anxious. Have you discussed treatment of it to try to see if it would treat the symptoms? (as I understand it, anxiety would be a depressant and ADHD a stimulant? I am if not wrong at least incomplete someone help me out here)


I am willing to bet there are a load of crossover treatments so you could probably try a treatment that covers both and see if you improve that way.  I always double schedule it's so bad I can't realize that I am busy when I make promises and then I gimp out to hard and often forget to cancel as well. Tried connecting with a friend recently and had to cancel the day of, old friend was so angry at me and it was so difficult to make the situation better because I feel I didn't do anything wrong though I can see why that would be frustrating for someone who's very scheduled or invested in plans. My ex was ADHD as well and I think those two attributes clashing between us are what resulted in the dissolving of the relationship I feel this on so many levels. I've tried getting diagnosed multiple times, but keep getting told it's just generalized anxiety disorder. Not being diagnosed in turn makes me feel even more guilty, and the feeling that maybe I'm just making all this up and I'm just actually a lazy, crappy person. I feel like I have horrible anxiety due to the fact I have undiagnosed ADD, and not the other way around. I don't know why it's so hard for doctors to understand that :(  All. The. Time!  You're not alone!

Maintaining focus when others are talking to me is a relatively new issue for me but it's something that makes me feel AWFUL.  I've always prided myself on being a good, active listener. And over the last year or two I drift off when people are talking, I don't even notice it happening. And then I come back and I'm like "holy fuck what did they just say??? I'm such a shitty person!!!"

(Although I've also noticed that a lot people are so self-absorbed & navel gazing they don't even notice/care if you're not listening - they just care that they are doing the talking.)

I don't have many friends so I don't have to worry about disappointing personal relationships. :-)  But I'm most concerned about how all my issues impact me professionally.  I work for myself and have a pretty good reputation (built on when I could hyperfocus like a boss!).  Now that I feel mentally like a floundering fish out of water most days and my hyperfocus is a long-lost memory, I often wonder how long till I screw up majorly, let someone down in a big way and become unhireable.   I came up with this great solution where I push away anyone that might rely on me to prevent them from being dissappointed.  Protip: don't do this. I have a thing with my husband where I literally don't make promises. I say "I will try my very best to remember." He gets it. Maybe once every few months, if it's tally important, I will promise to do something, and I damn well better do it, because we both know that that means, coming from me.  I try not to make promises. If that is unavoidable I will move heaven and earth to fulfill the VERY few commitments I allow myself to make. Learn to say no more often and if people don't get it that is their problem. Just because they can't "see " our disability like one can when someone is in a wheelchair, doesn't make it any less real. This.  while in disagreements with my significant other I would forget the point I MYSELF made or what was the overall subject of it about 20 minutes prior. It makes me upset when I have to blame it on my ADD or the fact I didn’t take my medication that day when I have genuine love and the best intentions in my heart. I agree with everything you’re saying. I felt that.  "Hey, did I ever tell you about ---???"

"Yes, many many times." 😭 Wish my boyfriend would understand that it isn't my fault. I mean, it is, but it isn't at the same time. The responsibility falls on me for not remembering, but the real culprit is my dysfunctional brain.  If you forget a conversation, are your also forgetting the context and memory? Or are you just like a blank slate on the verbal part of the memory.

This is one aspect of ADHD I just don't have.

I tend to live in my head. A lot of thinking. Replaying conversations.

Id say when you have a topic of conversation and a discussion is occurring, a good way to lock in the memory is to summarize it during the conversation. So like after you've gotten the answer to a question and you've listened to the answer, you summarize your understanding with like another question or a compliment. Its a lot like studying for a test, but its also a useful life skill. I can forget what we’re talking about while we are having the conversation. 

Honestly, I don’t know how it happens, but it does. More frequently than I’d like to admit.  I'm lucky my wife seems so far to take this all in stride.  So much this! My boyfriend and I do this thing where I tell him as soon as I realize I started wandering, and ask him to repeat from where we were last. Sometimes he gets frustrated, but usually it was only a sentence or two that I missed, and he understands. We are really sarcastic with each other, so he joked with me once or twice that "he gets it, he isn't exciting enough to pay attention to etc. etc." but when that joke would made me cry, I think he realized this was something that I really hate that I do and I always feel awful when it happens. We went through the same thing when I would forget his work schedule despite him telling me sometimes more than a dozen times that, no, he doesn't work on Monday this week. If you point out things you wish you could stop, tell your partner (or whoever) that you feel horrible every time you do them and you're working on them, they should get it and support you through it. If they understand that you can't control stuff like that all the time and make you feel bad about it anyways, you should reevaluate. The reputation thing is So TRUE!! Time-blindness is a big problem for me + anxiety induced avoidance (1/2 of my procrastinating) + poor time management skills = consistently late and/or late even when I try my hardest! (I cant win!)  Add forgetfulness and spacing-out during important information drops - and you get the well deserved labels of "flaky", "lazy", "unreliable", "irresponsible", "inconsiderate", "spoiled", "immature", etc. Like...I'm already hard enough on myself and I KNOW I've got problems....please dont add to the vortex of negativity already pulling me down!! It doubly hurts because I want to be the reliable friend, the one you can count on. But ADHD ..... sigh  DTMFA. Time to move on. He will never get it. My second husband was the only person in my life who made an effort to understand and love me as I am, even before I had an official diagnosis or meds. He was a wonderful human being and I wish for you to have such a person in your life. This dude needs to go. im really sorry your partner isn't more supportive. 

my exbf has ADHD...i started educating myself on it when he told me but a lot of aspects of it i didn't really get until we ran into problems, then it was too late. were friends now and i still linger on this sub and some others so i can stay up to date. i care about him so much, and its upsetting to hear about people being treated this way. it would behove him (your bf) to learn about it Hey maybe this is an ADHD OR DYSLEXIA thing & I'm not   a terrible person for mixing up 2 peoples birthday constantly!  Thanks for sharing!  A large desk calendar can be your best friend. That is one thing that I live and breathe by. I call it my external brain. I hope one day you can look at it in a positive light too. It took me a long ass time to get here but even when I get real frustrated with how I’m functioning, I try and remember that ADHD makes me a better person too.  There are positives? I end up latching onto writing posts in a very big way, thanks to my hyperfocus.  I usually write multiple paragraphs, regardless of what I'm actually responding to. I've been diagnosed and medicated for a few years now.  

Long periods of intense focus is a large part of ADHD for many, regardless if they're medicated or not. "Actually undiagnosed" as in they do have ADHD and haven't been diagnosed? Are people with ADHD less wordy when they're medicated? You may have to accept that some day you will have to move farther away from those people. Just a suggestion. I really, really get this. Not to be this person but have you tried therapy? I was able to work with an ADHD/ADD specialized therapist to find ways to accomplish things in a way that work for ME. Just wanted to throw it out there in case you’d never thought of it. 

Also as someone who used to be a pharmacy tech, I would consider talking to your doc about switching brands/kinds OR dose of ADHD med if it isn’t working well. If it’s not working for you, you shouldn’t have to struggle by and think this is as good as it gets. It can get better! 

Also I don’t think you’re failing your kids. You love them and you’re trying to do the best you can, THAT is what matters.  At least you are still in the game. Maybe write down, when you are thinking about it, all the stuff you love about them, so they have something to hold and refer to when you are kind of absent now and then. There are so many things I wish I could do over. I didn't get diagnosed and medicated until my kids were grown and now neither of them speak to me unless it is to yell in my face. They are in their 40s, so these are not teenagers we are talking about. I wish you luck, and try not to be too hard on yourself, just keep doing the best you can.  Pro tip: if you have adult family members who undercut you and make you feel worse about yourself distance yourself from them so you can mother your children without their interference. I’m upset for you  Ditto, though been at my job for far longer. I no longer bother to remember everyone's name outside of immediate co-workers. I figure it is more important to treat others with respect when you speak with them and you can often get away with just "Hi" and it not have to be "Hello, David from accounting". That writing stuff down for work tasks is major, though. Have you ever heard of the term instant feedback? I just learned about it recently from a HOW TO ADHD vid, and apparently that’s why ADHD brains enjoy video games so much! Because we’re getting a result right away, and we like that way more than doing things that don’t give us a result back right away. Who knew that we liked video games because of feedback, and not just because we’re lazy and are trying to avoid what we are supposed to be doing lol.  Hey hey hey, you’re gonna get thru this. It sounds impossible but I promise you you’re gonna get thru it. It sounds like you are overworked and you have a lot going on. Give yourself a break, you’re doing the best you can. It’s not your fault you need money and sometimes work may accidentally come before school. You’re an adult, you’re trying to make ends meet, if another adult can’t understand that, that’s dumb as hell. I’m really sorry to hear about your grandpa, dementia is really hard. And don’t be afraid to take a mental health day from work/school if you seriously need it.  I actually have gone to be assessed twice, both times I was told that it was anxiety. I think the first time they thought I was med seeking tbh by the way that they talked to me. The psychiatrist seemed to be talking down to me and tried to refute everything I said. 

I thought to myself, I understand how anxiety can make you space out or have difficulty concentrating, but that’s not it.  Anxiety isn’t talking to someone, seeing something behind the person that you’re talking to that distracts you, which then leads your mind down a road of thinking about the most unrelated information to the actual conversation (none of which is anxiety provoking) based on that one thing you happened to see. Next thing you know you haven’t heard a word the other person said and are completely lost, because you’ve somehow gone down a rabbit hole of trivial shit, that, while interesting to you, would confuse the hell out of the person you’re talking to because they’d have no idea why you were even thinking about it. 

All that being said, maybe i should get another opinion rather than letting my previous bad experiences deter me from doing so.  Ugh now you tell me Classic Hedgehog’s Dilemma. Shinji, just get in the robot.



On a serious note, this is one of the most damaging parts to my ADD/ADHD, especially in terms of dating. It’s not that I don’t want a long term relationship, I just dismiss many people who are overtly interested in me because a) It’s extremely hard for me to want to put the time into getting to know someone in a more emotionally intimate way, when you are confident that you will cause them pain in the long run, and b) well, I forgot b, because that’s just how things work.  I'm all about setting the bar really low or disappointing people when they ask me to do stuff so they don't ever ask me again. You’re very fortunate that your husband gets it. Two of my three boys and myself are diagnosed and I believe the third also has ADHD but not to the same severity that we do and my husband doesn’t get it all. He tries to be compassionate but just can’t comprehend how unintentionally flaky we are (I say that with love, lol). 


Edit: words so that it made sense because of course I sent it before proofreading.  My mum was always mad whenever I tried to do that.

Welp she is narcissist always made me "promise" things. Aka "you are going to do this, ok? Say yes!" Yes learning to say no is key. I say yes way too much.  This is actually one reason my counselor started thinking I might have ADD.  I would get completely confused in the middle of arguments with my husband, and he would bring up things I’d said that I didn’t remember saying.

I thought I was being gaslit at one point, but often I would make the right connections hours later and have to apologize for my crazy reactions.  This is one of the worst feelings. When you have the best of intentions but you fall short anyway. It’s very frustrating. 'blame it on my ADD, baby' - 'Sail by AWOLNATION, such a good song. Might listen to it now It's blank, like the conservation never happened I am like you. I have a good memory, despite the attention problems. This could be because I also have sleep disorder so my brain never really shuts down. It is helpful when someone is trying to use my disability against me and I will remember our last conversation word for word. I have also journaled extensively after some situations to clarify for myself what just happened. I usually figure it out but can be caught off guard in the moment. I am still working on that summarizing thing. Other people seem to require such a time and focus commitment that it makes me tired just thinking about it. It seems sometimes that we have to try so hard to communicate where the other side does not and yet we get the blame for all the misunderstandings. I do this a lot, and it drives my wife crazy. It doesn’t help in the middle of an argument to stop and summarize all of the things said already... It really sucks! :( 

It doesn't surprise me that ADHDers are more prone to having depression and even suicidal thoughts. Society is not very kind to us and it makes it ten times more difficult to manage our ADHD. I really feel for those who have unforgiving parents or relationships.  It is so very hard to accept that our disability is going to cost us some of our relationships. If you can find one person who at least tries to meet you halfway you are doing good. You may have to let the rest of them go, even if they are blood. I really wish I could break up, but he honestly has his good moments that make up for it and we have a very complicated situation. If he was more understanding and forgiving, I would literally have no problems with him. 

Part of me is very thankful that I had a very loving mother and father that never got on my case for my stupid ADHD mistakes, but they also babied me way too much and turned me into a co-dependent person. My boyfriend has a tough love approach to all of my problems, so it's a very harsh wake-up call and I honestly feel like it is doing more harm than good. -_- I don't have dyslexia (that I'm aware of) but I have trouble with March / May, Jim/ James / John, numbers that are too similar . . . I'm not transposing anything, I'm just not awesome at remembering. I'm an academic American Historian, had a 3.85 GPA undergrad and 3.9 grad, minored in Russian, got a B in Calculus . . . And I'm lost about what month we're in. There are definitely positives. ADHD brains are great problem solvers. We’re enthusiastic, can hyper focus, are caring and understanding with others, can notice random things many other neurotypicals brains don’t, were creative and have great imaginations, we bounce back and try again more easily and quickly than others (cause were really used to having to do it...), were good at thinking outside the box, and my personal favorite which I just learned of recently...apparently ADHD brains have a “strong moral compass”, or a good sense of what’s right/wrong or fair/unfair. 

As much as my dory brain can get me in trouble or lead me to disappoint others, my dory brain is also what makes me a fair, kind, dedicated person. The negatives can make it hard to see the positives, but they’re there, I promise.  Coming from someone who hyperfocused her way through writing an entire essay today, yes. Yep. Very new to having adhd (well, not new, but new to being diagnosed) but my meds make me so much less wordy because i either forget what i said and repeat myself, hyperfocus and obsess over it, or just can't think well enough to get the words out so i repeat myself trying I’m currently medicated and will probably always be very wordy. Just how my brain works. I think everyone responds differently to medication, and idk if medication will technically help someone be less wordy. It might make them be more centered and clear with what they’re trying to say or what they’re thinking about but what you actually write is up to you.  I have not found that to be the case :) Very true <3 Thank you! And I appreciate the reply. I have been in on and off therapy since my parents divorce when I was a child. They told me
To make simple lists and mark things off when it’s accomplished .  But then I forget to make the list . Lol. 

I have been able to change my medications. For the past couple of years I have been on Adderall vs Ritalin . It has been a complete game changer . Helped my crazy hyperfocusing and actually helped me concentrate . I have hypothyroidism as well so that is not a point in my corner. I’m being medicated for all of my symptoms . Depression, anxiety, Add, sleep problems. Etc. if my hypo is acting stupid then my ADD acts stupid .. it then becomes a downward spiral of trying to figure out which meds need to be adjusted to bring me back to functional .  

A lot of the time I just have to laugh at myself and just get over it. Others , I ask “why?” A lot .  Thanks. I've learned to deal. As much as my meds help with attention, sometimes they really ramp up the anxiety. I know logicly that what I'm *feeling* isn't actually true, and try to push the negative thoughts out. I've recently started meditating, and it's been *great*! I needed this so much. It actually makes a lot more sense haha. The reason why my last relationship failed and my current mindset in a paragraph. Oh, I am well aware. Even the day of my wedding, my own mother pulled him aside and asked him one last time, "You're *sure* you know what you're signing up for, right? And you're *sure* you still want to do this? It's not too late you know... Okay..." 🙄 Thanks Mom. Lucky for me, he just laughed it off and said yes of course, why would say that? I have been in more than one relationship where the person knew my disability and would use it against me. Don't be too sure that you aren't being gaslit in some way. I agree completely. That’s definitely me. For the hours later part. I always realize later on when I’m at fault or something I said which contributed to it being lead to a rabbit hole. With emotions involved it feels like it’s a black hole. When I mean Later on I’m talking about 
 HOURS and possibly next day when I take my medication and reflect about the previous days events.. It’s saddening that I can’t process it at the moment and need more than a couple of hours to do so.  Oh my god! So I've always had this problem. When I upset or in an argument I cannot for the life of me recall facts or make any reasonable argument because I get so confused and can't keep my thoughts organized.  

I actually have always chalked it up to having been gaslighted during an abusive relationship in my teen years. That's very interesting that others with ADHD have similar experiences. I've noticed it's actually gotten so much better since I've been medicated too. It's so crazy how many things keep popping since my diagnosis that make me go "oooooooh!"  Does that feel like gaslighting? I am glad you had good parents; I did not, so perhaps that is why I cannot afford one more negative person in my life and have had to dump men who treated me like this, even if they had other good qualities. Just don't stop re-evaluating things and ask yourself if you would be worse off without him or better. How do you feel when you think about still being with him five years down the line? I wish you well; the struggle is real. Because it is easier to remember the interesting stuff than it is the mundane. It often doesn't really matter what month it is as long as you pay your bills on time :) Yooooo i really wonder if somehow dyslexia (or something like it???) is tied to ADHD, or maybe is frequently somehow something ADHD brains experience or maybe it’s because we have a learning disability, idk but the more I look at my life the more I realize I struggle with something that kinda appears to be dyslexia. I swap numbers and letters all the time (literally just write vemno instead of Venmo 5 mins ago 🙄), I get things that are similar to each other (New Mexico vs. New York) confused, and I have the hardest time reading letters and sometimes numbers out loud, even tho I’m real good at spelling. Ima look into this more!! I’m glad I’m not alone...with whatever this is lol.  Thank you for taking the time to type this out! I really needed to read this today. Dory brain, I love it. Thanks for writing this down! I tend to get in a downwards negative spiral and can only see the disadvantages of this disorder at times. So thanks for reminding me that it also brings some good things to the table! Awww well I’m glad you have support thru therapy and a system with your doc that lets you adjust your meds when necessary. The list thing is hard. I’ve been told to use that too and sometimes it works well and sometimes it does absolutely nothing. But yeah humor helps so much!  Meditation is a life saver! I totally agree. No worries! I swear those vids are lifesavers. I never knew how to explain why I have such a hard time remembering what people have just told me but I also learned from those vids that it’s because people with ADHD struggle with poor working memory. We have a hard time holding info in our heads and being able to use it later. Honestly learning terms for how my brains works has been incredible for helping other people understand my brain and why I struggle in the ways I do. Knowledge really is power man. 👌🏼 Oh my while I'm sure she had good intentions but that's just uncalled for, Oh, definitely.  Counseling and medication has made me much more aware of his patterns.  He’s quite manipulative and entitled. It’s almost like a reflex with him.

I was quite down on myself in my mid twenties, and I’d been friends with him since we were teens.  

The shame and depression and anxiety that comes with undiagnosed ADHD made me tend to assume that people I considered “normal” knew better than I did how I should be living life. This included him.

That makes me gag now.  

With ADHD, we not only can forget facts and things, we also can forget how an event made us feel in the past.  It’s hard to hold onto a righteous negative emotion long enough to remember to change things.

Medication can make it much easier to remember to fight back. Fuck no, I can remember talking to her but the context is just gone. I just have terrible short term memory. On the ride home, I can remember talking about WWE, but I can't remember 90% of the conversation.

Some days it's worse than others. I'll wake up the next morning and not remember anything we talked about yesterday, but I'll remember cuddling on the couch. You’re welcome!!! ➕➕➕➕➕ I swear I learn new things about ADHD every day. It helps especially so since it makes it easier to explain to people who don’t understand how it works. I do believe you just summed up my entire childhood. She feels really guilty for it now, no matter how much I reassure her that I don't blame/hate/resent her, cause I don't.  Sorry I just replied to your other comment then I read this one. Holy shit I wonder if people with ADHD are to some degree more susceptible to those kinds of abusive relationships? Since we are usually aware of how forgetful we can be and many of us experience the rejection sensitive dysphoria. Interesting to think about.  Right??? It’s like HA here’s science for why my brain does this. Try telling me my ADHD doesn’t exist now!!  