What if I’m on a trivia show some day and the question is how many calories are in a can of Coke? I HAVE to remember to look when I get up The start of a rabbit hole my brain went through when trying to take a nap yesterday.

Completely ridiculous scenario, but I’m going to be agitated every time I remember this stupid thought until I look at the damn can Depends on what size can

if its a 12 oz I think it's 120.

if its a 7.5 oz its 90

And down the rabbit hole we go.

The 12oz can actually has 140

I also found out on this tangent that they sell 16 oz cans. those have 190 calories

I just spent time on this. and i came up with an idea for a post

Edit: Grammar I have to get up and look *right now*. I have these fears, too. I've channeled them into worrying how much food is in the house and how long we would survive in our home after a disaster.

I get stuck between not being able to focus on the task at hand and obsessively preparing for things. Lol one day I was in the shower and my shower story of the day (when I'm in the shower I always am thinking of random stuff and as my mind wanders it turns into some hypothetical situation that I have to get to the end to before I leave) was a talk show I was on where I discussed Lord of the Rings and this one question that came up was about a term I couldn't remember and I spent the entire day researching lotr until I found it. I don't remember the term, but it kinda relates to you. And a decent beer has around 200 calories, so 5 beers is an extra 1,000 calories! :-o Calorie counting is not a fun time :-( I was thinking 160, but I finally looked to confirm, it’s 140. Hopefully I’ll stop thinking about it just remember the calories per ounce and you're set My problem now, while calorie counting is noticing how many things are 140 calories per serving. It’s like they’re trying to cut them to exactly 140 calories. I have a spreadsheet of canned goods that I have stored in the attic, I routinely forget the food exists when I forget to go shopping. Good news is we have 5 days worth of food for 3 people if we stick to 75% rations! When I remember that's not lot if things got bad I get anxious, thankfully (I guess) I usually don't. I completely get what you’re saying!  Because they are. The FDA allows “averaged” calorie values to account for product variation. I’m too lazy to find a source.  Five days, wow! I've been trying to get a master list finished for our kitchen.

I've just started putting together bins for each of us for emergency... I just bought a can or two each time I went to Aldi, and put the nutritional facts in a spread sheet so I can break it down into calories per day. If you buy lots of beans and yams it's not that many cans. It also may not be that fun to eat if you're not in a disaster! I tell my wife this canned cornbeef hash will taste delicious when we're cooking it over burning rubble. 

My goal was a week, I figure if a major storm hits that's not unreasonable to have roads blocked off and have a little extra if we need to share, and anything longer than that is Mad Max territory which I am not going to try to prepare for. 

I think its a commendable goal. It feels nice having some level or preparedness if there's bad weather on the forecast.  I think it's important. Not everybody believes in preparedness. I think it's also a fun hobby. My husband and I like to pretend we're already in the zombie apocalypse. Makes shopping fun! Just fyi, as Ashens pointed out, sometimes cans just don’t fare well. Even stored properly. 