If people in this subreddit ever make it to be a millionaire or highly successful, dont forget to donate to mental health organizations! I feel bad for the millions of people who suffer everyday without even knowing they have a problem. ADHD is a life destroyer but there are mental illness that are life takers.

So please, even if you merely are successful, don't forget to donate. You could have been a lost soul, but you were able to get the help you needed. Some people aren't that lucky. If I ever become a billionaire, I'll donate until I'm a barely a millionaire. That's a bloody promise. Ain't no body need too much money If I ever become a millionaire I will be starting my own trust for people with ADHD, it will fund tons of projects and professionals to help those who need it the most. Also if anyone on this sub ever becomes a millionaire....

DON'T FORGET WHERE YOU SET DOWN THE MILLION DOLLARS. >don’t forget to

I’m gonna stop you right now. What subreddit do you think you’re in? I’d forget my name if I could. I donate to Chadd every time I purchase something on amazon. American Suicide Prevention is a good one too since I lost a friend to suicide. I do their out of the darkness walks each year  I've done that, one month was particularly good for me (self employed) so I donated to a UK mental health charity. My business is no longer profitable and was in no way lots of money when it was, but I had a lot left over back then. I am mildly successful (half the time) in what I do and my company matches charitable contributions taken from paychecks. I know it’s a drop in the bucket but can anyone recommend a good adhd I can make contributions to? 
 And please make an AMA on the ADHD subreddit!  Just today I was compelled to type out a quick “if I die...” document.  Mostly passwords and family business stuff that I solely handle right now.  But I threw in some generic stuff about how I don’t really care what you do with me or yourself when I’m gone, but if you must “honor my legacy” in some way, donate to a place that offers mental health care to those who can’t afford it.  I searched and searched for an organization like this that specifically says it does something like this but I couldn’t find one.  I’ll leave the research to my loved ones. 😉 Wait, what am I not supposed to forget? I honestly don't know what to do with a million..

I lived in a small cheap house in the expensive part of town for a while.
There are people there who take out the same garbage 5 times per day to be able to meet other people, the gardens were that big. 

Right now I live in a boring, average neighborhood. Lots of children, people to greet. My house is small, this makes sure I don't gather stuff I do not need.

If I would win the lottery I would buy something nice for myself (and the people that are close to me) and give the rest to charity. 

I could quit my job, but that's the only thing that forces me to be useful, I might get so slow it would be bad for me.

 It’s better to make investments to companies that are working in the sector you want to donate to than to donate to a foundation. If you’re a self made billionaire, I’m sure you would be able to spend the money better and ensure growth so you can keep helping.

Those with money usually donate to things they care about, but not enough to actively help with. I'd say that the best way to do so is to educate teenagers in school, because a lot of people live without the knowledge about the things that make their lives really hard and just heartbreaking! 

More people need to know about the possibility of having ADHD themselves!  Good on you! I hope your business picks up again. A million wouldn't even be enough to buy a house in my current city .__.

I'm planing to move though, but a small house in a decent location will still be around 500-600K once I start looking. Put the $1 million into mutual funds and live on a $100k income without losing any money. A million isn't really that much money these days, probably not even enough to comfortably retire on, depending on how long you live afterwards. I took a mental health class in high school and was told people with ADHD are hyper and have trouble sitting still. Oml I thought, "that kinda sounds like me sometimes, but I don't think I have ADHD?" I have PI btw. Same... I could go to the countryside and get down to 150k, but, well... there's nothing else around.  


I could buy an apartment for 300k in my hometown.  You mean I could retire and sit on reddit all day?

No thanks. I did something like that in college, with the difference that I at least had some friends who did the same thing :-)  So yeah this needs to be dealt with in a different, more serious manner, it's not 100% about hyperactivity, but most of the time it's the Inattentivity to things and activities you need to focus on at a given moment. 

And the problem lies in the way our brains are hard-wired to it, differently than neurotypical brains.  Go to the countryside if you can, much less impulses is good for our brains :-)  I'd personally love to travel and experience different cultures without worrying about expenses 