I had ONE JOB! (That I gave myself!!!) I had the day off while my girlfriend was at work. She usually listens to podcasts or audiobooks while working to drown out her noisy office environment but she had forgotten her earphones at home. She was really struggling bc someone in the office kept having loud phone convos complaining about stuff. So I decided I would get my ass outta bed and surprise her by showing up at her work with her earphones. I took a shower, started a load of laundry, looked on yelp for places to eat lunch, filled my thermos with tea, brought a package I needed to drop off at the UPS store afterwards, put another stop to a full-service car wash into google maps, figured I should also go to Microcenter on the way back for an Ethernet cable, then drove 40 minutes to her work. After I parked, it dawned on me that I had left her earphones on the kitchen counter right next to where my keys were to make sure I DIDNT forget them... 

TL:DR, planned my whole day around bringing my gf her earphones, then forgot the earphones.

Edit: I actually rummaged through my car and found an old pair of emergency earphones in my glove compartment that I had spilled ink on. She was confused. This sub has made me feel not alone in this world. I cannot count how many times something like this has happened. And that would quickly turn into the story of how I spent $14.99 on shitty headphones at the corner store by my girlfriend's office.

&#x200B;

Is it better now? Is it worse? Did I overdraft my account for some crappy overpriced headphones? Who knows! I expected this story to end with you arriving and realizing her workday was over. You did way better! Good job!  All the feels!

And hopefully "it's the thought that counts?? Aw this is sweet. And I’m glad she got earphones in the end.

Celebrate the fact that you remembered to put emergency earphones in your car in the first place! :) You are me. My thing is returning an item to a store for a refund. Oh, look, forgot the item AND the receipt!!! If it were me, I might not have forgotten the headphones, but I definitely would be so late in delivering them that my partner would have about 45 minutes of work left for the day by the time I “surprised” him. On the upside, you got a lot done!  Jesus christ, you sound like me. Awww, man! I hope you at least took her to lunch and explained the situation. I would have been happy about the effort. 

You should have just bought her some new headphones at a local store close to her job - to keep with her as a backup in case she forget them again.. :)  A few days ago i had a similar situation. I had a banana sitting on the table to put with my lunch, because apparently it’s bad to leave a banana in the fridge overnight, so i got the banana before heading to the bus stop to go to school. Right as i got on the bus, I realized I brought the banana, but not the rest of my lunch. Your title made me so excited for your story. I'm glad I'm not the only person who does things like this. Maybe this is why people underestimate me.  This is my life! Too funny!  My grandma always told me Id forget my head if it wasnt attached!  You can’t help but sometimes laugh at what happened. In the moment I would be so frustrated and mad but in the end you were about to find an emergency pair so glad that worked out.  Omg, I can so relate!   It's the thought that counts. This scares me its so accurate, like ill have days where I plan so many things and kill the outing and then there is days were everything goes so wrong, I've driven 2-3 hours and forgot the 1 thing I needed. That is totally me. I seem totally unable to achieve anything. But God knows I try my best. Yup, I played hockey my whole life until college. I was know to go to show up at practice and games only to realize I forgot an essential piece of equipment at home, especially my sticks and jerseys which I didn't keep in my hockey bag. I started to just always keep them in the car so I wouldn't forget them, but my bag would stink up the car, so I would have to air it out in my garage. I once drove to a hockey tournament 5 hours away, only to get there and realize I had my sticks and my jerseys, but I forgot to put my bag in the trunk. I walked right past it, got in the passenger seat and left without it occurring to me for 5 hours. My dad had to leave work early to get it to me in time for my first game.  The intention was good.  You tried and she got to see that you cared enough about her to try.  So I'd    call that a success. >I took a shower, started a load of laundry,

This is how far i got in reading this post because this reminded me i had wet laundary laying from hours ago that needed to be dried.

(Also i was eating while reading it. So my food got cold of cource.) Sounds like me.  Every morning, make coffee and pack lunch.  Many mornings, Get to work and realize, either forgot coffee or forgot lunch, sometimes both. At least you tried! That’s better than some people I’m new to Reddit and honestly finding this subreddit (I think that’s what it’s called??? Maybe??) makes me feel like I found my people. This happens almost every day to me. Apparently having a “launch pad” area where you keep what you need to in a clear, clutter-free area can help you remember to take things with you, but I still forget things. It helps a little but you know, distraction is everywhere lol.  In the past 24 hours I've left my wallet at home when going shopping, forgot my referral when going to the doctor, and forgot to bring a water bottle into Uni with me. I had gone weeks without doing anything like that, and then BAM! I hit a triple :/  Was on holiday in Bali last month, bought a shirt which I then decided didn't want (don't ask why) and then proceeded to forget to take the shirt out with me when we went back to the market area, 3 TIMES! I'd say it was 3 days and a change of hotel/area before I managed to get back to seminyak and finally exchange it for other stuff. It was literally the only important thing I needed to do as I was on holiday and had no responsibilities lmao 

Currently waiting to book an appointment with a psychiatrist for a diagnosis, always had a feeling I suffered from some attention deficiency but wasn't until I found this subreddit that I really knew it's not just me lmao  > filled my thermos with tea,

Well, now I remember I boiled water for tea two hours ago. Well, if I was your girlfriend, I'd have a separate set of earphones that I left at work, I guess assuming she doesn't use expensive ones.  

I have a separate set of computer charge cords and phone charge cords that stay at work.  I have been known to forget my cellphone at home every now & then tho.   I also wanted to say that here we removal dry erase paper.  You probably have it where you are too.  You could cut off a 3ft x 3ft square and put it on the door.  When you know you will have to bring something, write in on the door in dry erase marker.  That way you won't forget, and you can just wipe that list off whenever you no longer need it. A few weeks ago I went through exactly this... Made every effort to prep for a work trip so I wouldn't forget anything like I usually do. Got almost halfway from Nashville to Asheville (4.5 hour drive) when a sense of panic came over me. Remembered I had left my work laptop on the kitchen counter SO I WOULDN'T FORGET IT and somehow managed to pick up my keys from right next to it, get in the car, and drive two hours before realizing it :( Total waste of a day going back to get it!!! I did this literally this morning, I had a key on my dresser that was super important for work. I placed it next to my phone. I got dressed, grabbed my phone without even looking at it and was out the door. 

The key is still on my dresser and I only remembered that even forgot it because I saw this. Ha. Girlfriend and I left for a road trip, of course later than we were supposed to leave, finally get every last thing in the car after running back into the house multiple times... we stop at QT to get snacks and drinks and gas, hop back on the road, everything's going great... and we realize we completely forgot to get gas. The whole reason we had went. Ended up having to pull off at some shady small town spot a few miles down the road. Lol. I'd have driven all the way back and picked the headphones up from home, because I'd be kicking myself all day otherwise  Omg you have to stop writing about me #attacked  Lol I thought the same!  If she's anything like my gf, she thinks his ADHD issues are cute (even though they might be frustrating at times). Mine thinks my "ADHD moments" are hilarious sometimes, and that helps me remember to laugh it off instead of getting frustrated!   Haha I found a back up pair in my glove compartment  This is the kind of thing my teenage son does all the time, he clearly takes after me :) Done this enough that I finally got a backpack that fits all of my work needs so that everything has a place and is in it’s place when not in use.  This bag is ONLY used for work and travels back and forth with me on my commute daily.  I’m always prepared to work from home if need be and always have peace of mind that I’m not missing anything I might need. I think a non ADD person could have done the same thing.  Probably the answer is to put your computer in a bag, right in front of the door with your keys on top of or inside the bag. And this is why I try to put stuff on top of my phone (instead of next to it) or stuffed into my bag (instead of next to it). 😁 Nice!!!  