So.. I go to my psych appointment this morning, forgot to take my meds. I mention this to her and she laughs and says she knows - I had been jumping all over the place. I leave, get b&e roll, realise I forgot to pay psych, pay psych, forget to pay for roll. 😂 Also I asked her to write a new script because I thought I had no repeats when I actually had 2 left. Oh dear. Lol My girlfriend once had a fun little chuckle because I have an alarm on my watch to go off when I need to take my second dose of the day (and it is imperative that I hit snooze if I am in the middle of something). Well, I turned it off at 1pm, got on a tangent with a research paper (which led to other related, then unrelated topics) that I really enjoyed writing and forgot to take them. As she aptly put it "I forgot to take the meds which help prevent distraction because I got distracted."

Fun times, fun times... haha

I had to get a pill separater thing because I kept forgetting if I had taken them or not (I could see it in my head, but I don't trust the visual, it could be any day or just imaginary) and I would either not take it, or end up taking it twice. Either way, not a fun day.

&#x200B; You can't make this shit up.

Translate your headline into motor skills and yeah you found me.

The clutzery you just went through is about the equivalent of me slamming a shoulder into a door frame, looking back in shock and dropping my phone, picking it up, walking to my desk then twisting my ankle on a flat floor a few steps later. One of those days, i admire your ability to accept yourself for who you are and laugh about it, working on doing the same thing for myself. Still too hard on myself sometimes. When I went to pick up my meds prescription I was distracted the whole time with an Amazon package I had and then left my backpack at the rite aid. The pharmacist called me to come pick it up.  I forgot to pay for my psych too lmao!! They weren’t thrilled Amazing! "it could be any day or just imaginary"
Well if that ain't the most relatable thing I've read all day lol. 
>I had to get a pill separater thing because I kept forgetting if I had taken them or not (I could see it in my head, but I don't trust the visual, it could be any day or just imaginary) and I would either not take it, or end up taking it twice. Either way, not a fun day.
>

I can vividly make fake memories on demand... that is what years of trying to remember the who what when where and why of 5 minutes ago has done to me. So yeah my whole life is set up to leave proof of itself.



 Does ADHD cause clumsiness too? It wouls explain so much  I always think it is hilarious when people try to be hard on me or insult me... they are crap at it compared to what I say/do to myself just to get everything done in the day. She actually mentioned that I’d been putting myself down when I was talking about learning design skills for my current subject at uni. She said she was sad because I’m a bright woman. 

So even though I do laugh about it, I’m still very much on the same path as yourself :) we’ve just conditioned ourselves over the years. Mine was definitely as a result of feeling inadequate - having to put too much time into what should have taken half the time. That sort of thing. 

We got this! Hahahaha that made me laugh. I did that at the doctors the other day and then I almost missed my appointment. She’d called my name too many times due to me trying to find a pic to send someone on my phone.  I always try to do that first. helps me a lot. Yeah i started using a pill separator too, it really doesnt help that im prescribed benzos for my anxiety, as it just worsens my working memory, but ive had success since i started using it. That describes so many of the issues I've had lol Don't think it's a direct cause but there's heavy correlation. During my testing I was told to stand up, close my eyes, stick my tongue out, hold my arms out and be still for 30 seconds. I almost fell over several times. 

Another while standing - one arm down at rest, the other "reach up and screw in an imaginary light bulb." I later found out they were watching my hand-at-rest to see if the wrist-twisting motion of my hand in the air, "leaked through" to my hand at rest. It did. Slightly.  If it does, then i can stop worrying i have a traumatic brain injury from all the drunk cycling i did in my 20s. I'm pretty sure it does in some people. 😂😂 it happens!!!  Oh god, I can't imagine having my working memory be be any worse than it is now. That sounds awful it is called mirroring. 

I learned about this in the Handel institute.  Same! I'd rather just deal with the anxiety lol. Granted, mine isn't too bad. But I already forget thing so often as it is! Today I had to go back into the house 3 separate times before I finally left. Then I realized I forgot a charging cable for my phone because for some reason I brought them all in.  