When someone is telling a funny story, forget about your similar (or not) story you just thought of and focus on laughing. People tell funny stories. Then we want to immediately tell our funny story because we will forget it. Just allow yourself to forget it because it isn't as important as listening to the other person and allowing then time to fully explain tgeir funny story.

People Will be much more excited to connect with you and, for that reason alone, any story you could interrupt their story with is not worth it. So just take a minute to laugh with them and then who cares about your funny story. It Will come back at some point. If not, they will be more willing to give you a minute to gather your thoughts and find the story, or come up with another.

Exchange of thoughts are precious to us all. So allow yourself to be a participant solely through observation. This has been such a struggle for me. I have to remind myself of this all the time.  Something I find interesting from the POV of someone with ADHD is that the coping strategies are often good for normal folk.

I've heard a similar thing to your thing, essentially:

Listen, don't wait to talk Love this. Learning to allow myself to forget, or force myself to forget things that aren't important has really been huge in helping me manage my ADHD. This is another good way to apply that, thanks for sharing. It's like you knew what I had to read. I've been struggling with what to do in these situations. I thought by also sharing my funny stories it was like bonding time. Like, “hey I have also experienced a similar funny story! Omg!!” 


I thought for some strange reason that if I could share a similar experience it meant that I was a good listener. 

I think it’s good in some instances, but not all of them.

I’m just starting to realize I shouldn’t be doing it all the time! I’m not a one upper! I literally thought we were sharing stories together! My bad.

Thanks for the reminder! Additional strategy:  When you find yourself interrupting and you've only realized a few seconds in turn it into a compliment to the other person by making it into a favorable comparison for them.  It takes an annoying interruption and makes it into a positive exclamation for the person in question.

Example:  Someone is telling a story about a time that someone nearly changed lanes and hit their car, but they quickly changed lanes and saved themselves. Your brain shouts past the filter that the same thing just happened to you last week and it was scary!  Save it by adding that you just panicked and hit the brakes and you find it impressive that the person had the presence of mind to safely change lanes and get away.

Genuine praise will erase almost any minor transgression.  man,i hate realising that i do this.. This is actually good advice for everyone. So many people plan what they will day next instead of listening.  The problem is then I have nothing to ever say and it quickly becomes a one sided conversation. :/ arrrg get out of my head! ;)  "The problem of our communication is that we listen to reply not to understand" is another variant..

&#x200B;

Not sure if this is a adhd problem only though? Oh my gosh I don't know why I never thought of it that way. Definitely going to start reminding myself this. Thank you! I didn't think something so simple would evade me for so long lol. But then what do I say when they stop talking? Or even worse.. If you're trapped with someone who doesn't have the ability to stop talking!  Just let it go! I've let go of a story, had the laugh, then went to tell my story and forgot! And I said, "Ah gimme a minute. I forget what triggered my memory!"

Give it a few seconds and remind yourself that if you forgot already, it probably wasn't important and probably not as funny as you thought. The good stories really stick around. So you aren't at a loss. [deleted] nah defo an everyone problem but as I say, if you're naturally bad at something it gives you a window of opportunity to deliberately address and improve it rather than just shrugging your shoulders. It is an executive functioning problem. We lack it. Since we lack it, we struggle.

But we love to laugh! It can be a reward for us. So maybe I'm saying to use laughing as a mechanism for engagement. Obviously we can't laugh at every story since not every story is meamt to be funny. But we have one more tool to help get us through the day in a specific situation! 