Finally made a doctor's appointment I've been meaning to meet with a doctor to talk about ADHD and I finally did it. Since elementary school I have always been sort of a distracted kid. My report cards would always say "distracted others" and "loses focus often", but my grades were A's and B's throughout high school and into college (I'm a junior now). 

Simple tasks such as reading paragraphs out of a book, doing laundry and listening to someone talk have always been difficult, I just sort of brushed them off. For example, I took me 45 minutes to actually brush my teeth after I told myself I needed to. It's 3 A.M. and I told myself I need to go to bed by 12, and this happens every single night. Every homework assignment I have, I do last minute, and I haven't even cancelled a gym membership in my home town after 2 months, even though I'm being charged. My friends always make fun of me for being late to literally every event, and my parents get mad that I do every thing last minute. 

My anxiety has worsened since the beginning of college, and I finally told myself enough is enough. I'm really nervous for my appointment, because I have no idea what to expect, so any advice would be appreciated. I don't know what to say to my doctor or what to ask her.  I think it helps to write first all the things  you want to say to your doctor.  In case you forget. And I only experience talking with a psychologist for the first time two weeks ago. Still planning on seeing a psychiatrist. Good luck btw!  I went to my normal doctor with similar problems as yours and she helped me validate my feelings. She couldn't diagnose on her own but it was so nice to feel validated that something is up. A few days ago I called a mental health organization and got an appointment with someone. So we'll see what they say.

&#x200B;

All I did was open a word document and start writing down symptoms and experiences of those symptoms. "I forget a lot, I keep forgetting things my boss tells me at work" etc. It's most difficult to just start talking about it. I had a little head start because I asked for a mental health evaluation before I went in. The nurse gave me a paper with common stuff on it (how often do you feel suicidal, how often do you feel worthless, how often do you feel like you can't pay attention, etc stuff like that).

&#x200B;

Good luck friend, just tell the truth. 