An ADHD moment that was mortifying at the time, but also hilarious Yesterday I went to my psychiatrist and I mentioned how while my attention span is great, I’m still super forgetful. Then I forget my wallet and CANT PAY FOR THE APPOINTMENT. So I go to check my car for my wallet, forgot I was doing that, and drove off. I was crying the whole drive home but looking back its fucking hilarious And now your doctor won't have any doubts.  I put my gym bag in the locker and padlocked it. 

Forgot my gym towel though. 

Combination, bag out, gym towel out, bag back in, aaaand padlock. 

Forgot water bottle though. 

Combination, bag out, water bottle out, gym towel in, aaaaaand padlock. 

Right gym towel again. So. 

Combination, bag out, gym towel out, padlock in aaaaaannd...... Once, I went to a restaurant and was raving about how much I wanted to try this ravioli dish. The waiter came over and I ordered ravioli and a diet coke. After they leave, my friend turns to me and says, "I thought you wanted the ravioli?" I was confused by the question and just replied telling her that that was why I had ordered it. She then replies saying, "You ordered a pizza? You even pointed to it on the menu?" 

I go up to the waiter, and surely enough, I had somehow ordered the complete wrong meal. I changed my order and shortly after the food arrived. 

Ordered a sprite instead of a coke, too.  Relatable.   


I've had to go back out to the car to grab my wallet (for a pack of smokes, or whatever), get back to the car and just automatically buckle up and drive off. I eventually realized my mistake, and went back - after I reached for my smokes and there were none. Password on my old router was something along the lines of blueberry257. Need the password to fuck with DNS stuff and for port forwarding. The password is on the back of my router.



*checks back of router, sees blueberry257*



*puts in blueberry357 6 times wondering what I’m doing wrong*



*checks back of router again, sees blueberry257*



*puts in blueberry237 6 times wondering what I’m doing wrong*



*checks back of router again, sees blueberry257*


*puts in blueberry327*



And so on and so forth. My grocery store doesn’t allow you to take the carts outside, so if you can’t carry your groceries in your hands, they put them in tubs and send them away on a conveyor belt. They give you giant plastic numbers that correspond with your tub and you drive through to have an attendant put them in your trunk for you. 

How many times do you think I’ve made it all the way home without exchanging my numbers for my groceries? Take a guess and then add to it a little more to account for the times that I make it ALMOST all the way home before having to go back and get them. I tip the attendants nicely for not laughing at me to my face. And my family has gotten used to melted/refrozen ice cream... AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

I hate this disorder. I feel like a total fucking idiot sometimes.  After my first appointment with the psychologist who diagnosed me with ADHD, I was rummaging in my bag for my keys as I was leaving and accidentally walked in on another therapist in session instead of going out the exit. Oops.  This makes me feel so much better. I’m actually going to talk to a dr about this. And the more I read here I’m kind of relieved. I thought I was just a moron.  Definitely did this for one of my checkups. You're in good company at the OMG why can't I function club I used to work at a fast food place. About 10 minutes before I was scheduled to leave for the day, my boss asked me to stock the kids meals. According to him and multiple coworkers who were there, I looked him in the eye and said "OK, I'll do that before I leave." I then picked up a paper kids meal bag, walked to the back of the store to grab my coat, took off my apron, and left with the empty kids meal bag still in my hand. I have no recollection of agreeing to do this task (not that I would have intentionally said no- it was my job), but the next day they thought I had been mad at him for something, and I was just confused. I didn't remember the conversation at all.

Autopilot is not very considerate sometimes. Lol what did your doctors office think of this? Skeletons, that reminds me of times when I had to pay inside at a gas station for whatever reason & drove off without gas.  I'm guessing you are a guy; I keep my wallet & keys in my purse all the time so can't forget the wallet.  Maybe you could stash your wallet and keys together at home or get a small wallet you can attach your keys  Thought I was doing better because I managed to sit down and write a research essay, was really proud of myself until I realized half way through that I wrote it on the wrong topic lol This is soooo me. I accidentally showed up for a doctors appointment over a week early. I never figured out why I thought it was that date. It wasn’t even a similar date or the same day of the week.  This is an almost daily occurrence, but it reached a new level of ADHD-ness today: I lose track of my cell phone at least once a day, almost every day. Today I was in the elevator at work, and I couldn’t find my phone. I started muttering to myself, checking all my pockets...and finally found my phone—in my hand. The lady next to me looked at me pitifully and said “I was going to say something...” I received a notice from AT&T and realized that I had completely forgot to pay bills when I got paid. I'm normally hyper -organized. I have a spreadsheet and everything to keep myself on track. I can't imagine what I'd be like without meds.  Yesterday I just completely lost my AP Us History book that’s like 1000 pages and around $150, wish me luck :) I got to CVS today and realized I somehow lost my Vyvanse prescription. My doctor doesn't work Fridays so now I have to remember to call Monday to request a new one. This post is golden. Its endearing and funny. It can be a plot for a good slice of life book. A Day in a Life of  Haha yeah it's definitely one of those funny "ugh ADHD" moments  That's such a funny story and it's so good you can laugh about it. I'm sure once you explain what happened to the office and pay it later they'll find it a bit funny too. I sat in the metro,  
reached the end of the line,  
where I was to get off but...  
returned to where I started  
because I was too distracted [preparing and going to school]

Jacket on, bag on, stuff's in it, got my work-clothes for right after school with me, let's leeaaai've forgotten my lunch

Right, let's go out the door, down the stairs, out on the streeeei've forgotten that crucial book I needed to study

Go back, up the stairs, bag off, set plastic bag with work clothes away, book into bag, bag on, out the door, down the stairs, onto the street, all the way into school

Aaaaaand I forgot my working clothes. Gotta take a school module off to get it.

Nice.  Yikes



I hope he understands 

I’m still young (16) so my mom pays for my psychiatrist I think idk lol  I’m constantly forgetting certain credit cards at home (different ones to pay for different things) but I always keep one and my driver’s license in my phone so that I know I always have them on hand. The amount of times I’ve taken my driver’s license out of my wallet and then driven is absurd. Having them in my phone has helped me a lot as I never (well rarely) forget my phone.  Thank you. I also found that amusing.  This happens to me so goddamned much. The worst was when I had lost my wallet in in California on a school trip, bought a new wallet at Target after getting my drivers license back, locked myself out of the car for three hours, and somehow lost my Social Security card somehow in the process. Not my best day. I have What’s probably the worst ADHD shit I’ve ever done...

I forgot I had a girlfriend for a whole month and change. 

I was 19, she was 18. I got a new job and relocated.  Previously, we were in a super conservative church so we had to date in secret. When I left, I cut off all contact with everyone there. Moved to a new town and my 9-5 meant I was working, then coming home to sleep because I had no friends. 

Work was especially stressful some time down the line and I thought, “I wonder what x is up to?” It did not go well at all. 

I’m very prone to forgetting my friends exist too.  My bf was texting me, asking me to give his phone number to the repair guy who was coming by.

Of course, I didn’t bother to read the entire text - just keywords- before impulsively responding.

I texted my boyfriend my phone number.  ADHD !! It's not a liability it's a Superpower!

As ohnobonobo says below me ...your doc will definitely believe you!! Today I was about to unlock the store I work at and TOTALLY blanked on the alarm code. I swear I need to wake up earlier so the Adderall can kick in before I start work lol I'll be honest, I totally could see myself forgetting my wallet, but I guess I'll just feel fortunate to have some level of confidence in saying that I cannot imagine I would have forgotten why I was going to my car.

At least you got a good story out of it :) That is so freaking funny!  I was at the laundromat recently and I was putting clothes from the washer into the dryer. Spaced out, and started putting my clothes from the dryer back into the washer in an endless loop. Realized I was doing that, finally got all the clothes in the dryer and then I walked away without pressing start. 🤦🏼‍♀️ If your doctor tells you how to fix that lmk bc that’s where I’m at lmao Hi sorry - IS FORGETFULNESS A SYMPTOM OF ADHD!? I’m not being sarcastic. Can you really just be horribly disruptively forgetful and not have a concentration problem?? (Like focusing on school work?) if so I really really need to be evaluated - I honestly just thought I was stupid. D: I used to lock my keys in my car almost every day in high school. The school officer and I became homies 😂  Once I was in class and everyone was having a discussion. I was bored and starting messing with the blinds. Kinda forgetting where I was I just sort of like, hit them, and everyone in the room stopped looking at me and started laughing. Never lived it down lol. This is some real-life talk. Absolute classic ADHD stitch-up! omg i feel this so hard. people give me so much shit for forgetting things BUT I CANT HELP IT I said this to someone else - HIGHLY recommend asking your doctor if they can keep a card on file!! I have had this at several doctor’s offices now (mainly psychiatric, which now makes sense lol) and it has been a huge help! I may not have been able to pay for food on the way home but my copay was taken care of lol!  be me. know my birthdate. let's say january 1st.

also know that today is january 1st.

of course those 2 pieces of information have **nothing** to do with each other....

come home to a surfboard in the living room.

go on a rant at my gf about why the fuck she's buying surfboards and who the fuck even surfs.

she starts crying.

realize that it was a birthday gift for me.

&#x200B;

yes of course i stood my ground and didn't ever use it before selling it. Which is no bad thing. I kept on interrupting mine at my last appointment and it was horribly awkward at the time, but afterwards it made me realise she's at least got the measure of how impulsive I am now, and how hard it can make communication. 😔 Aaaand can’t remember the padlock code 😂😂

But seriously, was it 213 or 235?  *it’s 867* OMG- this is me leaving for work every morning. I use a front door- neighbors must think I’m insane. Sometimes I remember something I need or didn’t do while I’m locking the door, sometimes it’s while I’m unlocking the car, sometimes once I’m in the car, sometimes I drive away and come back...but I’ll be in and out a couple times before truly leaving. So embarrassing. Was jumping my gf's car with my car, we have limited parking.

Move my car next to hers

Jump her car

Move her car, park it in a permit-only spot. *turn off the car*.

Run back to my car, move it to its proper spot.

Go back to her car aaaand god-fucking-dammit why did I turn off the car. Went gym. Forgot bag. 

Go back for bag, forgot water. 

Buy water, proceed to gym, finish gym, realized I’ve put on pants backwards. 

Left gym with my phone without bag.

Aaaaaand they kept bag This is my life. I once locked my gym locker with my gym bag sitting on the bench in front of it. Took me a few seconds before I realized  that my locker was empty.  I constantly check my pockets for keys, wallet, and phone every time I leave my house. Sometimes I wonder why I do that because I don't seem to forget those things. Then I take my meds and within 5 minutes, pill bottles still in front of me, I can't remember if I took my meds or not and Im like "oh ok that's why" It took me almost an hour to go pick up cat food over the weekend because I made three separate wrong turns- and wrong turns two and three were the same. Couldn’t decide whether I should cry or laugh at the time.  At least you remembered your combination. (Ah memories of forgetting my high school locker combo.) This was me.  I got to the gym at 7:30 this morning and still didn’t walk into work next door until 11:00.  I only did a 60 minute work out.  What happened to 2.5 hours of my life?  The locker routine above (minus the combination because I can’t do locks - I never considered this was an ADHD thing!  I just cannot do combination locks and I just take a risk someone will steal my stuff every day).  

Sigh.  I had a VERY bad ADHD day today.   *a strange mix of amusement and crippling self doubt* You should probably quit smoking. Are you me? I always mess up numbers.  The 'Show' button on password entries is a lifesaver. 😭 now that's the oddest grocery bag system i heard about At my first visit (32 y/o at the time) the psych asked me to tell her about my educational history and any difficulties I might have had. I got to my 3rd college and 4th major before she was like, “Yep.” and then we did the formal battery of tests. 

I had a total of 5 colleges, 5 majors, and 2 minors before all was said and done. Sort of done. Still have half a bachelor degree’s worth of credits collecting dust, if they haven’t expired.  Me too! Glad that there's an actual socially accepted acronym that I can claim, instead of sheepishly explaining to people I might not remember ever having met them next time I see them because I somehow have memory issues at 36. It’s a challenging club but a membership bonus is great stories  Auto pilot is the worst.. bc u never realize when it turns on.. just when people tell u about the after effects lol I could never have a job like that where I couldn't write everything down.   They weren’t amused, left me 3 voicemails along the lines of “YOU DIDNT PAY US” Wallet in my purse, keys clipped to my purse at all times.

Spent 20 minutes literally tearing my house apart because I lost my keys after needing to grab them to move the car.

They were on the key hook. I put ridiculously long attachments to my keys and phone just because I lose them so often. 

And I still lose them. I once answered a case study question in an exam with a completely different case study to what it was asking about lmao This is me, except with classes! Yesterday I convinced myself that I had class at 11am, and I walked to school with my friend who also had class at that time. And when I got to my classroom, there was a while other class and prof there. 

"No big deal," I thought, since I was a bit early - but when I checked my schedule again I didn't actually have class till 2. This is not the first time this has happened since school started... 2.5 weeks ago... Thank you! You reminded me I need to pay some bills.  Grew up with “ADHD meds are just meth for kids” parents so I’m yet to be medicated. It’s a saga.  Fuck I need to pay my bills Lost a 200 book before. My parents almost murdered me and even though i bought the book. Ughhhh yes follow up with doctors is the WORST for this. I will forget I have to call a doctor every day until like an hour after they have already closed and then curse at myself. [deleted] Eee! I've done that too. Had a nice book-wallet type cover (folio?) for my phone and slits where I could put my id and credit card in it. Great for dates when I wanted to carry less. I imagine that is how guys feel. I always get upset when I get a new drivers license and they insist on getting rid of the old one. My brain loves the idea of extra copies. :( Lol! I think you win! 
Are you are an introvert as well? I feel like my sister forgets that I live in the same area as her but I think it’s also because she likes being alone so much she has to be prodded sometimes 😊 I texted my wife, asking her if she was going to pick up our son from daycare one day. She is the type of person that doesn't respond immediately to texts. About an hour or so after...I glance at my phone and see the question "Were you going to pick up Noah from daycare?" To which I respond in a heated way, "That is exactly what I asked you like an hour ago?" "I'll go ahead and pick him up since you totally ignored me when I asked." I then get a response... "I'll wait here while you two hash it out." "I said who? It's only me here.." to which she responded..."Go back and read your texts." 

Turns out I responded to my original question, thinking that was her talking to me...nope. It was me arguing with myself...again.. sigh...   Shiiit I’ve done that when I lived in the dorms. Cute guy from upstairs caught me and called me “Laundry Girl” from then on. They should save your card number! My doctor’s offices have been keeping my card on file and it’s a lifesaver! Seriously a lot of modern doctor’s offices do this now, highly recommend. Oh yes, it very well can be. I’m horrible with names and one time I forgot a really good friend's name in the middle of talking to her.  The worst part is we had the exact same name. 🙄 My favorite is when people are like “Why did you lose ___”  like I planned for that I asked them to keep a card on file before and they refused so that sucked  yeah, that was stupid. after of course, a much better ending would be "of course i took her out for a beach breakfast by way of apology and we both enjoyed surfing." Oh god I'm literally crying with laughter I'm so sorry  Nice. Showing always packs more of a punch than telling.  I couldn't remember my bank PIN all of a sudden the other day. It's a strange feeling being so smart and so derp all at the same time. I read this book - “The Memory Book” - by David Lorayne and some other guy, t goes through mnemonic memorization techniques for every possible scenario. My memory for some things (like padlock codes or bank PINs has always been terrible). 

The technique for memorizing numbers involves associating each digit to a consonant, then forming a word or chain of words from the resulting phonetic consonants, where you just plug in vowels in between. 

So for example, if for whatever reason my safe has a 9 digit code: 312792530. That corresponds to M-T-N-K-P-N-L-M-S. If I try to associate that to words, it could be “mitten”, “cap’n”, and “lambs”.

The last step is to connect everything in an absurd series of images. I imagine the safe waving to me with huge cooking mittens on before it gets snatched by a pirate captain who also happens to be a lamb.

The next time you need to remember the code, you’ll remember the image first, then use that to figure out the numbers again.

It sounds like a lot of work, but with enough practice it becomes super intuitive & satisfying. I never forget my PINs anymore. I have to carry a little wallet with me when I go to the gym that has my padlock combination in and that I put my wedding rings in. I zip it into the secret picket in my waistband and forget every time  86753 oh niiiieeeiine! Now it's such in my head. And yours. Conversation yesterday

"Wait, what was that guy's name?  Warframe dude, based on a french engineer.....I think his name starts with a B"

".....you mean Vauban?"

"Yes, him!  Well, V/B.....close enough?"

"....not really but sure" Seriously. Why do I suddenly forget numbers that I have used hundreds of times, on a daily basis?

Zip codes are the worst for me. It takes me years to remember when I move. I went on a road trip and couldn't remember the PIN for my debit card. I messed it up so many times in a row that my account was locked. I was out of town and use a semi-local bank. I had to call them, and they issued me a new temporary PIN over the phone (highly abnormal) that I had to use on one of THEIR ATMs (luckily I was still near the service area, though I was about 4 hours from home).  'Is it right left right? left right left?? I've done this so many times why don't I remember!' 5395iiiive!
Jeeeenny is stuck in my head...


Edit: got the damn numbers wrong too.  I take pictures of numbered spots, use Google Keep like a mofo (vague lists of numbers abound with references that I will remember) and generally use technology as a huge crutch.   


I sorta also learned how to pick locks because of forgetting my home keys one too many times... I forgot my work phone’s unlock code after I’ve used it daily for 6 months. And luckily for me it’s an iPhone with the “iPhone disabled for X minutes”. Someone said “oh they can just unlock it for you at IT” and I was like “uh.... even the FBI took 6 months to figure that one out.”

Then I remembered it like an hour later luckily. Mine is some combination of 2 12 and 24, I don't currently remember which order. I just remember 2 x 12 = 24 lol I had to get a word padlock (letters instead of numbers) for this exact reason. 😂 I still get stuck on which combo I have set but at least it’s less abstract Haha, I call this 'the human tornado'. Things don't necessarily even have to be messy, but for some reason everything in my life is everywhere except where it's supposed to be, and when I go to retrieve or do something I just end up forgetting something else and further spreading the chaos. 

It's extremely frustrating.  I had to turn around to check if i closed the garage a few times now because by the time i get to the street out of our apt complex i forget if i did. Now I text myself that garage is closed when i sit there waiting for it to completely shut. That way I will always know. wasn't there a video about adhd showcasing exactly this routine? I’ve jumped cars a few times before. Didn’t stop me from cross-jumping a car a few months ago to the tune of 1000$. That’s why I always look up which lead goes where even if I think I know.  The gym is definitely the place where my adhd forgetfulness most blatantly comes into fruition.   Easier said than done.  I’m on wellbutrin to quit smoking and withdrawal still feels awful.  Nicotine works well for ADHD, unfortunately, and before I found out about my childhood dx I was self-medicating with cigarettes, vaping, cocaine, etc.  Untreated ADHD is really terrible. I can’t keep more than two digits in my head at once. Unless my brain latches on to one and then it repeats at random intervals for the next 50 years.  Yea when I worked fast food (Sonic), I'd read back the totals which would say $2.87. I'd say "okay your total is 8.27 please drive around" or "your  total is 2.78 we'll have your order out in just a minute" and they'd understandably be super confused before or after reading the correct total, depending on what they ordered. I'd blame it on the fictional other girl, when quite often I was the only one there. Fun times I think it's a city thing where the grocery store isn't actually on the ground floor "socially accepted" 
People don't tell me it's a fake disorder when I tell them it's mild dementia.  Lol I got in trouble for that at 18 working for an office full of middle aged women all named variations of Karen Kathryn Kathleen and Debbie. Another bonus is connecting things in weird ways that others tend not to understand at first. Also brain cartoons. I love brain cartoons.  If you forget to return their calls, you'll become eligible for the ADHDer of the year award! I once (okay probably more than once) answered an essay question asking something like “Write about how the theme of [blue curtains] in Chapter 11 relates to the overall theme of [somesuchthing] in everyday life” or some other similarly vague essay prompt. It wasn’t until I moved on to the next section that I noticed each section had a header with the title of the book that the section questions were about. Cue my sudden clarity on why the question made no sense with regard to the book I *thought* it was asking about, but tried to shoehorn some BS in anyway. I had a lot of eraser crumbs that day.  This subreddit has saved me on things like this too many times to count.  I hate when there's an interruption in billpaying schedules. I am sure to completely forget that bill. 😥 I managed to make it out of high school without too many issues. If you are in college, talk to a counselor. They can help diagnose you and refer you to a doc for the prescriptions, if warranted. I keep a buffer of almost 30 short term adderall that I haven't taken in the past specifically  because I forget to refill my medication I bet it’s gonna suck  Sometimes it’s so nice not to have to carry around a purse! I also try to find clothing (pants and shorts) that actually have large pockets to avoid my purse. Luckily my clothing style is more outdoorsy (like Eddie Bauer) so the pockets are nice.  You can make photocopies of them! I think it’s for the best for your own security :/ don’t want someone else walking around knowing your birthdate and all that! I am! I’ve gone through periods of pretending to be an extrovert and oh boy does that impact how big a charge my social battery can hold. 

I tend to have the same inability to start a conversation or seeing a friend (flaking) than I do with work I need to do for example. It’s happening now much more than before :/ 

Makes me wonder if it’d be easier to have friendships if they were more convenient/pushy.  “Don’t talk to me that way, me!” What! I’m sorry. Well then when this happened I hope you got to at least have an “I told you so” moment.  i hate the beach :( (she also knew it) It also allows the therapist (or other person in general) to see what you're doing through their own lens, not just how you described it. They may notice things or implications that surprise you. I used to forget my locker combination in high school several times a year. The look the school secretary gave me when I ask again 3/4 of the way through the school year made me realize it was not a common problem for other students. Still wasn’t diagnosed until college.  I call animal control for roadkill and similar instances I find, usually while I'm driving to work so I get the machine and leave a message. Twice now I've forgotten my own phone number while leaving the message. I hope it's the same person who listens to those messages and just laughs at me. I work with multimedia editing software every day but still have to rewatch old tutorials on how to do certain things that I've done many times before. I'm constantly having to relearn everything it feels like. It's only if I've had to repeat something hundreds of times that it seems to stick... but even then I'll still go blank sometimes. Honestly I'm surprised I haven't forgotten my own name yet.  That awkward moment when somebody asks for your phone number and you're like "515-446-8....five?" Dude I did the *exact* fucking thing with my cellphone a few months ago - I kept typing the same wrong pin in for an entire day before I ended up getting locked out. I thought something got fucked up after a software update and just had the guy at the AT&T store reset it for me. As I set the PIN I suddenly realized that I had been typing it in slightly wrong(it was a number related to something specific in my life, and I was using *another* number related to something *else* specific in my life). Didn't mention it at all to the guy, but man I felt like an idiot walking out of there.  Oh man! This is exactly how I feel. I’m an incredibly smart person and even have a great long term memory, but I’m always doing stupid things! Posted the other day how I’ve lost two passports in less than a year of each other and I’ve also lost my insurance card.  So I was marching drum corps about 15 years ago and spontaneously forgot an exercise that I had played at least 100 times per day, every day, for 6 months. Like completely forgot, no recollection. Pulled out the music, it was like sight reading.

ADHD....  Had an awkward presentation where I needed to enter my password to get some code to run. Had never, ever forgotten it before, but hell if I could remember it in front of an audience. Wish I had the “smart” part lol I’m just a total derp lol Happened to me too. My mom thought I was losing my mind.  Aaaaahh how dare you!! The keys are literally next to each other so very close. Yo for real.  Some people never forget a phone number or birthday, and I’m just like “how old am I again?” allllways take a picture of where I parked if I'm in a parking ramp somewhere.  It’s even worse when someone else puts it away. Like I have list of regular places where I check for things like my car keys. Except when my husband puts them away (where they go) and I spend 20-30 minutes searching everywhere for them until he says he put them away.  My husband referred to me as a tornado and hurricane in one. I feel that’s pretty accurate.  I work with kids and they have songs for everything so I made a stupid song to the tune of "if you're happy and you know it, clap your hands" it goes "are the keys in your bag? Yes they are". It's so silly that it gets stuck in my head all day so I know I didn't lock my keys in my car like I did a few weeks ago. I had set them in the cup holder as a "I'll remember to grab these when I get out". I did not. Yeah. Caffeine and candy are my vices. The struggle is real. I believe in you. Legitimate question- "Nicotine works well for ADHD" How and what? I've never heard that so I'm curious.   

Nicotine is one of the most difficult drugs to quit scientifically, according to one of my addiction counselors. But we can do anything we set our minds to, I believe, even though it might take a lot of time and work. And luck and patience. Good luck, I'm not there yet. I remember seeing them around the 90's in Ontario.  I think they are a thing of the past though. Watch out what you say about middle aged women... There are more of them on Reddit than you might think 😜 Fear not the non sequitur.   Perfect!! Nailed it! Yes it’s totally ok, I am an extrovert but most of my immediate family are introverts and I have dated and attracted a lot of introvert friends in my life. It took me YEARS to understand that your brain/needs are just different and that I shouldn’t take it personally. I think it’s just a matter of recognizing it and communicating it to people who you like but don’t know you yet and then maybe even setting reminders or something  if you feel like it just to make sure you don’t lose touch. But I think letting them know this information is helpful (especially for folks your age) because I know when I was younger I would be super self-conscious about reaching out to new friends or about texting them too often and this way they’ll know it’s ok to push a little more and you’ll say no or ignore them when you need to ;)  maybe she forgot, what a moron, who forgets stuff Absolutely, it's the sign of a good therapist that they pick these things up. I got sent a written report after my second session and the subtlety and detail of what the two docs I saw had noticed was incredible and so accurate, not only about what I'd reported but about my mannerisms, posture, etc. I know we Brits can be a bit evangelical about the NHS but sums things really make you grateful, and it feels extraordinary to be getting this level of service (plus the medication) for free. My god. For at least 15 years after high school, I'd regularly have dreams that I was back in high school, at my locker and couldn't for the life of me remember the combination. How did you go about getting diagnosed in college? I have a lot of the symptoms I see here however in college I just tried to power through until it was too much and I had to drop out  I honestly forgot it almost every day and had to ask the secretary all the time. Eventually she would just tell me what it was as soon as I walked in without me even asking 😂 That's part of the reason I just started carrying all my books with me all the time. Then I didn't need a locker. Can't forget to bring your book to class if you have all your books with you always

( ͡ᵔ ͜ʖ ͡ᵔ ) I forgot so often, I wrote it on the side of the doorjamb of the nearest classroom. had the same problem. learned to pick it (we had the "override" key in the middle of the combo dial). at the end of the year i hadnt opened it via combination for like 3 months I sometimes have to do math when someone asks how old I am. Back before cell phones, whenever I moved, I'd beg them give me other options for a new phone number until they offered one that was easy to remember. Yes! Things that are actually where they're supposed to be tend to be difficult for me to find. That and things that are right infront of my face. I really can't explain that one, my brain literally will just 'cancel' things out I guess. Lol. i am so paranoid. i always do a spot check that i have my keys before i close the trunk or the doors.  Thanks homie!  Seeing both types of psychs next week I’m ready for my best life [deleted] Idk about Ontario or the rest of the world, but they still have it at the 2nd-floor grocery store in the city near me. Maybe they are doing out, but I'd almost expect there to be more of them now with rising obesity I'm quickly turning into one lol.

Turns out I have ADD and although I didn't get diagnosed until 30 because I waited until I was super depressed and just couldn't focus enough to clean my house, it's shit like not being able to remember names no matter what except for randomly sometimes that actually impacted my life heavily lol uhm no, thats me.  I’ve been out of college for 8 years, and regularly dream that I’ve completely forgotten about a class. Like entirely. Never went to a single one.  Went through an entire year of gym, last day comes around to turn in the locks. I can't give it in because I don't know the combo. I never wrote it down and I used it every other day for the whole year, but that day I just couldn't remember it.

Left the locker room for a while cleared my head, went back in, set it to zero, closed my eyes and just let muscle memory open it. I'm still amazed. Gotta rig that sucker:

Fold up a piece of paper really small.
Put in your locker combo.
Open the locker. *but* keep holding the lever up.
Shove folded paper into the mechanism inside of the locker enough so that the latch will catch but not lock.

Boom. Locker stays shut and latched... but *barely*.

Just pull up on the lever each time and it opens without the combo being entered. I used to have nightmares about forgetting which locker was mine. I’ve finally stopped just recently, but they went on for a good 10 years after graduating.  Not OP, but can answer from personal experience. Recognized some issues that were persisting and began to slip into depression. Couldn’t explain why I just couldn’t do what I knew I needed to do to be successful, not matter how hard I tried, so I sought the help of a psychologist. She diagnosed me within our first session and referred me to a psychiatrist for medication and it was literally life-changing for me.

I’d been diagnosed with depression while being an underperformer/underachiever throughout junior high and beyond and it had always been chalked up to clinical depression and bipolar II. Not sure if applicable to you, but women exhibit different symptoms, so it often goes misdiagnosed in girls and women.

TL;DR- talk to a psychologist or a psychiatrist and get assessed.  Yeah I dropped out a few times from different colleges before I was diagnosed. I was struggling in my required math class, talked with the school disability services and they had me tested for dyscalculia. I also began going to vocational rehabilitation. 

The psychiatrist told me I had ADHD at our first meeting. I was never EVER hyper, so I thought he was crazy. 
Still, I did the dyscalculia testing along with other psych tests and IQ tests and even more tests and evaluation for ADHD. It was crystal clear on every test that I had ADHD. I honestly never would have imagined. Then I took the meds!!! 
It truly was like being half blind and putting on glasses the first time. 

The best part is - the (catholic) college let me take Old Testament instead of Algebra 2 for my degree requirement. 

 I dropped out as well but I enrolled again this semester after getting treatment (Vyvanse). College has so far been a comparative walk in the freaking park this time around! I still need coping mechanisms to get anything done, but now I can actually effectively use them. I hated being a dropout, I feel incredible now :)  I tried that for a while, but there were always handouts or supplements or whatever and I still wouldn't have what I was supposed too. I had my own age wrong for half a year :( Someone asked me the other day how old I am and I’m like “oh I’m 34, i’ll be 35 in October” My husband was with me and he’s like “hun, you’re gong to be 34 this year”. 😂  We were both born in 84. Like I forget how old I am, and in turn make myself older.  I nearly always do anymore but I used to do it pretty frequently. It wasnt an issue when my dad was a county cop and was either able to help or get a friend to help me. He's been retired and I moved out of the area about 7 and 2 years respectively so I've lost that privilege :/ I've only locked my keys in my vehicle twice since then. Once I was able to get the school resource officer where I work and the other time a county officer was able to help. So I've never had to pay for the help (thank god!) but I dread the day it happens! How'd it go? Ok I see where you're coming with the dopamine concept. Eh I'll get bored and take a look at it thanks for the reply:) I know. It happened to me again this morning... got to ride in an elevator up to a meeting with people I see every four months, and I asked the lady I was riding with if we knew each other and she said 'Of course, we're on the board together!'. I just hid behind my usual 'I'm so sorry, I do have issues with my memory', to which I always feel people think is bullshit. I hate these moments... I've been out of college about so long! My dreams keep sending me back to high school. Like, to do over entirely.  I only have one recurring stress dress and it’s always me wandering a campus, looking for a class, only to realize I’ve already missed half a semester.  I’ve been out for 4 years and same thing. And it’s a required class and I’m not going to graduate... (My diploma is currently hanging over my desk too) I realized the other day I couldn't remember my computer password if I wasn't sitting at my computer. I gave it to someone else to unlock my computer, and it was wrong, twice, until I sat down and did it myself. Yeah, I didn't give them the right now. Muscle memory and context. Wow.  This. This was my life. Although I used one of those Bic lids that was like tapered, not the OG Bic lids. You described my work locker😂😂  It also doesn’t help that us women are more likely to have symptoms start showing up around or after puberty. Looking back now, I started having the lack of attention in junior year of high school, but I had other outlets to get rid of my frustrations with not being able to focus like being on the tennis team and in jazz band. It honestly wasn’t a real issue until I went back to college. I took like 10 gap years. lol. First year back at school was good, then the hardcore ADD kicked in because I also work full time, and am married and have 2 pet rabbits, so along came the lack of focus, crazy forgetfulness, and just always running late. I’m about to turn 34 and I was just diagnosed not even 6 months ago. I’ve been in CBT therapy for a month and along with medication I can honestly say, that I am legit happier. I still have my off days, in fact just had one on Tuesday during my chem exam, but overall I feel more confident. I’m sure it’s a little of Adderall but CBT therapy has been amazing.  This was exactly my previous diagnosis. Anti depressants sent my anxiety through the roof and (obviously) did nothing for my depression or poor scholastic performance. Treating my adhd, on the other hand, has changed all of that for me. I have another condition that still makes things hard for me, but at least things are doable now and I'm not paralyzed into being the burn out I used to be.  Same! Adderall has made school fun again, not stressful because of lack of attention/forgetting to do homework/procrastinating to point of not doing anything. I failed 2 semesters in a row. Took the spring and summer off to find out what the hell was wrong. Got diagnosed, medicated and asked my dr to refer me for CBT therapy. I can honestly say I love going to school. So while other people are complaining I am actually enjoying the challenge again of learning something complicated. CBT has helped me learn to keep the negative voice quiet and not let it win when it rears it’s ugly head.  I turned 25 three times. Math wrong the first time, actually my age the second, and forgotten I’d already had it by the third year.  My moms the one that needz the unlocking. She would leave the car running while shopping then need me to come down with a spare. Really well, thanks for asking!  I got my second diagnosis from the psychiatrist and am finally medicated specifically for ADHD, and my counselor (who lives with unmedicated ADHD) wants to help me build structure and habits to get my life together.  He’s one of the leading ADHD counselors in my state and knows better than anyone the pitfalls of an untreated disorder since he’s had to manage decades without stimulants—they put him to sleep!

Really a good fit!  I’m extremely lucky to have the support I do!  Thanks again for checking up! What a nightmare  Same. Although anti depressants didn't make me that anxious just sent me into suicidal spirals and into the hospital again and again and again. You think after the 6th time of crying cause I felt better off them but still wasn't working right someone would have looked into things more. Kicked out for grades. _Twice._ Didn't change until someone mentioned it off hand. Forgot to apply for ADHD testing.

Bringing all my old paperwork to GP and the about 4th shrink and it's on there like go fucking get tested.  Asked GP if she through I was. She was like well no shit Sherlock but clinically? Not sure, not my department. Given meds with promise to be back in a week as there's a chance if depression / gad this will fuck me over.

_Things are so much better_. I'm not rich, and I haven't been given a degree for just feeling better but I am making progress. Things are still borderline a struggle, but I'm not raising my amount until I see what coping skills can do but for once I feel like there's hope. And just. Fuck. I hate anti depressants and I hate how everything is stop being sad and you'll feel better.  Oh no! I'm honestly surprised I haven't done this tbh. I did leave mine on while getting gas once though... didn't notice until I went to start it and couldn't find the keys, then I realized the music was still playing! That's good. Having a counselor will really help! I'm glad you got the help you deserve. Right on. Don't be afraid of increasing your dose, you can always decrease it if it's not right for you and no amount of meds is going to magically replace the coping skills you'll need to be successful. A diabetic doesn't take half their prescribed dose of insulin and try to make up for the other half with diet and exercise. If they want to be healthy, they do both!  Thank you. It's more of a mild worry as I've never really been able to use various coping skills consistently. Figured since I can now I'll stay on a medium-low dose while I try using them and set up the various appointments and support people and structures. If things don't progress with help then yeah, I will.

But considering how fucking amazingly different I feel and that 90% of my issue not starting or focus but 'oh right things need to be done on a consistent and progressively improving schedule' I think my meds are fine. The backlog of adulting to do sucks though.  