Today I fucked up by taking my Vyvanse. Did I take my pill?

Yeah I took my pill.

I mean wait, I did take my pill, right?

Pretty sure I took my pill.

Well, maybe I took my pill.

That I said I could have put it down somewhere.

No, I know I took my pill because I remember I was in the bathroom, I grabbed it out of the bottle and put it in my hand...

But then I walked back into my room...

I set it down somewhere?

Not by my water, or my ramen...

I did take my pill? 

I don't think I took my pill. 

Where did I put my pill?

Frix, I don't know where it is, I'll just grab another one need to clean my room  anyway.

Two and wenty minutes later...

OH SHIT I DEFINITELY TOOK TWO PILLS


GUESS I'M BEING MOTHERFUKING PRODUCTIVE TODAY!!!

ADHD-TLDR: TWICE. this is why I started putting my meds in a pill box (I take 2 different strengths of concerta)


...of course then I have to remember to fill the pill box :/ This always happens to me!  
  
I am on the max dose too, but split out as a 40mg and then a 30mg pill. Sometimes I take the 40, then forget so I take another 40, then I take the 30 and later on I have a moment of sweaty, anxiety induced clarity and realise I actually took 110mg all day :( Did that once with 2 20mg IRs and ended up in the ER Keep a sharpie by your pill bottle. When you take your pill, dot your fingertip with the marker. Easier than deciding to organize your pills, only to stop doing it three weeks later. I bought one of those pill-a-day calendar boxes cause I had anxiety about either taking a double dose, or missing a dose. On the weekends I put a pill in each box, then in the morning when I go to take my pill for work I just take whatever is there for that day. If it's empty I've already taken that days dose. It's helped me out a bunch and was fairly cheep.

Not the same, but similar to mine:
[Amazon link](Ezy Dose Weekly (7-day) Classic Pill Planner (Medium) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B001F5PHNY/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_553VBbE6Y4CR3) I have a timer cap for my prescription bottle. Each time you take the lid off the bottle the timer resets so you know the last time you opened it. No more mystery. Doesn't help if I accidentally leave the house without taking my meds, but at least I don't take 2 by mistake.

I have this one: [https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00HJD7RGQ](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00HJD7RGQ) . One problem: The lid does not fit on the prescription bottle my pills come in. Solution: I transfer my pills to the bottle that came with the cap and carefully peel off the prescription label and stick it on the timer bottle (so I know when to call my doc for a refill and for legal reasons). I do this pretty frequently. My answer to it is to count the number of pills in my bottle and figure out how many should be left if I took it that day by knowing when the bottle was filled. If the numbers agree, I feel safe in knowing I took it. Otherwise, I take one. [deleted] Nice one. One Time i Took My pills with Water and My pills fell Into The 2 liter Pepsi  bottle, so i had to drink The almost full bottle of Pepsi at The bus stop. Damn The one big burp i had at class
.
 Lol I’ve made this mistake a couple of times. I’m no scientist, but I’m almost positive that I was able to slow time. I'm so happy that someone else knows how this feels!!  I've done this so many times! You've just found a hole in your process prosthesis.

I solved this by both using a weekly pill box, and by tightening up my "only handle it once" policy around my pill box. when the pill comes out of the box it goes straight into the mouth, not into the hand while i get water, I bring the water to the pill box. Any other way leads to me experiencing what you experienced today.


The more you build and enforce these processes, the easier it is to build and reinforce them elsewhere. I've done that before, and felt like I was gonna have a panic attack that day. I'm prescribed Vyvanse 70mg and 10mg Immediate-Release Dextroamphetamine Tablets. Tbh, I should get myself a pill box sometime. I have to make a habit out of it. I leave it in my truck and I always put one in my pocket on my way into the office in the morning. I take it as soon as i get to my desk. 

This sometimes screws me on the weekends but it's most important to take it on-time during the work week for me. This right here is my life!  Ive done this....Hello insomnia! STORY. OF. MY. LIFE.  Had a similar conversation in the car with myself this morning and debating if I could feel it or not.  10mins later I could feel it and knew I had taken it.   Have fun with that. Don't die from the headache. Doesn’t more just make you feel nauseous? I take 50mg every morning and it keeps me focused until like 3pm.  The way I kinda got over always forgetting where I put my stuff is by reconstructing every step I took, for example I’ll reenter the room and try to mimic everything I did, works about 70% of the time, the other 30% of the time I spend being agitated and frustrated My problem is I travel for work so I can’t do a pill case for my vyvanse and adderall scripts. I do it for everything else I take but I still have to keep my pills in their bottle for legal purposes. It’s been a dart board in the dark for me but I need to find a way to remember to take them and to remember that I have taken them on time.  You might want to try a timer-cap for your pill bottle.

Amazon: https://smile.amazon.com/Medicine-Bottle-Add-Timer-medication/dp/B01L9NZ66Y

You can probably find them at various drug stores. I have to use a weekly medication organizer/dispenser... [this kind of thing ](https://www.amazon.ca/Pill-Dispensers-Reminders/b?ie=UTF8&node=6370885011). Because otherwise that is me every day. Now it’s as simple as “it’s Monday is there a pill in the Monday compartment”. But they sell those at the dollar store, and it is easier than dumping out a bottle every day and counting.  I hear you! I had to put mine into a little weekly pill divider, because I would frequently do exactly what you did. It’s small, I fill it once a week and there isn’t any more confusion. It’s helped me organize my mornings.  Don't feel bad. I misplaced my car key and my phone after having both in my hand in the car before going back into the house to get another item I had forgotten. It's been a bad week for me. Before you take your pill write down the day and time you took it so you can prevent this from happening . Happens to me all the time.  Been there done that. Now I make sure the first thing I do when I wake up is take my pill, otherwise I will forget and then forget again and take it twice. Yowza! Then I have to take a Lorazepam to calm down. I wear a retainer at night. My routine is always (1) take my Concerta, (2) take out my retainer. I’m in the medical field and we always recommend you put your pills by something you habitually do every morning (toothbrush, coffee pot, etc) because it makes it much easier to remember. Idk what dose of Vyvanse you’re on but regardless it’s not a medication I’d like to accidentally double dose!  I hate that. If in doubt I don't take it. Last time I took higher doses I was seeing bright spots in my vision and thought I was having a stroke or something. No thanks.

I try to use a week pill box otherwise I good up frequently.  Of course motivating myself to fill the pill box can be tough expecially when going on travel and not unpacking the box. Now I have two of them.

It's all about optimizing around my deficiencies I suppose. There’s some great advice in this thread, and to add just one more bit: I use [Round](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/round-health/id1059591124?mt=8)  to track all of my meds. It tells me when to take them, I tap a notification when I take it, and then I can check if I’ve forgotten. Haven’t missed or doubled a dose in ages! Dude you could have counted your pills and found out if you took it or not.

Total #of pills - days on vyv since refil = how many pills should be left => compare to pill count.

Its gonna be a bitch going to bed LOL I use several of the 4x/day pill boxes, and put the entire bottle into them when i come home from the pharmacy. That was it's part of the "refill the prescription" routine, and not an additional weekly/monthly task.

it's part of my "aggressively only handle it once" strategy. Same here.

I actually have two pill boxes. One in the bathroom with the pills that don't require food, and one in the kitchen next to the breakfast food with the pills that do require food.

Typically I take the bathroom ones right when I get up, then the kitchen ones with breakfast (for best results, taken mid-meal). If I forget the bathroom ones, taking the breakfast ones usually reminds me to go back and take the bathroom ones.

Both pill counters start on Sunday, but Sunday morning I'm always in a rush to get myself and kids out the door to church, so refilling then makes me even later. I've started doing it Monday night / Tuesday morning and just having Sun + Mon sit full for most of the week. Is that how I can tell I have adhd? Put pills in pill organizer and than forget to take them? Hahaha, I relate to this so hard. I bought a cheap-o smart watch to remind me to take my pill. Kept forgetting to charge the battery.  Started doing that about 8 months back - it has massively improved the regularity with which I take my pills.  It seems that I can handle the once a week refill, at least so far... Yeah pill box for the week helps me so much

&#x200B; Okay, I use a 4x/day pill box and fill it for the month. That way you only have to fill it once a month VS every week. This is why I get my meds in weekly blister packs. They’re split each day into: morning, lunch, afternoon, and night-time. Super useful and I never have that “did I take them?” Moment.  I once thought my Vyvanse is 30mg, I doubled it on finals week. I forgot my Vyvanse is 60mg. So yeah, 120mg of Vyvanse surging in my body for three days until I discovered it. Oops. However, I don't feel any negative effect of it in 120mg dosage. How does the max dose work for you usually? Do you feel like it helps?" Does your insurance give you any problems with this & do you live in the US? My insurance has a rule of 30 pills/month for a more expensive brand name prescription like Vyvanse.  Ooof!  What? Maybe your anxiety got the best of you. Heart palpitations are scary though. What did they do for you out of curiosity? 
I metabolize really quickly though for a petite lady. 15mg IR adderal in AM w/ 30mg XR Adderal 2-3x day about and 36mg Ritalin XR the evening and some time another 10mg before bed.  Super good idea!  Holy shit this exists? That's dope. Ain't nobody got time for dat! That wouldn’t work for me because I forget to take my afternoon dose more often than not...  lol This is why I love the internet!  I think I’d like putting a sticker on my calendar.  Brilliant.  I had to adopt that policy. I've only forgotten about taking a pill once and figured it out by counting the remaining pills. But I think I lost one by putting it on my lap while driving and forgetting about it when I got out of the car to go to class (you're welcome, college kids! lol...but seriously, that is really bad). Then I had some crazy magic trick thing going on where I thought I set a 10mg XR in the passenger seat, and when I dug under my stuff to find it, I came up with a 20mg XR. So now pills go straight from bottle to mouth and I bring the whole bottle with me if I want to wait a while to take it. 70mgs AND WHATEVER THAT SECOND ONE IS!!! Wow, I'm on 40mgs and it seems to be the sweet spot. I can augment it with caffeine if I wish to ramp it up some without any negative impact. The caffeine helps it kick 8n a little faster too.

I self medicated with caffeine well into adulthood, never knew I was ADHD. Actually no, I've never had any problems with taking more. That said I've only accidentally double dosed twice now. I'm on 40mg and it seems to be the sweet spot for me, not too much not too little, it lasts me the entire workday (which is great because my work day is a 10 hour shift at least) and if need be I can get it to come on faster by drinking anything with caffeine and I can program prolong it or heighten its effects with more caffeine without any negative impact. Yeah I'm usually pretty good about that, but I was tired as shit, had just gotten off work (I work nights) and I was intending to take my Vyvanse and then a quick nap so I could switch back to days for my 3 day weekend, between ADHD biting my ass again and just plain Jane fatigue I couldn't remember even with retracing. Can you not put the pills in the pill case as needed for the week but still bring the bottles with you? Do you really get a Vyvanse script and an Adderall script?  I can't get my pdoc to prescribe anything over 40 MG and I've been on Adderall XR for close to 20 years.  That's amazing how lenient some of the doctors are throughout the world. I do the same, except I found it was difficult to actually repeat weekly.. So I'm up to 8 of them now. When i get home from the pharmacy, ALL the pills go into the pill organizers one time. part of the script refill ritual for me now.

Yeah it's a little excessive, but this disorder is an absolute bugger in the "most of the time" space.  Aw sorry to hear that bud, I just spent an hour and a half looking for my GoPro that I had put back in it's protective case, go figure. I searched high and low but never where it belonged because of course it couldn't be there except it was... Doh! Your ideas (and their names) are good and you should feel good. Ohhhh. I like that idea! Ohh this is good! I pour half my meds in my pill box and keep half in my purse. That way it is very difficult to forgot my pills and if I do, I have them on me in my purse. This helps me take my meds more often (Though I still miss several doses a week) Before I did this, I would literally go an entire week before remembering my meds 🙃 

Also there are now random pills in random places in the house where I set them down because I typically eat before taking them and my husband gives me crap all the time about finding random pills in my coat pockets, on the counters, in the bathroom, etc lol

The bright side is with pills all over the house it helps me remember to take them better sadly haha Reduce the number of operations, even if each operation is really expensive(in terms of time and effort). This is a fantastic strategy and my brain likes it. The pills may be organized, but we're not lol. I recently started wearing a watch again. Now I just have to learn to look at it. Frequently. ooh that’s a good idea!! i’ll have to give that a go 😊 you can take that a step further with a few of those 4x's and just put the whole bottle in them when you get home from the pharmacy. then it's just part of the script refill process and not a separate weekly/monthly task. What? You're telling me that more than just birth control can come in those things? That's awesome!  Yeah I don't either really other than being more sweaty and a bit more mentally tired by the end of the day. There must be some additional stress on your heart but it never seems to feel any different!  Your organs definitely felt negative effects though.  Yes and no. 
   
Yes in that it's better than no medication, and it's better than ritalin/concerta because that gave me super bad anxiety, and it's better than a lower dose of vyvanse because it lasts longer.  
   
No in that it still only seems to last me until 2 in the afternoon despite me taking it 9am. And no because it doesn't get rid of all my ADHD symptoms, but I guess no medication is a magic cure! :( I live in the UK so it's free on the NHS (well, 8 quid a month for the prescription), sorry I can't help :( That's what they call neurotoxicity! Wtf you take 6 pills in a day? Am I reading that correctly? That's a lot of medication, no? It's better than overdosing! It doesnt take long. And just make a little tally on the cap for days where you know you didn't take it. To each their own, then! I know an Etsy seller that sells die-cut pill stickers and will do custom colors Not legally. It’s a controlled substance and while most cops might chew you out, you can get in trouble. I just take my rx pill bottle with me. Even if you get pulled over for just speeding and the cop ends up searching your car, having them in a daily pill box can get you in trouble.  I tried, TSA and the police officer at the airport told me the pills had to be in the bottle with the script on there. Who knows if they were just being particular 🤷🏼‍♀️

When I’m home for longer, I do put everything in the case but it’s hard to get in that habit when I’m traveling. Working on it for sure though.  It’s a fast release Adderall for when I forget to take my Vyvanse, I definitely prefer the Vynavse though but yeah, she’s got me on the 60mg Vyvanse.  Lol I resort to telling my fiancee when I'm pissed off about losing something that I'll probably find it lodged in my teeth in the sandwich I'll eat later. Fucking ADD man When you first hear about "only handle it once" you think "huh, thats a smart plan, i should do that" but the more you try to do it, and the more you think about all the edge cases where it isn't practical and you have to make exceptions, the more you realize you have to take a VERY aggressive stance, and allow it to majorly impact your processes, or it's just a nice idea that won't be used reliably. 

It pisses people off, but if I make exceptions in situation A, then situation B starts to slack. Example: when I get to band rehearsal, I unpack my guitar/amp, set it all up, and switch it to on/standby.. it takes about 15 minutes. the guys all want to crack a beer and bullshit, and they give me a hard time. "lets get a taco and brew and chill first".. nope.. it'll be hours before i get setup if i don't do it first thing as part of my "arrival" routine. 
 Step by step we build our habits. Wearing a watch and training myself to look at it continually was how I got myself started on time management. Yeah, mine kind of look like [this](https://goo.gl/images/pTnsAL). I have morning, lunch and bedtime meds, so it’s very convenient. 
Edit: Just ask at the pharmacy next time, I’m sure they’ll have something like it.  Yep! It's free or cheap most places too.

I can confirm Shoppers in Canada does it and I THINK Costco in the US does. Thanks for the speedy reply! Maybe one day my country will get it's act together and have a similar universal health care system. I have what is considered good health insurance and my 30 pill prescription (dosage mg has no role in price) is three times what you pay. I CAN SEE SOUNDS Normally 4 adderal and 1 Ritalin  Of course!  I was just putting that out there because I know I’m not alone. Keep up the good fight, dude.  That’s even funner! (Yeah, I’m fully aware that’s not a real word) I keep my paperwork that comes with the prescription on hand. I wonder if they make a pill box small enough to fit in a big bottle? Love this. I’ve recently started doing this when I get home. EVERYTHING must be taken care of before I can sit down. Dirty lunch Tupperware rinsed and in dishwasher, clean coffeemaker, etc. everything must go in its place. 
It’s actually made a huge difference in my bedtime routine. Getting shit done as soooooon as I walk in the door leaves less to do (and fewer things to procrastinate) when I go to bed or try to procrastinate going to bed.  I’ll even brush my teeth early in the evening while I’m on a roll.  40mg landed you in the ER? Sorry I didn't mean to be so forward, if it works for you then it works! What? No, that was that other guy. No worries:) It took me a long time to even be open to taking a higher dose.  It has been life changing. When I’m properly medicated I can just start/complete tasks as have conversations effortlessly. Everything isn’t a struggle and I don’t overthink it.  I have a totally opposite reaction when it comes to conversations. When I am unmedicated I tend to just jump in and can talk to people (Once I start). When I am medicated, I tend to become more detached to the people I am having a conversations with and give short answers. That’s so interesting. I find it fascinating how different our reactions are to the same medication. I’m curious. What are your symptoms that you see improvement with when taking medication? Well when I'm unmedicated in class I'll catch myself day dreaming every 5-10 minutes for like minutes at a time. It's really hard to pay attention even when the topic is interesting to me. Also I'll interrupt people during conversations when I'm unmedicated and my roommate and sister get really annoyed at that. Besides that when I am unmedicated and I start an assignment, I won't stick it all the way through. I'll get distracted and find something else to do. Adderall addresses most of these pretty well. Of course actually starting the homework is a little more difficult. What about you? For me it quiets the external noises. I used to get so distracted in class by every noise. Then I would get lost in the lecture and panic and spend the rest of the class catching up. It was a parametric modeling class so being caught up in class was vital. Other that than it quiets the many  thoughts running through my head constantly. Sometimes I would get a book I read to my son stuck in my head and it would seriously be on repeat for days. It felt like torture. Before medication I would have absolutely everything you can think of planned and accounted for. I needed total control and was hyper aware of everything. When I got back on adderal I wasn’t sure how it would affect me 3 years later. I noticed it was working when I went into two grocery stores and did my usual shopping. on the drive home I realized that I just did all that without any anxiety or overthinking. It was seriously life changing.  