I put in toast, forgot I put in toast, smelled toast, thought I was having a stroke. I think I've reached peak ADHD with this.

What are your stupidest forgetfulness stories? Forgot I had a final one time and missed it by 30 minutes. I've completely forgotten to go to work a few times too. If I have a bad day and something just happens to not float into my mind it might as well not exist. 

Less serious and more funny though, I've forgotten to put water in with ramen noodles multiple times and only noticed later when it was burning. I defrosted a frozen bagel in the oven this morning. Took it out at the right time, sliced it, put it back in the over to get all warm and crispy on the inside. Even remembered to take it out before it burned, buttered it and ate it with great joy. 

Completely forgot to turn the over off until I walked into the kitchen and hour later and it's approximately the temperature of lava. I live in an upper flat without A/C. Major mistakes were made.  Sometimes forgetfulness leads to pleasant surprises too. Like feeling thirsty and deciding to get a glass of water only to realize that there's a full one standing next to you. Thank you, past self! I have made so many smoothies for breakfast and left for work with it still on the table 😭 Put waffles in the toaster for breakfast. Forget I put waffles in the toaster. husband finds waffles in the toaster and asks if I forgot my breakfast this morning. I laugh along and shrug because I’m not quite sure how to admit that i actually forgot yesterday’s breakfast.  Started oil to heat for popcorn. Got distracted by my computer game and didn't hear my 3 test kernels pop. Went out to the kitchen and clouds of black smoke were billowing out of the lid.

Being extremely brilliant, I picked up the pot with my right hand and took off the lid with my left, thus feeding oxygen to the fire. Flames shot out nearly to the ceiling. I dropped the pot, which spilled now-flaming oil on the kitchen floor.

Even more brilliantly, forgetting everything I ever knew about fires in my panic, I then threw water from the sink on the fire. As you may have expected, the burning oil floated on top of the water, spreading to a lot more of the kitchen.

It did go out without needing to involve the fire department, but there was a large melted spot in the floor surrounded by a larger black spot. As I was a teenager living at home, you may imagine that my mother was most singularly unimpressed.

(I posted this on r/cooking a while ago, but it's so related I'll post it again here) I found out that my oven is pretty good at converting pizza to charcoal.. only took me about 3 or 4 hours to realize My mom gave me super glue because I needed some. I took off the cap and put it on the table. After I was finished I took the cap and was like „What the hell is this thing?“ and put it back. I gave it back and she asked where the cap is and I said that she gave it to me without a cap. After an argument i searched for it in my room and well, it was the thing on my table. The fact that you put toast in a toaster is also pretty impressive. I can’t remember.  not even that bad, but I have a habit of forgetting I have clothes in the washer.. I'll end up doing the same load 2-3 times.  also I'm very good at breaking into my car 'cause I lock my keys in there quite often.  On the phone to someone while searching my room for my phone she asks what I’m doing and I say “looking for my phone” she says “it’s in your hand” I wonder how she could know that look at the hand that isn’t holding my phone and say “no I’m not” then realise I have my pone pressed against my ear Had to check the username and make sure I didn't write this and forget about it. Had to do the thing. Set alarms on my phone and posted sticky notes around the house to not forget to do the thing. Told myself multiple times ‘don’t forget the thing’ Went upstairs the next morning to do the thing. Got distracted and went to work without having done the thing. I left a jug of milk in the cupboard overnight. My husband left a gallon of milk in the trunk. for a few days. My son didn’t want to wait for help cutting styrofoam and used a sliding glass door like a guillotine and smashed his thumb. It’s fun times at the house of adderall. 


Edit: I just tried to drink coffee while lying down. Wtf. 🙄 Well while reading these comments, the train I was supposed to take to work came and left.  Put popcorn in the microwave and ran real quick to switch clothing from washer to dryer. Got distracted. Popcorn burned (stupid popcorn button being 12 seconds too long. Told boyfriend I think somethings burning somewhere. Start panicking and search in house. Wait! Maybe I'm having a stroke?? But I thought with a stroke you smell burnt toast and this stroke smells like....Oh ya... popcorn.  The other day someone put in toast, realized they forgot toast, ran to save toast, realized they never actually started the toast

Y'all I just don't even eat toast because I would burn it so much Not necessarily the stupidest, but the most salient recent one, from Saturday.

I put rice in water in pot. I put pot on range. I turned on the gas. I used the fire production device to light the gas. Waited for the water to boil so I could cover the rice. Half an hour later, realized that the water wasn't boiling. Turns out that the gas had not turned on. How long did it take to realise and how happy were you when you realised?!?!?!

 I started school 2 weeks ago, and have finished all of my homework on time. For the first time ever. (No meds) Its HVACR school. I work in maintenance right now at a mega resort.

I did forget to put a key back the other day at work, and the morning shift couldn't open one of the Valet doors... Didn't really get in trouble cause my boss likes me. I know exactly where that key is, but the other guys have not found it yet. I could tell them or say look I found it but then they would think I just forgot and took it home with me. lol

  So, last Christmas I've got a "bath kit": soap, cologne, and a sponge. A few weeks later, I threw away my old sponge, and figured I should use the new one. So I went to my wardrobe, took the sponge, put it on my bed, turned to close the wardrobe, and went shower... Without the sponge. I LITERALLY took my eyes off it for 2 seconds and forgot about it Thank you for sharing this. It helps to be able to laugh at the stuff we do, otherwise I might just disintegrate into a pile of mortified dust. On the plus side, I've only found my missing cell phone in the refrigerator once.  had to get up and shower before I left for school for my final and while I was in the shower I even told myself “make sure you hurry up and don’t dilly dally in the shower so you won’t be late” and almost immediately after thinking that to myself I completely forgot and had to run to school to make it on time  There are WAY too many to count. I over paid my Macy’s card on accident and knew I had a credit so I could go shopping. I forgot and paid the card again. Thought oh well I need some new dishes so I’ll just go to Macy’s for them and have a big credit to shop with. 

I forgot and they eventually sent me a check for the credit.  

Oops.  Got a Keurig. I make coffee all the time. Maybe one day I'll get a cup there to catch it. *bro grabs* lol You are now a part of our heritage Lmao *a seizure Found the Canadian 😂  My brother left tomato sauce on the stove all night. I'm surprised the house didn't burn down nor smell like shit by morning  I got in hot water plenty of times as a kid for putting groceries away in the wrong place because I was in my own world. Peanut butter in the freezer, meats in the bread cabinet, that kind of thing. The worst was when my mother left her wallet with the groceries and I stuck it in the outside meat freezer with the turkey. We didn't find it for 2 days. My parents laughed it off (they both have mild add so they understand kinda) but I still feel guilty sometimes for making them worry. Within the first year of buying our home, I turned the water on in the kitchen sink and then went to move the laundry along. Completely forgot about the sink being on and started doing other projects. Had to pay a thousand dollar deductible and our home had to get a heat treatment in the middle of summer for three days, as well as various random replacements for the things I ruined by flooding our home. 😖 Last night I was attempting to be productive by buying housewares before going food shopping.  Except that I put down my housewares while attempting to unlock a shopping cart, and then forgot to pick them up again.  I remembered after I'd entered the store, then panicked and ran out to the cart corral to find that my housewares were gone.

The happy ending is that someone apparently picked them up and brought them into the grocery store and left them with the security guard, so I got them back. Almost went to bed with mini quiches in the oven while watching my little siblings and their friend one weekend. Also much further in the past, I found my phone in the refrigerator.  Yesterday I made a Keurig cup of coffee, minus the cup. That was fun to clean up.  [deleted] I wait for a potential buyer client in front of a condo complex. She arrives, and I show her all the amenities \(pool, club house, etc\) on the way to the unit. Show the unit. Wisely check for my car keys before locking the unit door, and realize I don't have them. Run through the unit, looking in the obvious places, no keys; backtrack through the amenities \(did I use that bathroom in the common area? I  can't remember so I better look in there, too\), no keys; I don't want to hold her up any longer, so I just walk her back to her car; here's my car, not in a parking space, door open, engine running. Lost the client. I cook dinner and then convince myself that I ate it while it sits on the counter cooling. I was having a conversation with an acquaintance at a mall, and got lost in thought.

About fifteen minutes later, I was like? “Oh shit! I think I just walked off without saying goodbye!” I was boiling eggs and I forgot, then I removed them from the heat to harden some more, then I forgot. I'm pretty sure I have super hard boiled eggs.  I put in toast, forgot I put in toast, went back to work, my coworker came over complaining about how some idiot burned toast in the break room... I do things like forgetting deadlines for school, leaving my coffee and lunch at home. The one that still gets me is not remembering if my husband likes white or yellow tortillas. I have to ask before I go to the store, otherwise I buy the wrong one. The other day I totally left the puppy in our pantry. She kept following me in it to hide from my sister and I closed the door without thinking. Then wondered where she was 25 minutes later only to open the pantry and find her just sitting there, no whining or scratching but I felt so bad. I was looking for the milk I had just bought that day. Took a bunch of stuff out of the fridge looking for said milk. Milk was not in the fridge. Milk was in a cupboard because at the time I was also putting  away a cup and got them mixed up. Left 5 prime rib roasts in the oven and went home.  Filled a mop bucket and just left.  Flooding the downstairs level.  Get side tracked easily  Yesterday I went to the pool with some buds. One brought a bluetooth speaker. After failing at trying to drown out another group's stupid\-ass, distracting music with my friend's speaker, I stowed it under my beach chair.

Later my friend texts me about her speaker, asking if I ever gave it back. I freaked out and told her it was at the pool and I was sorry for leaving it and I'd hep her find it.

Next day I find it in my pool bag. F me. I've fixed breakfast and forgotten to eat it for 3 days in a row now. I can't count how many cups of coffee I've forgotten to drink. On the up side, I'm losing weight. Was playing civ and made an egg... Forgot about said egg. Said egg was not edible when I finally remembered Once looked for my keys for 20+ minutes before I could leave for work. Found them in the front door, where I'd left them the night before. I've also mislaid my keys and looked for them everywhere only to find them in the headrest of the recliner right beside the front door. 
 I took a train to the wrong country. 

I was one of those trains that split up in different stations and I got in the wrong compartment. Meant to go from Denmark to the Netherlands. It was an overnight train, and when I woke up I saw hills and snow and knew something was wrong. Good morning München (South Eastern Germany, near the Alps).
 Forgot the date of my one of the closest friends' wedding. I started my Keurig machine without putting my coffee cup under it.  Started to hear a weird splashing noise from the other room and found out I get to play cleanup while already running late for work. *Put in bread I once forgot i dropped out of a class late and when i saw the exam on my timetable shat myself because I thought I had just forgotten i enrolled, so i frantically started downloading all the lecture slides. Got through the first lecture before i remembered dropping out That's the best feeling. Even when I know I haven't made it shopping and there's no snacks, I'll get hungry and walk over to the pantry/fridge/freezer and look anyway. When I open the freezer drawer and find the hidden pint of ice cream it's like Christmas.  I put mine in a blender bottle and clip my keys to them I relate to this on a spiritual level. Oh my goodness that was scary to read. I'm sorry hear about this.

When I was twelve I asked my mom if we could make cookies together. She's a single mom and she worked all the time and I wanted to do something with her. She was depressed too so she'd get home and just kinda sit on her bed. I was hyped to spend time with her. Plus, cookies.

So I got home from school and I started preheating the oven. We would store all the pots and pans in there and also the dish towel would sit halfway in the door because this oven didn't have a handle, just a metal lip that you pull down.

I forgot all that shit

So two hours later the house is smoky and I open the oven and the wooden handles on the pots are scorched and the dish towel is on fire

I stomp it out and air out the house

My seven year old brother is gloating that I'm gonna get in trouble

My mom comes home later, I cry and apologize

She shrugs

We don't make any cookies That's rough. I've definitely set a few accidental fires in my day, but my worst cooking-with-oil story starts with me deciding against using a splatter guard and ends with an emergency visit to the eye doctor.  I'm convinced my brother has ADHD. When we were younger, I once came home at 3 am (parents were out of town) to the front door being open. My brother was cooking a pork chop, forgot, fell asleep, and woke up to the fire detectors going off. My friend did this when she was 12; luckily the guy in the next unit saw the smoke billowing out through the kitchen door and put out the fire for her. Her mother hired a babysitter for her until she was 16 and got a job after school. and sometimes you're like..eh.. it's only half charcoal, let me just break off the blackest parts. *proceeds to eat dried out lifeless pizza and wallow in misery* I eat toast way too fuckin much. Like, probably about half my meals. Maybe more. Putting something *else* in the toaster would be the impressive thing. This is my answer too. I'm sure my husband will be able to rattle off a whole list one my behalf though  Now the laundry thing; I do that *constantly*. To the point that I can barely do a load without having to wash it again *at least* once. That's one of the things I told my psychiatrist before getting evaluated. Keys I havent had a problem with yet, fortunately This is so me!  My old car didn’t have a remote for locking, so I had to use the button inside.  I got to know the different locksmith options in the area well.

Also the laundry.  So many extra loads!  It’s a delicate balance in deciding whether more detergent is needed, or maybe just a good rinse.   Oh man me too. All my clothes are probably going to wear out early due to all the extra washing.  Better a phone than a gun.  Haha sounds fun! I had to buy an electric kettle because I kept putting on water for tea and forgetting.  It was just a momentary flash of panic.

"is that the smell of toast?"

"OH SHIT TOAST SMELL MEANS STROKE"

"oh wait I put in toast 10 minutes ago nvm all good" To see a World in a Grain of Sand 

And a Heaven in a Wild Flower 

Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand 

And Eternity in an hour Don't worry, one day you'll forget you have parents. :\-\) I don’t watch that show lol I have nightmares about this! Except without the part at the end about realizing you'd dropped out...

Glad it had a happy ending! El Dorado! Found at last! Lol. This is really smart I'm assuming you check for keys before / when leaving and don't just leave them with your smoothie? Yeah I’ve started putting my keys on my coffee or other things I can’t forget. There have been too many instances of leaving behind painstakingly made French pressed coffee.  You are a genius. I’m always looking for little tricks like this - thanks for this one!  :(... My mother kept having me babysit my younger siblings even after this! Ah yes, the ADHD tax, stealing the joy right out of your food Toast is so fuckin' good. I go all or nothing, like a full loaf assembly line of bread toasting while I eat the last 2 slices or a full month no toast. My comment was supposed to be a lame ADHD joke - something something you're supposed to put bread in the toaster not toast. Hahaha true true *accidentally shoots my self” Classic, smell toast, obviously a stroke!

Ive left the stove on more times than a 31 year old should. I forgot to change my registration with the toll road operator here because i changed plates, even after the two infringements... 

I forgot the reason i turned the water off was because i took the tap off in the bathroom (walking back inside to water literally shooting out the door of the bathroom into the hall was fun).

I am adept at breaking into my own home due to forgetting my keys inside so often.

When I was at Uni i regularly rode my bike there, only to turn around because i forgot my lock. A few of those also included a home break in.

I could go on... Toast smell means stroke? Thank you. I've never got poetry before Oh my gosh I have nightmares almost every night that I’m registered for a class I completely forgot about 😭😭😭 I thought I was the only one who had nightmares about forgetting my class or school schedule.... I had a nightmare last week about forgetting I was enrolled in a class and showing up late for an exam worth 100% of my grade. Thing is... I’m 35 and finished college in 2006 🙄 Sometimes I manage to surprise even myself! 😂 Well if I get down to my car without my keys I can't go anywhere so I remember them 😂 I always leave my smoothie next to the key bowl and although I grab my keys I still forget the smoothie lol Apparently it's only a myth, but it's a common one that I've heard a lot. No I have dreams like this constantly, to the point where I wake up convinced that I'm back at undergrad and have missed weeks worth of classes. I don't think I ever missed classes like that when I was actually there, so I don't know where that comes from. I have forgotten about work shifts, but not for years. Brains are curious things. What’s annoying is that those nightmares never go away. I’m 33 and haven’t been in school for a long time. I have a recurring dream that I’m back in high school fucking everything up and trying to convince everybody that I already have a degree and don’t need to be back in high school. It’s really frustrating.  I...uh....nice name....I guess..? I've locked my keys in the house before, and only realized after i got to my car rushing to not be late to work that they weren't on me, lol. Yeah, using your car key as a "stuff to remember" anchor is a good idea. If you need to remember to take something with you, be sure to hook your key to it. Maybe put the keys in the smoothie, so you have to finish it,  before you can leave? ;) It was a case study in psychology and then a movie was made about it. 