I forgot to go to a concert I booked tickets a few months ago to see a concert and spent just over $100 on the tickets, which is a lot for me.  Today I realized that the concert was 2 weeks ago.  Usually my ADHD doesn't have a visible monetary effect on my life, but today it did.  Now I didn't get to see the concert and I lost $100.  I hate this. I'm "lucky", I usually forget to buy tickets for the concerts I really want to attend until they're sold out :/

Oh well, shit happens. Feeling bad about it won't make you go back in time and change the outcome. The only thing you can do is see what you can learn from it. Set more reminders? [deleted] Me too! This is why I go to all my concerts and paid events with my bestie, because she reminds me often and handles the tickets. I also use google calendar and I've found that helpful in keeping track of my life. True. I'm still upset about it, but that won't change anything. Next time I'll make sure to write it down in a lot more places.  They were emailed to me and I was supposed to print them out. Obviously that went well. Writing it down doesn't work for me.

I keep forgetting to empty my ashtray. I wrote a post-it and put it on the counter with the ashtray. It worked great! For a couple of days. Then I didn't even notice its existence when grabbing the ashtray.

I need loud stuff that gets my attention at the right time. Stuff that keeps nagging me until I acknowledge it. Else I just won't notice it. [deleted] I don't use a calendar on my phone, so I can only set alarms, which doesn't work for things months away.  I don't have a printer at home, so the 2 minute rule doesn't apply.  Alas. Why don't you use calendar?

Most phones also have a TODO list/reminder software, where you can tell it to send you notifications on a certain date. I just don't like it.  I prefer physical calendars and planners.  It usually works much better than it did this time... Redundancy is good for us, so why not both physical and digital ones, particularly for the more important events? 