I remembered something I need to do! And then I remembered something else! And something else! And then I forgot the first thing...and forgot all the others trying to remember it. Went on a long string of remembering things I needed to write in my planner. Long story short, nothing went in my planner, and I gave up on trying to remember and ran to reddit. Happy Tuesday! All too familiar! I’ll remember things while I’m driving somewhere and think “I need to put this in my phone when I get to my destination” or “I need to tell so and so this” and then usually by the time I’ve made it to my destination two minutes later, it’s all gone! Lmao  Its like yesterday when I made myself a todo list for when i got home but as soon as i got home i forgot all about the todo list but at least i was able to get half of that stuff done because it was like make lunch for next day etc.


Put my backpack down and realize im thirsty so grab some water but i still need to change out of these clothes so lets go to the bedroom but look the fish need to be fed, manage to change clothes and was like what was i doing? Oh yeah lets turn up the heat and use the bathroom, look there are clothes in here maybe i should bring the dirty laundry to the washer but oh yeah first i was going to unpack my backpack to clean the lunch dishes and make lunch so let's go back in there oh yeah my water let's have that. Whats in the fridge? Not sure if hungry or yeah lets eat that but in the other room while i turn on the pc andd oh yeah lets make lunch oh yeah wheres my backpack? Finally unpack lunch dishes and start washing but the dry dishes need to be put away first so only wash one dish and put away the rest and start taking food out of the fridge to organize for tomorrow but i need to wash the lunch dishes so wash that up. Actually im still thirsty wheres my water. Other room. Lets check weather for tomorrow. Oh a dirty dish in here lets bring to sink. Oh yeah lets finish washing this shit. Done! Oh k lets do something with this food for tomorrow ohmygodhowisit830pm_face.jpg

 Opening the same 3 apps over and over, while completely forgetting why you are even looking at your phone.... then Reddit for 20 minutes and realize you meant to call your mom back Same. Siri is my best friend because she remembers for me!


... if I remember to tell her.  That is my constant life.  I am constantly running up and down the stairs cause I forget things.  The other day I clocked 10,000 steps before lunch and I have a desk job due to forgetting things. I can relate, I am a server, at a decently nice steakhouse; cough not really I expo, take out the food, deliver it to the damn tables. I got hired as a server, I will damn well serve. I cannot stand and stair at the food tickets, I have little patience for that shit. Often I have to take plastic off these microwaved vegetables, and sometimes. Well, sometimes you walk out in front of a ton of people paying onwards of $100+ for 2 people and they see a bagged vegetable, These are the disagreeable richy personale that harbor the disgust for such this distasteful presence. Its just a bag people, god damn it. so I set the food down, get called by my coworker to get back into the kitchen. So I pick up the food, after noticing there a bag on the broccoli. The cat is out of the bag, its prring steam into this already melty bag that is warped around the broccoli . TLDR I didn't address the table, went back in the kitchen, took the bag off the broccoli, washed it a bit, got that sticky plastic residue off, and served it with confidence, I walked up to the guest, presented the food, joked around and passed it out. My daily life xD Google Keep, Google Calendar and Reminders... These are my lifesavers. I literally use them to remember everything. Grocery lists, work schedule, child custody schedule, when to change the air filter, daily reminders to take meds so I can function... But I still catch myself thinking, "Oh I'll remember to get strawberry jam at the store easily, oh and bread, oh and also I can remember to get vitamins while I'm out and about." Am I still out of jam, bread, and vitamins? Yep.  You sound like me! This reminded me that I was doing something else before Reddit got me!  I think the key here is it isn't out of ink, the ink is dried up. I do this type of thing on a daily basis..so frustrating  My most common phrase is "it fell out of my head". "Hey Google, make a note in Google keep!"
My phone is always out and on while I'm driving though, because I use it for music + Waze (to keep me from speeding/zoning out and missing exits/turns). Smart phones are the best thing that have ever happened to me. The worst thing about it is that I never fail to tell myself "Justin, you won't forget it this time. Just keep it on your brain."

Then, the world turns for 45 seconds longer, and that information is gone and will never come back for as long as I live! Haha I started to do voice notes in the car. Ah well. If it was important, *I would have remembered it.* Right? :-)

Which makes me wonder. If I made a contraption involving a shotgun to force me to remember something because if I don't it will go of in my neck, *would that work?*


 This is me, but with a four year old and one year old thrown into the mix so that I never seem to get to sleep before 11:30 pm.  Are you lost here? It doesn't get the vibe, that you commenting on the issue itself. :D You need to put it in your phone, calendar etc. You won't remember. I have a book where I wrote down everything and review once I get to work or home and force myself to get them done 1st before I get distracted. Same.  And they always include profanity bc thats how I talk.  "Remind me to pay my fucking phone bill"   Sounds like suicide to me :P Naa.. you would have forgotten to load the shotgun.. Yeah cant wait for kids lol. Will have to go entrepreneur mode then.. Or more like im doing this recording becaussseeee i forgot why since it took me too long to fumble to the record button. Oh well weeeeeee! You are wise. Lol And saved my life...in a literary sense.
 