The Tao of Chapstick I use a lot of chapstick, which means that with ye old ADHD, I also buy and *lose* a lot of chapstick. I buy 3 at a time so I can keep one by my bed, one in my purse, and one next to my couch where I do my interneting. This is to keep them in their places; they never stay in their places, obviously, because life is chaos and nothing in this world is certain.

On a bad day I know where only one chapstick is, and I must keep it on my person at all times lest I risk dry, chapped lips. This is scarcity.

On a good day, I know where all three chapsticks are. They are in their respective homes and I can move about my apartment/workplace with confidence, knowing that I will always have hydrated, kissable lips (in case a Hemsworth should appear out of nowhere). This is abundance.

Today--auspicious day!--I have located *five* chapsticks. One in each of their places, plus another under the couch, plus one on top of the fridge (somehow?). 

I am fortunate. I feel gratitude. My lips are hydrated af, and the universe is as it should be. I have two in my office drawer which keeps me safe during the day, but at home I often resort to coconut oil or even olive oil from the kitchen. Desperate times.  
  
Most often I find my chapsticks in a load of laundry fresh out of the dryer.. complete with oily splotches on my favorite shirt or pants from the melted lip balm.  
  
 Hahahah I love this!! I laughed / related so hard.  I was super tempted to buy he retail box of Cake Batter Chapstick bc I lose them so often and I can’t always find it at the store!  Maybe you could try looking for a chapstick on a necklace-type thing at the dollar store. I have one where the chapstick itself is replaceable, the necklace just has a jelly cap that holds on to the cap of the chapstick. I keep that one around my lamp so I never lose it! Or maybe you could make one? Haha it's only string afterall :)  I use a big tin of Shea Butter and another big tin of petroleum jelly (with cocoa butter) that are supposed to stay in the bathroom (but they sometimes don't). They're fairly large so they're much harder to lose track of them. I have little petroleum jelly(cocoa butter) containers for going out. I have 4 in my work bag right now. It’s always feast or famine. ADD meds make my mouth dry. Gum and chapstick are essential! I have a bed chapstick, a desk chapstick, a couch chapstick, a car chapstick, a purse chapstick, and a traveling chapstick. Right now I think I know where the bed chapstick is... I regularly put chapstick through the wash. 😣 This is so so so relatable. And god forbid I bring my car chapstick into work with me, or I switch purses and forget my purse chapstick at home. The days when I have the driest lips are the days when my chapsticks are all no where to be found and hiding with my desire to finish folding my laundry, and the pill organizer holding the emergency stash of vyvanse when I forget to fill my script. OP, reading this made my day  :) i usually buy the eos ones.  sometimes i buy them because i THINK i lost mine and there's a fun new flavor out, but half of the time i've got 1 or 2 of them in my backpack as well as another few in my desk drawer, on the floor next to my bed, under my desk... i never know where they are and i always just assume they're lost and buy more. 

just dug through my backpack...i found 3 but there's probably more.  Glory be to kissable lips! 

Do you ever accidentally leave them in your pants pockets and wash them? My Burts Bees ones have each been through the washer at least once.  What is wrong with your lips? Oh! Another thing I learned the other day is that staying PROPERLY hydrated actually makes a big difference in keeping your lips from getting chapped!  
  
I've been working really hard to drink enough water every day and I was super surprised to find the difference was actually noticeable. Maybe I'm stupid, but I thought it was pretty neat.   I don't like the texture of those as much. I wish they had chapstick formula in big tins though. You're right; would be much harder to lose. Googone will get the stains out of you clothes!  Thank you!!! This comment made mine. :D No but that's usually because if I have them in my pants pocket I know where they are, and I never know where they are. Like, I consider myself LUCKY if they make it into my pocket. Nothing! I just like chapstick. :D With the emphasis on 'tic', yes? What are you talking about?? Nobody gets my jokes. :\-\(  