It occurred to me for the first time today that other people don't have attention spans that automatically reset every seven minutes. Can you relate? I never thought about it before. Also I used to have arguments with my dad and teachers in elementary school who'd tell me to concentrate and I'd be like "concentrate isn't real." “I’m not an orange, Dad! I don’t *have* concentrate.” My teachers kept mentioning somethinf about hos thr natural human attention span is approx 15 mins. But usually you can redirect it and come back to focus.

But for us its like. Either a few min of focus and then scattering, or 10 hrs non stop. Theres no in between! I can focus on my artwork for hours and hours. Hyper focus is real. My parents were so happy that I would sit in my room for 8 hours and paint instead of partying and playing games. However, I struggle to hold a decent conversation with regular people...it sucks. Finding someone who can handle my frequent topic changes is awesome. And yes. My "regular" attention span is very, VERY short Tell me something when you get down to 7 seconds. I barely had enough focus to read the title of this post For me it's extremely random. Sometimes the reset happens after 15 minutes, sometimes after 1 second, sometimes it doesn't even need a reset, I just couldn't concentrate to begin with. if 7 minutes means 45 seconds-3minutes, shur yah! During lectures I often get lost in my imagination but whenever teacher asks a question I wake up then I'm like WTF I was supposed to be concentrating and after a minute or two I am lost again until something distract me after failing a couple of times I get annoyed by myself and then I just give up and get lost in my imagination happily and that the most satisfying feeling  I sometimes think about what others experience. I imagine they have a fluidity of thought that doesn’t jump around or stall. Maybe they run into mental walls when they’re tired or nervous but not as a daily issue. Maybe their thoughts speed up a bit when they drink coffee or are anxious.  I used to think everyone had a short attention span, they were just good at bring it back. I just couldn't after my 10 minutes was up. After 10 I was essentially clocked out.  I definitely get distracted really easily unless it is something I am really interested in. Then I find it really difficult to *change* focus to something else.

Like watching an interesting movie or writing code or some such, and when my wife starts talking. At first I don't even notice. When I do I feel stressed and irritated. Meanwhile, I totally lose track of what she says and what I was originally doing.

Or if I have back to back meetings at work about completely different topics. It takes awhile to get my mind switched over to the new thing.

Or if my wife asks me to do some task when I'm right in the middle of trying to get something else done. I'm either going to screw up what I'm doing, forget to do the other thing, screw up the other thing, forget to go back to the first thing, or more likely all of the above. Orange you glad I didn't say Banana? Hahah, thanks for the laugh dude Which makes a lot of people, myself included, spend their lives thinking "I couldn't have ADHD, I'm a fucking champ at focusing sometimes"  This. I was the same with books.  I'd go on reading binges where I'd read like 4-5 novels back to back without taking any breaks. Everyone thought I was really smart because of it, but it was like marathoning movies.  I just couldn't put it down.  What happens if someone interrupts you in the middle of that hyperfocus session?  Me? I get really annoyed and irritated.

Or what if you *have* to remember to do something at such and such time? If I don't set the alarm, I forget it. If I do set the alarm I ignore it and forget it. Or I have a hard time dragging myself away from what I'm doing. I'm artist and a designer and I can relate kinda, when I spend hours in the studio or at work without talking to people I find it hard to get in tune with their vibes Yeah I was gonna say, 7 minutes lucky OP 
My attention span for listening to people speak or spoken instructions is 3 seconds I swear  You want me to w I feel that That is more of my attention span, but less of my epiphany. Seven minutes is generous. At least we get hyperfocus. Like a space drive but in three-four dimensions.   I have to turn information into cartoons immediately and focus on drawing them or I lose it I dont have ADHD, i can focus when im motivated, but i still have so many random thoughts all the time when im not focusing on smth. But even i have moments were i lose the focus without realizing. But mostly because im really tired, not randomly. I met someone with the opposite of ADHD. It seems a bit dull in there. A -> B -> C. And repeat. And repeat.  #K This would be my toprated comment. Yuuuup. I didnt realise until 3 months ago that I am actually bad at reading. Growing up I read 10 books a week because I am severely obsessed with sci fi, dystopian fiction and fantasy. Because of this, my reading level is very high. But I never in my life have been able to read more than 2 pgs of a textbook and I have never read any book page by page. Since I only read fiction, I literally read the first few chapters to get the basic plot, then flip around in the book reading chapters here and there to peice it all together in my head! (Its so much fun actually)

So when people say, you clearly can read for hours on end, just do the same for school! Um... what?? How! The paragraphs all blur and make no sense and I cant remember anything even if I do get through some of it! Same, I can listen to a sentence and then not be able to repeat it back again because I already forgot most of the words... 
  





   
 
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
 . Potassium puns... It's hard to *sium*  Pota sock in it 