Tinder is hell because I forget to message people back and also lose interest in seeing them This post brought to you by: have a Tinder date tonight, which I set on Monday, and by this point I'm really not interested in going out even though the guy I'm going to see seems really nice and good-looking and kind. I'm just not excited about it. It's not even anxiety or depression, I just had a hella rough week and want nothing more than to put on some cozy pajamas and melt into my bed, so going on the date seems like a chore. I don't want to cancel or transfer because I think that would be inconsiderate, and because I don't want to run the risk of pushing the guy away (though I'm running that risk anyway, because my brain is currently a plate of lukewarm scrambled eggs and I don't know if I'll be able to enjoy myself, let alone be enjoyable company for him).

As I contemplated this, I saw that this one girl - who I'm less interested in because conversation with her is kinda boring, tbh - messaged me on monday night after I'd gone to sleep, and *this dingus completely forgot to reply* and nowwww it's time for the anxious cycle of avoidance: I feel so ashamed to own up to how long it took me to reply, and am anticipating so much rejection, that I'm tempted to just not reply ever again and just give this girl up as a lost cause. I think part of me also wants to do this because I'm eager to not have so many people to divide my attentions on. 

In between these 2 extremes, there's 2 other tinder matches: a girl who I'm really into and excited to meet, and who I've been talking to a lot , but asked me to hold off on going on a date until after she's dealt with some PMS (I can respect that) and this other girl who seems like a sweetheart and into me but I can't for the life of me figure out what to say to her at this point and I'm too overwhelmed this weekend to set another date, which would be a good icebreaker and move things forward.

I'll never understand people who have affairs or are poly (though I respect polyamory and many of my friends are poly) - how the fuck do they actually devote time and energy to more than one partner? Holy fuck, every time I try dating I get a surge of excitement but then I want to become a hermit in a cave living in solitude for 300 years.

I'm not even looking for relationship/dating advice (though I won't mind it), I just want to vent.  It’s fucked up but I lose interest in people so quickly. Must mean your special if I want to keep you around tho 😉 