I forgot... To turn the stove off. Had my cast iron Dutch oven on the stove, drying off (I don't know if this is common knowledge, but you don't want any moisture on cast iron when you put it away, rust and all that). And then I took the garbage and recycling out. And then I thought I should probably water my garden, and got distracted by weeding. 

Well, my husband gets back from going out in the boat with our son. And he went inside. And then stormed outside, and chewed me out for leaving the stove on. 🙄

I was a bit pissed at first, I mean he proper yelled at me, and the stove was only on for like ten minutes. But, what ever. 

So later he apologized for yelling. And then 'But don't do that again'... Like, yea dude, I know. And then 'Well if you know then why did you do it?'

Whenever someone says this, my mind goes blank and I feel like a 6 year old getting scolded. I didn't respond and just walked away, but man does that get under my skin. 

He picked on me for it a bit later, and I brought up my ADHD. He knows I'm forgetful. But he says 'Yea well I have ADD too'... He has never brought it up that he feels he might have it, and he has no diagnoses. He said that he forgets stuff and procrastinates too, so maybe he does have it. Part of me feels like he said it meaning that ADHD is not an excuse for forgetfulness, and I should get over it. 

I think we need couples therapy 😑 Does anyone have advice about how to discuss our disorder with a significant other, without feeling like I'm making excuses for myself?

Edit: make paragraphs from wall of text 🤨 maybe tell him ADD isnt an excuse for being a jackass? not sure you need couples counseling or your spouse just needs some instruction on being respectful and polite.  The notion that if you did know better, or if only you cared, weren't so lazy, etcetera you would have remembered to turn off the stove is something that other people commonly assume when you do something like that. And it is an assumption that hurts, and is so frustrating to encounter.

It sounds like he was legitimately scared by the potential disaster that leaving the stove on could have caused. And that needs to be acknowledged. However he seems to be repeatedly bringing it up in a hurtful way.

Yeah, everybody forgets some things sometimes, or procrastinates. But it sounds like he is trying to invalidate your "excuse" and say that you should figure out how to overcome those things the way he already has, and if you don't it's because you didn't try as hard as he did.

The label/diagnosis should never be used as or looked at as an excuse. It should be used to understand what is going on. He needs to understand that even if you know you should turn off the stove, and care very much about not burning the house down, you can still forget it was turned on or think that you did turn it off. And that other strategies might be needed to make sure the stove is always turned off when it is needed to be turned off. If he is having issues with trust, couples therapy might be helpful. Recently, I forgot that I left the oven on and since it was on for hours, one of the elements/heating coils burst, which meant my oven was out of commission for awhile. 

Shit happens. That’s the bottom line. I think he’s coming from a place of fear (of course something bad COULD have happened, but it didn’t) or this is pent up frustration toward you that’s surfacing now. 

Couples counseling would probably be helpful to get to the bottom of it. Him throwing ADD back at you as if it’s not a viable reason to make such a mistake is annoying. One of my biggest pet peeves.  