After two days in a row of forgetting to take my lunch to work, today I remembered it. But... TL;DR:....I forgot to put a belt on.  So I'm walking around the office with one hand in a pocket at all times just in case.  Also I'm free-balling.

​

I don't take my medication until I get to work because the commute takes almost 2hrs, so in the mornings I'm particularly scatter-brained.  Yesterday I went into the kitchen determined to get my lunch (after forgetting it the day before), my wife even called out "don't forget your lunch", and I instantly forgot why I was there and had a glass of water and left for work.Today mid-way through getting dressed I thought "fuck I'd better remember my lunch" so went to the kitchen to get it out.  Great success!  Left for work.  Too bad I hadn't finished getting dressed.

I thought this might be relatable. 100% relatable. After talking to my doctor, my doses per day increase by 1 so I can take that initial dose as soon as my alarm goes off so it’s kicked in while I prepare for my morning. 

I am *very rarely* late now, I do forget my lunch but that tends to be when I’m sleep deprived and don’t pack it the night before or for whatever reason, decide not to take the early morning dose.  I only take lunch to work in the winter, when I can toss it into the car the night before.  Super relatable. Last weekend I had a baby shower for a high school friend back home, so I went to my parents house for the weekend. I did really well that morning getting ready: got a shower, fixed my hair and makeup, ran to the store to get the food I was supposed to bring to the shower, and I was still gonna be on time!

Until I go to put on the dress clothes I brought from my house. I grab my dress pants and think "huh these aren't the brand I thought they were. And why is the size so weird." They were my boyfriend's pants. Jeans it is. At least you didn't wear you lunch to work... 

Its been a long day Relatable indeed. I went to a conference today forgetting both my badge and all the materials that I needed because I was worried about ... Well I don't remember. 👍😳 This is exactly why I work from home.  No one knows I forgot to put on a bra and I can text my husband to come put food on my desk. Terrible and funny.  Sorry I chuckled a bit.  A win, is a win, and at least you packed a lunch. One thing I've done, when I could trust my co-workers, was just leave some stuff in/on the fridge like bread, cheese, and meat Your commute is 2 hours long? Oh man that's brutal!!  My wife yelling "Don't forget your lunch!" is a good way to guarantee that I will forget my lunch or something else essential at the expense of remembering my lunch. I've shown up to work with 2 different shoes on. Twice.  I was so proud of myself on my last trip because I remembered my earplugs.

Forgot about six other things, though.  And forgot to wear my knee brace when climbing a large steep hill while there, so my knee hurt until I went and soaked it in the hotel hot tub. I was a little worried that this would be a “I left the last day of school’s food in my lunchbox and didn’t realize til the first day of school” but you got good fresh food!  I make a list the night before  from myself to myself telling me to do stuff in the morning. I get my clothes ready and iron my shirts.  I live in a sharehouse now and this morning I forgot to bring my towels with me to the shower room :( I keep leaving the house with the shoes I wear indoors, sometimes I have time to go back and change, sometimes I only notice when someone points out. Once I had to go through a whole seminar in college with the outfit on point except for the ugly mismatched flipflops. I made a joke about it, we all laughed, now remember it and cringe so bad. 

&#x200B;

I should have a pair of decent emergency shoes at the car, but I forget to do it. Eat your lunch so you don’t need your belt.  If I manage to remember it, its still rough. Forgot my left over chinese food in the car and ended up buying lunch. 

I did roll the dice and had an excellent left over chinese food dinner though.  I get to do the next best thing to working from home: I work four blocks from home. So when I inevitably forget things, I can run home for them. And then bring back snacks for my (three) coworkers... This way they are happy with snacks when I forget things instead of aggravated with me for having to run home AGAIN.  I have a stack of crap-I-forgot-my-lunch food in my file cabinet. Also socks and underwear and dress shoes. And extra doses of morning and evening meds, comb, deodorant. Basically a second house. If there's ever a zombie apocalypse while I'm at work, I'm set for months. 

But no belt! If I ever remember, I'll have to bring one in.  

Spouse is so damn organized and I am jealous. HE never forgets his lunch. =P  Create list. Prepare night before clothes etc

Or don’t eat. I’m doing intermittent fasting has helped with mental clarity. Legit [deleted] I just arranged this with my Doc and it's been helping! Now to form the right habits for in the morning and before bed too!  I'm in the southern hemisphere so this is actually the middle of winter, but the overnight minimums here might not be food safe.   it's ok I'm laughing too :)  Yeah it's fucked.  I generally work from home 2 days a week, so that makes up for it to a degree.   Yeah it's almost like hearing her say it made my mind check it off the list of things to be done.  *boop*  Funnily enough I've just had a two week indulgent holiday and the situation wasn't anywhere near as precarious as it would have been before then.   With an extra minute in the microwave, just in case? And you get a cheeky dopamine boost from the run. That sounds like an ideal working arrangement  Intermittent fasting has been good for me too.  The lunch I forgot was one of the 150cal meals I'd prepared for it haha.   Fortunately the store near my work has various salad options that are sold by weight so I was able to buy something suitable instead.  This week was the first back after 2 weeks of holiday which threw every routine out the window. Same here. I don’t actually “get up” when that initial “med time” alarm goes off 😉  Thought I was the only one who did this  I figured my acid reflux would take care of things so I skipped any microwaving.  