Who else is on the entire world's pencil lending blacklist? I swear the most common words out of my mouth are "can I borrow a pencil?" and the second most common are "oh, shit, sorry, I think I lost it" You gotta space out who you question, only ask zoey on the right the first Tuesday of every month, hit up kyle the next day lmao One guy in my class was super annoyed at me for always asking for pens, rubber, papers or wether I can look into his textbook.

Became good friends after a bit and he started taking extra pens with him and always reminded me to give it back to him at the end of the lesson. 

All my friend in school knew I never had all of my equipment with me and I've got offered pens, paper every single lesson. Great people. I'm on the other end of that. Because I lose them a lot I tend to carry excess of them around with me at all times. People borrow them and forget to give them back, I use them and set them down never to be seen again, and sometimes I break them on accident during meetings. 

 I accuse people of stealing them all of the time though because I fail to realize I'm the one who lost it and typically by Friday I'm down to one pen. 

 I probably go though one of those big boxes every two weeks which is why I only buy the cheap ones.  Lol, yeah. This is why I carry like 5 pens in my purse. Granted, they are wild colors, but if I lose one, I've got more.  When I was in school, it was a problem. So much that I got detention for it.  To this day, I have no idea where the 10,000 pencils went.  When I was waiting tables, I think the longest I ever made it through my shift with all my pens was an hour, even though I'd bring 3 or 4 because I knew I'd lose some. After that, I just ganked them from the kids' meals and prayed I'd be able to read my writing. That was a problem for me at school. That's because I was horribly organized. Now at work, if my job requires I have a pen, I just went and bought a bag and keep them in my locker. I rarely ask for others to lend pencils, but that's only because I drop a lot of money on emergency pencil sets, and now I keep a surplus of pencils near my phone and wallet in order to forget about them less. I give rather than take/keep/borrow. With the exception of a mechanical pencil (Kuru Toga)I have a set of woodcase pencils both in the breast pocket of my jacket & more in a metal case. I find that most people need to borrow pens rather than pencils, and woodcase pencils are a pain to keep unless you have a case or cap. 

My problem is I think I have more pencils than I do, and I give them out. That makes me a pencil pusher. Borrow 1 today then return 2 tomorrow. Make sure that bonus writing utensil is nicer than one borrowed. I was like this in middle school, but it kind of fixed itself in ninth grade when I found a purple mechanical pencil that I particularly liked.  Since then at the beginning of each year I've made a point of picking out a specific penil I know I'll love. I get attached to it, like I do to many stupid things, and I've never lost one since.

ADD is weird. 