Forgot to take the pills cause I got distracted while taking them. I was studying maths and I was taking forever to do everything. After walking by me 4 times with me still on the same page my mom asked if I took my pills. I went to the drawer where I have my pills and... my concerta bottle was on top of it, opened with a single pill out, untouched just like I left it hours earlier... 
Then I tried to remember what happened and then I realized that while I was taking the pill out I somehow got distracted and went shaving and left it there. 
How do I make myself take my meds ASAP before I get distracted while taking them? You can get a pill box (the full week one) that's easy to open and just take the meds in one fell swoop. Also always keep a water bottle by the meds. Set two (or more) alarms back to back, one to alert you to take it and one a few minutes after to refocus you and confirm that tuve taken it. Take the medication at the same time always. I keep my pill box and water on my nightstand. My first act when I open my eyes is to the medication. These are just some suggestions. Let us know what you try and what worked!
Edit: oh yeah, I wouldn't keep it in a drawer. Hahaha, i soo feel you! Before i started medication it was always the coffee. We have a integrated coffee machine in our kitchen, so you put your cup in it, and it grinds and makes the coffee in 30 seconds. 

So while the coffee is being made, I am usually too impatient to wait the 30 seconds, instead i go do something else and my dad asks me if its my coffee, which it of course is, but its usually cold when he finds it :P 

I'd just have the Concerta bottle by the bedside with a sportsbottle of water or syrup (never acidic drinks like orange juice, it messes with the uptake of the medication). Then try to practice cues in which you are supposed to take the medication.

Easy stuff like: If I see ___ (pill box), then take pill. Try to reinforcing it by having your mother give you a treat every time you remember to do the cue -> action exercise. Even if it feels weird asking her to do that, just do it anyway. Progress is made outside of the comfort zone.

Then you can take it further: If someone talks to me, then tell brain to pause/stop/breathe deep for 10 seconds before continuing. (This is basically a big part of mindfulness, I'm sure you've heard of it.)
 When I was on 4 x 10mg Ritalin per day, I’d lose track and forget whether I took a dose yet. So l started carrying the day’s pills in a small pill box. I’d keep the prescription bottle in my backpack, too, but Just for the unlikely event that I needed to prove I had a legit prescription. If I have it on my nightstand chances are ill just forget it cause ill overlook it, just like I do with my glasses. Maybe keeping it in the entrance hall or the kitchen. Ill try that tomorrow. Haha my dad always does that to his coffee as well. 

Not sure if I’m going to be able to remind myself to do that pause brain thing tho. Yeah, just keep it somewhere where you’re *sure* to see it every day. Like for me, I just keep my pills on my make up table (in a lockbox. Roommates.) so I’ll never forget to take them every morning before my classes.  Begin with the easy one. If and only if you feel some accomplishment or success implementing the easy one, then continue on the next one. *I’m 16, no way I’m asking my mom to give me a treat for taking my pills*

Also I think I can manage it with a simple storage space change. 