Don't be mad, I don't do it on purpose... I'll try to keep it short so you won't space out reading this ;)

How do you cope with people around you being mad because you forget a lot?

Every time I forget something I get depressed and get mad at myself, especially when it affects someone else. When they are angry, it makes me feel even worse. They seem to not understand that I care and that I'm punishing myself already. If they only would not "rub it in" it would make things a little more bearable.

I know my ADHD should not be an excuse for everything and it could be really frustrating... I just want people to see that I try and not to focus on flaws. You have to tell them about it and make them understand, even if they're ignorant and won't accept it. They may even ask for a diagnosis paper, or outright say it doesn't exist. But you know what you have and what you have to deal with, so they cant say shit to that Wait. But if you’re ADHD, it IS everything. You don’t need to “blame” everything or anything on the ADHD. People with ADHD are forgetful. Period. You shouldn’t feel the need to defend yourself for being who you are! Depending on the person, I often go with something along the lines of, "I have a poor working memory due to a neurological condition.  I'm sorry I forgot <insert the thing>. I'm going to try <insert coping mechanism> to do better in the future. I know this is as frustrating for you as it is for me. Thank you for your patience." 

Briefly explaining that you're aware of the problem, that it's caused by a medical problem, that you're sorry, and, most importantly, showing that you're taking measures to improve, while validating their feelings and thanking them for their patience seems to leave most people with nothing really to add. There's just not much to be said after that without looking like a raging asshole.  Ableism is motherfather.  Before my partner recognized that I had ADHD, she often got very frustrated or upset when I forgot things. We've learned to pick our battles. I do my best to remember and write things down, and she'll politely remind me if I forget things. Also, I stopped saying yes to plans immediately until I confirm that we are indeed free. YESSSS. THIS. 

&#x200B;

I'm not trying to use my ADHD as an excuse, BUT omg, it's not like I forget on purpose! (I'm ADHD type inattentive, btw).  