[Question] What are some strategies one can use to try not misplace items as much? [Answered] I don't have ADHD, but my partner does and I am asking on his behalf since he doesn't have Reddit (as far as I know.) He misplaces things a ton because he does things without taking the time to think about it or otherwise, which results in him putting an item in a logical place, but not remembering that he has put it there, or losing the item all together because he didn't put it in a logical place and just dumped it somewhere. I've googled some ideas and some of them work (Having a box within a room where all valuables go once we get home.) but we don't really have anything set up for when we / he goes out (which is when he loses things, currently he has lost his wallet from going out with friends last night and loses his things on the daily whenever he leaves the house.) 

Any ideas to be able to minimise losing items while we go out, whether that be in the car or while we are out walking around or even at his work place?

Thanks in advance for answering! I used to constantly lose things but then I figured out that if I count how many "essentials" I have/need when Im going somewhere then I dont lose them. 

For example, when I go to work I have 4 essentials: my wallet, my work ID, my keys and my phone. 

When I go out with friends, I have 3 essentials: my wallet, my keys, and my phone.

I check that I have my essentials at various points. 1. When I am going to my car 2. When I arrive and am getting out of my car 3. When I am leaving 4. When I get to my car

Works every time. :) When I lose something, I try and take note of the first place I looked. And when I'm done with it, I try and make an effort to put it in that place for next time.

It's not bullet proof, but I found it helps.  Designate a place specifically for every day stuff at home.  I lose my keys or wallet in my apartment constantly, it's brutal.  I didn't have a coat rack, so I went out and bought one that has a shelf on top and now I do my best (heh...) to put my daily stuff that I don't need immediately on top of that shelf when I take my coat or sweater or whatever off.

As for not losing things when you're out and about - I try to leave anything that I don't need and don't want to lose in the console of my car.  If I have a backpack with me and need to take keys or whatever then I make sure that I put them on the little key clip thing in one of the front compartments so they a) don't get lost in a bunch of other stuff in the bottom of the bag and b) don't fall out while rummaging.

Building the habit of minimizing non-essentials that you're carrying with you and reliably putting them in the same place is the hard part, naturally.  You can do whatever you want to designate a place for something but if you don't use it then it might as well not exist.  Reminder notes can help.  If you always go to the bathroom when you walk in then put a note on the mirror to prompt you.  Even something as simple as "wallet" on a post-it- could work. This is more of a mental exercise but whenever I'm out, I keep a running log/loop of the items on me ("wallets, keys, phone"). Every time I get up from a table or leave a building, I check for the things I have in my running loop. Another thing that someone else mentioned is having one place where everything goes (a bag for me) and I have to make a conscious effort to look at exactly where I'm placing the item when I return it to the bag. 

Or just consolidate as much as possible. I love to carry a lot of items at once but that's usually when I lose track of something. So instead of carrying a wallet, keys, and phone as separate items, I will just take my phone, which has a pocket for cards (so I can put my swipe key and a credit card/cash in it). Now I only have one item to look after. The sticky phone pockets are great for me and I bet there's a phone attachment that will hold physical keys. Then your husband can keep track of just one item throughout the night. 
 I have spots for everything. I haven’t lost my glasses once since I got them a felt holder that goes on my night stand. Keys are always in the door to my room. - Manic pocket patting.

- Everything else goes into the backpack. Never lose the backpack.

- When you leave a place (say a table in a restaurant) always stop and glance at where you were sitting. 
 It's weird, but whenever I put something in a place I might forget it I take a second to imagine myself getting it. So every night when I set my wallet and keys on my desk I imagine myself picking them up and putting them in my pocket the next morning.

It's sorta weird, and Idk how many other people do this, but it's worked pretty well for me Like others have said, always have a spot for your "going out" stuff. I have a purse that's more like a sling pack filled with everything I might need and would horribly regret not having if I go out.

I watched my Mom and Aunt lose their keys, wallets, and purses too much as a child and consequently over-obsess about all of them. As soon as I use my wallet it immediately goes back in the wallet section of my purse.

I don't know if your partner is willing to use the mini-bag method, but it's made a huge impact on my purse's organization. The premise is you have separate pouches for each thing, like date-night stuff, shopping stuff, and creative stuff. I have a zipper pouch for pencils/pens/highlighters, another pouch for chapstick, medicine, and female stuff (that's also a great way to keep the monthly cycle stuff from getting ripped up by my bag), and one other pouch just for sunglasses and headphones. I get sooo annoyed when I have to put something away in one of the pouches instead of just tossing it in my bag, but when I go to get it the next time and don't struggle to find it, I thank past me for that (that's a tip from No Zero Days).

There's no reason the same principle couldn't apply to a backpack. If your partner doesn't already have a pack, they should definitely get a sturdy one with comfortable arms. if it’s something i have to put down in the moment but don’t want to forget where it is i’ll say out loud, “my keys are on the arm of the couch” and visualize in my head the keys on the couch. not just look at the keys on the couch but also make sure that image is in my brain.  Let me know when you have the answer 😉

Btw, I- oh nevermind I forgot. Thanks for all the replies guys, I've made a list of suggestions to bring up with my partner. We'll talk through each idea and see how it will fold out for him. Thanks again :) This is definitely something I should look into. Thanks for the advice! Also, things like an umbrella don't count as essentials because it isnt needed every day, every time

When I have an extra item like that I simply make a mental note to keep track of it. That way, my essentials list stays constant enough that it becomes second nature to me to make sure I have my 4 essentials for work (or 3 essentials for going out). This helps a ton! Currently I'm doing a semi questionnaire with my partner trying to see where he remembers leaving his wallet last. I am not with him right now though which makes it a bit more difficult, but it is helping. Thanks for the reply! Remember notes would be a great idea for when I am not living with him (normally I ask him if he has his keys, phone and wallet with him, but I don't live with him full time yet so there are days where he doesn't have that verbal reminder.) 

We tried a bum bag for that reason, but because it is woo foreign for him to wear, it didn't work and he'd end up losing that too, so I definitely get where you are coming from with the whole "if you don't use it, you'll probably still lose it" thing. 