Went to walk the dog — forgot dog I walked around for ten minutes like an idiot before realizing what was missing  Relatable af 😂 I ordered new bra's today.... hours later I realized I ordered the wrong size! How in the world do you FORGET what size bra you wear!?!?! I guess just like you forget the dog when you are going to take it on a walk. Sorry, I know how annoying stuff like this is. Sometimes I just feel like banging my head against the wall hoping to knock some sense into myself. I forgot my dog at the beach one time! 💗
I really needed to read this today. Thanks for sharing. 
 I bought a workbook on managing ADHD last week, and forgot it on my porch, in the rain. There is a type of working memory called prospective working memory, remembering as in to remember.  Aka it deals with 1st, 2nd, and 3rd order effects but more on the 2nd and 3rd order effects for we use this working memory to chain behaviors together and specifically prospective working memory as a buffer for we can't do X until Y happens.  For example I can't walk the dog without getting the leash first.

Dr. Barkley has some good videos on this, most of them I do not have bookmarked off the top of my head (it may be on my harddrive but my harddrive is disorganized).  But here is a video of him talking about this.

https://youtu.be/wccW-KB2OsI?t=8

Watch the whole 10 mins but the main part you should listen to is 2 mins in but you need the set up.

----

Well how do you treat this problem besides ADHD meds?  Well Dr. Barkley has some good stuff on this too.  Instead of skipping to that point in the lecture (which I will provide later) I recommend we swap to a different lecture and him summarizing what you do.  So watch this video next.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tpB-B8BXk0



And then watch a 37 minute video if you still have any energy left.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPFmKu2S5XY

In the 3rd video part of the same lecture as the 1st video he explains how you treat ADHD besides meds is to do the  Lev Vygotsky Zone of Proximal Development model of teaching and maintenance of teaching.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zone_of_proximal_development

But in more modern psychology / educational terms this is known as instructional scalfolding.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Instructional_scaffolding

But you see this mindset of instructional scaffolding is not just about teaching a behavior, but it also applies to all humans in the mainteance of certain types of behaviors.  We need to create an artificial prosthesis that converts abstract tasks into concrete tasks.  1) **How can we make it physical?** and 2) **How can we make the physical things happen at the right moment in time and space?**

For the 2nd part is the point of prospective working memory, it is areas of the frontal lobe and areas of the back of the brain that knows when to give you the leash only when you need it, to tell you are going outside to walk to dog but do not go outside until the dog is ready to walk.

Well this is very hard shit, but it can be done, and the research in behavorial therapy since the 1950s with the first wave, second wave, third wave etc has been improving on how we do this.

***So one last video and this one is so much more important than video 3, watch videos 1, 2, and 4 but feel free to skip 3.***

You should watch the 30 essential ideas of how to treat ADHD but specifically parts 5, 6, and 7.

I am now going to link you part 5B

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGOlNzaW7KA&list=PLzBixSjmbc8eFl6UX5_wWGP8i0mAs-cvY&index=11

By 6 to 9 mins in with part 5B you will be crying if you have not seen this video before. I feel you boo. Not the exact situation, but I feel you. went to bike shop to repair bike. forgot bike. I don't forget stuff that often to be honest, but... last week, I was at my parents', and had some stuff to take back to my flat (before coming back to parents' house again). 

We drove all the way there before I remembered I needed to have my keys. 

I think it was because when I'm at my own flat I remember that I need to have my keys, but when I'm at my parents' even though I have a set of their keys, they usually do too so it's not essential to have my keys when I leave their house with them. Thankfully it's only about a 20 minute drive each way... I’m in uni, I constantly leave for class without my backpack So many times have I left for work, arrived without supplies that I could not be without. 

Yesterday I had to call in son’s prescription refill, I walked around with bottle while I was on hold in case I need to refer to it.  
This morning I could not find bottle anywhere. 
Took about 10 mins to find it, bc as you know, it could have been anywhere.  It was upstairs in my closet on top of a dresser.  Didn’t even surprise me, I was just glad we weren’t late for school.  When I go to the fridge to put stuff away and I realize I left my shoes in the fridge. I seem to manage to leave without my car keys a lot. Can’t really get too far! I’ve resorted to just leaving them in my coat pocket, but now that it’s almost summer, I’m going to have to leave them somewhere else!  My mom (also ADHD) lost the dog once for several hours. She walked around the neighborhood, was about to get in the car to start posting signs when she saw the leash peaking out from underneath the car, complete with dog still attached. Turned out she had left the dog in the garage when they came home from a trip to the beach, so the dog took a nap under the car.  This is all too relatabe and I don't even have a dog I once went to play guitar at a gig. Brought everything except a guitar.  Thanks for the laugh! It's great to know I'm not alone. 

Yes other people have brain derps. What I have is a condition/disorder/imbalance/whatever where I chronically and consistently forget things. I'd call it a magic trick (optimistic-otter defies the odds and loses her wet gloves on the kayaking trip despite having them attached to her vest! see how she does it!) if it weren't so gutting at times (yes I'm frustrated after the 1,000th time). Anyways, you're not an idiot. At least I wouldn't call you one :) Hope you have a lovely day! I'm sure you'll remember the dog next time! lol Lately I've been going to walk the dog & forgetting to put the leash on. I only realise it after my dog has sprinted down the hallway towards the elevator. Yeah it's been a good month lolsob. But same wtf? How does this happen?..  I feel you, just today I went to my room to get my car keys to put a work item in my car so I wouldn't forget it on Monday, grabbed a coat because it was raining, made it all the way to the car before realizing I never grabbed my keys. 

My old car, I had such a bad habit of accidentally locking the keys in the car that a spare key that only unlocks the door had to be hidden in the chassey(?) where I could find it and it wouldn't fall off while driving.  Haha I went to go home from shops and forgot were I parked the car  YOU HAD ONE JOB!!! D'oah!  Lol I thought i lost a year.  I honestly had to ask my husband how old i was?  😊 .... So what was he doing you went back for him? Was he all ready to go for a walk and you just left him there? Sitting at the door all confused? xD

Once my Grandma (who most likely has ADHD) got my 3-year-old mom all dressed up in full snowsuit to go sledding and had driven 10 minutes away before noticing she wasn't in the car. Luckily my mom was so bundled up that she wasn't able to get into any trouble. Accidentally stealing is something i do all the time. So far ive stolen a belt,deodorant and countless sweets. Kinda of wish I accidentally stole something thats more important, like an iphone or whatever.  [deleted] I have to check my size every time I buy new ones!  Responding so I can come back to this. (High hopes here folks)  [deleted] I always forget my keys at home. They will forever be my arch nemesis  I pretty much obsessively pat all my pockets before before I leave the house,so I can check for my important things. I used to forget stuff all the time, but doing, that has really helped me remember.  I've never left my shoe in there but holy fuck if I don't leave my keys, phone or wallet in there once a day. im not entirely sure  Yeah, she was just sitting in front of the door really confused lol 
She was so excited to go on the walk too, I was talking to her and just hyping her up, as you do, and I just kinda leave without her

Thank god nothing happened! I can’t imagine how worried your grandma must have been though I have to give myself 15 min leeway on my way to work because I usually need to come back home 2-3x for stuff I’ve forgotten. Because of this I love 1.3 miles from work so it’s doable.  You should do that anyway! Boobs change all the time. A little weight gain here, loss there, god help you if you've had a baby sometime in the last 2 years. Making sure you have a good fit every time does wonders for your comfort.  Responding, so you remember ;) Yes, same for me. I never seem to forget anything on my to-do-list. I'm just unable to initiate and stick with these tasks often. And I have difficulties assessing the amount of stuff I in fact have already gotten done, and then the need to rest...  Damn keys👍 😂😂😂😂 Did you walk the leash on its own? Did you pick up another dog's poo?..  Just saw this thank you for the reminder! 🥇 Just screenshot the entire post and saved links to note on phone I’m adulting hardcore over here boys  I walked the leash on its own  While ADHD does make you very forgetful, it sounds extremely weird that you walked a leash for 10 minutes before realizing.

Is this a normal thing for you? I'm not a doctor or anything, but this might be something more serious than just being forgetful. [you did indeed](https://youtu.be/i9iq9gdeIE4) I think you may be underestimating the affects of ADHD for some people. Not to mention different presentations/subtypes. I imagine this kind of thing is more common with people who are primarily inattentive. I catch myself doing all kinds of weird derpy stuff all the time and it can be really exasperating. We tend to get distracted more easily, have a harder time focusing/processing the new not-routine thing that threw them off.... which sounds exactly like what was happening here. I imagine their dog is well-behaved and doesn't do any crazy obnoxious behaviors that OP would have missed more quickly (like being pulled down the sidewalk or barking). For me, it would probably have taken location cues such as a busy intersection or stopping at the preferred pee spot in order for me to remember: dog! To me, in the context of ADHD it seems like a reasonable mistake. But in the context of society at large it is pretty alarming (especially in addition to frequency and combined with other issues). Which is why OP probably saw a doctor.... for ADHD..... which is a disorder.... I know that. I also have ADHD. I frequently forget keys, lose items that I forgot where I put, etc. But the idea of not realizing you're not walking your dog seems a lot more serious to me.

Like you said, context is key. You remember you forgot your car keys when you reach your car and try to unlock it, but with a dog the context is ever there - It's an extremely visible MOVING thing, that makes sound and returns force when you try to move it (especially when using a leash). The fact that she didn't notice a change in the environment without the dog is quite alarming to me tbh.

I'm not trying to be pushy about her health or anything by the way. I'm just making her aware of that that forgetting your dog for 10 minutes, when you go out solely for the purpose of walking it, is NOT a normal situation, even among people with ADHD.  