Thank goodness I'm not organized enough to know how much money I've lost from not returning my impulse online purchases on time... Time and time again, I impulsively purchase things online, as many of you can probably relate. My problem is that if they don't work out, I never remember to return them on time (curse you, stores with 30 day return policies... shipping takes time, too! Right?!).  I don't have a UPS store by my house, so if it requires UPS return and won't fit in their drop box, it's basically a lost cause due to both needing to remember, and needing to go out of my way to do it.

I'm over here crossing my fingers my 80$ pair of shoes will be accepted since I *initiated* the return before the window shut, but they're not in the mail yet... Urgh.

Please commiserate, fellow ADHDers. What are your worst expensive mistakes?  I just had to leave about $100 worth of bras at a thrift store because they weren't at all what I expected and I just never got around to putting them in the mail. Thankfully that's the worst that I can think of

Edit: okay, I lied. I left them in the trunk of my car to take to the thrift store and lord knows when they'll actually make it there I tried Stitch Fix boxes (they send you 5 pieces of clothing each month and you send back the ones you don't want). I only managed to send back the extra clothes the first month, so I had to buy all the clothes the next like 7 months, I just finally managed to cancel it. 

The "stylist" kept sending me these notes every month too about how happy they were that I was loving all the clothes she picked to send me. I'm pretty sure I was like her best customer... I have no idea how subscriptions I have bc I signed up for the ‘free’ 30 day trial and never cancelled.  Yeah, this is why I don't buy clothes online. The whole oh you can just return it if it doesn't fit. No. No I can't. I have the opposite problem, I tend to be so conscious of this potential that I spend enough time deliberating to translate this into to a deadline issue, though I'm usually very happy with the purchase itself.

Upside, I don't think I've really regretted any drunk purchases.

EDIT: Thank you for pushing me to buy underwear, lol. :/ I bought a college education in a field I didn't like once. 😓 I started an "Impulse Desires" wishlist on Amazon. Things I think I would love to own, but am not 100% convinced I would purchase. I wait a while (a few days) to see if I still want anything, and purge the list every so often. Thusfar, I've only ever bought three items off the list.  My biggest impulse purchases are basically what happens if you give a 6-year-old more money than they  know what to do with. It's like, I forget to buy socks when I need them, but I've got one of those tipping cow tractor toys from the movie Cars and a bunch of gummy candy shaped like alphabet letters.  Yep. Yep. I drink to forget. /s
 My husband and I both had gym memberships for over a year and we never went to the gym.  I forget to return textbooks I rent from amazon. It’s cost me a few hundred bucks. I’m not proud.  Omg are you me? (I have 3 wedding dresses in my closet from 2 years ago...not SUPER expensive ones but still...) This is my entire life. Special props for those of us who have a particular aversion to the post office or putting things in the mail. I don’t know why it’s so hard. It just is.  I spent $100 on a phone game once.. that.. that was a dark day Oh God, I am awful at this. Roomba. This isn’t exactly forgetting to return something, but my most expensive mistake was loosing my passport that I needed in 3 weeks time and having to spend about $300 to get it in time. I also dropped my Apple Watch over the side of a cruise ship, luckily the cruise ship was designed with covers over the lifeboats and the Apple Watch landed in a lip otherwise i would have been screwed!  😂😂😂 

Thanks for the reminder! I should mail the two giant boxes sitting next to the shoe closet, they seemed to have blended with the surroundings, but I see them now (which might only last for a hot minute).

I prefer to look at the bright side, things that should have been shredded or thrown away but weren't, and ended up being needed. Yeah, thanks proscratination!  Uhhh, I forgot to update my credit card info with ezpass, and it was tax season, so my brain was already overworked (tax accountant at the time). Fun fact, if you ignore those for 30 days, they slap fees on them. So my 2 weeks worth of tunnel tolls, which amounted to \~120 turned into \~$3,000. Unfortunately, I did this 2 more times (cash flow issues), so ended up with over $11,000 debt to ezpass (according to one of the scary "please work with us" letters I received). The next steps were going to be freezing my car registration. My solution? Quit my job, moved to a new state that had public transportation, didn't buy a new car. I don't know what I'm going to do about it. It's been over 4 years, and I'm just crossing my fingers that this debt counts in the 7-year debt, and I can get it off my credit report soon. Because I hate ezpass enough that I don't want to work a deal out with them. I was planning on paying the tolls, then requesting abatement of the fees, but their policies stated that any payment was considered acknowledgment of the entire debt, so I refused. It doesn't even worry me any more, used to make me white knuckle and almost pass out. But I figure I'm far enough removed from them that there isn't much they could do to fuck with me now.

the expensive part was: pulling money out of long term savings for my apartment deposit/last month, losing money on the sale of my 1.5 year old car (the sale didn't quite cancel out the loan), u-haul, storage facility, etc, etc.  Thankfully I've been able to return all my bad decision purchases but it still bothers me that I've returned over $1000 in stuff so far this year. I just returned a $500 PS4 a few days ago because I changed my mind. This year alone I've also retuned a Nintendo Switch and 3DS. Millions of dollars of library fines... I had a huge problem with Kickstarter for a long time. I think I backed about 20 things in one year, fairly deeply. Most of them have delivered from that time with the last coming soon. I seem to be a lot less impulsive with treatment so far, which has been nice for my wallet. I now own way too many video games that I originally rented for what was supposed to be a couple nights.  Once it becomes the choice between returning it for $40 or owning it for another $20, I usually just go for the latter.  Worst mistake was my in-store "about to close for the night" 3 piece furniture set impulse buy...from a store that doesn't deliver furniture!  Took about a month trying to find "cheaper" movers for 3 pieces of furniture, never found anyone, and ended up having to pay more and go back to the store just to pay their "contracted mover" aka a guy and his son, to move the sofa, loveseat and reclining rocker up a flight of steps into my 1 bdr apartment.  Within a week I a) changed my mind, and b) realized I forgot cats have sharp claws and c) realized my cat put holes in every piece of brown leather I bought :/ plus I wasn't going to pay someone again just move the stuff back out to try to return it since the return window closed and I knew it had little cat nail shaped holes in it.  I did buy insurance on it during initial impulse buy but never got around to finding out whether they could fix the holes.  Now I just don't use that room lol.
For clothes and shoes I buy that I need to return, I make sure as soon as I get it in the mail I write the total $ amount and latest return date really big on a big piece of paper and tape it up near the clothes that are inevitably piled up in a box on the floor waiting to be tried.  That way I see the amount of money that I will lose by that date. When I finally decide I'll return it, I just put the returns in a big trash bag with the total $ amount I'd get back and latest return date (minus 1 week) on a piece of paper taped to the bag and put the whole bag by the front door. I see it every time I leave and on a particularly broke day I get the motivation to get the money back lol.  Also I try to never shop anywhere with only 30 days to return.  If it's a 30 day return date it better be a store nearby so me or my husband can run it there before they close last minute.  I should never buy furniture on impulse, that's always my biggest mistake lol. I came to realize yesterday I was still paying renters insurance for the apartment I haven't lived in for 7 months. So, roughly $100 down the drain. The agent on the phone laughed, and it made me feel better because she said I'm not the only who does this. Sometimes it goes much longer, 7 months actually aint too bad! At least I realized it eventually. Thank god I also shop at thrift stores and exchange clothing with neighbors... cause holy hell I forget about returns, or I buy things thinking I’ll totally wear them, fully in denial about the fact that I have similar items I never wear or that I just... won’t. I bought $200 worth of bionicles on ebay for the nostalgia. Havent touched them since. I think it's important to remember that stores do not have a 30 days return policy. They might say they have, you might even be able to return an item to the store within 30 days, but if you have ADHD work under the assumption that they don't

Oh and the 24 hour rule, always remember the 24 hour rule. Put it in big neon letters above your computer and in your wallet. If you have the impulse to buy something wait 24 hours before you do.  Shhhhhhh it's too real My biggest problem is my impulsivity for the little things.  I feel like I am not spending much, but in reality I check my bank statements and realize I spent $100+ in a month on gas stations drinks, snacks, etc. I have to stop this, because my husband and I are buying a home and we need to save money for a down payment.  It's so hard when we are hard-wired for impulsivity. Oh, and don't even get me started on thrift stores.  They are the bane of my existence and the death of my bank account balance. I had been renting a storage unit when I first moved. Finally got everything out of the storage unit, pulled the locks, and left a letter in the mailbox at the main office requesting to terminate my rental.

Well I guess no one ever saw the letter or they forgot I'd submitted it or they just never took me off autopay because $65 kept coming out of my account every month. And I kept thinking "I need to remember to call" but then I'd forget until the next time it came out of my account.

This went on for about nine months until my bank card expired. Haven't heard about it or seen a charge since. Same. Anything requiring returning, mailing things, period, bills, period, overdraft charges, foregoing medical reimbursement because I missed the deadline to submit receipts. So much money lost/donated/forfeited. Been banned from my library because of lost books and fines. ADHD is expensive.  What about those Oral-B bluetooth toothbrushes with that smiley timer and and app. They advertised it with a 100$ cashback, but I never got the cashback because it was too much work and I'll do it "tomorrow". 😕 I dont vape but one day I bought their flagship vape with real gold buttons and then broke it and then took it apart to fix it and then forgot about it. Sometimes I think my ADHD isn't so bad, but I'm hearing my own story and I'm not quite sure Started playing world of war planes, ordered joy stick. Got bored of game by the time it arrived. Joystick is still in box in my room. It’s July and I have a ecobee thermostat in my office waiting to be send back to the manufacturer for a warranty replacement that happened during a snowstorm =\ Plenty of mistakes in my life, but this time I actually have a Prime Day success story.  

I love smoking meat.  Amazon had a Traeger pellet smoker that is usually $700 on sale for under $500 (30% off). I had enough available balance on my credit card, and I realllly want a good pellet smoker, so I bought it.

2 hours later, my brain was rolling around like usual, jumping from subject to subject in that really annoying way, when I realized that with one purchase I had erased several months of working hard to pay down my credit card. So I logged back into Amazon and cancelled the smoker. Several days later and the proud voice is still louder than the "Dude, that was the best price EVER" voice.  Uhhhhhh .......Everyone does this? Right? Pls? I just realized  the other day that I have been paying for an Audible subscription for the past three months. I didn't even sign up for the free trial, it came along with something else and I was required to sign up to get the bonus. I never even used it once!

I should know better by now. In your defense, you ARE taking them to the thrift store.... it's just a very, very long trip, with many detours and breaks.  There’s a bra exchange subreddit (r/braswap, I think?), so if you’re going to donate them anyway, you might find somebody who could actually use the ones you’ve got. r/abrathatfits has a fantastic database of sizes and shapes and brands and what fits what type of body and what doesn’t.  Isn’t this like 1.5 bras?  Honestly not that bad bringing to a thrift store. I donated like $300 worth of very new clothes recently. Makes me feel good that someone with lower income than me will be able to buy a pretty dress or blouses and not have to pay much :) Oh my goodness, this is what would happen to me 100%.  Props to you for canceling! That's a struggle in and of itself.

The stylist probably wondered what went wrong when you finally canceled. "But they loved *everything*..."  I almost forgot to return my $1500 Trunk Club box full of clothes in the wrong size yesterday. I had already had an extension too lol. Would’ve been an expensive mistake. Luckily, trunk club allows you to return after purchase, but it takes like 3-5 days to see the return.  I did Curology, a subscription for prescription face cream (my formula had retinol in it and it was cheaper than getting it at a pharmacy) and laxed off on my skincare routine. Took me like 6 months to cancel. I have a ton of the stuff now and have persistently been too apathetic,  depressed, and distracted to deal with a long skincare routine. This is my personal hell I did this with stamps. com never canceled it an paid for it for 6 months then I called and ask if I can get a refund  because I never used it and the lady laughed at me  You just reminded me I should check my kindle unlimited subscription. I signed up when it was $1 a month With some of the free TV trials you can cancel it immediately after signing up and it will still run it's 30 day course with no repercussions. If you're actually interested in clearing all that up, get an app like Mint or Clarity Money. Super easy to set up, and has a ton of other features like insights into spending by category. I used it and realized I've had a Hulu subscription for like 2 years because I signed up for the trial and never cancelled.  I had a $20-30/mo sling TV subscription by accident. Signed up for a free trial and cancelled it after and then forgot to check my email to make sure it cancelled. Yup, paid for 7 months of that crap without realizing it. I probably forgot to click submit. Lol I bought a four year degree in graphic design and a 2 year cosmetology program but only completed 93ish percent of each... Nice! I do the same thing. It kinda  scratches that shopping/buying/I wanna reward myself feeling. Then I use my mighty powers of distraction and forgetfulness and then never go back till like 2 months later. My vice is Steam and the PlayStation store though lol I do this too! The act of adding it to the list feels like buying it to me, if I’m not actively anticipating it to arrive and actually forgot about it, I didn’t really want it. If I just can’t stop “needing” it, I buy it. HUndreds of items “bought”, thousands of dollars saved. Lol. That sounds like an amazing idea Someone once described my house as a museum. Everywhere you turn something awesome can be found. I regret no individual purchases.

I deeply regret not saving more money though. "Do I need a toucan skull on my bookshelf? No. Oh my god I have a toucan skull on my bookshelf aaah so awesome!"

I feel you! When the time comes to buy something I need, nope lol I bought something awesome instead. Same here. Of all the college textbooks I've rented (about 6 or 7 maybe?) I've only managed to return one, and that's because I stumbled upon it while cleaning. I also owe the library about $45 because I forgot to return some books, and now I have to buy them. Whoops. I have two returns right now I need to get in the mail totalling over $100. I've been procrastinating dropping them off at UPS for a month and now today's the last day I can get them in the mail.... And I don't wanna lol (but I will make myself). Do they work? I want one... Oh God, this too. I have the robotic, "items overdue" voicemail message from the library in the county I grew up in  memorized by heart, and can recite it with exact tone and rhythm 10 years after moving away.... Yeah, it could definitely be worse, but when my meds wear off and I am playing on my phone at 1 in the morning things... just kind of happen... 

Glad you are doing better! Not to *totally* enable you, but I think funding Kickstarters is cool at least. Helping someone make their vision a reality is always neat :)  Omg you are me  Lol probably true... I was super proud of myself for finally canceling tho! It’s ADD tax. “Hey maybe this will change my entire life!” -3 months later “why the hell am I paying Ancestry.com $30/month....” Ugh I just paid for 3 months of Audible after my trial because I kept forgetting. The worst part is I actually discovered that I HATE audio books... If you didn't do it after you posted, do it when you see this reply!  Yes and I think all iPhone apps too! It's a rule that apps have to allow you to cancel right away, but then you can still complete the trial. I do this all the time. But certain things, like audible, take away your credits if you cancel. So by the time I realized I had been paying for audible the past 3 months, I had acquired $45 worth of credits and canceling would have immediately deleted them all. So I spent the next few weeks narrowing down books and almost missed the deadline again haha! I think it's so wrong that amazon does that though, because I technically paid $15 for each credit, so I should get to keep them indefinitely, even if it takes me a few years to find books I want to use them on... This so much!! I’m 2 English classes away from my aa Haha another great thing to do is go back through all of your old purchases! I did that the other day (8 years of history) and saw all the stupid shit I had been buying that I literally maybe used once then forgot about. I love the Portlandia skit about this called "Instant Garbage" lol [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i03WovKzW8w](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i03WovKzW8w) We are twins! (Almost) Everyone says my house looks like a museum too! I've always been a big fan of decorating my room/house to look like a movie set or now that I'm older, a museum lol. I have 5 skulls, including a little beaver skull on one of my shelfs and a taxidermy alligator head! 

I also am always the one to buy weird toys and stuffed animals along with themed novelty items for every party/occasion I attend. 4th of July party? I have glow sticks, fireworks, hats, shirts, balloons, and American flag popup trash bins. It's august and you're having a BBQ? I'll bring the inflatable pineapple drink holders that no one asked for. Movie night? I'll come fully decked out in costume with themed snacks, cups and straws. I'll even shop for all my friend's costumes too and spend money on them that I don't have haha. But, to be fair, I've been hired now for party planning several times so have kind of broken even...

I also regret none of my purchases. I did turn my hobby of finding unique "treasures" into an Etsy shop though, so I have less guilt about it now... Lol I definitely relate to all of this, but now I want a toucan skull. 🤣 You can do it! I believe in you!  I love my Neato!  Less work for me & a cleaner house overall.  Plus, it adds motivation for me to keep the floors clear.   I bought a knock off from Amazon, it seems like it could work but a year later I still never programmed the darn thing!   I love my roomba. Roomba always has my back and is the first thing I’m saving if there’s a fire.  I guess they do. When I get my house organized enough that the thing will actually be able to move, I'll let you know. It would do, but mine couldn't detect the sofa because the top of it is higher than the sensors, but lower than it's overall height. It also couldn't see the 3/4" high lip before the balcony door.

So useless to me, not useless for other people perhaps I still totally dig Kickstarter conceptually. I mostly focused on miniature and tabletop RPG games. I have *so* many miniatures to paint! And I don't even have a game group to really play with (job with weird hours) so, it's a little silly after a point.

I haven't gone cold turkey on Kickstarters (right now there are 8 that I would love to throw in on. Only throwing in on one or two though, and low levels at that). But, I've definitely had that "1 AM, what did I do?!" moment. The ONLY way I can evade this form of ADD taxation is by setting reminders in my phone to cancel the fucking thing a week before it is necessary, and even then, it must be cancelled the MOMENT that notice pops up on my phone. 

OTOH I had to clear out like 16 reminders in my phone from various things where I saw the notification, acted on it... But never cleared out the notice, so they started accumulating in my phone calendar. I saw the number and got really freaked out until I opened them and realized they were reminders for appointments, cancellations,and homework reminders from like 8 months ago. Lol. > 3 months later “why the hell am I paying Ancestry.com $30/month....”

GOD BLESS YOU. I got an email reminder yesterday that my Ancestry subscription was going to be renewing at the end of the month and I forgot to sign on and cancel it right when I read the email and I totally would have forgotten completely if it weren't for you.  I just posted that I did the same thing! I never even used it once! Really? I thought I didn't like audio books. It turns out I was just listening to shitty books or bad narrators.  I did as I was replying! I have to August 3. And set an note with alarm to remind me  I'm like one semester shy of a BS in public health. Check out skullsunlimited!  I did it! Even got my grocery shopping done too. Yes! I have one set for November from 1.5 years ago. I bought 2 years of a VPN service for a banging deal but if I don’t cancel the new rate is crazy. And I tried to close a bank account recently. It’s like playing whack a mole to find all the stuff I was paying on that account lol.  I actually loved the narrator and the book that I downloaded, but I have severe ADHD (more than most) when it comes to listening, so found it even more difficult to listen than to just read. (I usually have to read most pages twice...with the audio books I just kept zoning out for up to 15 minutes at a time, then I'd listen for maybe 30 secs after rewinding and then zone out again lol) But I'll definitely try again to see if maybe it was just the wrong type of book for me to listen to, despite thoroughly enjoying it when reading it. I did download 3 horror books that I paid $15 each for, so at some point I'm gonna have to try those and get my $45 worth haha. I think I'll prefer those on audio more than the historical novel I tried first...  well, there goes my money. (Waves) 🤣 *internet high fives* I am the same way with books. I used to not be very much into reading since I would never finish a book. Then I found an author and books I really liked. Still takes me several months to read a whole book since I only do a couple pages a day.  