how the FUCK do I stop losing/forgetting things? EDIT: thank you all so much for your answers, I've read them all, although I'm too anxious to answer. you all gave very solid advice that I'm trying to implement into my life. you are the best. 

this isn't fucking funny anymore. I just realized that on my way from my friend's house I lost a blanket that was a gift from a close friend, and it's REALLY hard to block the hatred that I am having towards myself!! 

i lose a wallet once every few months, and i lost ANOTHER one (with my debit cards, discount cards, an authograph from my favorite musician) just a few days ago, and this keeps happening for about 2,5 years already and it's driving me mad!!!!! i lost an ipod, my favorite toy, a few scarfs/hats, lots of wallets, a drum and lots of other things I probably don't remember about. 

I try as hard as I can not to lose things, I religiosly check my pockets every few minutes and yet still I manage to forget stuff. to better understand the situation, here's a redent example:

A show is starting in one hour, I'm in a hurry because I'm already getting late. My friend messages  me and says that he isn't going and i should give his ticket to somebody i know. Cool. I get on the bus, use my wallet to enter, and the only thing that's on my mind is "WHO DO I GIVE THE TICKET TO", while I'm chaotically call all of my friends to ask. When I get off the bus, I automatically check if my wallet is in place and it's not. I left it on the bus and there is no way to get it back now. Fucking awesome. 

The thing is, I can prevent myself from losing stuff sometimes, but most of the times my mind is so far away from what's happening at the moment that I don't even consider that something might be wrong. 


Please help me. This is driving me mad and makes me hate myself more than it should.  You have to be in the moment. It takes practice, but that has helped me tremendously (still not perfect). I also try to carry everything in one bag, so I only have to check for one thing. In addition (I just made this comment on another post), I've learned to always pause and look behind me when transitioning from one space to another, so I look back at the kitchen to make sure the stove is off, at the shelf my purse/phone live on when I go out, my front door as I leave the house, my place at the table when leaving a restaurant, my seat and the floor when exiting a cab, etc...

tl;dr Live in the moment, and always pause to look behind you. I physically attach them to me.

So i keep all cards in my phone case.  my phone is pretty much always in my hand, but also it has a lanyard that i can put around my neck if that gets awkward.  or tie around the strap of my bag.  the lanyard also wraps around the case to make a little handle so it's easier to hold then just in my hand if i'm not using it.

i also have my keys and bus pass on a lanyard, that lives near my bedroom door.  if i'm not wearing it, i attach it to my bag.  

I have a spot in my house near the door that i keep everything i'll need when i leave the house.  Every morning one of my daily tasks is to actually pack my bag with the things i'll need later.

i also have a fluro yellow pencil case i carry with me all the time with small always useful things that i will never remember to independantly pack (hair brush, hair ties, spare key, spare meds, spare bank card/bus pass, eye drops, ear plugs, headphones, contact lenses, cash)  

The struggle is real my friend <3 [Tile was a game changer for me](https://www.thetileapp.com/en-gb/) - have one on keys, one on work ID and one in wallet. Still leave shit behind, but at least I can know for certain that I have.  The only way is to develop habits that make it nearly impossible to lose the important stuff. I never lock my car door by pushing the button down because then I could lock my keys in the car. As long as the keys are in my hand when I lock the door, I cannot get locked out. 

Keys are always in my purse and my checkbook with credit cards and licence is always in the current purse I am carrying. In a checkout line everyone has to wait while I put the credit card in its slot, no dropping it in the purse or putting it in my pocket. 

I still lose things in my house all the time and I might as well not try to take home leftovers from restaurants because I always for get them but at least I never lose the checkbook, keys or credit cards anymore. People have kind of said these things already but I have a few things I do so that I rarely lose things even though I can be very forgetful and unobservant.

Anytime I leave somewhere, I go through a mental checklist. Wallet, keys, and phone are always at the top of the list. Then it’s “where am I going, and what do I need for that?” Going to the gym, need my wallet, keys, phone, shaker and FOB to get in. Got those, good. Leaving work - I have my purse, keys, and phone, did the deposit, filled out paperwork, turned off lights, locked the door. Done, awesome. Take a long moment and go over *everything.* Twice if you have to. Physically look at and/or touch the things you need to have with you for confirmation.

I also keep most important things on my person, or all together. I almost always carry a purse, so if my phone is not in my hand or pocket, it’s in my purse. If I’m not using my keys, they’re clipped to my purse strap. Wallet always stays in my purse unless I’m actively using it. If you’re not a purse person, those little drawstring gym bags work great too. It’s just easier to keep track of one big thing than a bunch of little things.

Don’t ever set something down somewhere random and take your eyes off of it. You’ll forget where you put it immediately, I speak from experience, I lose my phone in my house all the time because I’m not really vigilant about keeping track of it there.

That’s about all I got, not losing things is the one ADHD struggle I’ve actually got a decent handle on. Don't let yourself go on autopilot, and practice mindfulness and situational awareness. Being alert and present in the moment helps me tremendously in not losing the important stuff.  Understand that it's not a memory problem but a focus problem. You don't have trouble recalling where you left something but you never registered it in the first place.

The solution is conscious registration of where you place things through focus and being in the moment (hard because ADHD) or having a system that works mindlessly like having a fixed place for everything and being anal about it (if it doesn't always work it won't work when you need it the most). 

Secondly you can know where something is (either in the system or because you consciously registered it) but forget to take it with you. Here you can apply the same methods. Be in the moment when leaving a place and consider what to take or have a system that is foolproof (standard checklist or always take x item with you, again be anal about it).

Lastly try to recognise high risk situations where you will likely fuck up. New or high pressure situations are when you get more distracted. Also if someone is talking to you as you are leaving a place you will fuck up so either politely ask for a moment of scilence or finish talking before you leave.

Hope this helps. For me recognizing why I forget things and not getting too frustrated with my lack of focus because it's part of me already helped a lot.  To not lose my keys i bought a very bright keychain and something i use all the time also on it  I lose sun glasses like no other. Lost my beer last night, found it when I felt a wet spot on the bed and it had just spilled without me knowing cuz I literally forgot it was right next to me.

I totally feel your anger and frustration. The only thing that works for me is making sure I put important things in the exact same place every time I put them somewhere. Doesn't always work, forgot my wallet when i went to cafe today, but it helps most of the time. If you dont want to lose everything..

Have nothing Keys.  I have forgotten them so many times that I have finally drilled it into myself to check before I lock my car or lock the door. The keys have to be in my hand every single time. Every time. The same for the phone, only slightly less urgent. But I'm also lucky I am a woman and I carry a purse where I can stuff it in there and double check to make sure it's there. Also, my keys are on a lanyard, so they are easy to spot in my purse.

My parents have this car that has some kind of keyless entry fob that you don't actually have to put in a key hole to get in or push any buttons. It can fit in your pocket or in the bottom of the purse and your door will still open. I looked at that and immediately went oh, hell no.  It would be pointless for me because I absolutely have to have the key in my hand before I lock the door.

I still forget things a lot. The best thing I learned to do for myself is not to beat myself up when it happens. Besides learning some coping strategies, that's really all I can do for myself. And it's good advice anyway. We just have to accept what we can't change about ourselves or our circumstances. And it is possible to do that.

I wish you luck.  We *can* overcome this. YES ACTUALLY GETTING IN THE HABIT OF LOOKING IS SO GOOD.

The number of times my phone has been sitting on the chair of a restarant.

(still roughly equals the number of times restaurant staff chase after me to bring me my phone) Always pausing to look behind you is definitely key. Whenever I leave my house I know I need 5 min just to slowly go through all the places I frequently have stuff to not only find the stuff I know I need but to double check everywhere to hopefully see the things that I didn't remember I needed or didn't already have in my bag.
Even doing that I can't count the number of times I'll walk out of the house get 50 ft and have to stop to check in my bag to check if I had something I needed that just popped in my head
The worst is the times when I distinctly remembered to get the thing only to half forget whether or not I did or didn't only minutes later "The power of now" by Eckhart Tolle helped me with being in the moment.   ahahahha the number of times i have lost things that i am LITERALLY TOUCHING.

Like.... let's clean my room for three hours looking for the outline for my essay i need to do.  give up and complain to partner.  find outline on my bed, where i was sitting, and where i knew it would probably be, but didn't look first bc ??????? Lol yes, I was my bf's panic searched the whole house for my keys and the whole time they were in plain sight on the bed. Lol YUUUUUP.

I have mine on a bright red lanyard that lives on a key next to my door. i'm so glad i don't drive though.  at least house keys i can replace easily :P I lost my keys in my room last Friday (I keep my car key separate so its not as big a deal) told my bf I lost them last night. He tells me to check my room so I check the same place I've been checking since I lost them and suddenly I find them. 

Another time I literally left them hanging out of the lock on my safe and couldn't find them. He walks in and finds them immediately. I keep a bright orange monkey fist knot on it to make it easier to find but it doesn't always help (hook next to door rather) 