ADHD costs me a lot of money! Pls share your expensive fails so I know I'm not alone :) I use a car co-op and I forget to 'fob out' or I forget that I only booked the car to an earlier time than I need it or I simply just lose track of time. I just got a $35 charge for not 'fobbing out'. And I get charged $25 every time I go over the time I've booked. 

I forget to pay rent and get charged $35 late fee, same with paying tuition and bills that cannot be automatic withdrawals. 

I have forgotten to send in thousands of dollars worth of medical receipts to get reimbursed from my insurance.

I have forgotten or been unable (due to lack of self-activation) to get my ex's retirement savings transferred to me (settlement, we get along fine now) so I've lots thousands in interest.

Those are the biggies. But there are so many daily things - like forgetting things at the cheap store so I have to buy it at the local expensive store. Or like being so late I have to book a car. Or missing an appointment where they charge you if you miss. Or forgetting to cash a cheque so any automatic withdrawals get bounced for NSF and thus charged both by the business and the bank.

Please let me know I'm not alone! I'm feeling rather defeated at the moment :(  ETA: I am living on the poverty line with three kids so I should not be making these mistakes because they affect my kids' wellbeing, hence my feeling of utter defeat. Oh god. I won't return ANYTHING. Doesn't matter if it's the wrong size, how expensive it was, whatever. I won't return it. 

Not to mention buying stuff because I lost it or forgot it. Or late fees..................... Not sure what the worst was, I'll have to think about it So long story short, I bought an airplane
And offered to buy some go pro's from a stranger online I think the small stuff has been my worse. Like eating out every day cause I can't plan for making dinner and getting food to bring to work. The cost is like 10 dollars instead of 2-3... And these "lets order take out", lets have an ice-cream or I neeeeeed a cookie and a tea out today... 

So many "it can't wait".

Now I started taking meds so I think it is changing. But bills are automatic all at the same date, two days after payday. Trying to keep it supersimple.

And oh I use YNAB, best ever. It turns budget for me into a little game. How much can I save this week? It is awesome for me as I can plan and see how much I can spend, painless, ahead of time. So there is at least a chance to think before acting. Lets see I few manic type episodes cost me a high paying job. Then 5 years in college with the inability to do class work and work. Then excepting a job with the government because I prefer stability over pay because of my rapid changing in concentration. So far loss of $60k a year during school + $50k for school. So far $350k in lost wages and expenses to go to school then I take a job at $40k a year so +$10 for every year. Now to add on top of that I've turned down several jobs in the $120k year range because of my fear. I'm medicated but when you add the talkativeness and ability to insult on demand its best to stay in the low paying job but have a job


 Forgot about Pandora yearly sub. 

They charge me when my account is dry. Wells fargo forwards the money from my savings, plus a fee.

My savings is dry. All those aforementioned moneys are forwarded from my credit card, plus a fee. 

My credit card is dry. It tries to pull from my checking account which is dry. All the aforementioned money is sent down the line, plus a fee, plus another fee for the dry checking account. 

The next month I didn't have enough to cover the overages, so they gave me the wells-roll again. 

Pandora cost like $500 that year.  I've mostly got it under control now, but when I was a younger man, I would get interested in different hobbies over and over, buy all the best equipment I could afford, and then lose interest. I would also never get around to selling off the equipment when I lost interest.

I've never in my life made a bill payment on time when left entirely to my own devices. If you have this problem, hire someone to handle your personal finances or marry someone who's good with that. It is very easy to get yourself into significant financial trouble without ever even living beyond your means. Spent $7,000 to start a business to purchase materials and resources. Procrastinated in actually getting business in the short time period I had to get it running. I now have $3,000 in GoPros and I don't need $3,000 in GoPros. Anyone want to buy a lightly used GoPro... or 6? I used to have to re-certify my income for my student loans on a yearly basis.  I never remembered, always somehow ignored the emails they sent me that said I had to do x by y deadline and my income based repayment would expire. My payment would go from $185 ish to $450 ish which they would automatically debit from my account, then I would have to call them and they would allow me to send in my information but until they approved it I would have to pay the higher payment. That used to cost me around a thousand dollars or so every August and September for like 3 years. Thankfully that problem solved itself when they started importing my tax info automatically.   Oh my god you are so not alone. 

I recently lost out on $1,000 in travel reimbursements because I kept forgetting/ avoiding uploading my receipts to my job's reimbursement site until after the deadline had past. (I'm in the process of getting another $600 in reimbursements back because a very nice person in the payroll office agreed to help me out but I keep forgetting to work on that).

I paid over $300 extra because I booked a cross-country flight for the wrong weekend and just lost the entire cost of the ticket and had to rebook. This was particularly frustrating because I'd put the date in my calendar over 6 months before then but had somehow entered the date wrong. 

I left a couple of hundred dollars of cash in a parking lot when the money fell off my lap as I got out of a car and I just didn't notice. (And let me note that I had a couple hundred in cash because I pay with cash now in an effort to avoid racking up more credit card debt via impulse spending).

I lost a $600 security deposit on an apartment so bad I almost died from carbon monoxide poisoning because I forgot/ avoided the conflict required to get my money long enough that the slumlord/ landlord had a chance to change his number and location.

All of those things happened in the past two years.

That's ignoring the 4 car accidents I've been in, the thousands of dollars of interest and fees I've paid on credit cards, the 3 lost and/ or broken and/ or drowned smartphones, the I-don't-even-know-how-many subscriptions I've paid for just because I signed up for a free trial of something and forgot to cancel, the heap of clothes I've bought online because there were free returns but then either forgot to return the ones I couldn't afford before the 90 day limit or just had no impulse control and kept everything, the countless meals I've ruined because I literally just forgot I was cooking something or couldn't remember whether I'd added an ingredient or not--which reminds me of the time I came back from another room to find the stove engulfed in flame because I'd left stuff on it after turning it on. 

Again, I say, you are not alone at all. You are in fact standing in a very large room full of people just like you, all frustrated and guilty and discouraged and just trying to do better. Do what you can to improve, but in the mean time go easy on yourself.  I forgot to submit my tuition reimbursements for work because they make the process sooooo complicated and I didn't get a follow up on any questions so I forgot. And then it was too late. And I did it again.

So there's 6 grand down the drain.

One time I couldn't get my insurance paid because my finances were a mess and I got t-boned while it was lapsed and that cost me $22,000 and like 5 years to sort out.

Also late fees. Late fees everywhere. Personal and payday loans because my accounts are about to go red and something is going to get shut off.

It's like the world is designed to bleed all my money. I make good money but I'm always broke. I would probably be a millionaire if I wasn't such a complete and utter fuckup.

 LATE FEES!

I forget bills. All of em. Luckily my wife can handle it, but then I'll think bills are covered and tighten the budget.

Bank overdraft protection at 30 a pop sucks... When I was married I was in charge of finances. Hahahaha. My idea of being in charge was to put them into a Banker's Box with a lid. Then forget. Including letters from the IRS. And student loans.

That is my short version on how Student Loans can go from $70,000 to $145,000.

(I also failed to file taxes one year. That number grew to SEVEN years.) You are far from alone! Last week I got 1/2 way through taking my Adderall, got distracted, put it down on counter, and immediately forgot about it. Came home many hours later to find my cat high as kite. That's how I discovered that cats LOVE Adderall. His 2 day stay at the emergency vet hospital came out to $1300. 

I forget to stop at the cheaper gas station literally every time. I have forgotten to pay bills more times than I could count. My boyfriend also has ADHD (its wonderful being the same kind of crazy) and forgot to pay the rent for 3 months. I drained my entire checking account, and most of my checking account, paying it all to my landlord the day he came to deliver the eviction notice. 

I personally cannot handle any automatic payment options unless its under $50. Instead I set reminders on my phone to go off a week before every bill is due. I also have a monthly calendar on my fridge with all the bill due dates. As soon as my paycheck clears I try to look at anything that is due before my next paycheck and take care of it before I spend it all on cat toys and food I didn't need to buy. My ADHD scares the shit out of me when it comes to money and forgetfulness.  A few days ago was the grand opening for the pub I work at as exec chef.  I've spent upwards of $30k of *someone else's* money with thankfully zero misspent funds. I'm so sick of appointments. It's like everything with appointments is 25% more expensive because I miss appointments. I'm not scheduling them until the last minute now. Done with therapy altogether. It's impossible. 

Video rental people don't want to send me another envelope. I can't send them back if they don't. There's no way I'm going to get to a shipping place to do that. Even if I didn't live in the middle of nowhere now. For all the months I pay and don't send them back I think they can send me a damn envelope. I'm arguing with them.

Never remember to return things. Never remember rebates. No tax refunds. 

Forgot stuff and ruined my credit, makes everything more expensive every month.

There's so much. I once managed to rack up 9 late clock-ins at my job.  Over a six month period.  When writing me up for Number 9, my boss said "look, Cheerful, I like you and you do a great job.  But if you're tardy again before some of these tardies fall off*, I'm not going to be allowed to keep you on".

(Our company had a policy that tardies or absences "fall off" after six months)

I realized a few days later that I was definitely going to be late, for the tenth time in six months.  So I had to call in sick.  My boss wasn't there, so I had to talk to *her* boss who was just about sick of my shit and insisted that I bring in a doctors note or get fired.

So I had to go to the doctor pleading stomach issues.  That cost $150 for the doctor visit.  Doctor put my return-to-work day as two days later.  So instead of missing 10 minutes of work I paid $150 for the privilege of missing 16 hours of work (unpaid).

But I still have my job, so there's that. "OMG, I still haven't bought the tickets for this gig I really want to go! Alright, stop procrastinating foodmantra, it's time to buy it!"

The day of  the gig finally comes. I then open up Gmail, looking for the ticket to print it.

"Oh, here it is...Wait...why do I have another mail with the same subject?"

Totally forgot I've bought the same ticket a week before.
At least, I was able to sell it back to someone for about a couple of beers. Probably my biggest one is getting a car parking fine which I completely forgot about. Alongside this, I also moved house and didn't update my car details with the car registration agency (DVLA for us in the UK).

Due to not updating my address, escalating car park fines were being sent to my old address which ended up in a phone call from my previous landlord due to a bailiff knocking on the door of my previous address at 6am and waking up the new tenants who had nothing to do with it. What was originally a £35 fine ended up being £422 once bailiff fees were added.

Having to pay a full years worth of council tax (around £2000) at once due to constantly forgetting to pay the monthly installments.

Alongside this, countless late fee charges and never returning things that I purchase but don't actually want/need. 

 I left a startup early where not too long after I joined I was being groomed to be CEO. That business is now worth > $1 billion. When I left, I'd already fucked up my chances of being CEO, but still if I'd just been able to stick around another 5 years I'd have about a $10 million windfall right about now... $28,000= unfinished master's degree (completed all coursework, but dropped out in final term, due to inability to complete thesis revisions. 15 years later, still paying off those loans... I didn't know I had ADHD until three years ago. When I finally was tested, it sure explained quite a bit about me! Where do I start? Everything from years and thousands of dollars "getting a business up and running" and never getting there, to walking off and leaving $170 sticking out of an ATM. I make enough to cover my bills comfortably and still chunk a bit away in savings.  I've also had my water turned off multiple times this year due to non-payment.  That's always a fun reminder to pay that bill. Ugh... Do you mean my $90 dance shoes? What about my $100 sunglasses? And let's not forget that one semester in college that cost me $30k :| Just two examples: (1) Bought a plane ticket for sometime in December, arrived at airport, was told it was scheduled for the next year...had to buy another ticket.
(2) Bought brand new $600 motorcycle helmet ca$h, went on a 2nd date with very hot girl, so hyperfocused on her that I layed that helmet down on the sidewalk to tie my shoes and kept on walking with her to another place to later realize I had left my new helmet behind...minutes later I realized it...and was nowhere to be found...ever again.  Good news is she became my girl friend and has been till present day. I have 700+ games on steam, I compulsively buy bundles and sales and.then never play them Spoiled food, that always gets me. It's caused me to make lots of impulsive purchases over the last few years racking up quite a bit of debt. The worst one was a $1000 bike that I have yet to even use! [deleted] Two things:
Hobbies
Library/late fees

When shopping, I'm inherently cheap, sometimes. Other times I convince myself it's worth it to spent that $200 on that thing I will use once. 

For example, right now I'm weirdly into fashion. On the plus side, this could supply me with a timeless wardrobe I will fit in for years, since they are quality pieces and I've stopped growing. This got me a $125+ dress that I would have been super upset to pass over and at least a dozen people have commented made me look like Marilyn Monroe. On the other side, I've worn that dress, and most of the rest of my new wardrobe, once. They will be out of fashion soon, and I've already returned to my wardrobe of sweats and sweaters everyday anyway. I can feel my interest start to wane. Hobbies is honestly where I spend most of my money.

Also being super disorganised makes it hard for me to pack food or remember to bring lunch. I eat out a lot. This costs me, easily, $100s every month.  Oh yeah! The returns! omg. Ugh. Thank you for sharing :) Haha. Did you really buy an airplane? It's also that over eating shit with instant gratification.  Ugh, yeah. Student loans for years past when most people would have finished... close to $100k. 

Last week I finally went to register with my disability office. I started my PhD in 2008. Turns out, I could have been paying an adjusted tuition based on my actual ability to progress and my official amount of time to complete this degree would also have been adjusted so on paper it wouldn't look like it's taken me over 8 years to finish - because I don't operate at other people's full-time threshold. 

Now that I'm diagnosed and I know I'm not going to snap out of this finally and see the light and suddenly function like neurotypicals, I'm beginning to feel like I just need a job that I can sustain. There's no way I can be an academic with all the responsibilities! What is Pandora? I hate constant financial chaos :(  I've done with this Wells Fargo, they really do charge an ungodly amount of money as punishment for not having any money don't they?  I got charged 198 from godaddy for a website service I never used and signed up to get swagbucks. Luckily the girl was super fucking nice to me refunded everything for me. Yeah I am pm me details What are you asking for them? Similar here! Student loans don't accrue interest as long as you're a student (Canada). But I used to have to submit a form each year to show I was still a f/t student. Inevitably, I would do the same as you - forget, ignore letters in the mail, emails - and interest would start accumulating. You get 6 months after you stop school before you have to start to pay. 

So once it came close to 6 months and they started sending bigger, more complicated stuff in the mail with actual monthly costs, I would finally get my act in gear and send in the form. I never got that accrued interest back :( AND THE PARKING TICKETS. I FORGOT ABOUT ALL THE PARKING TICKETS. Shitty stuff :( >It's like the world is designed to bleed all my money.

It is. Those payday loans are the worst. I once had four of them at the same time. >Last week I got 1/2 way through taking my Adderall, got distracted, put it down on counter, and immediately forgot about it.

Classic.

I'm glad your cat is okay. This is my nightmare. Yeah, glad your cat is fine, but that is a perfect adhd story :P So much, yup :( haha I'm essentially in my 9th year of my PhD and just go diagnosed in Sept. Yup, it sure explains my 9 years! So much extra student loan debt and pain. I'm in the revisions stage and oooooh it's so painful so I know what you went through! haha, all so familiar hahaha, omg, the plane ticket is hilarious. Sorry, I'm sure it wasn't in the moment. 

Glad your gf stuck it out :) Yeah, online shopping for me is a killer Yeah. I just have to get organized enough to get it all set up. I will one day! Yeah, this needs more explanation.  OP can't ['yadda yadda'](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Yada_Yada#.22Yada_yada.22) out of this one. Pandora.com , the music site. 

I have a lot of tips n tricks to my finances since then to help reduce the damage from hypomanic episodes. I have a master spreadsheet with notes from every previous month going back for years, so I dont forget stuff. 

It gets better...   Poor tax. I messaged you.  They are Hero Black 4s and they are a year old but very lightly used in non extreme environments. I'm looking to get around $375 apiece out of them. Comes with external case, cords, 16gb memory card, battery.  Dude. Don't forget the parking tickets. I forgot the parking ticket and it cost me $5000 and landed me with an arrest record in the end... 

Didn't stop me from forgetting the regular expired inspection ticket(s) though. Or the inspection itself for that matter.  How on earth do you get yourself disciplined enough to do that? I'm 40 with 3 kids. You'd think I would've figured this out somehow. The only time I was on top of my finances was after my separation and I was doing nothing but focusing on keeping the house tidy and my finances (no work, no nothing else). Once I throw in anything else, any system goes haywire. It's mostly the forgetting that is killing me. Like forgetting to fob out. Ugh.

Anyways, all that to say... I'm highly impressed with your spreadsheet with notes! Ouch! The card linked to my bills-paying and direct deposit account goes on top of the dresser. Always and forever. 

Once a month a pay all the bills and forward myself spending money onto an unlinked account from a different bank. 

During my once-a-month, I duplicate the 'sheet' from last month, and delete the "did I pay this?" column. I go row by row and resolve the bills until they all have been addressed. Sometime I get distracted and get to reopen/restart...  Most of the time I can figure out what bills I paid and didnt pay simply because I pay them all in the same order every month lol 

Its not a perfect system, but I have only been sent eviction notices twice..  so at least I have that going for me?  Thank you so much for explaining and sharing :) Are you kidding? I love talking about myself lol  How do you decide what day of the month?

 How are you reminded when the day comes? The first is the day. But I rarely do it the first. I usually do it on weekends because I get paid Fridays. Sometimes that's the 28th, sometimes its the 3rd. 

The spreadsheet has listed the actual days the bills are due, and I try to make most of them due after the 15th - just in case I royally fuck something up. 

"The First" is bills. My wife reminds me, and I remind me, and its in my calendar on my phone and my calendar at work, etc...

I usually remember early or forget and have to rush to do it near-late.  