What was your worst "I forgot" moment. - Just recently when moving in with my father I left all my documents inside the airplane



- Left the stove on and had caused a fire when I was a kid. Firetrucks had to come and I embarrassed my parents as the entire building with 100+ tenants were evacuated. Luckily it was nothing serious. My husband has a keyless start in his car, and once he forgot to turn his car off while he was in class for six hours. He almost burned down my apartment on our second date because he left a wooden spoon on the stove, which he forgot to turn off. About a month later, he melted one of my mixing bowls doing the same thing. 

I’m not usually one to forget things, but I will do things absentmindedly. Last night I spent 20 minutes trying to get my hands to absorb some lotion, only to find out I was rubbing diaper cream on them. 

Three days ago I had an awful headache. Turns out I had accidentally purchased decaf instead of regular coffee. 

I have left ice cream in the pantry, cupboard, and fridge. 

I leave milk in the pantry a lot. 

Life is fun and full of adventure. 

 Walked 30 minutes to school (1st grade) without remembering to put on shoes. Or a shirt. I am female and wow, the principal freaked out way out of proportion. Recently, my coworkers and I met at a local Panera prior to taking a company vehicle to a training 2 hours away. When we returned, I couldn’t find my car key. I turned to look at my car and my key was sitting on the roof of the car ALL. DAY. I was gone for about 9 hours. I questioned how no one had taken my car all day.  Overheated a truck because I forgot I'd left it running as I went to go to the bathroom.(wasnt harmed)

Left a car running for 15 hours overnight because I forgot to turn it off(pushbutton start)

Ruined an evacuator pump for oil cuz I forgot to  open the thingy to let it out the other end

We recycle antifreeze and we use a filtration thingy to pump and filter old stuff into a new tank, I ALWAYS forget to check it and get REALLY close to having it suck air and ruin it.(has not happened yet..whew) I got lucky but just today I was cutting down some trees in my yard with a chainsaw and forgot to put the chainlock on and ran out with the saw by my leg still spinning away. Very lucky. I was much more careful after that little scare.  