Forgot where I put the medicine that helps me not forget things - Advice for remembering where I put my medication and when I’ve had it? Forgot where I put the medicine that helps me not forget things about three weeks ago and haven’t been able to find it anywhere. I’m just going to give up and tell my mum so that we can grab a new box. Any advice though on making sure I remember where I put the medicine and remembering when I’ve had it? When I do have it, I often have the pill and then find myself wondering if I’ve had my dose yet or if I need to take another (if that makes sense)

Additionally - I’m on a 36mg dosage right now. Since I couldn’t find that medicine, I tried taking two 18mg pills of the same medication that I had from when we were first trying out dosages. Maybe (definitely) I’m bad at maths but in my head that felt like it would give me the medication I would need, but I really didn’t feel much affect at all - is there a reason for this? Placebo?

Thank you! I keep a week's worth in a weekly pill organizer next to my toothbrush.  If today's compartment is empty, I must've taken it already.  The rest go in their original bottle in a steel lock box with several other things that my kids aren't supposed to touch.  I came up with that system after losing a whole unopened bottle of ritalin and then finding it again months later. Put one of those Weekly (not monthly, weekly) pill boxes either by your bed or in the refrigerator. You’ll never forget it there, and if you can’t remember if you took it, just look at the day. Saying out loud, “I took my pills on Monday” helps too.   >Any advice though on making sure I remember where I put the medicine and remembering when I’ve had it?

Same place, every time.  EVERY time.  Never ever ever put it anywhere other than where it goes.  Try one of those weekly pill boxes.

I've had to build some hard and fast routines in my life, and when I deviate from them things get forgotten.  Get a routine built for your medication and stick to it like glue.

> in my head that felt like it would give me the medication I would need, but I really didn’t feel much affect at all

Maybe it was stale?  Or could be a timed release thing. I keep it in my purse - bec of course I forget - so if it's in my bag I'm not without it all day Thanks for the help! Will definitely have to try the Weekly boxes - I know I've got some lying around somewhere that I never got around to using. I don't have to worry about kids getting into my medicine thankfully but I'm so glad you were able to find the Ritalin before anything happened and I reckon the steel lock box is a great idea :) Got a few Weekly boxes lying around that I've never gotten around to using so I'll have to actually bring them out and try it! I like the idea of saying it aloud because hopefully that'll be one extra thing I can remember if I'm wondering if I've had them or not :) Thank you so much and happy cake day! I've definitely been trying to get into the habit of putting things down exactly where I picked them up from. I need to definitely make sure I'm keeping my meds in the same place so I don't lose them again and I feel like a Weekly box is a great way to keep them altogether. 

As for why the two 18mgs didn't work, it would make a lot of sense to me that they could've been stale or a timed release thing so thank you for helping me out with the mystery :)

Thanks again! Thanks for the idea! I reckon keeping it in my bag is a great idea, but unfortunately I'm a bit nervous to keep the medicine in my school bag because people here have a tendency to go through other people's stuff. Once I graduate though I'm definitely going to put some in my bag. No problem! I have had ADHD my whole life but was just diagnosed a couple of months ago (I’m in my late thirties). Diagnosis was life changing. My prescriber told me that I have been coming up with coping mechanisms my whole life and not even realizing it.  A career change recently shed some light on my condition, which I guess is pretty normal (new career, new coping mechanisms). So I’m full of weird ideas! I was just diagnosed a couple of months ago too (although at 17)! I'm still trying to figure everything out so I'd love to hear any weird ideas you have for coping with ADHD if you want to share :) Thanks again! I guess, off the top of my head, put EVERYTHING on a schedule. Whether it’s in your phone or a computer or in a book - WRITE IT DOWN!

The other thought I have is :

If you have to bring something somewhere, put it in front of your door (if you live with your parents, not your bedroom door - the door you will use to go to the outside!)

I’ll keep updating this as I think of them - honestly all of this stuff has been so embedded into my brain, I can’t think of them. Again, thanks ADHD.  