When you get in the car and realize you forgot your wallet, then your phone, then your keys, and so on. A vicious cycle.  most commonly forgotten item for me: freshly prepared cold drink or road snack.  THREE POINT CHECK EVERY TIME YOU LEAVE THE HOUSE:

* Phone
* Wallet
* Keys Or my favorite: realizing you forgot your wallet or phone, then going back to get it, only to forget you house keys in the door.  Bonus points if you brought the keys inside and locked the door... And then spend an hour looking for them, forgetting where you had to go, opening the fridge cause you are thirsty and founding your keys and your wallet. It’s been said multiple times here, but I eventually got into the habit of declaring “phone, wallet, keys!” each time I leave the house. Recently I started attaching those Bluetooth tiles to many of the same items since I keep misplacing them all the damn time.  Saw a stand-up comedy show the other night. Comedian has ADHD too (extremely) and always does an altered version of the head shoulders knees and toes song/dance everytime he leaves the house:


Phone, wallet, keys and cash, keys and cash

Phone, wallet, keys and cash, keys and cash

Do I have everything that I might need? 

Phone, wallet, keys and cash, keys and cash 🎶


Or well, this is roughly what it would be like if translated to English. Might start using the song myself actually...  I have found success in leaving the items I need in the front seat as I find them \(with the exception of my keys\). You are absolutely right though. It sucks.  I can’t tell you how many times I forget my keys in the car. Man sounds about like everytime i try to go anywhere.... You have to create a mantra that you repeat when you go through doorways of both your car and your house, and also at work. Keys wallet watch phone is what I say. I only recently started wearing a smartwatch, and so for a while to watch spot was conveniently leveraged for any critical item.  

Oh, and the coolest thing I have run into in recent memory is the Tile. I have one on my keys and one in my wallet and it has saved me so much suffering and searching because I can just trigger it to start beeping.  It's like ADHD insurance... When I get home, I take out everything I need \(except my phone since I often use it at home\) and put it in the same spot. This has worked very well for me.   


This week I left a piece of paper on top of my work ID. I looked for 20 minutes everywhere else before lifting the paper and going "of course!" There was a TV commercial if a boy trying to leave for school only to remember one more thing each time he emerges from the house. My grandma said she immediately thought of me when she saw it. Did you forget to lock the door? how does one enter their car sans keys?  I remember about a year ago I started my truck and left it running for the A/C to kick in while I ran back inside to check I locked all the doors. 

That was the plan at least. 

Before I even put the key in the ignition I kept telling myself “Don’t lock the car door. Don’t lock the car door.” 

I get back to the truck after locking my place up. Truck door is locked. House keys are on the same keychain as the truck keys. In the ignition. In the running truck. 

Sunnuvabitch!

Fortunately had my cell phone in my pocket and called a locksmith.  Ever since college I have carried a wallet that has a key fob. That way I can never leave the house without both. Like others, I have a “phone, wallet, keys” mantra before leaving  more like: lock your door & get in your car then realize you left your wallet so you get it. relock the door, get in the car, and realize you forgot your phone, so you go get it. relock the door, get halfway to car then realize you forget your charger..........and so on until eventually i have Everything after looking like a forgetful maniac to my neighbors  My bag was open and I spilled the contents and walked into the store not knowing until a man walked in and handed me the money I dropped and I realized my wallet was missing.  Rest of it was luckily on the car seat.  Real great moment for me lol. My problem is usually reverse. I typically leave everything in my car... and I usually leave my car running. I’ve woken up a few times with no gas in my car :(  I can and often do lose my phone inside my car, before I even turn on the engine.  One minute it's in my hand, the next minute I can't find it anywhere!   There should be awards for that kind of losing skill!   😂 I have a mantra: phone, keys, wallet. Another thing I do is before I leave, I put everything in a bag or a purse. Lunch, keys, phone, socks, whatever I need all goes together.  I barely ever forget these things when I'm leaving, or lose them when I'm outside, because I've trained myself to be hypervigilant, I guess.

However, as soon as I get back to my house, I don't need to keep track of anything so long as it stays in the house *somewhere* - so that's what happens. Everything is in the house *somewhere*. Some places are more likely than others - e.g. my keys can usually be found lying on any of the nearest surfaces to the front door, after I've absentmindedly dropped them off after unlocking it... but aside from that I often have to spend 20 minutes searching around my house to find anything. I keep my key fob in my wallet. Door opens when it feel my hand. Can’t leave home without it. 

Still can’t quite remember my drink, lunch, or sunglasses consistently though. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  Me, at around 11AM: Damn I'm so hungry, I wonder why

  


Come home in the evening and find my breakfast smoothie waiting for me. I like to call it the triple pat. I do this every morning.

And still 9 times out of 10 get down the road realize I forgot my coffee. Spectacles, testicles, wallet and watch! Ready to go. I even have item A with me. Crap, I forgot to get item B! Go back to get item B. Now I'm ready to go.

Get to my destination and realize I left item A at home when I went back to get item B.

-_- omgg yesss :P 

Also, the triple check doesn't work for that document I had to bring, tissues for my hayfever, ... 

Last appointment I had, I forgot my government letter, my questionaire, the ID pictures, my passport and my money... besides forgetting paper/pen for notes, forgetting tissues, ... I have found that I will always forget my work uniform unless I leave it in the front seat. It could be in the back seat and I could be thinking “I need to grab that when I leave the car.” But without fail I find myself walking back to my car. Leaving my house is usually a process of walking back and forth a few times.  I noticed I would always take my wallet with me when I left the car(it basically is always in my pocket) so I started keeping an extra key in there  Love Tile (and it's competitors). The app is clunky though. Sometimes I wonder if  it actually takes me more time to open the app, scroll to the tile, click the icon, wait for it to find the tile, wait for the the tile to go off, etc. than to just find the keys myself. If your car is in the garage and unlocked, which mine usually is.   And by triple, you mean 30. I do it 10 times or so in the 5 minutes before leaving.  I am adopting this name for a ritual I have been performing for many years at this point. I used to lock myself out of the house regularly.  Now every time before I close the door I instinctively do the three point check.

But yes, I have left coffee on the roof of my car several times.  Not a perfect method for coffee... That is a spectacular idea! I have a detachable lanyard. I end up leaving to other half in the ignition. Now I have a spare on the other part. Used to do the same but now I have a newer car so the key is too big to fit on my wallet. It's also called the pat-pat-pat. I like this better because you can say it in your head while you pat Meee except not detachable! Locked myself out of my car six times in one year before I hit upon this idea. Wish it looked more ... stylish? Unobtrusive? More mature, I guess. I feel like if embedded nfc keys ever become a thing everyone with ADHD is just going to go ahead and get one  Crap. I wonder if you can get a super thin fob to replace yours...  You could copy just the mechanical key part onto a regular (non-fob) key. That only works if you don't need the fob part though. The future is here. 3SM offered implanted RFID chips to their employees last year. Supposedly is working out pretty well, but I haven’t followed the story in a bit. Also, some British dude actually rigged his “keyless” car to accept an implanted chip in his hand. I’m sure you can already get it done as a custom job.  I give it less then 5 years before the tech is widely aviliable.  Unless some agency decides that we can’t have cyborgs and blocks it.

Heard a rumor  Nah my Car is “keyless”, it’s a first world problem for sure. 