I forgot to open my mouth when drinking I hate this shit so fucking much. My mind is so scattered.  I really hope this gets better over time.  lmao something similar happened to me yesterday. I was brushing my teeth, and when I finished I filled my mouth with water. I started gargling facing up, and when it was time to spit I didn't face down to the sink. Instead, I did it facing up, spitting to the air. I got water everywhere, plus in my face. What's worse is that my brother saw me, I was so embarrassed lol And how to chew apparently. Bit the inside of my mouth. Again. Cereal. Really i am adult i swear.  A few years ago when my family got together for Father's Day weekend, my youngest sister gave my dad a photo of her finishing her first marathon which she had run the day before. My middle sister announced that she was pregnant with the first grandchild. My contribution to the BEST FATHER'S DAY EVER? I waited until I got home before crying about the fact that I had spent several minutes in the shower that morning before realizing I had still been wearing my underpants. I got a mild chip on my front tooth from a fork.... I reach for objects that aren't there, pens, paper, etc. I'm always shocked to find it missing too even if I moved it a minute before. Today  I put facial exfoliant on my toothbrush instead of toothpaste. I saw the green stuff come out and it still didn’t hit me. Fun times.  I put a whole loaf of bread in my bag instead of my sandwich.  Same ok so this would be funny if I didn't end up with a concussion, sitting in a reclining chair, push button to get up but pressed button to put feet up at same time, I  got out in  from the back it tiped me over the chair. My Parents could only laugh as they got me up my head still hurts.  For a while, we didn’t have access to clean tap water and we used bottled water to brush our teeth. When I was rinsing my toothbrush, I forgot to pour the water over the sink and spilled half a bottle on the bathroom floor.  I grew up getting teased for this sort of stuff :( glad I've found my people now though. Today I put raw quinoi on my pear instead of chia seeds, because it looks similar and I forgot to check the packet. The other day I made essentially the same mistake by putting cinnamon instead of ginger over my dinner. There are times that I forget I’m eating something like steak because it is too chewy that I forget and my gf wonders why I take so long to eat sometimes  That's when you remark about your drinking problem!! I literally do the exact same thing and I keep getting sores in my mouth and on my lips from accidentally biting them 😂 Occasionally I used to forget how to swallow, any time I'd ask my friends if they've ever experienced that they would look at me like an alien. I feel you! I lost count of how many times I've stabbed my face while eating... That's actually epic, no shame I was drinking water Oh i feel so much better thank you fellow person-who-is-totally-fine-just-chewing-is-too-complicated 😂😂😂  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pl4plPGRG8o](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pl4plPGRG8o) 