Struggling with appetite suppression; What are your best foods? Hey everyone!

So Vyvanse murders my appetite, but I know I need to eat and hydrate to feel fine. Day 2 of Vyvanse and I'm struggling to eat my PB Toast. What are some great foods that are healthy for me, "filling" and cover my nutrition bases? I'm also trying to lose weight (before the Vyvanse), so I'm really less worried about what I eat and just making sure my body has fuel and I'm not nutrient starved with the appetite suppression.


Tips? Sugarless PB has been great so far. What are your go to foods to stay afloat? I was thinking about more smaller snacks throughout the day instead of forcing meals down. Ensure protein shakes. Go down fast, taste reasonable when warm, and it’s not just garbage sugar and carbs. I keep a sixer of these in my desk for when I forget to eat lunch.  Chia seeds in water are pretty good Multivitamin gummies have really helped me. I know they’re not a snack but they give me peace of mind since I know I don’t eat enough to get all of my vitamins and minerals. I like nuts/seeds and dried or fresh fruit and vegetables. Especially fruit and raw vegetables help with feeling full while not having an overwhelming taste. Also they're bursting with water so it helps with hydration as well.  

I really like red bell peppers sliced into little sticks. They have a mild taste but it's really enjoyable.  Eat two hours before you take it Hard boiled eggs are a solid source of protein, and can be easily turned into egg salad with just a bit of mustard and black pepper, or added into other salads, sliced ant eaten on toast, added to a bowl of ramen... or just eaten as is with salt and pepper. 

I’m a big fan of hard boiled eggs.  How did i not think of this sooner? This is actually a great idea. I forget to eat lunch quite a bit so thanks for this!  Shit I should start taking them again. I forgot to take them so much I forgot they existed. Seconding eggs! I can eat a lone hard boiled egg when I can’t stomach the thought of anything else. Really helps 