I forgot I was on a diet and now my pants are too tight I need to lose weight. Figured I would do some sort of plan that involved restricted eating hours since I can forget to eat for half a day thanks to ADHD/hyperfocus. For a few weeks, I did 8 hours eating/16 hours “fasting.” 

Stop me if you’ve heard this before—I lost some weight, felt better, got bored, forgot to fast for a few days and now I’m gaining weight back. 

I almost can’t ask this question, it feels so minor compared to all the other stuff that makes ADHD so shitty, but...anyone know of any hacks to make sticking with a diet easier for ADHD-brain? 

Or a diet requiring absolutely minimal commitment and rules to remember?

I know there are tons of diet subreddits and I’ve looked through several of them but they tend to be so complicated that I give up. I ate the same thing every day for every meal: chicken and green beans.

But of course I gained all of that back. So now I'm just trying to make small changes like smaller portions and walking to the grocery store. That stuff, I figure, is sustainable, unlike starving myself. Your headline made me lol. I just workout a lot. Which helps with adhd anyway. And then I can eat whatever I want. Intermittent fasting. It’s easy to remember. Just essentially don’t eat breakfast.  If you wanna keep up with your IF try the zero app.  Actually having reminders when to start and stop your fast is great.  I had to stop cause I lost my appetite on meds and now need to eat whenever I can make it happen  Avoid all things with added sugar

Avoid all refined carbs (white rice, white bread)

Avoid all processed food 

Avoid palm/canola oil, use olive oil or grass fed butter

Eat mostly plants and some protein, with beans being exception to carbs rule

get Zero app for tracking fast windows Count calories. Eat whatever you want whenever you want as long as you’re within your calorie limit. If you’re going to go over, exercise. That’s it.

This is not the healthiest way to lose weight sometimes, but it’s the easiest to remember. Just log everything.  I....might try this. 

Meal planning sounds so complicated and horrific it makes me want to so, and when I have too many decision to make I usually make bad ones. 

And I keep forgetting my intermittent fasting hours and/or forgetting to fast in general 