I FOUND MY F*CKING WALLET! Thanks to everyone here for their support. I got incredibly lucky and the store I left it at had it waiting for me.

Thank you all for being so kind and supportive. I probably am going to buy a tile or two now that so many people have suggested it. Having one of those on my keys and in my wallet would make me feel a lot more secure.

This is why this is my favorite subreddit besides /r/hiphopheads. I can make a post complaining and venting about the latest instance of ADHD screwing with my life and everyone UNDERSTANDS!!! Instead of chastising everyone offers helpful advice and support. 

like my dad was literally just like mad at me for losing it and thinks I'm irresponsible

thanks guys I love you and I hope you all find your wallets and keys and phones It's funny, the fact that you posted earlier saying you lost your wallet, I suddenly realized I lost my TV remote a week ago and still haven't found it... resorted to using my phone as a remote, but what will I do if I lose that... lol One time, while I was driving I found mine in the middle of the road.  
I didn't even know I had lost it. We could probably have a daily lost/found thread.

 Glad you turned you double ⚀⚀ into ⚅⚅ due to finding your wallet :-D Meanwhile, my wedding ring has apparently been eaten by the monster that eats left socks.  So are you eagerly waiting for Frank Ocean's album too? [deleted] Dude it's awesome you found your wallet. I cannot tell you how many times I have run half a block back to various stores because I left my coffee cup on the counter when I checked out. It used to be a semi-daily occurrence. Sometimes if it was a disposable cup instead of my nice ones from home, I'd just cut my losses.  [This](http://i.imgur.com/Xwx6eqd.png), isolated (from your previous post), is pretty damn descriptive of ADHD.  ❤️ Great to hear! \ o / Glad you found it. Had left my id at Lowes checkout one day. Thankful someone gave it to the cashier.  Congrats! Dude I lost my wallet at the mall last week! We found it after a few days but I totally feel your pain! I believed in you, bombadil!  Hahaha, I lost my wallet last week.

I don't normally carry a wallet (I have one of those card slots on the back of my phone and keep my ID, credit card, and insurance card in it.) But I had a few important things in my wallet. 

I hope I can find it. I think it's somewhere in my house... Wallet/Cell phone case has saved my sanity I used to lose my wallet all the time every day.  Now I have a wallet phone case.  Not loosing it anymore.  My wife and I lost the iron.  I mean, ironing board is accounted for, but no iron.  Looked everywhere.  After a month, gave up and bought a new one.  A year later and I'm standing in my closet holding an iron I don't recognize with a confused look on my face when my wife walks in and is shocked that I found it.  I didn't even remember that we lost it and replaced it.  Oh well, now I have two irons in case it happens again.  

She swears she isn't ADHD, but I know better.  Our poor children are doomed. My boyfriend gets mad at me all the time for misplacing things. I don't think he understands that it is ten times more frustrating for me, who deals with this short-circuiting brain daily. 

I misplace my phone five times a day, which is why all of my important things are neon colors so they're slightly less difficult to lose. 

I'm seriously proud of you for finding your wallet, that is so stressful. You may or may not lose it again. You have to accept what could or could not be or you are going to become super stressed every single time something like this happens.

Think of ways you can help prevent yourself from losing certain objects, think of ways of how you can mentally address situations when you do lose something.

Also, you need to find ways to do stressful activities without overwhelming yourself. If you all of a sudden realize you lost something, tell yourself "I will spend a single minute back tracking to find it" then stop at all costs. Just stop. You need to avoid overwhelming yourself. Try again later, this time spend more time looking for it, lets say ten minutes.

If you still can't find it, take another break, maybe wait til the next day. You may end up accidentally finding it while your up and about doing other activities and tasks. I bought [this wallet](http://imgur.com/2nUkY3L) and almost never misplace it because it's so easy to see. Highly recommend


Quick note that's not my pic I lost my wallet for 6 months once. I cancelled and replaced all my bank and credit cards, got another drivers license etc. I found it in the pocket of a lunch box that I never use. Apparently I took it to a family Christmas get together and totally forgot about it. Upside, $300 in Christmas money. Hooray!  I'm glad things turned out well.  

Just remember, anyone who claims that they've never lost important things like keys or wallets is a liar or has never possessed these things. i didn't change the batteries in my remote for so long after they died that they leaked and my remote is now unusable.  I have the same policy for remotes as I do my wallet, it goes in the same place. The kids lose shit less than I do. Well at least we're all very resourceful, adaptable people!! Get a new phone! Then when your lost phone resurfaces, you have a permanent remote solution.

This has happened to me... I supposedly lost it cycling to high school. Got called halfway trough the day by the police, someone turned it in. Queue in confused me: they found my wallet which I didn't know I lost. That's actually an awesome idea. Yeah I don't even try to match socks anymore. [deleted] I'm lingering in this limbo state of disappointment and anticipation, bois will crie q_q "You would lose your ass if it wasn't connected."

That was a favorite line. 

Teachers were especially constantly frustrated with me. 

I still have a hard time forgiving myself when I lose something, but at least it's possible now.  I know dude just the other day I left my shoes at home and hD to drive all the way home and back from work. And I had specifically come in early to get shit done. Instead I'm spending 40 minutes driving. So frustrating! 

I've resolved to keep all my work studf in my car at all times possible. I started buying wallets that have a key ring on them. I still misplace them constantly, but now I find them a lot easier because a) the only thing is larger and more bulky and b) while under different circumstances I could go a while without using either my keys or my wallet (and lose either one on a regular basis) the chances of me needing one or the other increase substantially, at which point I realize I don't have them. 

I also always keep my wallet/keys in my front right pocket (I'm a guy, so that is not always a good solution for a woman). When I don't have the wallet/keys in my right pocket, there's often something that just feels amiss, so that helps me realize I've misplaced it. 

But that's taken years. 

In any case, the wallet/key combination has been a lifesaver. It's truly changed my life in that specific scenario.  About 12 years ago I lost my drivers license. It was too overwhelming to go through the process of getting another one, so I went without a driver's license for about 5 years. Just paid cash for everything. 

Finally I got a new one, and the lady at the DMV freaked out a little. 

Those sorts of things happen to me, where I'll think "surely I'm not the only one this has happened to" but the reaction will be so dramatic I'll realize, "nope. Other people may have ADHD, but what I've done is still on the extreme, at least in this person's experience." I'm sorry but that made me laugh,  sucks for your remote! Jesus, poor remote Pretty sure this is going to happen in my remote, too.

...Oh well, I'll forget to change them by morning. (Who am I kidding, I'll forget in less than ten minutes.) Maybe I should try that... never lost my wallet, but the longest period of me missing a remote was almost 2 whole months. I know, right?! I have an unhealthy compulsion where I have to match socks before they go in the washing machine. That way at least I know there were matching pairs when they went through the washer/dryer cycle. For some reason, this soothes my mind when they don't come out with matching pairs, which is rarely. And then often I find a sock was simply in a pant leg, at the top of the dryer cylinder stuck because of static clean, or fell somewhere in the process of moving them from the washer to the dryer, or from the dryer to the folding area. 

The problem is getting the socks matched before they go in the washer. It just creates another barrier I really don't need to getting laundry done, so I certainly don't offer it up as a solution. But it has eliminated my frustration with matching sock syndrome.  How many husbands do you have? And where can I find this kind of dryer??

(Side note: I'm laughing maniacally at myself) Wait like a pair of work shoes or you drove to work barefoot?  I do tht with important things I might need. My car gets so filled at times that I look homeless I spent a day at work wearing tennis shoes without socks... I change out my shoes at work and wore slip ons there which then got sopping wet (literally squishing with each step), so my back up plan of just wearing the slip ons went out the window.  I did not have time to go back home.  I've taken to pinning together my socks with safety pins, especially if they're the small no-show ones. I made it a habit to take my socks off before a shower and use the pin in my clean socks for my dirty socks, then throwing them in the hamper. I wonder if having a separate basket or laundry bag would help? Like when you take your socks off, put them in the bag then you have them all when you wash. I only had flip flops  That's awesome. I can't tell you how happy it makes me you figured out a system that works for you. That's what it's all about! There are a lot of systems and routines that would help. That's the chief coping mechanism for ADHD.

Unfortunately, starting and maintaining those habits and routines are difficult. And then once we get older, we have to be our own parent. My experience is that it's tough for dysfunctional people to be their own parent, regardless what the dysfunction is. 

I do have a couple of 3 bag laundry setups, which are nifty. But I'm not in the habit of using them, and it's difficult to start. 

At the end of the day, it really does come down to "just do it." But if it were that easy, it wouldn't be an issue for us. 

I remember last year I was in an intense cognitive behavior group therapy. 20 hours a week. 5 hours a day, 4 days a week. 

In there were a few people who had tried suicide while being in emotionally and sometimes physically abusive relationships, a heroin addict who had convinced someone he had met in rehab to get off with him, and then the other guy overdosed and died, someone else with a wife and child who was studying to be a counselor, but once a year or so would go off on a crack cocaine binge with hookers and gambling, and then go back to his family a complete wreck after a few days. Plenty of others of similar ilk. 

They get to me, and ask me to describe my issues, and I say, "I have a problem doing laundry, or any other mundane task." And they all snort and laugh and just say, "you just do it, man."

And I got a bit indignant, and replied, "You know, I've sat here for a few days and been nothing but empathetic. You talk about issue with setting boundaries, or being confrontational. Those are not issues I have. I don't have any drug dependencies, or even drink alcohol that much. I've never attempted suicide, although I've certainly considered it plenty. I'm not asking you to understand the issues I face on a daily basis. I don't really want people to relate to it, because it sucks, and it's haunted me all my life. But please don't be dismissive or condescending about my issues. They're mine, and they're real, and I'm here to get help with them the same way you guys are."

The only point being that there are often times easy solutions to our issues, but implementing those solutions is often the entire crux of the problem.  Thanks for the kind words :) Means an unusually high amount today! 