Today I flew from Baltimore to Chicago, and in the process of disembarking, forgot to repack my $2,000 laptop which I carry with me everywhere and use for everything, because I was mid conversation with my flight neighbor. I'm sick and tired of losing things; how do I avoid future incidents? Some quick background: I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was very young, and I was told that it was a disorder that made me hyper. I thought that was the extent of its symptoms. Since then I've had a chronic habit of losing and forgetting objects and losing my train of thought, and for the longest time I always thought that I was just an idiot (I'm teased amongst my friends for constantly losing/forgetting USB cables and chargers). As I grew older, I became less hyper and more in control of my impulses, so I thought I grew out of it entirely. Only recently (I'm almost 23) did I learn there was more to ADHD than I had been originally told (it was /u/TheBananaKing's answer to an ELI5 question about ADHD), and that my horrible habit of forgetting both objects and tasks assigned to me were major symptoms.I'm now at the stage where I desperately need help, because I feel like now that im starting to transition into adulthood, it's reached a point where it's starting to seriously impact my life. Over the last year I've caused at least several thousand dollars of damage to myself or others, including the company I work for, because I forget property or I forget to complete an assigned task in an industry full of rapid fire deadlines. Hell, on this trip alone where I attended a convention in Baltimore and explored the east coast, I've forgotten my toothbrush at a friend's house, a USB cable in a hotel (for my phone, leaving me without a reliable way to be contacted), ANOTHER USB cable in a rental car (for my external HD, leaving me without access to work assets), a brand new event-exclusive metal water bottle thing at a hotel bar, and finally, my goddamn freaking laptop in an airplane, which I'm still waiting on the edge of my seat to find out if it's been located, because I desperately need it for work (and to blow off steam with some Civ V).Needless to say, I'm sick and tired of living my life like this, of being considered ridiculously unreliable by everyone I know, and all sorts of other bullshit. I don't know what to do and I really need any advice anyone may be willing to give me. I hope you guys can help me. Yup, never lost a laptop (almost though), but many, many other things. Ton of my favorite hats. This is why we can't have nice things. That being said, I'm sorry to hear you lost your laptop, that really sucks. I've learned a couple tricks but its hard as hell even with them. I've learned to compulsively tap all my pockets and keep mobile items in the same place so that when I forget my keys, I also notice my backpack of which I was just about to run off to work without. I also set random ass alarms in the hopes that the spontaneous confusion might trigger a memory. But really you have to let your inner (and genetically imbued) ocd have some air.

I dunno, thats my shtick, hope it helps you get an idea. One thing that helps me with this is having only one or two places where I keep certain things, and putting stuff away the second I'm done with it so that even if I forget about it 5 minutes later, it's in the place it's supposed to be in when I need it.

If you can get in the habit of putting your cords away the second you're done using them, then you can relax knowing that they're in the right place and you won't have to remember to take them with you later.  First, go see a doctor and get some medication.

Second, everything gets a place and everything has a routine. For the computer stuff, get something like [Grid-it]( http://amzn.com/B0030BERVE) and use a sharpie to outline or mark where each thing goes. You can move the Grid-it from bag to seat back to bag. 

Have a checklist of everything you need to take with you and get into a routine of checking it every time you enter/leave a new place. Onebag.com has a good packing checklist.

Third, see a doctor about medication.

 Routine routine routine.

You need to set established routines and not deviate from them. This way, when you do deviate you will feel that something is off.

Also become super paranoid about things. If you are traveling, write up a list of things to remember and go down that checklist every time you pack up.

Sucks about the laptop though.  I've one minimalist, and it's really helped me. Oh boy, this is the story of my life - I'm ALWAYS misplacing and forgetting things. I actually also lost an $1850 laptop once due to my absentmindedness.

Biggest thing that has helped me is keeping a notebook with me as well as note taking apps - I write down key things I need to remember, and have made it a habit to check my notebook and apps. 

Try not to be so hard on yourself (and I know this is easier said than done) - you aren't an idiot, you're forgetting these things because of a medical condition. You know as well as I do that it's not your *choice* to forget things. Here's how I survive: Be consistent. Don't visualize your belongings - actually look.

In your backpack, briefcase, pants, and everything else, designate pockets. Don't switch up your bags/purses a lot. My laptop case has pockets for my hard drive, cables, flash drives, and SD cards. I always put the same specific equipment in these pockets. The hard drive pocket in my laptop case holds *only* my grey hard drive. The front right pocket of my backpack *always* holds my wallet, ID tags, and phone. And so on.

Every time I get home, I dump everything I have out on a table to reorganize.

Keys are important. I put every single key that I ever use on one lanyard. House, car, work, bicycle, mailbox, the padlocks I use only occasionally. (I keep a spare key for each on a hook at home, and I leave a spare house key with my neighbor friend in case I lock myself out.) I have trained myself to never step out of the house without this lanyard hanging around my neck. Even if I'm just taking out the trash. This is *very* effective and it makes me do a mental check of all the other kind of things I need to have. The lanyard has a carabiner for anything I might need to keep temporarily, anything that can be attached to a loop.

Doing all of this keeps me from losing my shit and my mind. Personalization. I add keychains, phone charms, spare labels, those cheap luggage tags, etc. With the idea that it both reduces forgetfulness and increases the odds of being located and returned later. 

I also use a carabineer to "chain" items together so I don't misplace things in a strange environment.  Yup, I am going to repeat what a few people have a said but it's because these things have worked for me. For one thing- minimalism, if even a little bit, is huge. Having fewer yet more important things not only make them easier to track, but makes it easier to make them a priority. That kind of chains to checklists. Having checklists is nice, but having only a few (or a minimized amount of) things makes them even better. Lists short enough could be memorized more easily that way. checklist! make one before you pack and make a couple of copies for travel. you can put the copies in a clear laminate sheet and tape it to the inside of your luggage bag. I did this once and was able to get it back. They sweep the plane. You should call the airline you flew and see if they have it. [deleted] As others have said, putting things away in the exact same spot and putting it away as soon as you're done with it has been very helpful for me.  Obviously this wouldn't apply in this specific case with the laptop.  

In the event that you've lost something, there's a couple of electronic aids to help:

1) On your phone or laptop you can either use its built-in tracking feature if you're using an iPhone/Mac ("Find my Phone" on iCloud), or you can get third party applications that do the same for devices from other manufacturers.

2) There's this new kickstarter project called Tile which you can attach to small things like keys, which you can then use to track the items down.

http://www.thetileapp.com
 I just put everything I'm going to need for that specific day (Keys, comb, phone, wallet, swiss army knife, etc.) in my pockets in the morning, as soon as I get dressed. And whenever I take them out, I always keep them in my hands or in a friend's hands so I remember to put them back in. Haven't lost a thing.  Everything needs to have a place. But if you're like me you will put something important somewhere safe where you know it won't get lost and two minutes later I will lose it. I lose my car keys all the time. I once lost my keys in 3 minutes and it took 4 people about a half an hour to find it. I just got a few reminder list and apps for my phone and I'm trying to remember to put everything I take with me and everything I need to do in those apps. The hard part is putting things in the app in the first place. I recently heard of [these](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=pqDm3gZNZPM). I've literally been waiting years for something like this to exist. Someone else said this, but I wanted to reiterate: Have you called the airline to see if they've found the laptop?  There's a good chance you can still get it back.  Good luck! Find out what works for you. I am very mental with everything. I do not write down dates, notes, or anything. Whenever I go to leave or am coming home I go through it step by step in my head. 

I.e. coming home from gym
1. put keys on table next to door
2. put bag in corner under coat rack
3. make sure you have your wallet and phone
4. place wallet with keys and put phone in your pocket. 
5. and then go on

Now I know, when I go to leave, my things are in the spots I want them to be so when I go to leave I don't have to think about t. Create a list. It helps with everything. I feel your pain. :(

My solution, constructive or not, has been to develop a ridiculous amount of anxiety to the point where I compulsively triple and quadruple check all of my belongings before getting up and leaving a place. It causes me a lot of stress and time, but I lose stuff less often. (I do still lose some stuff, especially in new/chaotic situations) Create a checklist of everything you need before you head out.  Go through the checklist right before you leave.  I used to carry a pocket notebook and pen for this, but your smartphone will also work. [deleted] When I get up and walk away from somewhere I Iook back and give the spot a solid inspection.  I'll even walk back, take a minute and really look at the place.  Best thing to do is to literally have your belongings on you or your lap.

Reminds me of how I lost a belt-pack containing my beloved 7-year-old modded PSP, a brand new class-related camera with over 1,000 photos, some memory cards, and rechargeable batteries at my college a couple years ago. Made the folly of taking it out of my backpack and leaving it on a bench while I finished a Life Drawing picture before another class (or dropped during a class, I can't remember), instead of actually having it snapped to my pants or backpack like it ought to have been. Those things really mattered at the time, and still might've today. And now some guido probably deleted everything on them for nude women and shit before selling them to the local pawn shop. All because of me and my stupid forgetfulness. I do this same thing. I call it my "Get up? Pat Down" routine. If I am standing up from sitting anywhere, I pat down my pockets to make sure everything's there. R Front/L Front/R Back/L Back. It still backfires, though, when there is a legitimate reason my keys aren't in my front right pocket and I start freaking out because I've forgotten why they aren't there.  This.

Coping skills.

i.e. put laptop straight back into the laptop bag not into the seatback. I've noticed this too, but generally I stop using these things because someone is jumping up and going "HEY GUYS LET'S GO GET FOOD" or "C'MON WE HAVE TO CHECK OUT NOW" or I'm in the middle of a conversation with someone, and so I'm either pressured or distracted into forgetting to check for my things, and I have no idea what to do about it. This is the case with 90% of the things I lose or forget, and is precisely what happened with my laptop. Yeah, but sometimes the things I do and the responsibilities I'm saddled with necessitate a lot of equipment. =/ This situation is virtually unavoidable to me. I'm a list person. People make fun of me because I list everything on a separate line, instead of toiletries, I do contacts, contact case, contact solution, conditioner, shampoo, mousse, etc. But I've gotten to the point where I get so much satisfaction as I check things off when packing, and then I use it as a mental checklist when I go to re-pack at the end.

Yay lists!!
 O.o hi? Saw Tile, was super interested in it, but... I don't have a phone with a compatible OS. =/ I put everything from my pockets in a fruit bowl on my desk. Can't do the pocket thing because, being a girl I try on like 3 different pants every morning. So the bowl works for dumping when I'm tired after work.  The airline doesn't have an on-duty person to check for you; you have to submit a form detailing the item and its location, which I've done, but they don't contact you if they don't find it. I've tried this before, but I end up forgetting to check the checklist, or running out of time to make one. =/ Umm, connect it with what? It's a backpack. I didn't lose the backpack, I just forgot to repack the laptop into it.Also, what difference does it make having a USB on the car keys or not? It's not like that'll reduce my chances of losing them... I make a point to have a dedicated location for every item and a "Landing zone" for my keys, wallet, etc so I can always have them ready. Per Austin Powers: "Spectacles, testicles, wallet, and watch." Yep, that's me. Cellphone in FR, portable HD in FL, keys in BL, wallet in BR. Lately though I've been going without one or several of these, and it's starting to seriously throw me off... Maybe you need to change careers. You're still young. It took me until age 45 to realize I simply can't handle an office job. Yeah me too!  I'm leaving for vacation at the end of this week and I've been working on my list for 2 weeks now, adding things as I remember them.  I have two lists: one of all the things I need to take, and one of all the things I need to do before I leave (eg. set the home alarm, check mail, etc) [deleted] Birds of a feather. I go out of town in 11 days, and I've been working on my two lists for a few days now. It just feels soooo good. I just got so tired of arriving at my destinations and realizing I'd forgotten something, even if it wasn't a vital something, it was still an inconvenience. Yes? Who is this? [deleted] This is amazingly hilarious.  Oh, howdy! Fancy seeing you here. You frequent this sub often? O.o 