There’s a humorous irony to driving 7 miles to the pharmacy to pick up your Adderall scripts, only to realize you forgot to bring your wallet right as you pull into the parking lot. Oh yeah, and that iPad I’ve been meaning to return to the Apple Store? Still sitting at the foot of my bed, where I placed it this morning so I wouldn’t forget it (again).

Sigh.  Dr.: "Here are three months worth of prescriptions that can't be filled until the fill date."

Me: "Ok, I'll put them in a safe spot!"

*Immediately puts in pocket and forgets about them*

**1 month later**

*ring ring*

Receptionist: "Hi, this is -sometime-sassy-'s doctor's office. How can I help you?"

Me: "Uhmmm, I got a prescription about a month ago, but I think I've lost it..."


It's a cruel irony having Adderall as a controlled substance 😰 My personal favorite is running out of your prescription and forgetting to refill it for a week bc you need your prescription  so you don’t forget shit all the damn time 

Source: my life for the past two weeks  I’ve made a habit of tapping my pockets every time I leave the house to make sure I have my phone wallet and keys. If you make it into some kind of “leaving the house” ritual it really sticks. Sounds kinda weird but it works  The laws don't help at all. People with ADHD are more likely to lose the entire damn bottle. Last month I forgot to fill my script until 15 minutes before the pharmacy was supposed to close. I called ahead, they said they could fill it. 

So I got there and a girl was trying to get her adderall without her license saying they’ve done it before for her and I commented to the pharmacist that wasn’t true since they always ask me for my license. 

Guess who had also forgotten their license at home... I always keep my wallet/keys/etc in my pants.  That way when I put on a new pair they feel wrong until I transfer the items from the last pair.  Never forgotten my wallet/keys as a result... my phone on the other hand finds its way into some damn strange places Left for a birthday party with my kids this weekend. 

Only got about 10 miles down the road before I realized I left the present sitting by the door and had to turn back.  

Luckily, my kids have grown to be relatively patient with me.  Set up Express Pay, at least if you are filling them at Walgreens. RX automatically paid for using a CC on file when you pick up. That combined with Android Pay has saved my ass more times than I can count. I’ve forgotten the actual paper prescription before. :-( It sucks! I once locked my keys in the car and didn't realize it until after my ADD check-up appointment. It was safe to say, that yes, I still feel like I need my meds to make it through the day (didn't take anything that morning). I've done the same thing. I pull in to the lot, realize my wallet isn't there and just turn around without even parking. Frustrating as all hell. What's even better is going to the store with your pharmacy in it for the express purpose of picking up your Adderall, then grocery shopping and leaving without your Adderall. :) If you print the label to return something to Amazon you don’t actually have to do anything else that day, like affix it to the box. 

Source: ADD. Apple Pay is a lifesaver for me for this exact reason I'm so glad there's a 24 hour pharmacy within walking distance of my house. The very first time I had to pick up my meds after I was diagnosed, I totally forgot about it until about 9 at night. The only reason I remembered was because the song I was listening to had the word "prescription" sung in it (I don't even remember what song it was). I heard that and went "Oh, shit!" Immediately went out to get the prescription filled. I have one of those phone case wallet hybrid things since I rarely forget my phone.  I use Siri to remind me of almost everything, often with redundancies, e.g., “Remind me to take my prescriptions to the pharmacy at 6:45 on Monday,” & “Remind me to take my prescription when I leave home” so I can go back and get it before I get too far if I forget by 6:47.  This is why I keep a record of credit card numbers in an encrypted section of a OneNote notebook Story of my life drove 30 minutes to have drinks with my parents today and i forgot my wallet so no ID no drinks smh or how i got to class after dinner with my parents and i realized that i left my laptop charger at home so as im typing this my computer is about to die in class while i still have 2 hours of class smh One reason I put up with the expense, noise, dirt, and crime in the city. The pharmacy is a ten-minute walk up the street. I can pretend I'm normal here. [deleted] I've dropped an entire months prescription on the ground a few times, ugh. This is why you add your cards to your phone wireless payment setup. Literally a lifesaver.  i left the doctors office with a prescription for an increase in my dosage of concerta and drove all the way home before realizing i had intended to drop it off to get filled! sometimes i can only laugh at myself honestly lol  I pulled up to the pharmacy today to pick up a prescription that was filled last week. Drove up to the drive through and it was closed. So I left because I didn't want to get out of my car.. ugh The whole process of being diagnosed and getting scripts is ironic. I have always laughed at such irony brought on to my own detriment. Your wonderful sense of humor and self-acceptance will get you through these trials. We have all done this or something similar.  When I don't want to forget something at home, I attach it to my car keys. Can't leave without it that way I experienced that moment not long ago. Showed up at the doctor and the receptionist asked what I was being seen for. I had to admit I had no idea. I was only there because the reminder in my calendar popped up. She  looked it up on the computer. ADHD follow-up appointment. Yeah, makes sense.
 This is why i write important things in bold on my hand or arm...the , I forget to look at it so fuck it all. I so feel you.
I find it funny how I get scolded a lot because I always try to fill my script a little too early like I'm selling them or something. Don't get me wrong, I entirely understand their perspective, but the thing is: I have a monthly reminder set on my phone (via Due, which is awesome for ADHD because it will bug me until I either delay it or tell it I completed the task) to not only fill my script, but pick up my script also. About 75% of the time I complete both, but the other 25% I forget to order the refill, or I forget to pick it up which results in them UNfilling it so then I have to start all over again... so yeah, I'm trying to order a damn refill early because I'm betting that I will actually wind up picking it up AFTER I'm actually supposed to have it.
SMH I travelled over a hundred miles for a driving test without my provisional license. Back then I didn't know about my ADD, I was just an 'idiot'. Good times Well, you remembered to go pick it up, so I'm going to give you the "win" here. Can't tell you how many bottles I've been issued that read "must see MD prior to next refill". I swear half my prescriptions are issued over the phone after I miss my appointments...  About a months ago I accidentially broke my desk chair. Quite a while prior to this, I had gotten an Ikea gift card with 50€ on it. I asked my friend to drive me to Ikea to purchase a new chair. We walked around the store for hours and picked up several other items, that we hadn't planned on buying originally (duh!).

Right before the register, the final sensory overload apparently kicked in and all I could think about were the Swedish HotDogs and blueberry jam. We put everything in the car and hit the road. On the highway, right before our exit I suddenly remembered the gift card, which was the sole reason for going to Ikea in the first place, that I had put in the same compartment as my debitcard, SO I WOULD NOT FORGET. Well, it was completely untouched.

The saddest part is, that the gift card expired just days after that. So I wasted 50€. I laughed and sobbed at the same time when I realized what had happened.

 Husband asked me to refill his adderal. I pack the toddler up and get him out the door. As soon as I get to the pharmacy I look down and realize I grabbed the wrong prescription date and have to go home. Womp womp. I also have ADD clearly.  This is me and my credit card. I've called about 3-4 times asking for a new and i have a low-key fear that they know me to well by now.  Oooooooohhh noooo 🤦🏻‍♀️ I’ve been there and that SUX! It’s funny afterwards but damn while it’s happening you could strangle someone. Lol And 15 minutes before they close... Yeah, I've lost my prescription twice because... you know, I am always thinking and not paying attention to things around me.  EVERY TIME, EVERY THING. Hope the rest of your day goes better! [removed] Ugh I love that we get each other, but hate that fuck-else doesn’t bother making an effort to have an objective view of our behaviors and their causes Not sure if it’s been mention yet, but Walgreens can keep your information on file I was late to my shrink’s appointment because I could not find my wallet o.k. for the benefit of the English-language learners and college freshmen everywhere, someone has to say it: [no](http://theoatmeal.com/comics/irony),  it's [not](https://www.dailywritingtips.com/what-is-irony-with-examples/) . It may be apt, fitting, typical, exasperating, surprising even, just not
 [ironic](http://examples.yourdictionary.com/examples-of-irony.html).  Ironic is, for example, the way that abstinence-only sex education doesn't decrease rates of pregnancy or STDs. I moved to a different city recently and now have to drive about 180 miles. A few months ago I drove down there for the check-up appointment I have every three months, and when I tried to pay the co-pay my card got declined. I had money in my account, but I guess the bank was thrown off by the change in location. I ended up having to drive to the bank, and had to reschedule my appointment  Done that more than once. ADHD is real. I’ve frequently forgotten to bring my paper script when I go in to get a refill. My doctor gives me 3 months at a time so now I just give them all to the pharmacy at once and tell them to keep them on file for me.   This. This. This. My life in a nutshell! My psych doesn't even trust me with paper prescriptions anymore because one of them got lost lol  I love escripts for Vyvanse. My psych sends in 3 scripts that they store on file electronically till I fill them.  Can't you take them to the pharmacy immediately to be put on file? [deleted] I’m always terrified of losing my meds. Would they even allow a refill?  > Source: my life for the past…

…twenty three years. This person has adh...did I fill my prescription? Shit I forgot my appointment brb. I feel ya. I've forgotten to contact my doctor to schedule a visit for refill. I always remember at the worst time. Such as after I finish a long day trying to not fuck up at work. Driving home thinking the day would've gone a lot smoother if I had my meds.  me too! i always keep everything in the same pockets so i can just reach down and tap to make sure it's there, it's a fun little dance  it's like a little drum fill every time I go somewhere. Tap phone and wallet, pause, jingle keys.  Same here though I expanded to every time I leave a place after nearly leaving my phone in the Detroit airport (thank you southwest for grabbing it on handing it to me right before takeoff) I wonder how many calories I burn walking back and forth because I forgot something... again. And well again. My morning ritual I walk back into the house every morning. It is ALWAYS something different -_- Tip. When you go to the pharmacy you can ask for an extra empty labelled bottle. Then you can carry just what you need legally and leave the bulk of your prescription in a safe place at home. I track those bottles like gold.  Weird i never get carded at mine. Even for opiate scripts. For a while I had a little wallet attachment on my phone case that held my CC and ID. Somehow NEVER forgot anything bc I just needed that one thing in my pocket. You would still need your ID I think you can pay with a fitbit now too. Or an apple watch Seriously! I don’t know how I ever lived without it. From my understanding it’s more secure too.  This is the second-best reason I've heard to use AI.  The first was the blind using Alexa to navigate the web or identify the colour of clothes. Hi. Tell me more about the self-propagating awkwardness. Is that an ADHD thing? I am unaware of it, but it happens to me ALL. THE. TIME. I always try telling myself to let it go, but I dwell on the stupidest shit... 

The most recent one I can remember was when I bragged to a friend (I'm normally rather humble) about how I "absolutely dominated" one of my fantasy football leagues this year, forgetting completely that he was in said league... then I felt awful about bragging about it... then I couldn't stop kicking myself for using the word "dominated" when I "should have" used something more humble... then circled around trying to figure out if I should say something... all the while talking about who-the-hell-knows-what & trying to pretend I'm conversing normally when really I'm just running around in circles inside my head trying to assess how awkward I am being and thinking about what I said and what I should or should not do about it. Really, the fact is I *did* dominate by outscoring the 2nd highest-scoring team by a solid 15%, and I should have been fine stating what I stated and carried on with conversation. When has that "literally" saved your life? Hahahahaha same. Everyone T work makes fun of me for doing that. I mean doesn’t everyone go home looking like a journal was tattooed on their hands and arms? ... :) Did take me four days and two trips, so I’ll take the win while acknowledging I’m probably in the Pop Warner leagues.  You must be fun at parties.  Yea, my doctor faxes my prescription to my pharmacy! Bless him. 🙃🙂 Oh shit is this in the U.S.? ID LOVE THIS. My doctor told me not to, and I'm an ignorant Canadian living in America, so I believed her. Maybe I can? But she said no. Mine wouldn't let me. Also lost my script after that haha Pharmacies aren't a fan of this.  Yes! My theory is when you tear your house apart frantically looking for something, you will always find something you had frantically looked for previously, but did not find.  Same same. Also putting it back where it rests after a day. If I ever put something down where it isn't meant to be, it is lost forever.

I've only ever "lost" my keys once in my life, and it was because I left the house out of an unlocked door, instead of having to unlock it myself. So I never checked to see I had my key on me. Wasn't part of my ritual, as I'd never needed to. Thankfully, I'd just left them at home. But I got back late, my housemate was not in, and I basically had to call my mother to bring me her spare to let me into my own house at silly o clock.

I felt a right tit, but now I do my best to check I have a key before I go leaving through open doors.

Also lost a phone long ago from a loose pocket, and since now have my phone attached to my belt. Similar with my wallet. Lost one, now chain it to my belt loop. Probably looks silly, but I've never lost either again so far. Drummer checking in. Spot on. Got the Pocket Pat down.  Jesus.
I take a hex bolt inside so u can search for the wrench. Put bolt down find wrench. Back outside. Where bolt.. Hmmm maybe i dropped it in floorboard. Search.. Nope. Put wrench down in floorboard while searching. Keep searching. Duh, dumbass its inside. Walk back inside. See wire crimpers. I will need these. Let me get wire strippers. Go to get wire strippers, put crimpers down. Take strippers to car.  What! I can use these yet.... Ughh. F this. Im done!  They have to scan my license, I go to a pharmacy chain though so that might be the difference.  Yesss.   My phone case has a slot for cards.    It has kept me sane and I don't want a new phone ever- just so I can keep using this case.  I've never shown ID to pick up a prescription. Verify address and DOB. Might be because my address is out of state? They allow that? Local law for me literally requires that I hand carry a hand signed prescription. Yep. Washington state.  I'm an ignorant Canadian living in Canada so I really don't know, hence the question.  It's so much easier here.  I've even had a pharmacy call my doctor to arrange a 10mg prescription to be sent to my location & pay another pharmacy's dispensing fee/costs difference because they gave me 30mg instead of 40mg.  That was a first time visit to that pharmacy, for a drug I'd just started, while I was traveling.   This probably differs by region, but when I first started CNS meds here where I live, they wouldn’t put them on file for me. Literally said they’d be safer with me. They must’ve changed their protocol though, bc recently they’ve been saying “hey do you want us to hold these for you? We can now”. They might actually be getting that them safely holding our scripts might help them remember who the legit people are and who might be acting shady. We have done this every three months for years! It’s a common practice and much easier on EVERYONE than chasing scripts every 30 days.  I get 3 at once. My doc asked me to not take them all to pharmacy at once also. Ignorant Floridian living in America.  Same. And same.  Really?  It's standard practice here.  It's a method of customer retention.  If all your prescriptions are already submitted, you'll fill them there rather than go through the hassle of getting your doctor to cancel the one to send it somewhere else.  Also saves them time due to being able to process all your prescription paperwork at once rather than doing it on 3 separate occasions.  Pre-computers I could see it being a hassle but now days they just scan them into your file if you bring in a paper one.   Really? My pharmacy was the one who suggested it sometimes i tap my foot to fill the 3rd sixteenth note of the phrase like one of those old school gene krupa fills  I go to CVS, so im not sure either. I've also filled at walgreens and they dont ask me. I live in MO, and we dont have much regulation for prescriptions; just federal stuff.  The brand Kikkerland and a few others make these little silicone ones that you can stick onto the back of any phone case. The adhesive has never moved on me and I’ve used it for years! They are supposed to ask for your ID for CII controlled substances like adderall I had to show my ID the first time I got a controlled medication but never again if I was at the Same pharmacy probably because the ID is on file I've had to show ID to drop it off, never to pick it back up. That's interesting NYS recently changed to almost exclusively e-scripts Same here My doctor just punches it into some system on the computer at the office and the pharmacy can read it. All I need to do is to show an ID card Mine needs a little gold sticker.  Mine’s even on some fancy, anti-forgery paper. 🙃 some states thats preferred, especially with controls they are trying to make it as e-scribe only as possible.  It varies by state! I live in NC, where they don’t allow that but many states do Same. Wish I could have a faxed prescription. As someone in NW WA hoping to get a diagnosis and prescription for Vyvanse next week, this literally made my day. 😁 The pharmacy is also assured that the person getting the meds isn’t shopping for a pharmacy that might fill it early, therefore the customers they retain are legitimate ones. Class II are federally controlled... I’m not sure why your pharmacy (or your state, can’t tell) is breaking the law. I don’t mean that judgementally, I just don’t understand lol At my pharmacy we only ID for "pure" substances, oxycodone, methadone, morphine, and hydromorphone I think? 

We don't ID for ADHD meds, but that might also be our area. We don't get fake sketchy ADHD scripts. Just pain meds. 
 Ah, that explains it. I've been on the same Rx for a few months, that's probably why I can't remember having to show ID For everything below Schedule 2, it is preferred. However, Indiana requires a physical script for anything Schedule 2. Also, no refills - you have to go in to the doctor's office once a month, pick up the paper script, and manually run it to the pharmacy.

I believe this came to be due to the opioid crisis, since they make up most of the prescribed Schedule 2 drugs, but stimulants got caught up in it. Generally scripts for CIIs are. They have this interesting heat-sensitive watermark thing that shows up when you breathe on it. Fun to play with, actually! I just looked it up, its not federal law to require id. My state doesnt require  it. (MO) Yeah it might be a store by store policy. We do it for all CII medications, but I also live in a relatively upper class area where you have a lot of docs writing adderall for the overly go getter crowd.  Really? Huh TIL That's me.  