Made sure not to forget anything, and then went and forgot my wallet So this Wednesday I had an appointment with my occupational therapist and I'd asked for the day off but I didn't get it as my boss just up and quit and I had to come in but they let me go an hour early so I could make it.

Anyway, just before leaving I was so stressed because I had to bike to the bus terminal and be sure I had everything in my bag and not forget everything so I took my entire bag apart just to be sure and put it back in again.

So I biked to the bus terminal and it was only there I realised I had forgotten (or worse, lost?) my wallet. At any rate, it wasn't with me when I was looking for my fare. Couldn't bike back, I was gonna miss the damn bus and be late.

I was panicking but the bus driver took pity on me and didn't make me pay. At the end of the line I had to ask people for change to make my bus connection, and this was so fucking humiliating. Phoned my mother, who was working from home, and she wouldn't help me.

Not having my wallet also meant once I got there there was no fucking way I could get back home so I was kind of desperate at this point.

I was fortunate enough that my brother gave me a ride, but fucking shit, if I wasn't panicking.

Goes to show, though, that my brain isn't made to compose with changes to my routine because there's not enough space in there to remember both my appointment and my wallet.

Felt so fucking stupid. I'm sorry :/

That's a crappy situation.

I know I'm not adding anything to your post; just wanted to show you that people did read your post and empathized with you.

I hope tomorrow is better for you :) Oh thanks! I don't think my post added anything to the community either. XD It feels like more venting than anything else now. Was shit when it happened, though.

Anyway, thanks for your empathy. You're nice. Nice people are awesome. You're welcome, and thank you for the compliment :)

Sooner or later I know I'm gonna vent here too. This sub is great, and the people here are the reason it's great.  It really is! I haven't found anyone here who wasn't nice, and that's great. Kindness is hugely underappreciated. (Think of like no one wants to be a Hufflepuff even though they're the coolest) 