Can't find my keys, forgot my purse, running late, where's my brain again?? ADHD as an adult. I've had ADHD my entire life. I was diagnosed at the age of 11, which  was 16 years ago(I'm turning 27 in three weeks). I still remember the day my mother snapped and went to get me tested. 

Back story: I was a brat child. By this,  I mean I was one of those kids who would never ever sit still.  Staying at my desk or playing quietly and using my indoor voice was a foreign concept to my little 9 year old brain(and years before that, obviously. I'm using nine as a mere example for the situation).  

I would always be deemed 'crazy'  and 'annoying'  by my friends and peers. This made me an easy target for being bullied,  and teased by my friends and classmates. 

'High energy' was an understatement.  But looking back,  I have more memories of my childhood of being hyperactive vs inattentive...except  for the day of the listening test. 

This day(and the day the teacher handed back the test)  sticks out particularly in my mind. I was 10 years old,  fourth grade,  Mrs Claire's class. We were doing a short listening test. Meaning,  she would read us a story,  then we had a test on the story  content. 
I don't remember the story,  I don't even remember where my mind was wandering. Most likely lost in a daydream, or looking out the window,  or maybe even possibly playing the the eraser on my pencil. Who knows. 

I remember trying to do the test,  guessing half of the answers. then panicking on how my mother was going to kill me when she found out I did poorly. Which in turn,  takes me to the test results.  16%. 

My mother was always strict with me to get good marks. I was always used to doing well. So seeing that stupid 16% marked down in red pen felt like I was staring at a prison sentence... I was going to be grounded for the rest of my life.  

Needless to say that between my fantasies of running away or pretending I lost the test in the wind on the short walk to my mother's car in the parking lot, I knew how much  s*** I was in. I kept thinking how it wasn't fair. But had no idea that in reality,  it was partly not my fault. 

My mother flipped.

My. memories get fuzzy from that point, but I remember several doctors visits,  bloodwork,  psychologists,  psychiatrists,  getting an EEG at one point to measure my brain activity levels. Then medication.  

They tried me on several types of medication with close monitoring by the Psychiatrist and my pediatrician. I recall diet modification at one point.  The only reason I remember that was because I wasn't allowed to eat ice cream.. this is mortifying for most ten year olds. 

The trials of meds and psychological testing continued until I was finished junior high school. At this point they found a short acting med that worked for me so I could be at school and focus,  yet it would wear off by lunch and supper,  so I was able to feel hungry and be able to actually eat a meal. 

I hated the meds. I hated the way they made me feel,  and I hated the routine of taking a pill several times a day  and  I hated being force fed not feeling hungry because of the med side effects...  Be that as it may,  it DID work for me so I was able to succeed academically..although socially it made no difference. People still thought I was 'annoying'  or 'crazy'  due to my erratic impulsively and energy.   

I somehow made it through university and college to become a medic which turned out to be a fantastic career choice for me because of the fact that it is so fast paced and ever changing.

 Long story short, I'm an adult now  late twenties. Let me tell you. There are still challenges daily that others with ADD/ADHD  can relate to. 

Ever misplace your keys?  Run late for an appointment because you thought you had enough time to get ready and get there? Or have you gotten  a phone call stating you missed an important date or appointment because you wrote it down wrong on the calendar? 

This describes a normal day for me. I've tried to make lists to remind myself of things to do and apportionment times.  What a joke. The thing about making a list is that you need to be able to remember to CHECK the g****** list.  Lists are useless for me. 

As an adult I can better cope with inactivity and impulsivity. But the careless mistakes and forgetfulness are common everyday challenges. 

I have yet to figure out a solution to this. Anyone have any ideas?  I have never actually sat down and discussed having ADHD with  anyone because it was a normal part of who I was growing up. 
Another challenge working against me now is I have depression to go along with my ADHD. soo this means I'm trying to wade through my normal time management issues and carelessness on top of not being able to actually get out of bed(absolutely useless for time management skills). 

So because I've never really talked with anyone else who has ADHD and how they cope with daily challenges.. I'm curious to know what techniques and methods others use to make life a little easier.  >The thing about making a list is that you need to be able to remember to CHECK the g****** list.

:-/


yep

 I installed an organizer on my wall right next to my door that has 2 dividers and 2 hooks- I use one divider for mail and put my keys in the other divider area as soon as I am inside-  even before taking off my shoes/coat/etc.  and then put my purse on the hook directly after.  This has decreased the frequency of losing my purse and keys significantly. I've been working a job the past 3 weeks where pretty much every day, without fail, I go out the door forgetting something. I work outside so it adds about 5 steps to my morning.

I have to remember these things every morning...

* Take A Shower
* Make Lunch
* Eat Breakfast
* Brush Teeth
* Check Weather
* Put on Suntan Lotion if Sunny
* Put on Handcream
* Put on Bug Spray
* Keys
* Wallet
* Phone
* Work Tag
* Chewing Gum
* Pedometer
* Comb Hair
* Put on Deodorant
* Shave
* Pack Tissues
* Put on Work Pants
* Put on Work Shirt
* Pack Work Hoodie if Cold

I usually forget 3-5 of those every morning and it drives me insane. I've been a few minutes late to work several times now. I'm 39 and only been recently diagnosed because, well it took years of trying to treat depression and anxiety before something clicked with my psychiatrist. Started me on concerta and boyo does it help.

BUT, I still lose my keys, make lists, forget the list, lose my purse, etc. 

My saving grace has been my phone. I never seem to lose that. Google calendar has been a godsend for appointments. I have it set to notify me 2 days before, then 2 hours before that way if I have to cancel anything I'm still in the window of not getting charged. 

I have a whiteboard next to my computer that I make notes on. My husband checks that and calls me on it to make sure I get the things done I want to do, or need to do. 

Grocery lists? I make them, the forget it at home. Snap a pic of the list with your phone.  Digital coupons, grocery store apps. Lifesavers to the stay at home me.  Lists are not useless. Put on your phone and have the phone beep you to check the lists and calendar. My calendar is set to "remind me 2 days ahead, 1 day ahead and then 1 hour ahead.  You can make it work for you. I calendar all my stuff I have to get done.  This describes me very well also. I am a 28yo that has struggled with ADHD throughout since I can remember. I was not diagnosed until I was around 15. Through college I ended up taking meds because that was the only thing that helped me become a functional adult. I am in a job that very well suits ADHD and they is always change and different stuff to focus on. I decided to get off of medication because of some of the extreme side effects with adderall xr.  That being said 2 months ago I noticed that I had become comfortable in the job and things have started to get worse again at work and at home. I ended up doing some research. I found a lot of people saying that Vyvanse has a much lower chance of causing side effects due to how it is absorbed into your system. I am still adjusting my dose but so far I have minimal side effects with good results. I am glad that I gave medication another shot and taking to my doc about it was easy. I just brought it up with my concerns and told him about what I have heard thru research with in my case Vyvanse. Hopefully this helps a little.  TL;dr version? I have to put things where I remember them. 

Even then, today I walked out the door without my badges, which are hanging by the door. I usually put my car keys on top of them so that I remember them.

I brush my teeth in the shower. Why? Because then I see the toothbrush and toothpaste. I stare at it. I know it's there. If I move it, I will forget. I forgot to comb my hair this morning too. Comb was in a different spot. Not next to my deodorant. 

I have to have stuff be glaringly obvious for me to remember it. If I don't I will walk out the door without my laptop, my lunch bag, my wallet, my phone, my badges, my glasses, or breakfast. That is just to go to work in the morning. 

Every morning I do a check. This morning I didn't.

The check goes: Wallet, keys, phone, badges, laptop, lunch bag, glasses, ring, fitbit. I lay my hand on each one as I say it. I repeat this every morning to help me not to forget anything. 

I have to set reminders in Google Cal for me to remember any appointments, even then, it has to have reminders set.  Time management for me if very difficult but I have found something that works but it has taken me years of practice and work to get it right. What is it?

Google Calendar.

I live with my phone. It is always with me, if I don't have it I am lost. There is no hope. It has number and emails and notes and my Google Calendar. It reminds me to leave for appointments, it has appointments.

I write everything in it, the minute that I learn about it. Even if it's a tentative thing. When calling a doctor or my tattoo guy to make an appointment I have it open and don't hang up until I've confirmed it.

I also opt in for every reminder available. Call me before? YES! Email? WOO!

The thing about is that this took practice. Years and years of it.

I was diagnosed in 1st grade and was medicated until the end of high school. We fought the system hard to get me and my brothers support in school as well as into programs that would help us build skills. Not everything stuck but I was lucky enough that some did.

Routine also helps. I get up around the same time EVERY DAY (even on days off unless ill) and do that same thing in the morning:

1) Check Email (any emergencies? pervious days sales figures)

2) Check Calendar (what and when is first meeting of the day?)

3) Check Weather (Can I ride the motorcycle or do I need the car?)

4) Dressed

5) Breakfast/Meds
 I can't tell you how many times I walk out my door, all the way down my stairs, only to realize I forgot something and need to go back up. And I only notice b/c usually it's my keys that I forgot! I forget everything, and I've been trying to figure out how to improve.

The only thing that sometimes works is "environmental switch checkpoints."

What I try to do is every time I'm about to switch environments (leave the house, get off the train, leave work, etc.)... I try to make myself stop and think if there's anything I need to remember.

This work okay, since it's only one thing to remember... and usually if I just stop for a few seconds and think, I'll remember my keys, wallet, phone, etc..... it's not perfect, but haven't come up with anything else.

The feeling of realizing you've forgotten something once it's too late is horrible. Oh gosh. My clustery situation has only recently been attributed to adhd (I had a meltdown at my old job and was sent to EAP, where they diagnosed me) I also struggle with anxiety and depression. 
Maybe the last month or two I have gotten into situations that have really messed up my routine. I workout for an hour at lunch,which is great for adhd, but have been too busy and have changed my schedule. I've been traveling which makes it even more chaotic. I've sort of shutdown or as my therapist calls it, "turtling", not wanting to make any changes and sort of being paralyzed in the moment. 
Today I worked out during lunch,had my healthy meals, and am trying to get back into my routine. I think that has helped me the most...just having a set routine to follow. 

TL;DR Routines help me deal with my adhd, overall. I pick one spot in my home and that is where my everyday carry goes. As soon as I walk in the door, my carry is placed at that location and left until I walk out the door again. Except my phone, which is always handy if not on that spot.

Any time I need to take something with me when I leave the next day, my keys go with it since I can't leave home without my keys. Often that means leaving my keys in the fridge on top of whatever food I want to take along. [deleted] That's an idea.. I have a white board in the kitchen, but something like the divider idea would definitely save me some hassle for scrambling last minute for keys and purse etc. What do you do for a living?  Something outdoors obviously, but that's a hell of a morning routine.  How do you combine those things?  I find my morning really goes to hell if I have to wander all over the house looking for shit and it REALLY adds up when we sleep on the third floor and have to go to the basement for laundry. 

Bathroom:

- Take a shower
- Brush teeth
- Put on sunscreen
- Put on hand cream
- Put on deodorant
- Shave (if I shaved every day I doubt I'd ever make it to work)

Bedroom:

- Work Pants and shirt, Hoodie, then comb hair.

- Wallet, Keys, Work tag, Pedometer, Tissues, and Gum should be the same step.  Can you keep the tissues and gum in the car?

Kitchen:  

- Breakfast and Lunch.  Maybe pack lunch the night before.  I try to but forget frequently and it adds quite a bit of time to my morning.

Outside or at work:  Bug spray.  That shit is just nasty. Write it all down, put it on the wall next to the front door and read it before you walk out the door. Grocery lists I've put on the phone too. I do find that quite helpful. Much better than a paper list that I usually leave in my car half the time anyway. Google Inbox is great for this. A simple "Remind me X at 9AM tomorrow" to the phone and it's locked in. Been add all my life. Can't remember anything and always poor time management. Coping ideas?? With me a lot, I forgot things like my phone charger or debit cards home. Luckily with my work, I can take the rig to my place and grab them if needed, but it is annoying. I keep my dental floss in the shower too! It is the only thing on my soap dish (all other products are on another rack) so it is a good visual reminder.  Last time I was at the dentist I mentioned how hard it is to consistently floss and she mentioned this tip.  I am much better at flossing now. Cannot get that thing to do irregular schedules repeated so I gave up. Google calendar would work great for my morning list and reminders of things to remember to do. It's the worst. Or when you're halfway somewhere to have to turn back to get something forgotten. I'm sorry to hear that the depression and anxiety with the adhd is making it difficult.. I'm going though a major depressive episode myself. I know how much more difficult it makes things. A set routine is helpful to me as well. As spontaneous and energetic as I usually was, uncertainty fuels my anxiety depression issues. 
I hope things start to get better for you, I have heard exercise and healthy eating and sleep patterns are good for both depression and adhd.  So so sadly true My planners all sat on my desk, unopened and "something I should get to sometime." [this](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71kqJqPypYL._SY355_.jpg) is the one that I found to use - it has helped decrease my stress level when leaving home a lot.  Although it is still a challenge to use it 100% of the time. Aha, thanks, other than medication, it's so individual.
I hate lists, am still trying. Lots of exercise helps. Optimal food. Supplementing w fish oil, magnesium, vit D. Getting Outside in nature and outside of oneself, helps.
Similar problems as everyone described, persist I keep a phone charger in both of my vehicles so that I don't forget one, plus one in my laptop bag. 

Not having my wallet is annoying as hell, I am just glad I have not forgotten it in an time when I really need it. I had a dream where I forgot my wallet, and I could not buy lunch or gas, and my vehicle was out of gas. Thankfully it was a dream. I was telling my co-worker about it, and he realized he forgot his wallet. I laughed and said "at least you aren't out of gas." He replied that actually he was. 

Exxon Mobile has these little keyring NFC devices called Speedpass that would allow me to buy things like gas and lunch or drinks as long as I had my keys. 

I can't wait until I get my Apple Watch, because then I can do Apple Pay for a lot of things (as long as I remember to wear it). 
 I just set them up as each appointment, its the only way. It doesn't work for everyone but it does for me. Only thin that's worked. I think I'm actually coping in a healthy way, but it's just realizing that I am worth the effort that it takes to really work on things. I have a therapist/life coach and am working through things, which is helpful. I guess it's just good to know I am not alone, haha (I'm 28 f) [deleted] That key ring sounds awesome! If my airmiles card and debit card could be put on a key ring I think my life would be set! I have multiple chargers for my phone  in various places. I should probably organize them.. Yes, I did set it as appt. as I recall. My frustration is with whomever designs these calendars and their functions. Why can't it handle something simple like "7pm- 7a" without making lines through 2 calendar days. Inflexible and conventional .If I had conventional timings and schedule ,and life routine same...like m-f 8-5 I wouldn't need the freakin calendar now would I ? (Hypothetically Speaking to the creator of these calendars /planners) Just use a planner, they say. You'll have everything organized and be able to remember them, no problem, they say.  I can definitely relate,  similar issues with keeping track of the calendar events, time in general . It seems you could be monitoring it, very responsibly , watching it like a hawk and suddenly it all changes on you due to some inexplicable error.  [Speedpass](http://www.exxon.com/speedpass)

[Visa Paywave](http://usa.visa.com/personal/security/card-technology/visa-paywave.jsp) - Older system of cards. Some banks used to offer mini and micro cards, but ditched them. I know Bank of America was one. This was like 7 years ago though. Now some banks and credit card companies are picking up on ApplePay as the new wave.

 Well, OP asked what people use that works for them. Google Cal works for me.

My schedule is pretty similar, I do the same things around the same times everyday. Its probably the only reason it works for me. Part of me wants to take a hole punch and just attach the airmiles card to my keychain ;) but I'm resisting the urge .. Also, I don't know if visa pay wave is available in Canada.. I should look into it. Ok I'm jealous  