Went into school and forgot my concerta. Lost my phone 3 times, my nicest hoodie, my bag and then my headphones! Whoever said they didn't love ADHD is obviously wrong.  how can you lose your phone 3 times. did this happen in the same day?

and how can you forget your bag. especially in school. 99,99% of the time it is habit to take the bag after you put your books into it. you will feel that something is missing if you dont have the weight in your back. unless ofc you left it somewhere then forgot to get back to it. but still losing phones 3times holy shit. it is very hard for me to believe this story. Are you familiar with ADHD? When I've not taken my meds I have stories exactly like this. I can go into a room five times in a row and forget what I was going to do there all five times. Of course there are different severities of symptoms experienced by people with ADHD, so others might not have the same experiences. are you familiar with ADHD? just because you zone out many times and get lost in your thoughts, doesn't mean you are UNABLE to get ANY things you have to take. 

basics of ADHD is you get lost in thoughts, but physical activity "wakes" you. so when you are packing your bag with your books, you are reminded that there is a bag you have to take. plus you still have your habits. so missing weight from your back with no bag will feel weird.

you can lose phones obviously. maybe lose it twice in that day if you are rushing somewhere. but 3 times that must be fake. especially with all the other things he said like "then my headphones" I believe you lol. I have really bad days sometimes and losing my phone and a bunch of other things is not uncommon. My phone automatically connecting to Bluetooth in my car was a godsend...then I know if I have my phone on me or not and can go back inside places to search for my phone. I feel like I need to glue my phone and keys and wallet to myself... Lol...it's more severe for some people. It is not that big of a stretch for someone to lose something three times. 

I left my phone at the grocery store once while putting dog food into my cart (set it on a shelf for some reason), and then left it in the shopping cart, same day. I had to call the store and I was lucky someone had found it... as i said, losing it twice in the same day can happen like maybe once every 10.000times you put down your phone. but 3 times is a stretch. a huge stretch. not even old alzheimer people lose their shit that often. maybe out of this whole subreddit there was once a guy who lost his phone 3 times in a day, but OP lost all the other shit too which makes me very VERY suspicious about his truthfulness. Wtf? Why do you care so much? Even if it was hyperbole it's weird that you are obsessing over the truthfulness of a story lol. You need to relax. welcome to my life. my whole life is obsessing about truthfulness and self lying. 5 days until i meet with psychiatrist so until then im off the meds and i guess old habits die hard. maybe will be the same with medication too who knows. 