What are some reasonable accommodations for retail/fast food/ minwage employees with ADHD I’m having a real hard time at my workplace and I’m applying for reasonable accommodation but I don’t know what could help me,

My adhd is really bad and treatment isn’t working very well, 

What could help a retail employee  I’m a manager at a location such as this. Working with people with adhd is a struggle. I like to write them lists of their responsibilities. And I put them in order. That helps a lot. I also urge them to lock their phones away where they can’t get to them. And practice taking criticism and following instructions/asking questions when necessary. 

Your managers will have to remind you to stay on task and you need to be able to say yes without getting irritated. You will need to follow their instructions without going rogue. If it doesn’t make sense, ask for help. If you need to ask “why” wait until your manager has a calm moment. In the mean time just do the thing. 

Create a path for yourself at work. I work in a kitchen, so I start my cleaning/stocking etc. at one end of the kitchen and move in a straight line. That way if I get distracted and forget what I’m doing, I can remember based on where I’m standing. (Eg. I’m standing in front of the cooler. It’s full, but dirty. So I was cleaning)

If you’re medicated, stay on that regime. If it needs to change for some reason, let a trusted manager know. I can’t count the amount of times my employees went Jekyll and Hyde on me, only to find out they forgot their meds. Yes, we can tell. And no, it’s not pleasant for us either.

But mostly, figure out what works for you and be your own advocate. Retail managers are not educators, they’re not psychiatrists and more than likely, they have little to no experience managing adhd. Nor do they have to. Legally, it’s not labeled as a disability so accommodations are not necessary by law. A good manager will work with you, but a good manager is also pretty rare.  What are your exact job specifications? Stock...sell...etc.   

I mean reasonable accommodation potentially  covers a wide array of things. For example, before I became a dept manager my managers let me leave the floor to do my work because I have a hard time recovering from interruptions. They also waited patiently while I wrote down my duties. Those are small things but they do make a difference.  

I've never applied for anything official. Going back to the list thing...make yourself a master list of things you are responsible for. Write out how-to’s for cleaning procedures. That way when you are interrupted, you can refer back to it. Interruptions happen, especially in this field.  They are annoying af, but it’s not something that will change. It gets easier to shrug off with time. Similarly, The only way to become faster at your tasks is to do them. Write out your own list of duties for you to reference.  Every time you forget something/they comment, add it to the list immediately.  If they say you focus too much on the list, ask what they'd rather you focus on, add that to the top of the list.

Retail, especially busy retail, can be quite good for ADHD because you're constantly bouncing between tasks/dealing with things people would normally get stressed over.  As long as you can remember them (list) and prioritize (order said list) then you should be good.   Also, just because your manager won’t give you a list, they can’t fault you for creating your own. Part of being your own advocate sometimes means being proactive about things like this. My problem is I have asked for like a list of what needs to be done by I was told no “because I’d focus on that too much” so I have to pull it from a memory that doesn’t exist, and even though I’m medicated it’s not really working, but getting appointments takes a really long time... like months 

I am filing a reasonable accommodations thing though because of his refusal to give me a list of what I have to do because it will help me... 

Though, I do have to correct you on one thing... if the adhd hinders you significantly from performing some tasks then it is considered a disability, so like if it’s almost impossible for someone to remember something unless it’s written that would be a disability  Basically stock: and deal well with interruptions immediately completing the task I was doing without missing a beat

Ring people in

Clean everything and remember what to clean and deal with constant interruption without faltering and do everything quicker than expected I can’t do a list because I’d need to make 17 different lists :/ 
The list I talked about was for everyone working evenings but would include everything, that needs to get done for the morning/ not dependent on the shift I do They will throw away a list I make and complain that I’m messy but I’ll still forget many things on said list... like I’ll forget to list them I had the same issue with a previous employer. I asked my manager multiple times to write down what I needed to do and he refused. They handled my request by implementing a very difficult to reach sales quota on me and let me go when I didn't reach it. I've been unemployed since. It's a tough world out there for people like us and nobody wants to give us the benefit of the doubt :( I’m sorry your manager is an ass. I don’t really understand his point. If not a list of your responsibilities, what else would he like you to be focusing on???

and as far as the disability thing, I only meant legally speaking. But your h.r dept would know better than me. I encourage you to contact them. And/or go above your manager to his boss. Request a meeting with all three of them so you guys can create a plan together.  Ok yeah so retail. Haha. I'd be interested to see what happens after you apply for that.  

I mean it's not exactly asking for the world for a manager to give you step by step info for you to write down, if that helps. Everyone is different. Then make 17 different lists.

Sounds like you're making a lot of excuses of why you can't do things people are suggesting and looking for your employer to magically solve the problems you're having.  Write a list. Put it in your pocket. Refer to it as needed. Put it back in your pocket. You don’t need to write a new one every day. If you disclosed your adhd previously you might be able to get unemployment benefits  Thing is, the lists I make don’t work because I forget half the things I’m supposed to add to them But I do, since there’s 3 different evening shifts and 5 different morning shifts and 4 different weekend shifts... Yup! I did receive unemployment benefits for that year. Another excuse.  Add them immediately when you are told/think of it. But that’s not really an excuse 
I literally can’t remember what to add.. and since it has to be in order I can’t just add it to the end  You can.  Then later, when you have time/focus, re-write the list in the new prioritized order.  Until you can rewrite it, you still have a visual reminder. 