ADHD and lack of self-control with regards to food Since ADHD is a disorder of self-regulation, of not being able to take steps in the present to improve the future and giving in to distraction easily, all those things could very easily apply to our relationship with food as well. Russell Barkley mentions this in his book too.

I’m writing this as I eat an ice-cream bar  that I should have saved for another day because I already had two sweets today and I’m trying to lose weight.

Do you think your ADHD defines your relationship with food-related temptation and exercise? What has helped, if anything? Our relationship to food is a bit more complicated, I think.  Non-ADHD's have similar struggles with food regulation, since the brain is hard-wired to want rewards.  Food is also vital to survival, so we're dealing with a very complicated set of circumstances here.

In my opinion, ADHD would only be one part of the equation, not a defining factor. I have no tips or tricks, as I also struggle with this. But I have a follow-up question: do you deal with “hanger,” or being extremely irritable or short-tempered when hungry? I feel like mine is debilitating. It’s *bad.* And it’s not hypoglycemia, my blood sugar stays normal. 

Just wondering if this was an issue ADHDers have or just a me thing. I have the opposite problem. I don't have any eating disorders, but I skip so many meals, and I don't snack.

I ignore hunger feelings, and I procrastinate making or finding food. Sometimes I just forget entirely. I'm not talking about occasionally forgetting lunch but instead realizing I haven't eaten in days.

Since supper on Friday I have had half a sandwich. I'm starting a new job though so a scheduled lunch break should help for when I remember to bring one.

It's a different kind of problem, but I think it must have at least something to do with my ADHD. HUGE sugar addict here. I've been hiding candy and eating it in secret for as long as I remember. Thankfully my parents encouraged good eating habits other than my sneaky (disordered) eating. As I got older and started living more independently and could buy whatever I wanted...things got bad. Like eating whole bags of discount halloween/valentines day candy bad. I didn't know I was really a sugar addict until I started to eat keto (read: very little sugar or carbs). It is the ONLY thing that has helped me with eating better. The first week was incredibly difficult but now I DONT CRAVE CANDY ANYMORE AT ALL. I do cheat every now and then and have ice cream or a fun size candy bar, but it doesn't escalate into binges like it used to. It is incredible and has changed my life and relationship to food in so many ways for the better.  I’ve had a lifetime of struggling to control my sugar cravings. One cookie always led to the whole bag of cookies, which led to eating a pint of ice cream st midnight. I’m also a recovered alcoholic, so I’ve got other similar issues too. I’ve recently had good results from going on a keto diet. Basically quitting sugar, and eating very low carb. No starches, no fruit, basically just eat meat, eggs, cheese, nuts, and vegetables. It’s obviusly NOT for everyone, but for me it was like the joy and relief I got when I finally quit drinking. There was a monkey off my back. I’ve been eating this way for a year and a half, and I’ve lost fifty pounds, too. Just one guy’s experience, but maybe you’ll find it helpful. Good luck! I have always had really intense carb cravings and could binge on carbs, especially sweets. There was a short period of time when I smoked pot (due to my partner suffering from and eventually dying from cancer) and we would go binge eat at all you can eat sushi buffets or we would line up a whole bunch of sweets and munchies before getting high.

But I digress, my carb cravings made it hard to diet and once when i was doing well on a diet after about a month I had such intense carb cravings that I couldnt focus on work and had to leave, eventually I caved.

so when i heard about the meds affect on others, there is another poster who mentions he "forgets to eat" I was looking forward to that as a nice side benefit.
but it didnt quite work that way for me.

Concerta didnt really make a difference for the first few months until I bumped it up to 54mg.
After that i noticed that i was still hungry but it helped curb cravings, it was slightly easier to resist my appetite forget to.eat ? nope that hasn't.happened. 
but I have been tracking my calories to.lose weight my calorie level is 2300 cal max.
I have averaged 1600 for the past 30 days but it has been a conscientious effort and I'm sure the medication has helped. Stop dieting! 

I'm not saying go around eating a bunch of ice cream bars all day every day, but I am saying to eat intuitively. Having a salad for lunch is great, and having a brownie for snack is also great.

 The real problem lies in the binging and restricting of calories. This is the cause of binge eating. Your brain literally emitts hormones that make you crave and seek out the highest calorie food when you go on a diet.  

Since I stopped dieting last year, I have not one instance of binge eating, and I have not gained any weight, and my health has not deteriorated. Binging is something I dealt with for over a decade.  I have found that by having easy-to-grab healthy* snacks, and setting an alarm a few times a day to remind me to eat, that I generally can do better making food related decisions.  A lot of times, at least for me, I eat the 'bad'* stuff because it's there and I'm ravenous. 

But yes, it's definitely been a factor in my eating habits and food temptations.

*'bad' food = food I'm allergic to. I don't like calling food 'bad' in general.  1000x yes

https://www.additudemag.com/slideshows/adhd-obesity-link/

Article name- ADHD-Dopamine Link: Why You Crave Sugar and Carbs.

I know a lot of it is I need to battle the cravings more, but without my medication I crave carbs and sugar so much for that dopamine fix, and on medication ...I still do. It will come more at night after the meds wear off, even if I make sure to eat balanced throughout the day. 

It is truly one of my hardest struggles.

Also, when my dosage of medication was much higher (and incorrect), i could be one of those who forgets to eat, but not at all now with the correct dosage.
 I definitely agree. No I actually don’t get that. I get irritable on almost all other occasions though, lol. I used to be a hangry maniac. I would turn into a total grumpy toddler if I was hungry and around people. How did you know it wasn't hypoglycemia? Doesn't that happen normally for everyone during the day?  I, on the other hand, polished off a 5 pound bag of sour patch kids I got on Wednesday this morning.  Naturally low carb eating gets downvotes outsdie of /r/keto.  I'm in the same boat.  I was an absolute sucker for carby food, particularly beer, bread, pasta and almost anything deep fried.  3 1/2 years ago I yanked out my back worse than I ever have before and the weight loss journey started.  I went from 402 to 237lbs eating keto...most of which was off of vyvanse, so I had only will power and my wife's support to keep myself from binge eating.  Vyvanse helped for the last 30lbs or so and it's keeping me from putting on weight as well... Exactly.  Diets do not work.  I know, because I was a yo-yo dieter for many years.

My snacks are rarely high-sugar foods, since I don't keep them in the house anymore.  Fruit, nuts, veggies, and cheese sticks are the go-to.  I also stopped eating almost all processed foods except as rare treats, and that includes bread.  Funny how all those food cravings stopped, and I lost about 40 pounds over the course of 18 months.

Now if I want candy or ice cream, which is rare, I have to leave home to get it, and I make myself walk to do so.  I also read up a LOT about gut bacteria in the book *The Yeast Connection* by Dr. William Crook, which is highly informative about the connection between our junk food cravings, gut bacteria and obesity.  The book is available for not much money on Amazon, and I highly recommend it. That’s a good tip! Oh interesting! My partner is diabetic, so I’ve tested my fasting (hangry!) blood sugar a few times and it stays normal. Honestly it’s probably more related to my hormonal issues. I gotta go low-carb again but meal planning and grocery shopping is such a nightmare. :( Wow, way to go!! Very impressive! Good luck and thanks for the comment. I hope your back feels better.  