Ever forget whether or not you took your meds? I’m dealing with that this morning! I’ve taken Lamictal (mood stabilizer) for almost two years now. It causes short-term memory loss, but I’ve managed it pretty well and would rather deal with that than go back to who I was and how I felt without it. I manage the short-term memory loss with tons of reminders on my phone (even for silly things like returning library books), rituals like making sure I always put my keys in the same place, and just being kind to myself.

This morning I woke up after a good long night of sleep. My husband was trying to get my daughter off to school and struggling because she was being a little difficult, so I stepped in to get her to hurry up.

I was paying attention to what was going on (and still feeling a little groggy) while pouring my cup of coffee and taking my morning meds (Buspar and Vyvanse.) 

I remember picking up the bottle of Lamictal and going, “Oh wait, not this one,” (I take that at night,) and I put it down. 

Then I picked up the bottle of Buspar and noticed there were only 2 pills left in there. I had a moment where I was holding the bottle and forgot what I was doing. I thought to myself, “Oh, yeah, I’m taking my meds.”

Then I had like 4 seconds where I was mostly paying attention to my husband and daughter and not what I was doing. 

I remember getting some water and knocking back my meds. 

The SECOND I set the water glass down, I looked at my husband and said: “What did I just take?”

I seriously could not remember if I took my Vyvanse or not. Like I just blanked it.

The good thing is that this is a med that, if I didn’t take it, I can tell. Usually I just end up feeling like I could fall asleep and take a nap by maybe 10/11am.

But I’m sitting here after a good night’s sleep and 2 big cups of coffee and I cannot tell how I feel! This is so frustrating! I can’t tell if I still feel a little tired because I’ve only been up for an hour, or because I didn’t take my meds!

I guess time will tell. But it better tell soon because if I realize closer to 11/12 that I’m feeling tired and didn’t take my Vyvanse, then I’ll  probably end up taking it and be up later than I would like. (It doesn’t really affect my ability to sleep too much, just, if I take it too late I might be up until closer to midnight.)

So frustrating!! Always makes me feel kind of dumb, too. I think I need to get one of those pill sorters with both AM and PM slots. (I only have a PM one right now.) 

I know I’m not alone though!  Of course  always best to not take meds that have serious consequences if you take too much.  I have a "speaking alarm clock" app  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wan.pclock  you can program it to say "Time to take your Adderall"  or whatever.  And just make sure you don't shut that alarm off until you really did do it.  Yiu can put them all in at set times. Get one of those day of the week pill boxes! There are pill bottles with timers on them that reset when you open them-they’re surprisingly cheap. Pretty sure they’re meant for old people lol, but they’re awesome for this 