I wonder how much time I spend every day flipping back and forth between my two home screens because I can’t remember why I picked up my phone.  Are you me? 
I sometimes freeze up and think what the fuck is going on? Where am I? What time is it?
It is like my brain loses wifi connection to its memory for a second. Anybody else open up an app, dick around a bit, close it to go on a new app, THEN OPEN THE SAME DAMN APP AGAIN???? Sometimes I pick up my phone to do something, forget what it was, then like 30 minutes later realised I've just moved from looking at facebook on my pc to looking at facebook on my phone. Oh yeah. I mostly go into an infinite loop between three websites/apps where I go for hours without finding anything new.  Error 552: Requested action aborted. Command lost  phone is my figet toy, that sometimes bugme with calls. I actually wonder this! I spend WAY TOO PONG just thinking of something, picking my phone to write it down/look it up/do something, and then I just forget Story.  Of. My. Life.  Too many. I open my phone to do something and I end up on Reddit.  I've recently cut down to only one home screen. I actually helped a lot!  How well do you sleep? This issue became way less frequent when I fixed my sleeping problems. Cognitive function is so much better you wouldn't believe it! Now I usually only have some of these problems when I don't take my medication. This is why I was so reluctant to give up on Windows 10 Mobile. Those damn live tiles were perfect for combating this. Scan failed (-1): Read Timeout I work shifts and have kids, so I’m screwed in that department. I’m off meds for a while because of health issues too, which certainly doesn’t help.  You can still install the Windows Launcher!, Ugh that's hard. You are strong!  I tried several on the Play Store and none were very good. They all either had issues with appearance, performance, functionality, or all of the above. Bizarrely enough, now I'm using Microsoft Launcher. The pages you can set up for Calendar, Notes, etc. aren't quite Metro or Live Tiles, but they're very helpful. That's the one I meant, sorry haha. I have never used I before, but I will give it a try because it sounds nice I've been using it since it was called Arrow Launcher, it's amazing, you owe it to yourself to try it out! I just installed it! It looks pretty clean, only thing that bothers me a bit is the performance; it felt a bit more laggy than Nova launcher. I just turned on the performance mode tho and it works pretty flawless right now! I have the performance mode enabled too, but only because I wasn't a fan of all the blur and transparency. It's a bit more resource intensive than some lightweights, but it's still lighter than the stock LG launcher on my phone. Love the customization too, now you have a bunch of potential icon packs at your disposal!

Glad you like it. Haha yeah true man! Thanks! 