It's kinda lame that my condition makes me forget whether I did or did not take the meds for my condition. #***EDIT***: please don't suggest I get a pill organizer. This post is about finding a solution already. Read before commenting. Read the 20 other comments that suggest a pill organizer.

 I would get a lot of anxiety over trying to remember if I took my meds or not. If I take them twice, I'm going to be a strung out nuerotic mess all day and scare my coworkers. I scare them enough on a normal day. If I don't take them, I'll be a hopeless mess.

I had an anxiety attack at work last month after I tried to take some ibuprofen that someone left in the office. There's usually a community bottle that people leave out because it's physical work and we all have back problems. I hadn't slept well that night and I couldn't remember if I took my meds that day already or if it was grogginess from not sleeping. I went back later to take some more ibuprofen and when I looked inside, I realized there was more than one pill in the bottle and whatever I took definitely wasn't ibuprofen. I hadn't felt right all day, I'd already felt like I was drugged but at that point I couldn't even tell what issue was causing what problem. I kept trying to tell myself it was probably just a multivitamin and it's not a big deal but I couldn't feel my legs anymore, I was floating. The idea of going back out there and screwing up all night made me break down. I had to flag my boss down and tell him in tears I needed the day to sleep it off. I felt so ashamed. Spoke to my doctor about getting a therapist and decided I needed something to help me better solidify in my head whether or not I'd taken my meds. There's gonna be days when I don't sleep. There's gonna be months at work more stressful than this one. I need better coping mechanisms.

I found timer caps for meds but they are really expensive ($60? what?) and the batteries die, there's no way to replace the battery. And like, I can't be the only person with this problem? Embroidery is like my favorite hobby right now so I put my mind to it to design a hoop that can help me remember if I took my meds or not.

[Is this what self care looks like?](https://imgur.com/a/p0wQa3K)

Plus, just making it made me feel great. Now if I could just remember to use it, that would be awesome. [deleted] You can buy a pill organizer that has 28 compartments label Week 1 Monday, Week 1 Tuesday, and so on. Every time you get your prescription filled you put one pill on each little compartment. This might be helpful for you nit should cost less than $15.  I was thinking about this the other day, decided to get a pill organizer like the other guy in here said. I'm still not perfect with taking it, but I'm a bit better and more importantly, I can tell whether or not I've already taken it so I don't accidentally take it twice a day. I've been taking these things since I was 5, so "take your pills" is kinda etched in my brain, but there's still days I forget. I usually keep a couple in my bag/purse, because if I *did* forget, someone is sure to let me know throughout the day. And on days I don't see anyone, I can often tell by my hunger level. If I've taken my medicine, I eat small/normal amounts and feel satisfied. If I don't take it, I feel like I'm starving no matter how much I eat. 

But generally, it's the very first thing I do in the morning. I also have alarms on my phone that go off in the morning and afternoon that say "TAKE YOUR MEDICINE!!!" I snooze the alarm until I actually take them. Crap, thanks OP. I forgot to take mine this morning lol say out loud "I HAVE TAKEN MY MEDICATION ON \[WEEKDAY\]" right after you take it Wow! You're super talented. I always forget if i've taken mine. Any interest in making another one to sell to me? Is there any other activity that you can tie to taking your meds? For example:

I need to eat before or during taking  mine. If I don't eat, it's not dangerous, but it can cause serious discomfort.
So, I made it so that I always take my meds during meals. My morning dose with breakfast and my afternoon dose with lunch. When I grab food, I grab my meds too and then when I have both, I can start eating. No sooner. I make it a rule. 
And, I also take my anticonception pill when I go to bed at night. That time can vary by maybe a couple of hours but not a lot. Sit down in bed, take pill, lie down. It's another rule that has become habit. Noticing that I'm about to fall asleep even often triggers me now, to think about whether I took it. But that's not something I want ro rely on.

Is it possible for you to tie taking your meds to having breakfast, getting out of bed, or something else you do daily? I mean, no matter how forgetful you are that day or how unusual your routine is that day, most people have at least one thing they always do in their morning routine, even if it's because they have to like going to the toilet.

It's not a perfect strategy, but I hope it helps. If necessary in combination with other reminder systems maybe? I use a weekly pill box. I also keep a filled glass or bottle of water on my night stand which acts as a visual reminder as well. I bought 4 of those fancy timer bottles from Amazon. I've since lost them, though. :( I use a pill planner, that I refill every Sunday night. My girlfriend always tells me to write down on paper with time and date any medication. 

Works wonders when I actually do it :p

Edit: write dose also I completely understand, I’ve got the same issue. Here’s what I do: get digital safe from walmart, tape a piece of paper to the top of the safe, then write the date on it right after you take your meds in the morning.   Get one of those weekly pill reminders -- fill it every Sunday. They're really cheap at like CVS and stuff. Sometimes I stop and say out loud to my cat or husband "I took my meds, if I ask later, remind me that I took them." I never have to ask later, because saying it out loud helps me remember the action. I've also used the app MediSafe on my phone that has VERY persistent reminders for medication -- you really can't ignore them. Just make sure you only check off that you took it AFTER you take the pill. A few times I hit "ok" on the reminder and then got distracted and then couldn't remember if I took it for real or not. 

And it's not just ADHD people -- when you take something every day around the same time, you are bound to forget. My husband has to take his anxiety meds at the same time every morning and he's had a few days where he can't remember if he actually took it -- it's stressful for him too because either missing a dose or taking an extra dose is equally as shitty. When you repeat a similar mindless action day after day, your brain compresses it for efficiency. That's why birth control packs are labeled with every single day of the week and packaged in a way that lets you see if you took it or not. Take something at the same exact time every day for a decade, and it all blurs into one. 

Love the embroidery lol!!! I can always tell if I took them because I feel so much better and I think to myself "why am I not taking these everyday." If yer consistently forgetting to take your meds than your meds aren't working. Couple of things I do to tell if I’ve taken my adhd meds:

1. If it’s near the start of a new prescription (I.e there’s a ton left in the bottle) I’ll check the date it was filled “okay it was filled last Thursday- I took the first pill last Friday. If I had 30 pills, I should have 26 left if I took today’s pill”- and then I literally count my pills. If I have 27 left- I didn’t take my pill. 

2. If it’s near the end of the prescription, the counting thing/remembering what day you took the first pill is more tedious. But once I start getting down to 7-9 pills left, I usually make a mental note of how many I have and when to call in for a new one, so if I’ve forgotten if I’ve taken it, I can say “alright yesterday I had 7 left. If I took today’s pill I should have 6”. 

Now- if you’re not taking your pills as consistently as I do (I take them everyday and I know some people prefer not to) the above methods won’t work as well. So try this....

3. Connect it with something! I also do this. “Did I take my pill? Yes..... I was texting Catherine as I put in my mouth, and hit send right before I grabbed my water to wash it down.” Or “no, I didn’t take it- I was about to and then I heard someone knock on the door and I set the bottle back down without taking a pill out of it.” 

I also have a habit of never putting anything back right away (SURPRISE!) which helps with this. “No I didn’t take my pill yet, because the pill bottle is inside my purse. Had I taken it, I would have left the bottle on the table.” (I usually take my pills with me when I leave the house- just in case! But I grab them when I leave- I don’t put them away right after taking them. So their location is a tell). 

These are just weird little things that have worked for me- I hope you’re able to adapt one of them to your life so it works for you! :)  I've taken twice my prescribed dosage more times then I'm willing to admit because of a failure to pay attention to if I took it or not I always take the meds I am going to take the next day out of the bottle and place them in front of my alarm clock next to a full glass of water and on top of a powerbar. That way I wake up, turn off my alarm and have what I need to get my day started and all I have to do to see if I have taken them is check if the pills, food, and water is gone.

I have said this before, if you use meds to get through the day like I do it is best to prepare for tomorrow while still on your meds rather than expecting to magically not need them in the morning (which I always thought I could pull off and always failed at, so learn from my mistake) There are a few pill reminder apps on mobile. I use one called “Round”. It’s neat. You can set a reminder for each pill and time of day. I only take one prescription pill though, and the rest are vitamins, so I just make one reminder to take my meds (like an alarm clock)

When you take it, you have to push the button in the app and then it shows green and a check mark for the day. 

That way if you do it at the same time you take your pills you can just look at the app real quick to make sure you took them when you can’t remember.

There’s another tab in the app that shows every day you’ve taken them too, so you can keep track of any days you’ve missed or pill taking streaks. Sorry this is long. I don't know if need to take your pills once a day and if you can keep your phone with you on your job, but I use an app to remind me to take my meds and if I do I confirm in my app that I did take them. I use Medisafe but I think there are other apps as well that might help. Anyways, conditioning yourself to leave a physical reminder that you did take meds is always helpful if you don't trust your memory. It's like when I lose my glasses, and I realise how much easier finding my glasses would be if only I had my glasses... Wow that's a great idea! Even if just to get insight into how much you have left. This!!! Great idea, it's natural placement makes perfect sense. Thank you for this. My meds live next to my contact case and morning skincare products (and a morning to do list of what skin care products to use and what meds to take). I've also used green painters tape for mine before! It works great. ~~Also I know your not supposed to expose meds to lights but mine are out on the counter because yeah no at finding them in a drawer.~~ I thought about a pill organizer but I would have to keep it somewhere other than my bedside table because of limited space. This would disrupt my routine and make it way more likely that I forget to take them. Plus, I just don't wanna use an organizer for one pill. This would be a great solution for someone else though. I'd rather work on conditioning the awareness into myself Actually, sure! I'll message you I don't believe I've ever forgotten, the issue is that I can't remember if I did or didn't *already*. Usually I have, I just was on autopilot when I did and I can't specifically remember taking them. Like on my way out the door to go to work there's a "did I take my meds" moment. I have a backup pill with me just in case because I can always tell when I haven't.

It's just hard if I take my meds and feel like there's been no effect because I'm exhausted and I'm struggling to remember the point that I took them and i remember that I remembered to take them but not if I remembered to actually walk over, open the bottle and swallow them

Having memory problems sucks. Yes, this is also me, sadly. Yes, this is also me, sadly. [deleted] I’m not sure where you live but the store Muji have a 7 day pill organiser that you can separate into individual days or reconnect back into seven.  You can sharpie a number/day on it also. 

I always make sure I have a single one in my bag with just one of my meds in it so I know if I’ve taken it. 

https://www.muji.us/store/pp-conectable-pill-case.html

I keep my meds in my bathroom drawer and when i first get up in the morning and use the toilet I take it out of the drawer and put it on the counter next to my toothbrush. That way when i brush my teeth after eating I see it there and know that I haven’t taken it. As soon as I take it i put it back in the drawer so i know I’ve already had it that day. 

Hope it helps! I got Walgreens 1 week pill organizer and a 3M Command shelf that I stuck to the wall and keep it on because of limited space. I kept telling myself a pill organizer was out of the question but I've literally never missed a dose. It sounds lIke this issue is putting your job in jeopardy. I admire your desire to work on self awareness, but maybe you should consider using some physical aids in this area. Everyone needs help remembering to take their medication, not just people with ADHD. That’s why pill organizers were invented. That’s why they sell so many of them.  [deleted] Definitely stealing the idea when I get home. It's so simple yet so brilliant.  Okay that's actually a great idea, despite utilizing vertical space whenever possible and pretty much constantly affixing things to the walls, I still somehow manage to forget that everything can be affixed to a wall I do have a physical aid. I just made one! That's what the post is for. :)

I actually also got the timer caps, but I figure its not a great solutiom for everyone so I shared my work so others could use it if they need it.

Also, my job isn't in jeopardy. My boss is very supportive and understanding, he doesn't hold it against me, I'm still a great asset to the company, even if I am human. It helps that it's not a repeat problem Did you read the OP? I bought timer caps and then I embroidered a hoop to help me condition awareness into me. The only person helping me is me, not you and your bizarrely shitty attitude. 