Shoutout to all my homies who have found the carton of milk in the cupboard  I never mentioned this one here... happened a month ago. Was visiting my in laws in Temecula, CA with the family.  We had an 8:30am flight out of SD to head back East. We packed mostly everything the night before so I felt pretty good about being organized.  The morning of, we're up at 4:15, we load the kids in the rental, ready to go.  I can't find the car key... 

What followed was 45 minutes of chaos of going through everything, re-opened all the luggage, looked through every room in the house, wife's purse etc. At some point my FIL says to transfer all our stuff to his car and he'll drive us so we don't miss our flight.

As I finished going through the rental to make sure we had everything out, I found the car key on the roof of the car...I had left it there while loading the car the night before and completely forgot about it.

We made our flight!! I poured myself a glass of tea yesterday and STILL have no idea where that glass of tea went. Or the jug of tea.  ...or ice cream in the fridge, phone in the freezer, etc I have yet to do this but I have caught myself several times ABOUT to and thought “....no... none of this is right... what am I doing?” Butter on the shoe rack for me.... I decided to get diagnosed after my wife complained all the kitchen cabinet doors were open except the one the milk was in.  Charger, screw driver and toe nail clippers all on top of the fridge I once found my phone in a bag of popcorn  Open freezer, put open beverage down in freezer, close freezer, open new beverage, open freezer and discover completely frozen old beverage.   FUCK I DIDN'T PUT THE MILK IN THE FRIDGE THANKS FRIEND 

ps. Will milk be ok if it's been at room temp for around 3 hours 

Edit: Nevermind, my mom did it for me because she knew I'd forget and she's a wonderful human.   I recently found half and half on top of the fridge... A week since I remembered using it. 😂 I’ve put my phone in the fridge and milk in the cupboard so many times... Library book in the dryer. Better than the washer!
 Cell phone in the freezer. It's extra efficient, right? Near the cereal! LOL there is a reason why I check the freezer when I've lost my keys. I froze my shredded cheese last week and refrigerated the tortilla chips 😂 Might not remember where anything is, but at least I have 100000000 random useless facts ready at all times. how about getting in the shower and halfway through realizing you still have your glasses on? 

I asked my mom if she had ever done that (she has worn glasses for over 50 years) she burst out laughing and said, "Never!"  Cellphone/remote in the fridge is something that happens to me frequently  Sour cream dip in the linen closet! Or not even having milk to forget in the cupboard because you keep forgetting to buy it at the store. 

Go to the store for milk. Come home with a bunch of stuff, none of which is milk.  And another shout out to all of us who will probably take care of it. Maybe tomorrow.  I was looking for the tv clicker for days, and finally found it in my husband's underwear drawer. I texted him the good news and then immediately misplaced it again. Pizza for lunch  in the microwave, but 3 days later. What did I have for lunch that day? I froze mustard once... Boyfriend went to the store one morning after work, got nothing that needed refrigerated (think it was like some buns, some cereal, and a box of oatmeal), threw the whole grocery bag in, not thinking. I got up a few hours later to get a drink, opened the fridge like ?????, but left it for him to discover. He got up later and laughed about his duh moment, then I thought he put it all away. Nope. He deliberately left his rice krispies in the fridge. Or realize you forgot to get the bowl out for a salad only after you poured the salad all over the counter.  I put milk in cupboard. Then tried to put cereal in the fridge. My thoughts went  "Grrr it won't fit, to *gasp* that means the milks in the cupboard!"
I yank the cupboard open and there's the milk "whew, that was a close one". Wallet in microwave. How does that even happen I froze my bell peppers :(....  Or nail polish remover in the freezer. I find cups of milk on-top of the fridge some times....

And sometimes I find the remote in the fridge I found my half-drunk breakfast smoothie from this morning in the cupboard about half an hour ago 😒 It took me a while to realize what was abnormal about that😹 or your purse in the freezer and the otter pops where the bathroom cleaning supplies go.... Or my keys in the freezer. Just did this today, eggs in the cabinet and dry oatmeal in the fridge. Or your keys in the garbage Or accidentally thrown away a carton of eggs and put the shells in the fridge. TV remote in the fridge. ... or your keys in the fridge. So I was at a gas station, filling up before a two hour drive, and I pay for my gas, finish the drive. I get out of the car, and notice I can’t find my wallet. I check the car, my backpack, shorts, call the gas station, etc and I can’t find it anywhere. I keep track of my banking account religiously for the next two days, and see if anyone tries to use my cards. 

Nothing happens. After the third day, I knew I had to cancel them, just for safety’s sake. I get to the bank to replace them and I make plans to go to the DMV the next day to get a new license. I then end up in another gas station. I buy a Snapple, get in the car, and drive away. On the way I keep hearing...rattling, and I can’t find my Snapple. I then figured I left it on the roof of the van, which I’m prone to doing occasionally. I stop the car, get out, and grab my drink. Tucked away in the corner of the supports on the van’s roof...is my “lost wallet”. Survived a two hour drive on the highway and two days in a outdoor parking lot. And I never would have noticed if I didn’t do the same fucking thing with another item. And keys in the friiiidge!!! i left some turkey meat in the trunk of the car before  I put the bread in the fridge yesterday .
 Cheese in the veggie drawer, lettuce in the cheese drawer. Wallet with my ID in it in my partner's coat that he hasn't used in months when I needed it for a con a few weeks back. That was a stressful time turning the flat upside down. My best friend STILL picks on me for doing this at her house, like 10 years later! 😅 I left my milk in the sink.. cereal in the fridge also Or the jelly in the pantry when it’s supposed to go in the fridge  Unsure if this is /r/trees sometimes  Cell phone in the trash out by the curb. I took one more bag out and I couldn't hold the bag and my phone and lift the lid in separate hands. Didn't notice I put the phone _and_ the trash in there until two hours later. Olives in my pants drawer.... was supposed to serve them for dinner party the night before  Packing for a trip and I put everything I need in different organizers, contacts and solutions, glasses case, shampoos and hair stuff etc. All my appropriate electronics and chargers for myself and my 10 year old son into my carry on. All appropriate toiletries in appropriate bags. I spend the entire 6 hour flight panicked and literally sick to my stomach because I could not remember if I actually put my glasses in the glasses case. 
As I am quite nearsighted, this inspired extreme panic and I didn’t want to tell me husband how upset about it I was, because I didn’t want to disappoint him with my forgetfulness yet again. 

Good news! I put them in the bag. I didn’t put them in the case, but I put them next to the case in the bag. Crisis averted  Haven’t done that with milk, but I know I did it with something else a few years ago. I wanna say it was cheese. Oh crap I forgot about that, thanks  I keep putting cereal boxes in the fridge and milk in the cupboard when making myself cereal When I'm doing stuff around the house sometimes I play music on my phone. No, not for entertainment. It's so when it's four hours later and realizing I forgot to text my girlfriend back I can actually find my phone.  Aaayyyyy Reading this thread I’m glad to know this wasn’t just cause of my weed use. But damn are we forgetful Remembered to make coffee ice cubes for myself this week- left tray in fridge rather than freezer Monday morning and proceeded to spill it that evening. Ugh.   I'll be holding a glass of milk, I'll get a text, answer the text, glass of milk is gone. Just totally gone forever, searching all over the house thinking of where I could have possibly passed that I could set down a glass of milk. Give up, be too angry to get more milk, find it 2 hours later when it's gross and warm sitting in the pantry or on the microwave. Repeat forever, never getting to finish a drink. Been there 🤦‍♀️ Or the butter where the stapler lives. question ceraaaaaa 🎶 A few weeks ago I found a Three Days Grace CD in the cheese drawer I left my debit card at the job I lasted one day at. If anyone wants the story message me it's really funny. Or the remote in the freezer.  I may have you all beat. New PS4 pro box with ps4 into the fridge. Had to move things and every thing.

That's the TL;DR I'm going to tell the full tale. My ex and I were living together and were going to a wedding she was baking a cake for. She told me to put it in the fridge when I got home from buying my new ps4 pro. So I put the ps4 pro box on the counter and then grab a drink of water from the fridge. Then I put the "cake box" into the fridge and take what I thought to be my ps4 box to the couch to open. ... this wasn't my ps4.  My roommate found my glasses that had been missing for a week in a box of ice cream sandwiches in the freezer.  I once "lost" my keys at the grocery store. I had my 2 small children with me and after we checked out I naturally went to look for my keys. I couldn't find them. I felt so panicked. I went toward the car and <<sigh>> they were still in the ignition. The engine was still running! I was in the store for over an hour and this was in the hood! I was so lucky!  Bread in the fridge, no worries, it will survive.



However once I put the butter in the microwave.  Keys in the fridge after unloading groceries.  I don’t do that but my kids do it a lot. I’m more prone to coming home in the evening and realizing I left it out all day.  We had a computer table out in the front veranda at my parents when I was a kid and I left a bottle of milk hidden away out of view in said table.

Bro and mother found it weeks later and I had no recollection of leaving it there but I knew I did.  I am guilty of almost doing this before. Also leaving my keys in the front door and going inside and completely forgetting I left them there.  And the cereal in the fridge. laundry in trashcan... yay I'm not allowed decent cutlery. 

Usually I notice when I throw it in the trash after cleaning my plate, but I'm pretty sure I had more of it once.  So I’m not the only one... Stuck my shoes in the fridge and milk in the closet, once. And you never know where my phone might be.  Glad to see I'm not the only one who does things like this! A year or more ago, I came home and thought, 'wow that garbage really smells I need to take it out'. I take out the trash, come back and the smell is still there. I start sniffing around, open up the pantry and I had put the remaining frozen chicken from the previous night's dinner in the pantry instead of the freezer.

So... yeah. We (husband, myself, and our then 3 year old) drove 2 hours to my hometown for an overnight trip for my brother's wedding. We got 1 exit away from our designation for me to yell  "I forgot our wedding clothes!" and had to drive back home to get them. This was 2 years ago, and now. Any time we go back, my daughter always says "hey mom! That's your exit!" Drove 30 minutes to the post office after spending an hour looking for my mini van keys. I gave up and decided to use my spare key. As I am waiting in line at the post office a woman walks in with my van keys . I am totally confused. She says "these were hanging out of  your van's hatchback". I had driven 30 minutes on the 15 freeway with my keys sticking out of my minivan hatchback door. I had left the keys in there the night before when I went shoppimg at Costco. Man. That pain of FINALLY being organized and doing things proper to have ONE stupid thing suddenly lost to the void and you turn up EVERY single location it could possibly be at and then it's right under your nose. Drives me absolutely insane sometimes.  Some say the souls of my lost glasses of juice still walk this earth. Phone in the fridge for me.

Also: 

Need groceries! grab wallet and phone, go to car, forgot keys, go back, grab keys, go to car, drive.

music? need phone...forgot phone, drive back, grab phone, find car again (20 mins later), drive to store, go to checkout.... where did I put my wallet?

Drive home, look for wallet (30 mins), get angry, wallet is in car... decide to get groceries tomorrow.

Forget to get groceries every day for a week.

... yay Keys in my grapefruit tree. Toaster in the fridge !!!! Phone in the fridge is always golden. While it is terrible - I also find it equally amusing that it happened (and will happen again). Omg. That's awesome. Phone on car roof. :'( I'm actually relieved to know that I'm not the only one who has found the phone in the freezer. Phone in the fridge is a pretty common one for me lol That moment when I walked to the other side of the room and went "What on EARTH am I doing?" happens so often that it barely phases me anymore, but fortunately I don't usually get further than that I tend to put something refrigerated on top of the fridge. Then I turn around and think "something's not right here..."  Ha! Brilliant! For future reference, milk is *usually* fine left out for a few hours, just finish it faster once it's opened. And while in the USA our eggs are washed and therefore need refrigerated, I've never had any issue with leaving them out overnight if I use them quickly. It just seems to shorten their raw shelf-life. Same event, also found it in the microwave. Fact, i ate that frozen dinner a hour and a half late.  If it's any consolation, my mom freezes shredded cheese intentionally because she buys a ton of shelf-stable or freezable staple foods when they go on sale and keeps it all in an extra freezer. She grew up on a farm with very frugal parents... [deleted] I have done this numerous times. Also, forgetting where I’ve put my glasses after I’ve already taken my contacts out. Also - getting out of the shower and thinking "Wait, did I wash my hair?" My mom skipped taking out her contacts out one night when she was a teenager (back when that was a Big Deal). When she woke up, she'd forgotten she'd left them in and had a few moments where she thought her sight had miraculously improved... until she realized her eyes were really, really sore. My remote has never made it to the fridge but I've found it in the kitchen, in cupboards, in bed (wat. I don't have anything that uses a remote in my bedroom...), in the closet, etc. I put Velcro on them. Now they're all attached to the devices they control. Until I forget to put them back... This reminds me that my remote has been lost for three days  Go to store. Forget that you actually went to the store cause your fridge is basically just the wire shelves inside. Forget to buy anything that needs the fridge (milk, eggs, cheese) and also forget your pets need a few cans of food (i think). All this cause I walk into the grocery store panicked b/c no food at home, but LOOK AT ALL THE FOOD TO LOOK AT HERE! wait....what did I need.......? Then eventually come home with cereal, coffee beans, sugar, or everything that doesn't go in the fridge. While putting everything away, the realization of "YESSS! cereal!!!.....shit, no milk."  Feel like shit about forgetting, AGAIN...go to bed hungry with the hopes of remembering the milk tomorrow... :/  But at least the pets are fed cause you remembered two days ago to buy a few extra cans for them.... :D  
 I’ve lost many utensils this way  Lol yesterday I was making eggs and cracked it right over the trash can. Took me putting the shells in the bowl and going over to grab a fork before It clicked what I’d done.  Same, my best friend is still laughing at me for putting toilet paper in the fridge 10 years later 😂 Here you go, it creates lifelong memories! 

I must shamelessly admit I pulled something similar, AT MY OWN wedding...We took a cab to the airport with my parents and soon to be wife to catch a flight to CA where the ceremony was. As soon as we get out of the cab "I left my tux hanging on the door handle!" I got into a cab driven by a crazy Russian who broke about every imaginable road rules to get me back to my apartment and back to the airport.

Made the flight!! Why are you posting my daily routine online? Have you been stalking me? Grab phone and keys go to grocery store load cart 🛒 wait in check out line checker scans items people behind me in line realize I left wallet at home 🤦🏼‍♂️ Does anyone else find routine to be such a big help when it comes to this stuff? The only problem on the other hand if my routine is off at all or I am rushing then I am almost guaranteed to forget my phone or wallet lock myself out of my car...... Crap, this is my life. Just add wife shaking her head each time I get back. Lmao. I know the feel. I don't think I've ever walked out without forgetting these BASIC THINGS I TAKE WITH ME EVERYDAY HOW HARD IS IT Easier to keep them in the front door.  There we go!  Can’t say I’ve done that one before!! Handgun in the fridge (don't worry, it was unloaded and disassembled). Agreed. It was never particularly disastrous but always funny.  Phone on roof. Sister tries to tell me reverse to talk to sisters in process drive over said smart phone. Realized have forgotten said smart phone. Wtf day. Sister laughing at me. Saw it go down but tried to prevent it.   Lol. Nope! You are not alone, my friend.  I learned many years ago that the best solution is to go back to where I was standing when I had the idea. Comes back immediately. Ceres accounts for about ⅓ if the entire mass of the asteroid belt.  Or in my case, after daydreaming in the shower--"wait, did I actually soap up?" I’ve gotten out and realized I forgot to wash off the conditioner. Had to turn the water back on and get back in.  Lmao 😂 check the fridge  I've lost many if Panera's utensils this way also. I left my laptop with all the seating plans, meal requests, contact info etc. at home when driving to my destination wedding. I realized halfway through our trip. (Back up my files in a format I could access online? Of course not!)

Luckily a family member offered to drive the 6 hour round trip to retrieve it. If I move anything in my "basic leave the house kit" (keys, phone, cash, chapstic, cards, shoes) from its home, I will forget it. I take my phone out of my pocket to drive, and every single night have to go back out to the car to find it. After turning my apartment upside down.

As for the wrong-stuff-in-place thing? Yeah, no. I have melted and refrozen ice cream in my freezer right now. Though hopefully I put the dog's yogurt back in the fridge and not in the closet with the dry food... I should check. LMAO Firing up find my phone and hearing the refrigerator ringing is always a good way to get the day started. Nope! Still stumped. Yaaas the ice cream in the fridge is so real. I lost a bag of cheese recently and none of my roommates or myself could find it anywhere and I opened the junk drawer in the kitchen a few days later and BEHOLD the cheese was found. I was honestly too embarrassed to say anything.... Im a bit late, but look into the trackr pixel. They're tiny bluetooth trackers that sync to your phone and the battery is replaceable, they're like $40-50 for 3 of them. I love them though, you can use your phone to ping them and they beep really loud or if my phone is missing the tracker has a button that makes your phone beep really loud. Its nice to use my wallets or keys to find my phone haha. Did you go check? :) Couch cushions I'm sure "normal" people do that. Right? Maybe? Before they get Alzheimers?  That... That is magical. I did, had, then fell asleep. Woke to the dog barking. Mixed him some kibble and yogurt (low-fat, active culture, plain, unsweetened, for his bowels and coat and stuff), fed him, took him for a walk...

Just remembered when I read this to check if I put the dog yogurt away. I had not. So thanks. It only spent an hour and a half out, instead of me searching the fridge for it in the morning, and not being able to find it, because IT WAS ON THE FORKING COUNTER... :D Checked there too! I usually leave mine wherever the "reason" for me getting up from watching tv is. So... Next to the loo
On top of the washer / dryer
By the kettle / coffee machine / ice maker
On the way to the front door (hall table etc)
In the car
In my bag With my luck, I’ll probably find it at like the grocery store three weeks from now 😂  