I’m sitting at the dentist in my PJs and no bra. On my meds, but so hyper focused on work that everything around me fell apart.  I forgot my appointment and they called to ask where I was.  So here I am.   Ain’t ADHD so fun? I went to work (as a cook) with my slippers on, and my tank top on backwards (got dressed in the dark the night before). You just gotta laugh at shit like that 😝  Been there. I sometimes walk out the door, very proud of myself for remembering my keys, phone, and coffee...only to realize I’m not wearing any shoes...
I’ve even done this when there’s a foot of snow on the ground.  Me and my son both have ADHD. The mornings can really be a hoot. 

Son, your shirt is on backwards. 

Mom, you forgot to brush your teeth. 

Son, you forgot too!

Mom, don't you need your purse?

Son, do you need YOUR purse (backpack) I’ll admit, whenever this happens I just claim to be sick and foot the bill. Still feel a lot of shame over my forgetfulness.  Hahha, this was me this morning. I woke up 12 minutes before my first therapist appointment. Literally jumped out of bed in PJs, no bra, slippers and made it 5 minutes late. 

What a way to make a first impression.  I literally did the same thing on Tuesday lol. Except I'm a guy, so while technically not wearing a bra, it wasn't a bad thing I went to work in two different shoes once. They feel the same on my feet in the dark but look completely different. At least I work in IT and weird shit is relative. I was arrested for marijuana in the 70s and drove to court for the trial in a suit and tie... and flip-flops. Forgot my shoes. Home was two hours away and I didnt have cash for shoes. Had a friendly jury and was found not guilty.  At least you went This past weekend I put water to boil on my friends electric stove and then went into his basement thinking I had 10 minutes until it was boiling.    


IDK how much time had passed but I forgot about the pot, and I had managed to successfully "burn water"... I then proceeded to apologize my ass off to the owner of the house  My favourite was when I had four girl friends over for a dinner party! Roast chicken, mashed potatoes, gravy, vegetables, wine, french bread, dessert. The works! 

We started chatting, oven timer goes off and I went to plate dinner and it hit me: that the only thing I made was the chicken. Everything else was 100% not yet made. 

We laughed and laughed, but inside I died a bit.  Admittedly you're just laying down in a chair while they're mucking about in your mouth anyway. Might as well be comfortable. My dentist is pricy, but I LOVE them so much because they offer Call, text, and email reminders (I asked for all three). I will never leave them because this is so helpful.  I did this once too. I was scheduled for four cavities, and ran over as fast as I could ... and got there in time for them to do three before running into the next appointment.  I barely made my 1:30 pm flight today because I got lost in space and then it was a mad scramble  crisis situation.  I never wear a bra to the dentist ... or anywhere else, for that matter. SO liberating!

Then again, I'm a dude ... I went to the dermatologist yesterday in my pjs with no bra!  Ugh, 

I did some thing similar on Monday - I had my re-authorise appointment with a psychiatrist at 11am.

I originally thought it was 11.30am, so at 10.30 i woke up (had a big weekend) and sauntered on down to the bathroom to have a shower when i got a notification on my phone saying the appointment was at 11!! SHIIIIT! i raced through the shower, threw on the closest clothes (looked like a hobo might i add) 

then ran on down to the hospital - to find out i had gone to the wrong place!

I was given the address and went to put it in googlemaps on my phone - it died! Of course i had passed out redditing and not charged my phone,

&#x200B;

HOLY SHIT - i was so stressed out to the point that i had road rage and was really rude to the receptionist at the place i ended up in.

&#x200B;

Then it turns out the Psych i was seeing was as ADHD as me and the meeting did not go how i wanted it to..

So typical of me! - Shamblesmcgee! I picked up my daughter from school in order to take her to her guitar lesson. She got in the car and was like, "where's my guitar??" Oops. I was just focused on not being late to pick her up.

The guitar teacher of course had another guitar but not another copy of her book. They made due. Hey! I forgot to go to work today! So weird. Ive been able to enjoy life a lot more by doing a couple of things:

1. Stashing way too many useful things (like snack bars, hats, gloves, sweatshirts, tools, money, etc) in vehicles.
2. Letting myself figure it out when I get there. I only packed one pair of pants for a work trip? Guess I’m avoiding ketchup this week! Off meds: no single task lasts more than 5 minutes and it’d BETTER not require too much attention

On meds: we will do this one single meaningless task until it is GODDAMN PERFECT then you’ll sit listlessly once you complete it because your life has lost all purpose

Neurotypicals (???): I’ll just do a few fun little tasks before cracking down on work, then I’ll reward myself with more fun tasks afterwards!” If I could count how many times I walk around with my shirt on inside out. At least it makes my gf laugh. Right there with you... Yesterday I was thinking about work while ordered a sandwich at a restaurant. I paid for it, then walked out and had the car in reverse before I realized that I hadn’t actually waited for and received it yet. I was taking it home and going to eat it at my desk while working. I sat down to the desk only to realize that I didn’t have my food... after going back to the car and not finding it, I assumed I’d thrown it away with some other stuff I’d cleaned out of my car when walking in and just gave up on eating. A few hours later I found it sitting on a shelf in the living room.  I went on a date in a peacoat, jeans, dress shoes... And an undershirt. I didn't realize until I got into the theater, and had to run next door and buy a shirt. Oh man, I can sort of relate to that! I’ve done similar and I think we all have! This isn’t really the same, but I got an email from my psychiatrist’s office today to remind me of my appointment next week. It blew my mind because I was certain that my appointment was in November. We’ll see if I remember next week though haha  Totally happened to me too. I had earphones in at the coworking space and was so hyperfocused I didn’t realise I was letting farts rip. Thankfully they were the silent variety (so no culpability) but that also meant that they were violent (so there was some stank guilt). Better than a bra and no PJs.  I worked at Starbucks for a few years and I worked mostly evenings. One weekend I worked the opening shift (5am) and realized very quickly that something wasn’t right.. I forgot a bra. I had to text my husband and tell him to bring me a bra as soon as he wakes up! It wasn’t until almost 9:00...  I remember the time I went on meds for school because I needed to concentrate, well I sure did concentrate.. on my Eyeliner. Would spend hours and I mean hours obsessively rubbing and starting over until they were exactly equal. You win some you lose some  My son told me I looked like 'a homeless person' when I fetched him from school the other day - I'd been working from home and got hyperfocus and only remembered him when I glanced at my silenced phone and saw the reminder on my screen 🤣 Lol! I love this so hard! **relating so much to this!! Well, you actually got to the dentist, so I’m counting that as a win. On the plus side, at least you made it! This morning I was panicking bc I thought I lost my ID again and for one second I didn’t pay attention and boom paint transfer on my car from grazing a pole.

ID was in my trunk.  Definitely been there! 

A couple of months ago I went to class with two different shoes (not the same pair) and I didn’t realize it until I was already on campus. 🙃  This is so relatable!! I woke up today at 10:15...5 minutes after my class started. I ran to class without a bra still in my pajamas. Thankfully I live on campus and it's fine to show up in PJ's... I'm truly dreading the day I have a real job and have to commute/look presentable. Our family had a habit of wearing my husbands loafers to walk to the mailbox because they were big and easy to slip on. One day I almost went to work wearing them before I realized that driving felt a little funny and turned around in time to change them. I love all of you. This subreddit should be required reading for all with ADHD.  Ignoring the details but I’m currently getting my hair done in my pjs and no bra... I never wear a bra :)  Sweet, you can go right to bed after.  I didn’t know people these days were still wearing bras.   I was hoping there were pics.  Laughing is really the only recourse.  It's like lose/lose.  Off meds: Can't hold a conversation or finish a simple task.  On meds: Can be a boss, but only at one thing while everything else falls apart around you. 

Fortunately, the girls at the dentist know me.  I'm in there every other week because it's also my kids' ortho.  They laugh at me, but I laugh at myself.  So I don't mind, I guess. 
 I feel the backwards and inside out clothing SO MUCH. Everyone at work thinks it’s one of my “quirks.” How I’m allowed to be in charge of people is beyond me.  Was getting in the car yesterday and my husband says, “Babe, your pants are inside out.” I tell him they’re not, that’s just the brand. He insists and so I finally give in and check. He was right🙈.  2 Days ago I made my husband stop what he was doing and get dressed to go to parent/teacher conferences.  They are tomorrow.  FML.   I made it half way to work one time before I realized I'd left my shoes at home. Luckily I keep spares in the trunk. I keep spares of a lot of things in the trunk...  I once went to work wearing socks and my husband’s flip flops (which I do to let the dog out). Man, I was so embarrassed. But whatever. Gotta laugh at yourself! I was once walking into the office with my coffee cup and purse and keys and I looked down and realized I wore my slippers to work. Mortified. 

Honestly this sub sometimes takes away the sting of feeling like an oddball. Thank you for existing everyone!  I forget my glasses ALL the time. I've got terrible vision but I get around well enough in the house, particularly since I'm just kinda going through the usual motions. The minute I walk outside I realize I can't see shit though. Then the hunt begins.  I’ve even gone so far to take the kids to school without shoes. I’m already outside, with the door locked and arms full by the time I notice soooo... I just don't wear shoes into the house. Ever. I have like three different pair of shoes in the car just in case I forget... I just pictured this as a sitcom montage and it made my day, thank you. Same here. I'm divorced, and myself and both boys have ADHD.  

Basically, every morning could have Benny Hill's Yakkity Sax playing in the background as we scramble out the door last minute.  It would be so good to have a parent with ADHD that made me feel normal and understood. You have a lucky son. :)  Hey, at least you have each other!  Everyone around me just thinks I'm a total cluster.  They are right.  This is me and my grandson, though we don't have the daily thing just when we are out at Walmart or something. We remind each other not to leave our money random places, etc. >Still feel a lot of shame over my forgetfulness

Oh god.  I still need to make another psych appointment after feeling embarrassed about missing my last 2 appointments. Now that I've missed so many I just don't feel like I can face them. The worst part is I *KNOW* it's all a delusion.  Exactly. Well, at least you don't risk them saying you're just fine and a little sad or clumsy!  "Look at me!  Do I look ok to you?!?!  I can't even dress myself!" I did the exact same in college once, didn’t notice until my friends pointed it out 😩 Friendly?  Or sympathetic?  Like, this guy can't even put on a pair of shoes.  He's harmless to society.   Started running bath water, popped downstairs to get a glass of water and you know the rest... I put tea on... and somehow managed to not only leave the room but completely forget and be like "oh now is a great time to take a nap"... my husband works night shifts and had still been sleeping until this point and he woke me up asking if our roommates were smoking pot and why was is so strong, was about to go yell at them for doing it in the house (we have a toddler so it's not allowed in the house)... 

PSA: if you burn black tea down to nothing it smells like pot smoke! The roommate came upstairs (he has 2 rooms and a bathroom in the basement, we only share the kitchen) and asked if we were smoking lol he has ADHD too so he understood at least! 

I'm also the only person in my family when I was younger to have somehow burnt canned chicken noodle soup when you literally just heat it up and it's done. 
 At least chicken takes the longest! Everything else is super fast comparatively! Only doing the chicken is probably better than only not doing the chicken lol They are so good to me.  Both my kids are in braces of some type so I am in there every couple of weeks, at least.  They probably are pricey too, but I let my insurance cover what they will and write out a check for everything else.  It's been nearly 5 figures so far this year!   But, they don't give me a hard time when I'm late, unshowered and undressed in yesterday's makeup.  So, I'm not going to haggle with them about price!   Yasss.  Girl power.   Protip: leave a charger in your glovebox Wish I could do that... Holy shit this is me. I can focus on one thing, or no things. Those are my two modes.  The on/off meds thing is spot on. I am unable to be appropriately functional in more than one area of my life at a time. It’s infuriating.  
>On meds: Can be a boss, but only at one thing while everything else falls apart around you. 

Oh wow.  I thought I was on the wrong ADHD meds or had something worse. I'm sooo glad I read this. Thank you thank you thank you!!!

 These two comments helped me a lot. I’m a second year law student, freaking out that I’ll be in ~the real world~ in less than 2 years, bc I don’t know how if I’ll be able to do “normal adult stuff” with ADHD when I can barely pay attention in classes that occur after 3 PM (when my meds wear off). So I’m glad there are adults who are realistically thriving with jobs and businesses and kids. You either laugh or you cry and I’d rather laugh because cry isn’t always an option You put some nice words to what I've been trying to explain to my bf- thanks! God it's so true. I channel everything into work but my life is a mess. Damn straight!  I put my scrubs kn insude out so often no one says anything about it. Its expected :) If you haven't set a reminder for tomorrow (far enough in advance to get dressed!), go do it NOW. I have put calendar events on the wrong day more times than I care to admit! I am so glad that the one part of my life that my ADHD doesn't touch is appointments and arriving on time. So. Glad.  I keep thinking the new Halloween movie is THIS weekend. I have been corrected more than once. I needed this post today! I once ran dramatically to catch the bus at the last minute and then, once on board, noticed I had one black shoe and one brown shoe on.  Nobody cared.  It was college in the 90’s.  Grunge and all that.   I’ve had to put my glasses in a chain. I look like a librarian but it helps, lol.  quick, someone write a pilot to pitch! I am also ADHD, recently divorced and have two young kids. Omg .. exactly. 
I drive my kids to school 90% of the time and we live across the street! 
 Is there a support group for ADHD Moms with kids? I feel like we are just swimming upstream all day long. 
Starts with morning —before the meds kick in. 
The afternoon/evening simultaneous family crash time .. 
After bed is prime remember class project/lost library book/ data for meeting at work that’s due tomorrow time.  Exhausting - and after divorce I really need to return to college. 

—leaving to go find my paper bag for  hyperventilating. 
 Oh god I just realized why I’ve always related to the Benny hill song, it never made any sense before now  I'm laying here in the bed, should've been asleep many many hours ago (it's 05.09 in the morning here) and as I read your comment and visualised your morning I bursted into laugher, I just couldn't hold it anymore. Holy shit, thanks! Now I'm wide awake, ofc, again, but hey. I'll have the Benny Hill tune on my head while racing around the house, getting the stuff I need to grab before I can leave the house. Ever just gotten a new doctor/dentist/hair stylist/chiropractor/etc instead? .... sometimes you just don’t wanna show face, especially after they charge that no call no show fee  I had a panic attack outside my appointment twice. I didn't bother rescheduling after that. Years later I went to a different doctor. So I don't mean to sound like a nagging mom but do you set alarms on your phone?  I always set like 3 or 4 alarms for each appt, one to go off a couple days before, the night before, a  couple hrs before etc.   So my 'center', where my therapist and shrink is has a rule that you can only miss 1 appointment in a year.  If you miss 2, you are not allowed to schedule anymore unless you come in during their walk-in hours and do one first.  

Like, we have ADHD.  We miss appointments.  That's partly why we're here.  Can we get a tiny break?  Do you think someone in my condition is going to set aside time and remember to go to a 2 hour weekly window to a walk-in?  And do you actually think I have the capacity to sit patiently and wait for my turn?  No.  I cannot.  Again, that is why I'm here.   Hahahaha yep. I have a list of Things I’m Not Allowed To Leave The Room While Doing. Running water of any kind is one, frying/grilling is another. (Nothing can be left on the stove or in the oven unless a timer is set, but for high temp & short time things I literally don’t leave the room.)  Protip: Leave two chargers in your glovebox, so when you accidentally remove the first one from the car and forget to put it back or lose it altogether, you have a second one.

Other protip: buy several battery backups and charging cables and put them in you bag, glove box, house by where your keys normally wind up, and try to charge them periodically. lol i usually do but my partner nicked my cable before he left town! 

I clearly was having a typically bad day! 

&#x200B; Well. I work a shitty part timer. Management is too nice to yell at me. but they are disappointed. Hyperfocused on schoolwork, I forgot to show up.  And here I’ve been thinking for years that I was unique and weird, ever since I’ve started following this thread, its been more and more of a relief knowing that I’m not the only one lol This seems to be very true for me with eight months on medication at 47. 

People speak of meds as life altering but they never tell you that it’s just a flashlight in the dark, not a light for the whole room. 

It’s a night and day difference, but only where you point it. You’ll find your keys eventually instead of never... but the neuronormie just flicks on the overhead light and grabs them off the coffee table.

We get the flashlight,  not the overhead switch. I wanted that switch soooo bad. :(
 There are lots of lawyers with ADHD.  Once I was diagnosed I learned to see them everywhere (a la Hailey Joel Osmond).  My tips:  look for a job with strong admin and paralegal support if you can find it, somewhere with strong processes for how things are accomplished, establish a schedule for yourself immediately, remember that partners and supervisors never care who stays late but they always known who comes in early (I get up at 5, work out every day to help my focus, and make it in by 9), find an organizational strategy that works.  I find a paperless office (or nearly paperless) works best for me.  I do all of my notes in OneNote and have my assistant scan and organize all of my files.  I was a miserable disaster before I had an assistant and paralegal to take care of the things that drain me so I can keep my momentum doing things that fuel me and motivate me.  No file cabinets and most importantly - NO DRAWERS.  Drawers are where things go to die.  Use outlook’s reminder and scheduling tools religiously.   Do not sit in your office and try to figure things out on your own.  Observe others and figure out your own style.  We make great lawyers and detectives and investigators because we see connections between things that other people miss and life has given us a dogged determination.   I'll do it later.

Plot twist:  I won't. I love the doctors, dentists etc here. When you book an appointment, you get an sms the day before, at the 24 hours away clock, with time and date. And it is clickable so it can be added right away to the calendar, and update the times I've gotten wrong. I LOVE that feature. I (mostly) show up the right places on the right time after they implemented this  That is exactly why I went somewhere 2 days ago that I'm supposed to go tomorrow.   Dear God...I am going to be my mother.  But, I tried so hard!   Not when sleeping though. :/ That's where the problem arises.  More times than I'd like to admit Awww this makes me sad. I'm a massage therapist and i treat a lot of neuroatypical clients. They are my favourite clients ever...but also really bad at showing up sometimes. I do what I can to work with them and I always try to avoid charging if I can. But when I do charge, there is absolutely zero judgement. I really want to keep treating them because I think they're awesome. This is just how I have to do it sometimes, which sucks. I can only work 3 days a week and I have a waiting list, so if someone misses 2 appointments in a row, yeah, I gotta charge them. But zero hard feelings. I just need to be able to afford to keep treating them. No worries, yeah I frequently do and I admit I need to make a better habit of it. I usually forget my phone or forget to charge it, or forget that it's silenced. I'm full of ridiculous excuses Oh god, right? I swear I gained a fairly good amount of sanity back when I found this subreddit.  Excellent analogy. This should be in the sidebar of this sub.  Great advice. I’m a PM and love it, managing big hairy projects is such a natural fit for my personality and skills. If it’s something I care about it sticks in my head, and as long as I love the job I can keep everything going.

Having an assistant massively increased my output and helps balance the negatives of ADHD my making sure the gaps are filled and nothing slips. Routine paperwork, tedious scheduling or repetitive tasks get done so I can focus on the big picture. Whenever I have something I dread or push back I instead ask my assistant and it either gets done or I get a reminder to do it which fixes the issue. Your post is a gold mine of tips and advice. Thank you for sharing.  I really appreciate you taking the time to type this up, especially given how little mental health, of any type, is discussed within the profession (although seems like a little bit more now, probably bc of how high the suicide and alcoholism rate is for attorneys compared to other professions but this is turning into a tangent and that’s not my intent). Anyways, it’s nice to hear from someone in the field I’m training to be in. I’ve gotten through law school by keeping myself to a pretty rigid schedule so far, but now all of my classes are so late in the afternoon and evening, it’s thrown me off my game, which has caused a good bit of self-doubt. Narrator: She did not do it later.  Second half of username does *not* check out. :) This feature of the NHS has saved me from missing appointments more times than I care to admit... I bet that most places don’t feel actual judgement and I know everyone has to charge those fees in order to get respect for their own time, which totally makes sense. Over analyzing stuff sucks. Your work is amazing 😍 therapists are amazing  Such flattery!  I'm basically a PM too, a corporate RE mgr.  Regarding your other comment about missing appts, forgetting your phone etc, do you have a smart watch or fitness band? I find those are a big help, stops me from forgetting my phone.   