So fun to have to actively tell myself that I need to stop talking and that I don't need to have a comment on everything. Sometimes it's ok to just let someone talk uninterrupted even though I'm holding my brain back like it's a pack of greyhounds on a leash. I sometime painfully wait for the person to finish so I can say my part which means I took in none of what they were saying and probably come across quite rude. I really struggle with interrupting people and getting over excited to reply to what they’re giving me. So I devised a solution.

When people are talking to me, I imagine that I have a thick black piece of duct tape over my mouth, like I was a hostage.

One second after the person stops talking, it miraculously disappears. I can talk again. I have to tell myself that its okay to comment and that people aren't going to hate me for a simple reply. I used to have to do that a lot more than I do now. It gets easier with time and practice. Being considerate ain't easy! I just make my comments thoughtful and insightful and remind myself that it's okay to participate, I am a human being that deserves to share my thoughts just like everyone else Damn, this one really sounds like me. I forget that we're all in the same boat sometimes. It's awesome having a whole subreddit of people who go through the same shit I do I had the same difficulty of not knowing when to shut up. I’ve improved over the years after my diagnosis.  But I will slip when in conversation.  I knowingly interrupted someone mid sentence at church on Sunday and so did it all slow and awkward because i was trying to stop and I just couldn’t let it go. I was so mortified I wanted to text her later and tell her I have issues with interrupting but I left it alone.  Same This. So. Real I catch myself being complusive and try to wait till there is a break.  Then I start thinking about flying spiders and how that may effect squirrel migrations.  By the time my brain comes back around its a totally new topic.
 Agreed, but don't let people shame you about this.  You're just as valid of a person no matter what your disability causes.   This was a big part of why I've pulled away from old "friends." The truth is I've met people who simply do not think I talk too much.  I know we can be a little much to take, but we've got the damn right to be if we want to.  Chances are you're talking so much because you've got a lot of interesting things to say due to your hyperfocus storms.  ADHD can be what makes us special and we need to stand up against people who discriminate against it. I wish someone could invent a feature for a smartwatch that would give me an electrical shock when I start talking too much! When I found out this was a symptom of ADHD I was flabbergasted. It is quite difficult for me to tell if my responses are contributing anything to the conversation and not just me blurting out the first thing that came to my mind. As someone else mentioned, the "healthy medium" is something that escapes me. I've been more conscious of it lately but it's kind of discouraging. It makes me not want to talk at all - ha, like that'll ever happen.  It's like ants in your pants but inside the brain. A brain brimming with colourful, wild and vivid yet often irrelevant insight. 
I get it, sometimes my head feels like a balloon being expanded and if I don't get it out, I'll explode.
Find a book on active listening, even if it doesn't sink in right away, practicing the actions can help bring your mind back to the right spot.
Worst part is when your brain train barrels through station after station and ends up in a distant land before anyone else has left yet. Then ya interrupt and it doesn't seem like you've listened at all, ah but you have! And reached a conclusion in 30 seconds flat, waiting for everyone to catch up.
Gotta leash those hounds, eventually they will calm down ;) I laughed way too hard at this! But then I realized how true it is and was like oh... Thanks for this! I'm going to try this! Wow, I've kinda realized throughout the years that I have a tendency to interrupt people sometimes by finishing their sentence/completing their thought... Is this really part of ADHD? It would explain so much!

I've been trying to catch myself before it happens, but it's difficult sometimes. 

Thanks for the post! I have this problem, too. I was very interruptive as a child and got in trouble for it a lot, so it became very deeply ingrained in me that I need to wait for the other person to stop talking before I talk.

So while I'm waiting for them to finish, I go off on a tangent in my head and lose track of what they're saying, or else the conversation moves on to something else and makes my comment irrelevant. So I'm generally considered a quiet person, just because nobody gets to hear what I have to say..... I don’t know the healthy medium?? That is my problems. My replies are too elaborate.  I hate you for this exact simple reply.
 Or you have this great input, but you're waiting for the other person to finish with their thought. Now you've spent this whole time holding onto that thought and you've completely ignored what that person was saying.  I'd actually like something like that. And also one that will shock me when my alarm goes off in the morning. Just like me! There is another one: waiting for my turn, and still paying attention to what they’re saying. In the end, the words that I have picked “perfectly”, or comes out like crap and no one gets it, or I forget because I was focus on them. see now im confused  >or I forget because I was focused on them.

This happens all the time to me.  I have the perfect rebuttal but don't want to interrupt and once they finish all I can say is "ah...shit I forgot what I was going to say". 