People laugh when they see "shower" on my to do list, but if they expanded my "morning routine" they'd find "wear pants" To do lists save my life. A lot of people take routines for granted and don't realize that even with years of training (and even military service) structure isn't easy for everyone. This! The number one thing I wish people understood about ADHD is how hard it is to develop a routine, and how easily it just disappears at the slightest provocation. "alright ive done everything i need to this morning...wait shit im not dressed....did I shower? I think I showered... (lifts arm) okay I didn't shower...well..its time to go...so, lemme slap some deo and il shower later"   


getting to my car "shit i forgot to put on deo"  That's true. I have the same problem, but I don't care what people say. It helps me, and that's the most important thing, but it can be exhausting to need to write down every little thing I have to do, just to remember it. I'm trying this now.  Like breaking things down to their components and listing those too.  So, like you, not just "get ready for work" or "leave for work at X o'clock" but "Shower, dress, breakfast, brush teeth, take vitamins & pills \[sub list of each pill\]."  I hope it helps.

&#x200B;

Out of curiosity, how are you making your list?  Pencil and paper?  phone app?  white board?  I'm still trying to settle on one method that I will come back to consistantly.  I'm bouncing between a yellow legal pad, Google keep and two Android apps: TickTick and Habits.  I guess since I'm bouncing between them that means none of them has suited me perfectly so far. Brushing my teeth is the number 1 habit I wish I could make stick. 


It is beyond fucking embarrassing when I realize at 3 in the afternoon that I’ve been chatting people all damn day with stench mouth.  I had an interesting conversation with my psychatrist last night. I told her that since I've finished my MA I've been using less adderal. I dont need it all the time so why take it? The adderall gives me more energy than I know what to do with so I do keep that in mind when deciding to take it or not.   
She asked me how I am doing with staying on task, etc. I told her that I use tons of lists, post-its, alarms, outlook, onenote, etc. I said that I need reminders to work while i'm at work (thank you so much for being in my life, Outlook). I also told her that I have sticky notes all over the house to remind me of stuff (It seems like I am single-handedly keeping PostIt in business, lol) . I also write on my bathroom mirror with dry erase markers.   
She looked at me for a bit and said, "wouldnt it be just easier to take the adderal?"  


Lady. Her of all people should know that if I take it, I can get *hyper focused*  on one task. Even if I buckle down and pound out some solid work, withouth an alarm that says to move from one report to the other, I'll stay on the one all damn day. I can even get hyper focused on distractions. Facebook? Yup, accidentally wasted an hour on it. Choosing a podcast or radio station? Whoops there goes another hour. 

&#x200B;

That's why I take it sparingly. Plus, the system I have in place works for the most part. Even if the notes include, "change your underwear."  I have a parent-friend who has laminated checklists for her kids every morning to get ready for school.  

It works for adults too it turns out!  Lists are the best!! My Dr asked me during my eval if I was disorganized and I proudly said, "Nope! That's my only coping mechanism." Lists, clean apartment - if these things get thrown off I am a MESS who doesn't know what to do or where to find anything. Thankfully I've learned this one skill, but still lots of work to do.  I’m happy to say I’ve never left the house without pants... but I’ve definitely woken up and went to the store and looked down to make sure I was wearing some. So glad this is not just me. For morning routines, I find it helps to always do everything in the same order every day. If I do something out of order, I'll forget half my routine. But as long as it's in order, I can generally figure out what's missing by trying to remember what I did last.

It's weird because sequences are useless to me in almost any other situation. How do you handle your to-do lists?

Off track: I just recently decided to make one for everything like it sounds like you do. The stress of trying to keep everything in my head was getting to me especially since I'd like to do more than just feed myself, get dressed, and shower.

Do you use paper? Do you still check things off when done? Do you put times you need to do things in or how long they take? Do you make a list every day or do you have one you can reuse? 

Any details you can provide me. I'm trying some things but mainly winging it.  [deleted] I support whatever works for you as long as I don't have to deal with you smelling bad.  I messed with my routine this morning because I woke up 2 hours before my alarm... I was 30 minutes late Not only this, but I had a sticky note on my shower door listing:
-wash hair
-wash face
-wash body
-condition hair
-shave

I started doing this when my kid was about to start school and I couldn't spend 3 hours to get ready in the morning. I used to have to add “put on shoes” and “wear deodorant” on my list otherwise I would forget. I feel your pain lol Yep.

I literally write down: make food, eat food, drink water, etc. 

It helps me so much just to have everything down in logical order but I know it seems completely ridiculous haha. I once wore a dressy shirt with pajama pants and bedroom slippers to school. Half way there, I realised what I'd done and begged my Uber driver to take me back pretending that I had forgotten something important home (LIKE MY PANTS). My family found it hilarious and then told meI need help 😐. How did you guys start your routine and stick with it? I find myself making one then I fall off the next day and then I get really sad I couldn’t stick with it then all goes down hill from there :( I was laughed at for my note attached to my door handle to put shoes on instead of slippers. I made that mistake a few times. I'm supposed to dress business casual. Im happy to hear that your to do list is working for you! I was pretty good with lists but I’ve been having a rough time lately so I’ve fallen out of following them. They really work and it helped so much in getting me to leave the house knowing that I had everything in my bag and had eaten and showered. I’m the type to run back because I forgot my bus pass or didn’t bring my laptop but I’ve got the case with me. I really loved the morning routine app as I could set timers so after 12 minutes of eating, I got a reminder to go to the next step. Taskade is great too but more for reminders of all the other things to do in a day. my wife, now that I've been diagnosed, is completely bringing up all the little things she used to ask me why I can't do them as obvious symptoms of ADHD now that we know.

Showering daily. Deodorant. Brushing my Teeth. Zipping up my fly.


hmm. I feel like I struggle with having everything I need to do in the morning mapped out, I mostly end up getting by by remembering it all right before I leave when I realize I haven’t done any of it.  My spouse laughed when I told him I had items like “Put on deodorant” on my task list. He’s slowing understanding but moments like that are hard. Reminder of how different we in this respect. Ok I do that shit all the time. Put seriously obvious tasks on the list. The more I can cross off the more it motivates me!! And obviously I do it too cause sometimes I really just can’t remember ...even if it’s really important.  I usually forget (until its too late) to brush my teeth at night, it used to be in the mornings too but since I started working I have incorporated it into my morning routine. I still forget at night. I have reminders that pop up on my alexa for my bath and to take my anxiety meds. I also carry a notebook around work and write everything that I need to do. My smartwatch has been a life saver. When I first started dating my boyfriend he thought I was silly for the same exact thing! Like, if I don't put down the basics, I'll forget! Mine too! I even have, "brush hair" and "brush teeth" on there. Dammit, if I'm gonna shower, I better get the satisfaction of being able to check something off a list for it.  Omg I feel this so bad. Just joined this sub and I didn't realize there were people out there who do routines like this too. I have an alarms set for "Go Home" and "Do Deep Breathing" for my evening routine. One time I was out at a friend's house for dinner and my phone was across the room when the first one went off so my friends saw it and were like ?? da fuck is this alarm for...and obviously I forgot there was a second alarm a half hour later like an idiot lmao.. should have listened to the first one. Yesss!

I have 'trim nails' 

People ask 'don't you just see that they need it?'

I also had an employer who was great, and like a fatherly figure for my professional self, who couldn't wrap his head around why I used alarms and lists. He would tell me to relax and that I won't need them.

Once I stopped writing lists while he told me stuff, he took it as a sign that I was growing confidence but it was really just that he'd already I already had made a comprehensive list for what he was explaining to me. Lol!  Oh wow, I don't have ADHD (well i never got assessed for any addition needs) but lists are my life. If I don't write a list the night before of things I need or want done the next day, it doesn't get done. I have so many old lists and people laugh if they see them. Get up, get dressed, wash face, moisturise etc. It's so effective no matter how dumb it seems to others. I haven't got much done the past couple weeks because I haven't done any damn lists. I don’t think I ever formed a good habit until I started medicine. 

But more than that, if I didn’t have an extremely detailed to do list, I would get nothing done. I keep a legal pad on my desk 100% of the time and write every thought down on there so I don’t lose anything. It helps immensely.  I have an alarm strictly for “shower.”

Because if I forget to do it I’m dead ass tired at the end of the night when I realized I didn’t shower then I have to either do it right then, which gives me mad bed head when I wake up, and sometimes a cold, or in the morning which I hate because I don’t like wet hair and being wet makes putting on my clothes more difficult and it’s just a pain. My thing is washing my hair. I can usually remember to shower but convincing myself to take an extra half hour to get my hair washed and ready is a struggle. Either I don't get in the shower in time to do it or it just feels so painful to spend that time that I just push it off. I'm not alone! "Wake up," "Get Dressed," "Go to Bed," are on there every day and broken down to include things like "turn on the lights," "put on shoes," and "have a cup of tea."  Because i live in humid and tropics places. I never had to remember shower as a routine because you wake up and instantly feel the disgust of the humid air and instantly just went for shower.  We prefer novelty... wherever we can get it. For me I can’t bring myself to physically have breakfast, shower, dressed, lunch in bag etc in the same order every single damn day, it’s too boring and I would end up not going to work if I did it in the same order each  day. Just my opinion on the matter... positive note, I’ve developed really flexible students at my school as my daily routine is never the same.  I had "take shit" in my to-do. I had create to-do in my to-do list. I just wish it never comes to the point where i need "breathe" in that list  I have a composition book I keep all my to-do lists in. I have to write down EVERYTHING i need to do (shower, get dressed, take my medicine, eat, etc.) so that I don't forget to do all of the basic human things. When people who don't know me very well see it at first glance, they think i'm incredibly odd. Simple explanation, though. People who don't have ADHD just won't understand lol So while I definitely feel like I could benefit from to do lists, both to keep my ADHD on track and to make sure I am taking care of myself so I don’t have a bipolar meltdown, you can go too far with this.

We had a girl working in our office, her computer was by necessity open to everyone for business purposes, and we found she had an excel spreadsheet with literally everything she did all day...down to scheduled poops. She doesn’t work here anymore but we still refer to her as The Pooper. Now where did I put my list? Today I am wearing light blue sneakers with black jeans, and completely forgot to stop at the bank this morning even with a calendar reminder.  I should've known that I wasn't the only person doing this, lol... I have a check list that I try to remember to run through before I leave the house. If I don't, I inevitably forget something. Usually, I still do, but it's not as bad.

Did I brush my teeth? Deodorant? Where is my phone? Am I wearing a bra? Can you see my bra through my shirt? (This one usually results in me swearing up a blue streak and changing). Did I grab my meds? Where is my phone? Do I have my lunch? Am I wearing socks? Did I let the dogs out? Did I refill the water bowls? Where is my phone? Do I have my keys? Are the doors shut? Am I sure I have my keys? Check three more times to be sure before you lock the door behind you.

Then, like clockwork, the moment I get on the toll road, I remember whatever it was I forgot (usually meds.) -- Totally agree! I wish I knew the science behind this. Why are habits less “sticky” for ADHD brains? YES. That is a constant problem for me since I'll establish a routine, and then it'll be thrown off by housesitting (I do a lot of in-home petsitting) or an unusually busy day of work/school. AND why I get so damned perturbed when my routine *is* changed.  It seriously ruins my entire day. Error Carried Forward.  SO MUCH THIS. Blew my husband's mind one time when, after wearing just panties and and undershirt to bed for years, I had somehow forgotten this and one night went to bed in only sweatpants. I felt so ungodly embarrassed when we debated it later. :C Or how we seriously need to remember these simple things. I forget to eat, to shower, to sleep sometimes. Fuck. What I don't understand is why do I keep forgetting that I'm not the only one with this problem? Lol I hate days like this, especially because they have a tendency to snowball. Now I'm stressing about my BO and it'll cause me to lock my keys in the car, leave my phone at work, and forget to pick up the milk. This is why I try to do everything in the exact same order every day, so that I can't get to step B without first doing step A, and if I'm at step B then I can know that I've already done step A. Otherwise I'll just be confused the whole time, not being able to remember which parts of the routine I've already done and which I haven't.  Yeah, I have to write down the reason I'm leaving a room every time. Sometimes I get lazy and don't write it down, and then when I get to the next room I forget why I'm there and end up doing something else.

Other people think it's hilarious, but it's incredibly frustrating for me. A laminated sheet is a good combination of white-board and piece of paper.  I use the todoist app. I really like the widget and its ability to parse my entry for keywords like "every tuesday" "in two weeks" etc.  


I don't break down every single task into components because I'd spend too much time on my phone checking them off, but the mornings are particularly rough and it makes it easier to get myself to the next task if I don't have to try to think about what the next task is.

It's taken a bit of play to figure out what's enough and what's too much, and looking at my "to do" for the next three days will make it easier to make sure I'm not making unrealistic expectations for myself. I've been doing the lists thing for over 30 years now, and my answer is this: Start with the simplest system, and evolve it gradually over time, based on your changing needs for it. 

Don't try to use a complex list keeping and task management system right at the start. You'll get lost in it and won't get a flow going and there'll be high risk of giving up in frustration. But if you start out just doing it as a simple paper or digital note file, then evolving it from there based on needs, you'll find it much easier to stick with it over time.

My system is now a massive spreadsheet with complex formulas, automated coloured boxes, warnings, etc, it's basically a fully constructed personalised timesheet and tasks list app built into a spreadsheet. But it didn't start out that way, it started out as a simple list, and I added gradually to it over the years, as I became aware of new needs.  I use Habitica because you can make sublists and have them for daily things, certain days of the week only, once a month even, or one time things, or no certain time (like "pick clothes up off the floor") and you gold star for *everything* 😊 

Edit: and also a bullet journal *and* a whiteboard for bigger things like schedule and to-do list - more places, more times writing it down, less chances to forget! But my crazy routines are in Habitica (and listed in my bujo in case Habitica eats itself so I have a copy for reference) - one of my nightly routines is reviewing my schedule in my journal and updating my whiteboard... broken into about 8 sub steps. It sounds ridiculous, and I don't recommend starting out with so much, but it just built up over a year or so and it frickin *works* Google Keep is a life saver! I think you should go with what works for you. 

I have a day planner where I write out my daily tasks. There are never enough spaces for all the stupid breakdowns I have to do. But filing the page sure helps things. 

Sometimes I write out everything I need to do, and then re-write it based on category or what I should do first. 

At the end of the day I try to write it down in my day one journal - as well as my emotions, and that really helps me wind down and feel good about my day.

Unless I forgot to take my medication. Which happens all the time. Then *nothing* gets done.

You can also use ALL the methods you’ve listed. As long as you’re using one or another, and following it, that’s success, right? Maybe it’s okay to be add about your todo list. I find a combination of pen and paper with the added help of an app for backup helps me.

The act of writing helps me to recall and remember. Apps don’t help as much in that way for me.

I use my alarm app or calendar app to set alerts to remind myself for things in the future. Otherwise, I use pen and paper for daily tasks or lists of things I need to pick up or remember. Like you, I have also done daily routine lists to remember so I don’t forget simple things (even somethings as simple as eating! My body doesn’t tell me because I often have no appetite due to depression...). Adding another way to make a list:

I made them in excel (one column to check them off, one with the thing I want to do) and printed/copied them a bunch. 

I've noticed the days when I rrreally *need* a list are the days I'm most likely to skip making one, so just being able to grab one of the pile helps a bunch.

I use the back to write down the specific to-do's of the day. 

 Making it part of my shower routine worked for me. I know how you feel. 
Society: "People who don't brush their teeth are disgusting"
Me: "I'm fucking trying ok" 
 Is your prescription too strong? Have you tried extended release Adderall or Vyvanse? I haven’t got high (“more energy than I know what to do with”) since the first time I took it. Or when I accidentally double dose. Which, thankfully, is very rare. Also, I think alarms to interrupt your flow are good and knowing your limits is good too. If you can’t check Facebook on your meds without locking in, then don’t check it at work. Getting locked in to a task is good. Getting locked in and doing one task and neglecting the rest isn’t so good. Might be a sign your meds are a bit much. Not that you’re helping by keeping a low tolerance taking it sporadically. You wasted just an hour on FB? Haha, I haven't left without pants but having it on the list keeps me from walking around the house not knowing what I was supposed to be doing. Many times I don't even know that I don't remember what I'm supposed to be doing, I'm just pacing and eventually go "oh right, pants" but I was staring at a kitchen counter trying to locate my brain. Yes, the order matters for me too. I tried paper many times in the past, but for me it's just something else to lose. My phone is pretty much a constant in my life so an app worked best. I haven't tried a ton, because I liked Todoist so much.

Most of the day I use the Todoist widget, I have 2/3 of my homescreen dedicated to it. I check most things off as I do them, except for tasks that are nested. My "morning routine" will have a few things I do in succession (brush teeth, wash face, moisturize, pants, etc) so I won't check them all off, I'll just check off the "master" task.

I love that the app allows me to set recurring tasks, reschedule things, and it can recognize entries such as "call mom tom" "run for president on march 20th" "put trash out every tuesday" etc.

One last thing I like is it has a website. There are times at work when using my phone isn't allowed, so I pull my list up on a tab and refer to it every once in a while.

I'd recommend starting out with a small list of recurring items and fill things in as you need them through the day. That way you can find your balance. I've been using Habitica for this. It's not only a holder for lists but it's also an MMORPG. I get rewarded with in game gold and experience to buy stuff like costumes and pets. It's a little juvenile but it's kept me going back - when I don't do something on my list for the day, I take damage based on the difficulty I set for that task. It also allows me to set things that are single time goals, and habits that I can repeat multiple times a day, for good or bad. Plus I can gather together groups and do 'quests' together which is just essentially being rewarded for keeping each other accountable. And there's a whole community of monthly challenges that can earn you premium currency.

I have all my morning routine on there, and can set it so that if I know I'm too busy to walk on Saturdays I can say don't turn this task on, only on Saturday, and I don't get punished if I don't complete it, but I can still get rewarded when I do.  Plus I can put on the things I want to remember to do long term and set time frames and even reminders if I use my phone to do so. The website is good too but doesn't do reminders.  haha! I'm glad I'm not the only one who forgets! I have an hour drive to work, and frequently I'm in a hurry to get out the door.  I don't realize until 10 minutes into my drive that I need to pee and I forgot to buy gas before I left.  All this time for activities! Wait, never mind. Interesting (and random) thing, I find it really interesting when characters in shows show signs of mental health disorders without it being an explicit character trait. I was watching Daredevil season 3 and I noticed Karen has a huge piece of paper on the inside of her front door reading "KEYS!" And then I started noticing a lot of other little things she sees and says that fit the ADHD headcanon. I wonder if it's intentional. Oh god, I basically only hydrate from stealing my wife's drink and when I'm at work. I'll eat/drink anything that's in front of me, but getting it there in the first place is a problem. Haha, at least they're still pants right? For me, having a job helps.

I mean that literally, if I didn’t have my job I would be so lost.

But I also have to get ready exactly before my job, like if I have time leftover afterwards to sit and wait I always forget stuff. I forget more stuff when I have extra time than I do when I’m running late.

If that fails, I make a list of stuff I need when I leave lmfao For me it’s been helpful to plan my schedule minute by minute the night before.

I put it on a whiteboard next to my bed so when I wake up I feel some (healthy) urgency to get out of bed and get those things done instead of this ambiguous stress I feel when I have things to do but am anticipating that inevitably I won’t get it all done cuz my *~brain~* BUT we can do this!!!

I’ll write something like: 
6:30-6:35 am — wake up
6:40-7:40 am — shower, clothes, makeup
7:50-8:10 am — make breakfast, etc.
I also set alarms or timers for myself. If I need to make sure I only take a 10 minute shower, I’ll give myself some leeway and set a timer for 7 minutes. 9:30 alarm tells me i need to wrap up getting ready and I have to leave in 10 minutes, etc.

I hope some aspect of this might be helpful :) good luck you got this! Habitica app makes building routines fun for me. Helps with the motivation to keep doing the tasks. Congrats on the diagnosis, it makes your life make so much more sense. I have a vivid memory of basic training where I walked all the way from the "deployment zone" to my barracks to get the one boot I forgot to pack. All the while anxiously waiting for someone to scream at me about being in the wrong area. Mornings are rough, I usually wake up pretty motivated, but with my brain all over the place. What an appropriate username Trim nails, trim dog nails, trim kids nails. Thank God my list can create a task for "every other week" It’s not very satisfying but habits are reliant on dopamine in the brain, because they rely on reward circuits. Our dopamine pathways/reward circuits aren’t the same, so habits don’t work the same way. They aren’t sticky because we don’t feel the same sense of reward to reinforce them. Ugh. I hate this! I went to CA for my brother's wedding in early October and my home life has been a mess since. I'm struggling to get back on track a month later!  Stores like Wal-Mart and cvs normally have trial/travel sections where you can buy tiny deodorant. Easy to keep in your car or desk! This happens to me a lot too. On a daily basis, especially while getting ready for work.

Sometimes I find it helps if I stand in the room and pause to see if I remember why I entered that room or I will go back to where I was originally to see if I remember then.

It also helps if I keep my things in their usual places. If things are out of place I will often forget to use them. Like, wear deodorant, wear my belt, where I left my keys or my purse or sunglasses. 

I find when leaving for work I have to run back into the house a couple times because I keep forgetting things. So now I try to collect my things at the door before I go to my car to make sure I have everything.

It’s so embarrassing and frustrating!!! "Yeah, I have to write down the reason I'm leaving a room every time. **Sometimes I get lazy and don't write it down**"


See this is the difference between ADHD and neurotypicals and why we hate hearing things like "oh everyone sometimes forgets what they left the room for! You're fine!" 


This poor person right here feels guilty when they *do not explicitly write out instructions for what to do when they leave the room*. This concept would be alien to a neurotypical. Yet even those of us who do not struggle nearly as much with this specific problem can completely understand because our working memory is shit!!  Omg this happens to me so often- I was wondering if it was just me or what. thank you for sharing that, i can relate!! I’m not entirely sure if my medication (I just started recently) actually helps with this or not, sometimes I think it does and other times I’m still forgetful and absent minded. I recently switched to an iPhone (a free hand-me down) and I noticed there is a feature that you can set timed use for a specified app.

Of course, I haven’t tried the feature yet because I just remembered that feature existed. Maybe I will set it up tomorrow... hahaha... why am I like this?

Anyways, if I do try this feature out I will share my experience. I would like to stop getting consumed by Reddit and Facebook... maybe finally become productive... I think it may be too high but the lower dose is too weak :/
I also do have extended release. But I'll talk to my doctor about it more in depth next time I see her. 
Thank you for the advice :) Ikr hyperfocus aint shit... it is only until im starving and with the 5% of battery that I realize about the phone marathon in which I wasted a day of my life :( 3hrs use of facebook, 4hrs use of youtube, 2hrs of interesting wikipedia and 2 hrs use of reddit which usually makes me get my shit together by ending up in the r/adhd reading posts like this :/ I mean..it happens multiple times a day. I thankfully do most of my standing in my room... what was I forgetting again... I think I might try this list idea.. I’m a techie person so I might try and get a tablet to hang on the wall.  [deleted] I have this problem to and it blows my mind! Man, I’m relieved to hear I’m not the only one who forgets to eat. I knew I wasn’t the only one but it’s nice to hear it. Even though it obviously sucks for all of us.

Do you get embarrassed about it or face skepticism for it? Haha thank God for small favours! I find when I have extra time or I wake up early I spend it and waste it then I end up being late to a lot of things.  Thank you for the advice I’m going to start incorporating as much as I can to my days and hopefully it sticks!  I’ll look into this thanks! That makes sense. Intrinsic rewards have never really been compelling for me. However, if I’m taking medication for ADHD, wouldn’t that change my brain chemistry enough for habits to form? Bro, holy shxt! (Mind blown)
Such an easy explanation that I can relay to my gf to get her to understand why every morning is a struggle! Thank you for this! I keep my deodorant in my purse :p Yes, having a place for everything is so important! I had a lot of problems with that when I lived with my parents, because my mom would constantly "clean up" after me and hated having a lot of stuff by the door, on the bathroom counter, etc. And then she would get mad at me for forgetting all the things she hid away (I wasn't diagnosed at the time) Me too!! I got so into reddit and I don’t even really like reddit that much. I stayed up 2 hours late on it last night and then I was a half hour late to work this morning. I am not happy with this turn of events! And it doesn't help that I drink *ALL* the coffee.  Me too, it’s uncanny and frustrating. My understanding is that we still haven’t totally figured out everything that is happening with ADHD, so the medications treat some parts but aren’t actually solving the underlying problem. I have found that I can form habits slightly better on Concerta, but mostly I’m just better at getting things done and not getting overwhelmed, without things becoming automatic the way they seem for neurotypical people... I know the feeling! My mom would do the same things when I lived with her! 

Unfortunately, my second grade teacher asked my mom if she had got me diagnosed for ADD back in 2002, and my mom was in denial that her little girl had it. She said I displayed no signs. And then by fifth grade I was struggling with assignments and homework and my teachers expressed concern to my parents. Still no diagnosis, help, or tutors.

Then in grade ten my science teacher talked me after a test about ADD and said that he thought I would benefit from exploring options and seeking a diagnosis. It wasn’t until after I hit my first major depressive episode that I sought counsel and got a diagnosis. I definitely have ADD, or ADHD - non-hyperactive and some mental illnesses.

It’s always made me feel like I’m dumb and it’s really frustrating. But I’m getting the handle of it now. It would be a lot easier with medications but the kind I was diagnosed was $120 for two weeks worth at the LOWEST dose. Man, I wish my job had benefits... I’m new to Reddit and I like it so far, the communities I’m in are friendly and supportive and funny. Plus, the conversations and discussions stay productive and healthy, which I found pleasantly surprising.

I think I just need reminders to close the app haha Set a timer or something... Actually, I’m going to do that. The clock app has a timer feature.

Figures crossed that this works! Really happy that I’m not the only one in this world, this subreddit has shown me a lot of support :) I find the same improvement with my medication: less overwhelm so I’m more likely to be able to hone in on something actionable and choose to do it. It’s the habit of being consistent that still eludes me. I hope more ADHD research helps unveil this kind of stuff soon.

Thanks for taking the time to ELI5. I’ve got a lot to learn. 😊 Ugh, the drug prices. I only get 40% coverage, and the most expensive drug option here is the only one that my doctor is willing to prescribe because other options are too heavily regulated for him to bother. You’re welcome! I took just enough neuroscience in undergrad to be dangerous (and have a bare understanding of this stuff). 😉 My husband and I have a theory that most of this isn’t actually one thing... that there are several things that can be different in your brain that we call “ADHD”, and several more that we call “autism” and that is why we can’t figure out why things work for some people and not for others. But it’s just a layman’s theory, and I hope the scientists are working hard to figure out whatever is going on! Yeah, I was prescribed Biphentin and I had to show my drivers licence each time, even though my pharmacist saw me every two weeks and recognized me. I agree. Several different ways for the prefrontal cortex to be different but cause a lot of similar effects. 