This is your friendly reminder to text back that person you meant to text earlier, then totally forgot. ❤️  Saw this on the “How To ADHD” Twitter page a few days ago and I feel like I constantly need the reminder, lol. That would be my brother - 10 days ago - thx. just replied to one from September 30th 😅 Thank you!!!!! I keep forgetting to text the dog walker.  Can I use this to ask: how do you preface this?

 "Hey, sorry, I know you expected me to get in touch 3 months ago, life kinda got in the way... so anyways" Done. Thanks! 

Also, move your laundry into the dryer.  I feel personally attacked by this relatable content. Thanks, even though this is one of the few times it doesn't apply. Sure, but then my social anxiety will kick in and I’ll avoid texting until I get distracted again. Nope. I text people too fast, and too often. I've been told to chill... Many times! Turn on read receipts. It will make you more accountable to respond. Fuuuuuck thanks g Just deleted two half-finished ones tonight - one that said yes to a social invitation that is now off the table due to non-response, and another that didn’t even have enough words to make any sense whatsoever.  I love these ADHD PSAs. While we're at it:

**Brush your fucking teeth**

Right, I'm off to brush my teeth and text someone. Thanks! 6 messages sent! You mean my entire email inbox from the past week?  That's me, that's me So I’m not alone Can we make this a daily thing? iOS and Android should have a snooze feature for texts.  You just reminded me to pay daycare!
 Mom at 7:30. She thanks you lol Thank you! Oh.  Yes.  Thank you for that! ... thanks Several days, several weeks, a month or two.. Im a bad friend.  Thank you! This is the best......gets distracted by posting a reply and forgets about the message.. is there an app to send you reminders for unread texts or something like that?? THANK YOU FUCKING THANKS! Wish this was 10 days earlier but thanks anyways lol Omg thank you XD OMG LOL. this is SOOOO relatable Now I’m stressed because I’m forgetting who I forgot to text back That's! I did it hahaha This should be stickied to the top of the page along with 'Daily reminder to brush your teeth' Or call them.  You're right! My poor Mum asked me if she should call me yesterday.  In my case it was an email, a reply to one I got a month ago today!  My reply ended up being embarassingly long, but oh well... thanks for the reminder. About my email inbox - every now and then I have to 'mark all as unread' and pick my way through to see what I've missed!!  Shit, who was that... I can't remember now.  Thank you! lol, which one? Which one? Thank you! Yeah, I’ve got a number of people to text back. This happens to me way more often than I'd like to admit. Not even sure how I have friends anymore. This is why I'm a quick texter. Otherwise I'll forget. even when I make various reminders in my phone. It's more so for calling people. I really dont like phone calls, so I just keep pushing the reminder back and back and then finally they call me and are like...so that thing I asked you two days ago, do you have an answer???  Damn! Thank you! :O God, I'm so terrible for this- thanks for the reminder! I have an email from July I've been meaning to reply to... In my case, calling my father... Thank you! 😅😅 lol I don't even know where my phone is Omg yes Damnit I knew I forgot something! But what? Ugh, I need this reminder everyday. I’ve been meaning to text my grandma for a week to say thank you for letting me visit and for my birthday card  Thanks! I thought I had.... Don't clear your text 'read' badge until you take your adderall and actually text them back. It drives me crazy that the badge isnt cleared and reminds me to text them back. i am pretty good at returning text messages.  i hate when people dont text me back, and always overthink when having to send reminder text, like did they get it, do they not care, am i not worth their time, etc...  What if you forgot and now it’s a month later and you feel bad 😔 Oh Shit!@@@ This is what messed up my previous relationship lmao.  I dont wanna leave my chair though. I'm going to text her after this. Nah, I'll forget. I'll forget I even typed this. Peace. Nah, they probably don't care anyway... “Whoops I thought I hit send on that message but I guess I didn’t!”

Or, since I work nights and sleep during the day, “oh I must have read that in my sleep!” Which really does happen a lot. I even listen to voicemails in my sleep.  I second this question. “Sorry I forgot to respond 3 weeks ago.. and 6 months ago... and a year ago.......” I just pretend nothing happened an reply like normal. It happens so often that my friends are used to it; I don't need to make excuses because they know what to expect Haha the laundry god why always  Jesus Christ this one every time I was about to say this lol This right here. Preach it. Haha same!  Not if you still don’t open it. When I had read receipts on, I just ended up racking up more badge alert notifications because I’d never open texts right away and then forget about them.  Read receipts make my social anxiety go wild, so I opted for the softer but similar message of setting my phone to delete messages after 30 days. (30 days! i know! but that is the kind of timeline I am usually dealing with, so....) It has really helped because I know I can just scroll to the bottom and see which conversation needs some love, lol.  I just don't close my notifications until I've addressed them all. Sometimes I still get distracted mid-text and forget, of course. But on my phone the regular notifications don't disappear until I open or dismiss them. I took a shower in my sleep once, I left my socks on too... Omg. I actually do that all the time, forget to hit the send button!! 😂🤣 I will finish at some point, Kif. Thanks.. there it was! This is why I like snapchat because you actually have to open it to see what they said so I feel obligated to reply  Too bad texting doesn't do this. 