Bonus of parenting with ADHD I had to put my son's halloween candy out of sight because it was becoming an obstacle to other things he needed to do. This led to strict compliance because he was terrified that I would forget where I put all his candy.  This also helped us keep the living room clean when I was a kid. If anything, such as a book or a gameboy or whatever, was left on the table, my mother would "tidy", and immediately forget where she put it. Queue frantic searching through the house for that library book due in a day. I like to use it as rewards for small stuff. Like, first one to find the tv remote I misplaced gets candy.  It's amazing how my husband or kids can ask me where some random thing is that hasn't been touched in weeks but I forget where I put something I JUST had. 

This also reminded me of how 2 years ago we were living with my mom. For Christmas my daughter got an Nintendo DS and before break was over I ended up grounding her from it. It was put up and not seen again until just a few weeks ago. Appearently I put it at the top of the linen closet.  I am the opposite most of the time. I have organized chaos. I can generally remember where something is if I put there (unless I put it someplace safe, then it’s gone forever). But when my husband moves things i lose my mind trying find things like my keys which he put back where they go.  :( my mom did this to me, but I’m the one with adhd. I love this idea, totally stealing it. Now how to incentivise them finding and returning the candy when you lose that.... Yeah, my kids figure once something is taken, it's just gone forever. My 8-year-old could've had his mp3 player back a couple years ago if I knew where the hell I put it. That reminds me of something I did. I only used my passport once before it went AWOL. Finally found it [indeterminate but long enough period of time for me to consider shelling out for a new one] later. Y’know what happened? I put it in my jewelry box for safekeeping. The jewelry box has drawers. I now know why the little drawers on my jewelry box were not closing all the way. The passport is no longer stored in the jewelry box. 🙃😂 