Seattle Neighborhoods Hi all

Considering moving to Seattle from Northern California. I was looking at apartments on Zillow and realized I have no idea what a good area of live in would be in terms of safety. I’ve visited once and overall the city seemed very livable but I’m curious if anyone has any insight to the types of neighborhoods. Like which is the business/financial area, the artsy area, is there a china/Japan town area, what’s the more suburban-looking areas?  I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/circlejerkseattle] [🔥 r\/seattle is spicy! 🔥](https://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkseattle/comments/a1jqjr/rseattle_is_spicy/)

&nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))* We have way too many Californians already. https://housely.com/dangerous-neighborhoods-seattle/ [http://lmgtfy.com/?q=seattle+neighborhoods](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=seattle+neighborhoods)

&#x200B; Don't move here. You're getting these responses because we are sick of out of towners moving here and consequently driving up our cost of living and driving out the locals. Quit fucking moving here, we love our city and want to be able to keep loving it until we die. Californians especially, take note. Google is probably a decent place to start. I’ve never used it myself, and I doubt you’ve heard of it all the way in Northern California but it’s this new thing where you can type questions like “Seattle neighborhoods” and it’ll bring up all these websites you can visit.

Websites are like books and newspapers, but online. You’ll find dozens, if not hundreds, of these websites that have all sorts of information on Seattle’s neighborhoods. There are even websites where you can take a quiz and it will give you a recommendation! 

A recommendation is a suggestion based off certain criteria. What you asked for was us to plan your move for you. Do you see the difference?  Came here because I am also planning on moving from the Bay Area, and am curious of the different neighborhoods. 

And damn, people are sassy on this sub. 

Please let me know if you find out any good info.  First off I want to apologize for the jerks commenting on this post. Seattle is better than this. 

It all depends on what you like, where you work, how much money you have, etc. To answer your questions though, the business/financial area is mostly in south downtown and south lake union. The artsy areas are kinda everywhere. The international district is next to pioneer square, and it gets more suburban the further north you go.  Jesus christ, sorry for consulting the people who live there themselves.  There is a "Chinatown," also called "International District."

Business/financial is downtown, the core of that is James St. to the south, about Union St to the north, Second Ave. to the west, Fifth Ave to the east.

South Lake Union and Denny Triangle is Amazon, and some Google (in process of moving).  Expedia migrating to Interbay area (north and west of Downtown Seattle).

Artsy....Google Benaroya Hall, will be nearby there.

Other sites will answer questions about crime, but there really is no 100% safe area to be, unless you want to live next to Bezos and The Gates.  South Seattle, with some exception of Columbia City, is where most avoid for fear of crime.  Central District going through gentrification. [deleted] I'm not always on board with circlejerkseattle threads but when I am, the comments section looks like this.  Notice the rude natives and run :) Solid list and one of the more helpful responses.  Much Better than lmgtfy. Would’ve taken you less time to type out two or three neighborhoods than it did to find that link.  So, how long ago since you moved here? Nah I’m good with out towners moving in. I only like the ones that are able to figure it out on their own, is the thing.  I’m not from California, I’m from Pennsylvania but moved out here for work. Sorry to bother you  You don’t need to be a jerk.  People post "I'm moving here - answer my questions" at least daily. I feel like I am a helpful person, but it does get really tiring. There will still be cranky people who will tell you to get lost, but if you demonstrate that you've already done research, and have some specific questions, you'll get more, and more useful replies.   Sorry about the bad attitudes here, but people in the city really are this rude. They’re just too scared to do it to your face, and the anonymity of the Internet lets folks be what they truly are inside.  Welcome to Seattle! I think the term "gentrification" should be outlawed.  When a certain demographic swiftly becomes higher density, it's not about race, it's more money.  I moved out of Seattle because of the raising cost's, crime and overpopulation.  I Don't see anybody here crying gentrification in area's like Ballard or south lake union.  (If you've lived here a while you will know what I mean.)  Somewhere I can walk without feeling like I need to have pepper spray at the ready  two or three neighborhoods

happy now? just kidding... welcome to your future home.

Maple Leaf is the best neighborhood.  Proven by its status as 1986 Neighborhood of the Year So I said I’m considering moving there. I am doing research. When i moved to San Francisco I did a ton of research and once we got here, things were different than they seemed on blog posts from 2010. Posting here was absolutely part of my research and I think it’s ok to use reddit to ask questions. Why are you here if you don’t want to be helpful? You...what? Yes, they do. All the time. Google “Ballard gentrification” and get back to me.  [deleted] /r/Seattle is VERY different from Seattle irl, unfortunately. Don't fool yourself into thinking the two are anything alike. This subreddit is shockingly toxic. I knew this was going to stir it up, but seriously, why hasn't ballard been labeled as a gentrified neighborhood? There’s a lot of homeless people here who seem to be mentally ill, so I guess I’m afraid of something potentially escalating there.  It really isn’t that different, people just wont do it to your face because they don’t want confrontation.  It really is. If you don’t submit to the progressive groupthink, you get downvoted to oblivion.  It absolutely has.  If you're afraid of homeless people, you're not gonna like Seattle. Either rethink moving to Seattle or rethink your fear of homeless people.  FYI, Washington is a “shall issue” state. So you are able to legally carry a concealed pistol once you’ve established residency and applied for a permit. I usually carry when I’m in Seattle for this very reason.  Fuck that, OP should rethink living in a city at all.  Oh good another gun nut that doesn’t live in Seattle commenting here. Just what we need.  Seattle resident since 1981...how long have you lived here? “I usually carry when I’m in Seattle.” 

Where do you actually live.  Close enough to be there often. Sorry, I don’t tell strangers on the internet where I live.  I thought so. For the record, since 87. When I was born.  