Going for a walk on Jose Rizal Bridge  ...and cross Rizal Bridge, I watch each step, walking closer to my final destination with death Leave no trace Background: what everyone else sees about Seattle. 
Foreground: what people see who live here.  Man you captured so much about our city in 1 picture, blue skies, Hawks, Mariners, a working waterfront, Olympic Mountains, oh and the homeless too. That tree has seen better days. Pack it in, pack it out. What a perfect representation of Seattle What a quaint homestead, reminiscent of David Denny settling in Seattle.  I can't tell if it's trash or if there's a person pooping in the SE corner of the camp. That's a sweet piece of real estate. Apparently, someone you don't want to cross. You made a pile of plastic bottles look absolutely gorgeous.  REI would love this... Nice shot Interesting. The side of the tree above the trash pile is decaying. In 2002 a police informant was found murdered near a homeless encampment under this bridge Do I see a miniature tent for a dog? ... almost a nice view The beauty of America in one picture.  That is what's so great about Seattle- it's so easy to get out of town and experience nature! We really should be ashamed of our homelessness issue and work to lower rent to help with it.  Sold a bunch of drugs there once it was a lot more chill than you’d think It'll take hundreds of people to clean up the mess one asshole makes.

These people are scum of the earth.  We need a zero tolerance policy. Scoll, beautiful. Scroll, so beautiful, scroll ok, WTF, this city. Disgusting  Bums Would have been better if you took the photo at night with the tent all lit up from a blazing crack pipe. But yeah, this is a really great photo. You should enlarge it on a huge canvas and give it as a gift to the city council.  mental illness is a hellofa drug.  That's the most beautiful picture I've seen of sodo. Thank you I feel like I can smell Seattle when I look at this picture. This is very sad it was a beautiful city Wow, the state parks sure have gone downhill quick.  🥺 Nice photo Nice campsite... Oh, look - campers! Great camping spot, such a beautiful view of the sound! Couldn't afford a nice megablock for the poors to live in because ya'll need your sportsball like they need heroin.  The juxtaposition of those two boondoggles with the campsite is great. 

Whole lot of stupid on all sides.  This somehow makes a really shity view look fantastic. Yo, is that Blue Scholars? The northwest fills my lungs kills the pain in my chest  Tbh, I 100% would not care about people living in tents wherever (aside from the humanitarian aspect) if they didn’t explode garbage like this. I made a comment on this sub earlier this year refuting someone's reasoning as to why homeless people leave garbage. The comment blamed the problem on modern society and lack of waste resources and other things...not one mention that it could be due to irresponsible, careless people who are down and out and often high or drunk. I was down voted a lot and surprised by that. 

This sub's views on homeless people has changed a lot since then. I'm glad people are frustrated with it now and fed up with them. It was a big reason why I sold and moved out of queen anne. 

Edit: link to original comment, gilded and all. https://www.reddit.com/r/SeattleWA/comments/808q29/seattle_1937_1st_avenue_south/dutv8uo This comment should be at the top [deleted] It probably doesn't like being a toilet. 😂😂😂 A city of contrasts Well, I’m sure they’d like their tent back.  After being even more heavily edited lol This is however, A VIEW. A very real view. A perspective as powerful as it is unfortunate, as ugly as it is beautiful, this is the world that you and I and everything captured in this photo have little choice but to occupy and be a part of. 

Do what you can to compress the dynamic range involved in a photo like this, I’m not saying you don’t because I have no idea what you do as you move through life each day.

What I can say that this is a “nice view” to me. The internet isn’t where I go to find things that align with what my subjective experience deems as “nice”. The internet is where I go to find information I had not been able to find in any other media outlet.

To me, this is a nice fucking view. 
A view of Seattle to me that’s real,
A view of Seattle to me that made me leave after 10 years to seek a way of life that may combine technological and social developments in my own psyche in order to find clues as to what I can do to change the reactive nature of the collective idea about how our society should and does operate.

Thanks for the nice comment.

/endrant  I reallllllllly hope you sold the types of drugs that are not extremely addictive and contribute to today's homeless problem.  >this city 

This country. It’s not just Seattle.  Drugs are a hell of a drug Yup this one homeless person destroyed the entire city in all its beauty How to delete someone else’s comment “Honey I need to appear like a hip socialite on the internet.”

“Mock sports arenas and make sure to throw in the word juxtaposition!” >Couldn't afford a nice megablock for the poors to live in because ya'll need your sportsball like they need heroin.

When you don't realize that the new sports arena is privately funded and also made a separate contribution to the homelessness fund. People are down voting this, but it is a good juxtaposition of the haves and the have nots.     If the funds for these were private and a contribution to the homeless situation was made, where is the solution?  Seems like some money does get thrown at the problem, but I never see any actual attempts to fix it.  Maybe because it's a problem with more causes than people want to think about. Yup. Joe Metro. Other than the Hood Famous Bakeshop, what are those guys up to these days?

&#x200B; I don't even understand how it gets like that. Just randomly thrown around. At least make a singular pile or something. looks like a gorgeous spot to camp. I would be happy for people to camp there if they respected the space more. I’ve noticed a lot of city trash cans near road-adjacent camps that are clearly being serviced/picked up.  There’s some as you go from I-5 N to 90 on the ramp. same. theres a road outside my work that people would sometimes park rvs along side. for a while we just ignored it as they werent trouble or bringing pests. but always after a while they would have so much garbage around. now no one can park there so its not a problem anymore.  It's their humans waste along with the trash that's a problem. I agree.  The city spent a ton of money on those arenas.  We can't spend some on trash collection?  I'd like to help figure out the trash problem, bc so many hate on the homeless for that reason alone. You used the term "personal responsibility". Regardless of context or intent, those words tend to trigger people. Come to think of it, so does the word "trigger". Shit. Whether or not people are on drugs, if there's no place for them to deposit their trash or their human waste they'll leave it somewhere around them.  Some people may be more organized about it but it's all going into the environment somewhere. What motivation does someone have to conform to society's current definitions of clean and neat when said society has neglected their basic needs to the point where they are living in a tent in sub-freezing weather?  That’ll never happen.  You know where the garbage is, go get it 🙄 This is Reddit, not your late term paper for Poli Sci. Weird how 4 paragraphs can say so little. C- Yeah same. If you left, you should update your flair. bro I gotchu don’t need to be so discrete  It’s not like this in most of the rest of the country.  Link to that info, please? The same habits that get them to a point where they're living in a tent in the bushes. Not to sound trite but virtually everything we know abiut the earliest peoples is due to the trash that the threw around their "campsites." There are things called middens that are basically landfills and they are all approximately a casual throws' distance from where there is evidence of a campfire. Can you really call it "camping" if it's, ya know, not being done for leisure? What motivation does someone have to conform to society's current definitions of clean and neat when said society has neglected their basic needs to the point where they are living in a tent in sub-freezing weather?  It is illegal to dispose of large amounts of trash in city trash cans.  What should they do with it? A start would be to somehow provide these kind of people with trash and human waste collection services.  It isn't going to happen in the middle of a highway interchange though.

If there was a place where people could legit "camp" that had waste collection, drinking water, toilets, and some semblence of security I think a lot of this population would flock there. Just go and pick up the trash after your homeless buddies under the bridge. Can confirm that a dumpster put at the Ballard Locks for an encampment there went unused for a year while the hillside was trashed.  Apologists argued that the homeless never learned to throw garbage in a container.   Last I checked Seattle is spending many millionaire of dollars on homeless solutions and help. Doesn't seem like they're neglected. At some point people will have to admit there are consequences of bad decisions you make in life. Sometimes those people are screwed by society, sure. But most times they're people that have been abandoned by everyone in their lives after years of poor choices. I am currently personally dealing with it with my sister. She will be homeless soon.  Right, thank you for your insight on how open internet forums should be used. 

It's nice how a few sentences can state so much about how folks think technology "should be used" -- I'll be sure to continue to not stick to your format. I’m so confused what the point was.   Are you sure it isn't an issue of mental illness rather than "habits" that can be molded by sheer force of will?

People tried to make drug addiction a willpower issue too, and look where that got us. Same with sexual abstinence as a birth control method. Crying "habits" and "willlpower" seems frankly like a copout in situations that are fundamentally public healthcare crises and doing so as never helped anyone (even those not directly affected.) Sounds about right. The trash of the earliest people was largely biodegradable.   I mean, yes. Armies camp, caravans camp, vagrants camp. The definition of the word doesn't imply leisure.  Ok i will shit in your front yard. Dont tellme yo conform to societies view of toilets and sanitation! ***We*** should give them proper places to dispose of it that's convenient enough for them that they'll use it.  People tend to gravitate toward things that make them feel more human and accepted.  

Not to you specifically, but let's all stop trying to fight biology and human nature with rightousness.  No one wins that battle.

Yes, there are some severely mentally ill or drug adicted people that this doesn't apply to.  I get it. AKA campgrounds  For an area undergoing the kind of economic expansion some of Seattle has enjoyed, the money being spent is insufficient. The Seattle Times indicates that [shelters are running near or at capacity](https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/homeless/qa-with-project-homeless-are-homeless-shelter-beds-sitting-empty/)

Those who will refuse assistance no matter what do exist and they are the most visible of the homeless population. But they are far from representitive of the homeless crisis as a whole. Looking at the [2018 point in time homeless count report](http://allhomekc.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/FINALDRAFT-COUNTUSIN2018REPORT-5.25.18.pdf) on page 33 somewhere around 52% of people in Seattle are unhoused due to circumstances beyond their control.

To reach the non-addict/bad-choices number I've subtracted the "Alcohol or Drug Use, Mental Health Issues, Incarceration, Argument with Friend/Family member, Family/Friend Housing wouldn't let me stay, Decline to state and Other" categories from 100%. It's self reporting and you can pick multiple answers to the question, so it's not a perfect number. Some of those people are being counted multiple times in those responses and some of the self-reporting is people who deny their personal role in their situation. But the number is big enough that you can't deny that many people are unhoused due to circumstances beyond their control.

I'm sorry that your sister is going through a tough time. I've been through the same with my sister-in-law and heroin. It's hard, but know that not enabling her is the best thing you can do for her. She has no chance of recovery until she's hit rock bottom.

Using addicts as a scapegoat to deny human decency towards those who have fallen on unfortunate times is cold and uncaring. You will continue to be. That and being screwed over by their material conditions at birth. Like how a huge proportion of homeless people are LGBT and kicked out of their homes. We shouldn’t be dehumanizing them like many people on this sub do. 

Of course this sub isn’t going to change, it’s just going to downvote me for saying this like it always does. Are you sure you're in a sound state of mind? Yes and no. We're still finding it! You can wipe with your strawman! I agree.

If there's homeless, the minimum we should do is give them places to use the toilet, plus trash pick up. Do that ASAP. No, aka the tent cities that the Seattle NIMBYS keep driving out of existance.  How does this attitude help them in the long run? By saying for half the homeless population they're homeless due to reasons beyond their control, you then absolve them of any responsibility to get out of a bad situation. I think no matter what situation or hand you're dealt in life you can find a way out. To think that we are all born into the same situation with the same opportunities is stupid. We are all born differently, some more privileged and some not. This is how it always has been, and how it always will be. 

Why people become homeless or stay homeless is a nuanced and complex issue. I can say from personal experience with many homeless people it is often due to drug or alcohol addiction, mental illness stemming from said addictions, or just ineptitude at life. Many people are just terrible with finances, can't keep a job, or lazy. I think it is important to admit this about the homeless population and point the finger inward, not outward. Certainly there should be programs that help impoverished people, abused peoples, orphaned children, etc, but in the end it should be up to the individual to work hard to better themselves. I know people who make less than 20k a year and still live a normal life with no family support. They live in Seattle. It isn't that hard if you live responsibly.  I agree we should help take care of the homeless and not dehumanize them.  But homelessness is a problem of mutual responsibility - responsibility of taxpayers to help look after the homeless by funding services for them and responsibility of homeless to not degrade their surrounding area, i.e. don’t poop on the sidewalk, in the Trader Joe’s stairwell and don’t dispose of uncapped used heroin needles wherever they want.  I see both sides falling short of their responsibilities.  It’s possible to feel compassion for the homeless while still holding them accountable and saying “I feel for you, and will help you, but you gotta accept that help and stop your behavior that’s creating hazards for local homeowners ...” [removed] Even when there is a successful tent city, it gets shut down.  The problem still exists even if the NIMBY can't see it.  I believe it is only our duty to help them of they're willing to help themselves. Or we could give them homes because we have empty homes and can easily and relatively cheaply build more. Oh yeah, and because we’re not awful people and housing is a human right.  >homeless who is literally shitting on their doorsteps.

I suppose grammar wouldn’t be your high point, would it?

Also, yeah, no. They definitely don’t. There’s some truth to that I think. I would be willing to raise my property taxes to pay for this (free housing). And to volunteer to support them with literacy training, job hunting, whatever.  BUT only if accepting services is mandatory - i.e. if you’re living on the street and the cops / outreach workers need to move your camp, you MUST accept services that day, there and then, or you will be trespassed, driven to the edge of the city and released (except in really adverse weather).  And attendance of mental health support groups and substance abuse counseling would be mandatory.  I think a lot of taxpayers would support this - enforced mutual responsibility. Just wait - they definitely will :) That is granted you're not one of them who lives under the bridge. Mandatory government enforced relocation. That's worked really well in the past. Helps them concentrate on their situation, right?

These services sound pretty invasive as well. Would you be willing to undergo those same trials as a condition of your employment and housing? If not, why do you think it's OK to put up those gates for the less fortunate?

Not even addressing the fact there's no such thing as being "trespassed" from a municipal entity. I mean there are already tons of empty houses in Seattle than could be filled, but of course that’s unpopular because rich people totally need those empty houses that they don’t live in. But, even so, it’s cheaper to give them homes anyhow. Homeless people cost the city a bunch of money, and they’re dying on the streets and need medical and other services. 

There’s no reason not to provide guaranteed housing for them, and many reasons why it’s wrong not to.  Who’s talking about “mandatory govt enforced relo”?!?  Where did I say that?

What gates are you talking about?  It’s a deal - we’ll provide free housing, but you need to accept it.  There are preconditions to lots of other rights, why shouldn’t there be reasonable ones here?

I mean trespassed from the specific location they’re camping on.

Nobody’s advocating prison camps or genocide here.

What do you see as a solution that gets people off the streets in a humane way that helps them but also addresses the legit concerns of homeowners regarding the noise, trash and dangers that homeless create where they live on the street?  I am listening with an open mind ... I’m not rich and I don’t own any empty houses so why don’t you address me as opposed to some generic “rich people with empty houses”.  Besides, how would you go about using those empty houses to ensure the right to housing if the homeless while still protecting the rights of those rich owners of empty houses?

Yes, it’s deplorable that people are dying on the streets and I’d like to do more to help.  Just because I don’t want people pooping on the street and disposing of needles in unsafe places doesn’t mean I don’t emphasize with their situation or despair. I'm bummed at the lack of empathy most people here have, as shown by your downvotes. 
Housing is a human right, and in a just world, the obscene amount of wealth in this city would be redistributed in a humane way. But you can draw a straight line from manifest destiny to the solipsistic materialism that rules the world today, and selfless, sensible acts like giving housing to people in need probably don't fit anywhere along it.  Let's start with my solution, before getting into your comments. Trigger warning: Free-market capitalists

I believe that treating a [basic income and housing as a human right](http://inthesetimes.com/article/21051/universal_basic_income_money_primer) is the solution to these problems. When survival is not conditional on soul crushing menial employment that produces little except wealth consolidation, it [produces happiness, reduces useless shame and frees up people to achieve things beneficial for society](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/clear-organized-and-motivated/201508/would-basic-income-increase-national-happiness), even when those goals don't pay a living wage: art, social services, teaching, etc

&#x200B;

Now to address your other comments.

>BUT only if accepting services is mandatory - i.e. if you’re living on  the street and the cops / outreach workers need to move your camp, you  MUST accept services that day there and then, or you will be  trespassed, driven to the edge of the city and released

Literally there. I paraphrased to mandatory government enforced relocation, so there's the whole quote.

Driving people out of your backyard ("driven to the edge of the city" is the direct quote here) is not humane. 

[Somewhere around 52% of unhoused people are in the situation because of circumstances out of their control.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Seattle/comments/a3uxxc/going_for_a_walk_on_jose_rizal_bridge/ebayi23/) Lumping them all into the deserve-what-they-get-for-their-life-choices category may help you feel better about your stance. Quite frankly unless you're willing to undergo mandatory "literacy training, job hunting, whatever" to maintain your employment and housing then you're just looking to put up barriers to people you don't like becoming housed in the region.

&#x200B; The rights of those rich people wouldn’t be affected other than losing the right to hoard resources that other people need for no reason other than that they cheated others. I would support a universal basic income and universal healthcare.  I am deeply Liberal.

However I did not lump anybody into a “deserve-what-they-get-for-their-life-choices” category.  Please stop putting words in my mouth, thanks.

I’m not looking to punish anybody.  I just want homeless people to stop pooping on the street and stop disposing of trash wherever they want and stop disposing of needles unsafely.  That’s a reasonable request.  When I see homeless cleaning up and sweeping their areas, I thank them out loud with a smile. Sometimes I buy them a meal.

Part of the problem is that homeowners feel unheard.  Nobody acknowledges our legitimate distress over the impact of homelessness on us.  Instead we get shouted down or condescended to.  Yes, the distress of the homeless themselves is greater than that of homeowners, but that doesn’t make it OK to ignore our distress.

Imagine if you went to the ER with a badly sprained ankle but somebody with two broken legs kept telling you your pain didn’t matter just because his pain was greater and more urgent.  You might feel less empathy for him or less likely to help him because he refused to acknowledge your pain just because it was less than his. How would you propose getting back the properties from those rich people in a legal way that protects their rights?

Vancouver, BC has a tax on empty houses owned by foreigners to avoid the situation you’re angry at and I’d support such a tax here.  Would you?

And how would you handle the situation where a family buys house 2 to live in and is having trouble selling house 1 and paying two mortgages? I’m not advocating for doing this in our current political structure, as that’s almost impossible.

No, and that isn’t working very well at preventing people from owning empty houses.

I would want the economy to be planned and democratic, and as such the situation would never occur. 

 By “planned and democratic” you mean socialist?  Or do you mean a more socialist democracy like Canada (where the economy is certainly not planned)? Well I’m literally a communist, so... I appreciate the honesty and I appreciate the fact that you care deeply about others. I disagree strongly with your ideology but I can leave space for both our opinions.  However, I don’t think this discussion between us is emotionally healthy for me so I’m going to disengage with you. Best of luck. 