Should you give to panhandlers? We asked a priest, a rabbi, and an expert  Nope. I don’t give to panhandlers bc I don’t want to encourage it. We give to Mary’s place and the mission every December/January bc that’s where our money can do the most good. And of course I dump a shit ton of gloves and socks in the donation box every year when my sons preschool does a warm clothing drive I arrived in Seattle homeless, and rather destroyed from a bad relationship.   


NOT ONCE did I beg for a handout. There are plenty of resources to get on your feet, if you're willing. Years ago I was walking up to the U-District Safeway to buy some stuff.

A bum (which is what I call an obviously abled bodied guy begging for change) said to me: "hey man, can you spare some change?".

I responded: "sorry, I just gave all my spare change to a bum over there" . . . and I gestured towards the Ave. 

He became extremely belligerent and yelled at me "how dare you call me a bum!"

I responded "I didn't call you a bum. I told you that I already gave my spare change to a bum over there". 

He told me that he was going to kick my ass when I came back out of Safeway. I told him "Thanks for letting me know. I'll be sure to call the cops while I'm inside".  Give them cash, it goes straight to purchasing black tar. Give to charities. I knew people who worked at the DESC downtown and the residents of the "homeless" shelters/apartments go out during the day to collect money to feed their addictions. They already have a place to live.

I prefer to give food.

Almost all the people on the street have resources to get off the street however they have co-occurring disorders (mental illness + addiction) which is an overwhelming obstacle to conquer alone.    I kept toiletries in my car and would give them to people asking for help, but what they really appreciate is bottled water, gloves, and socks. I go to Costco, grab a couple packs of Kirkland Signature socks, and now I have a useful item to give to those who need it most. Highly recommend checking out the [Samaritan](https://www.samaritan.city/) app - it tells you the story of the person you walk by and any money you give through the beacon they wear goes to use at partner stores like Goodwill, Coleman Barbers, ORCA, and Outdoor Emporium.  I do if they're near a store. I offer to buy them water, soda, a sandwich, etc. I have yet to have any be anything but glad. I love the "Real Change," too, I buy those (if I've already bought one, they just get the cash). I just keep beers in my trunk and pass them out as needed. Sometimes I got a little meth I’ll smoke em up An expert on panhandling?

I will never give anything to a panhandler ever. 
[–]theRIAA -3 points 11 hours ago 
Labeling homeless people as villains. How productive.

For anyone that is still on the fence on if "all homeless people are heroin zombies that I should shun".. many homeless people here are not all single-male-drug-abusing-assholes, but families struggling to maintain housing.

60% of bankruptcies are due to medical bills > There are plenty of resources to get on your feet, if you're willing.

Would you be willing to describe which resources you found most useful? 

*Not asking for myself, just curious which ones help the most* Being homeless because you had a bad relationship, is not even close to as difficult to recover from as most reasons for homelessness.  Labeling homeless people as villains. How productive.
  
For anyone that is still on the fence on if "all homeless people are heroin zombies that I should shun".. many homeless people here are not all single-male-drug-abusing-assholes, but [families struggling to maintain housing](https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/homeless/are-most-homeless-people-living-outside-because-of-drug-abuse/).   
    
[60% of bankruptcies are due to medical bills](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/01/how-health-and-homelessness-are-connectedmedically/458871/) Socks are the highest in demand item at shelters and often the least donated Resources I Used:
 - Tent Cities
 - Snap
 - Bus Passes
 - Urban Rest Stop 
 - Library

 After I found work, I was able to rent a room within a month. 

Everything on this list was great except for the tent cities. Moving every three months and miscellaneous camp chores are pretty distracting. They're rife with petty politics as well.

  I wound up ninja camping under a bridge the first month of full time work. Bit rough, but doable. 



 There is a difference between homeless people and panhandlers. I regularly give to charities, especially those benefitting homeless youth. I have given homeless people (and panhandlers) clothes and food in person. I will never again give a panhandler money. I think most of them probably waste more of their scarce resources on tobacco and alcohol than on heroin.  I should drop off a couple multipacks at the shelters in Pioneer Square. Thank you for the response. Good to hear you were able to get back on your feet. 
 That would be greatly greatly appreciated. Shoes get worn out quickly, a lot of people have to take off their shoes (so they don’t get stolen) when the sleep so good warm socks are high high demand. Also imagine the fungus that breeds when not showering for long periods and wearing dirty socks 