Is it just me, or are a lot of the wealthy people moving to seattle condescending to the poor who are from here? I'm from seattle and grew up seeing drugs, guns, robberies but the people in the area at least had the standard respect for each other but now it seems with all the rich people moving here for Microsoft or amazon there's just a sense of superiority coming from a lot of people around. 


When I was a kid it wasn't uncommon to see someone doped out in an alley or the police chasing someone down the street, but it felt like  most people were on the same level of understanding with each other and even if the homeless guy was doped out in the alley, everyone still recognized him as a person whereas it feels like a lot of these rich people coming here see them as nothing more than just something in their way and something that stinks.

My whole life seattle has a been a grey, smelly, shit hole where you had to tiptoe around the needles if you didn't want to die, but it's been my home. 

If you can't imagine what it'd be like to be poor, please don't come here from somewhere else.

 > When I was a kid it wasn't uncommon to see someone doped out in an alley or the police chasing someone down the street... 

Where did you live? Because I grew up here as well and sure as hell didn't see what you saw.

&#x200B;

> My whole life seattle has a been a grey, smelly, shit hole where you had to tiptoe around the needles if you didn't want to die, but it's been my home. 

Wait... WTF? No. This is not accurate in the least. Stop making shit up. Maybe you grew up 10 miles outside of the city, but that doesn't describe Seattle at all. " If you can't imagine what it'd be like to be poor, please don't come here from somewhere else. "

&#x200B;

why? you have no more right to say who gets to live here than the natives who once inhabited this land. Just because your ancestors squandered their opportunities when they bogarted their way here doesnt mean you get to dictate who moves in. Guess what? You have just as much say in it as the natives did.......none. Yes. With high salaries come high taxes. People who pay a lot of taxes expect to see those taxes reflected in the streets they live on. Having to step over a passed out junkie that shit himself isn't what you want when you work your ass off. I've been told if I don't make 6 figures I shouldn't be allowed to live in Seattle. I'm sure it's not all people, but I miss people from Seattle not acting like their bank account number defined them. You make no sense. You call your home a gloomy shit hole and tell the “rich people” they suck? Is there anything positive going on in your life? How about, Seattle is one of the most beautiful cities, but like every major city in the US, has a fair bit of drugs. The rich people are the same no matter where they go, you’re just pissed because your not? You sound like you need to cheer up. I grew up with kids that had older siblings who were lost to the wind from the huge city wide heroine epidemic. It affected the whole city not just south seattle. I can remember pulling needles out my bike tires rolling down market street in ballard. Seattle had a certain respect for homeless people a while ago, it was a city of misfits not money, and that was really great. With the TEMPORARY money and prosperity boom the last couple years it has been nice to have less garbage and needles in the streets. More people are looking for help with drug addictions. However the culture has slowly died and turned into a tourists paradise. I dont need money to be happy, i just want my crap ford exploder and the mountains and the sound and the islands. I love this place for the enviroment. Get out of seattle and find the genuine washingtonians that still hold our culture near and dear, who know our history and most importantly love the enviroment surrounding them.  It's just you. 

> My whole life seattle has a been a grey, smelly, shit hole where you had to tiptoe around the needles if you didn't want to die

Uh you and I have apparently lived in two completely different cities i guess. [deleted] Call me crazy but I do tend to think I’m better than the drugged out loser or person commuting robbery. OP why do you have respect for people breaking laws?

You have a choice even if you’re poor, nobody is forcing you to rob that bank. I grew up poor can confirm it’s possible to not do drugs or rob anyone.

I find it funny that you’ve associated the poor with criminals. Perhaps it is YOU who should be the one rethinking how they view the poor. Grew up in Seattle for 20 years and I definitely saw it. The homeless people are nice if you give them a chance to speak, but these rich people coming in immediately give them the cold shoulder. I moved to Chicago and it’s so much worse here. I hope it changes soon because I miss that sense of community, no matter your income >I'm from seattle and grew up seeing drugs, guns, robberies  
>When I was a kid it wasn't uncommon to see someone doped out in an alley or the police chasing someone down the street  
>My whole life seattle has a been a grey, smelly, shit hole where you had to tiptoe around the needles if you didn't want to die  

You've been here for how long, saw all this shit, and didn't do anything about it?  Now it's an even bigger mess.  People are fed up with it.  New people move here, and say WTF?  How have you let it get so bad?  Why haven't you done anything?  You've become apathetic to the situation, which is abnormal.  The people moving here are normal. Nah...Seattle didn't go to shit until it started advertising for homeless tourists with it's nationally recognized benefits and free passes.  What hood did you grow up in that you saw these things regularly?  I lived in the Rainer Valley for 35 years and they were fairly rare. Seattle jumped the shark in the mid-late aughts, it’s not the same city we grew up in. It’s good that it’s marginally safer I suppose, but the whole city feels like a suburban strip mall to me. Like I’m wandering through a giant chipotle or something. I would think wealthy people are condescending in general. In the olden days wealthy Seattleites had humility and didn't flaunt their wealth or lord it over the little people quite so much. They very much are. As well, they expect all their trivial needs such as house cleaning, yard maintenance, child caring, dog walking and poop scooping, car washing, meal preparing and serving and butt wiping to be provided by the local population who are obviously too stupid to have amassed a fortune such as theirs. And for that I admonish you: do nothing for these people. Do not even acknowledge them with a glance or one meager ounce of your attention. Leave them to deal with the consequences of their own entitlement and massive appetite for consumption that all their riches and ignorance can buy. If you read other people's comments I've said I grew up around junkies, so my version of seattle (and tacoma when I'd stay there) is that.

Edit: Sorry for missing your other question. I lived in tophill for a bit, then everett on Broadway, Kirkland for a bit, then Spokane, now back in Kirkland for now. Probably the best response posted thus far. I’ve been in Seattle all of my life and I welcome the affluent folk. The grimey, hippie type has worn very thin and the fact that they believe that just because you were born here entitles you to live here, is frankly disgusting. If your wallet affords you to live in a suburb, live in the suburbs.  I know I have no say, but I'm half jokingly asking To not want crime and a dirty city is fine, that's what I'd want. But the idea that you're better than someone because of your job is completely disconnected from reality.  I'm not saying the rich people suck, I'm saying a lot of them seem to think they're superior just because of their wealth. 

I agree seattle is beautiful, but when a city has the amount of the kind of shit I've seen all my life it's hard to not consider it a shit hole imo If you have zero respect for these people and you are wealthy just leave the city. THIS! This this this x1000! The nature surrounding us is what makes this area truly great. Nothing is better than getting into the mountains and being able to take a deep breath of fresh mountain air. Sadly i've noticed an increase of people who dont respect nature in the past few years :( That's why I love Enumclaw  Anyone who ever used a public restroom in the market between 1970 and 2000 has had this experience  Grew up around junkies. That side of seattle is much different Maybe respect wasn't the right word, my fault, but there was what seemed to be a mutual understanding of each other. Acknowledging their humanity  In my experience many of the poor are criminals, definitely not all. To say poverty and crime have no correlation generally isn't correct and especially isn't where I'm from. 

You don't always have a choice when you're poor, if you've got a lot of kids, debts, whatever it may be and you have no food sometimes you gotta steal shit. 

My growing up was survival of the fittest, you or them. You did what you had to because there was nothing on the ebt and you had no money to get to the food bank.

I only respect some people who break the law. If you risk jail time to feed your family I absolutely respect that. It's unfortunate that's what it comes to, but the love for your family and the dedication is respectable.

I don't think I'm better than drug addicts because I was raised by and around drug addicts and know them simply as people who slipped up and kept doing addictive shit for too long. If I see someone on the street who I can tell does that shit I'm happy to get them some water and something to eat if I got the money. I've been broke, cold, dopesick, homeless, etc. My only feeling towards these people is a level of understanding. You answered it yourself. People come after experiencing nasty behavior from homeless people in other cities like Chicago. They simply learnt not interact with them.

How would they know that Seattle homeless people are different? Exactly. That's why I say what's good to every homeless person I see on the street, if they don't look too nasty I'll dap em up cause I imagine it'd suck to not only be homeless but ignored by most people around you I've been here all my life, but to get the guy out the alley you gotta call the cops. I don't know if you've dealt with seattle cops but they tend to not do their jobs, and I'm not tryna snitch. 

I've become apathetic towards it because it's what I grew up around and is what's normal for me. Normal is subjective. No, the people moving here are the problem.  I lived in tophill for a bit, then everett on Broadway, Kirkland for a bit, then Spokane, now back in Kirkland for now. Heh, that reminds me of how I describe living in Austin for a few years.

"It's like someone ordered a city out of a Pottery Barn catalog." Nah man it was the mid nineties when it happened. One of the first episodes of Seinfeld even talks about how everyone is moving to Seattle these days and that was way back when. Portland, however, got the same treatment in the mid 2000s. Maybe, but I've seen a rise of that attitude in seattle  How are the wealthy flaunting their wealth today in Seattle? This is exactly the problem with basing rents on area incomes.  Driving 30+ miles across the county for a minimum wage service job.  To find a rental you still can't afford.  Is going to make these poor little rich people have to wash their own cars. What are you even talking about? You have a problem with wealthy people paying others to do work? That’s how a society functions Reminds me of something my uncle once told me:

"big houses and nice cars look cool, but they ain't gonna protect you from human nature"

I really doubt every one of them has a superiority complex, but damn there's a lot. this at me or op? Enumclaw is so nice. I was just on kellys bute in 10 inchs of snow and finally felt like i was home after this long summer we had.  Just be nice to people? Like it’s not that hard to say “hey good morning” to someone. You’d be surprised at how many homeless people (even in nasty Chicago) appreciate it. Costs no money, very little time, but makes a difference They aren't for the most part. Many homeless people in seattle aren't getting the resources the city is spending money on, so they rob people. Happens on cap hill often  By existing, duh. Mostly by wearing patagonia everything. And that's exactly why society doesn't function. And to be clear, they aren't paying for 'work'. They pay for time, and as cheaply as they can get it, and usually to do the chore of maintaining something they can't be bothered to do themselves, because their 'time' is too valuable. Like take care of their kids. Man it’s really fucked up how casually you talk about robbing and assaulting people, because they were able to make a better life for themselves. It’s supporting your argument. One of my uncles used to live there. His backyard had about 7 acres of grass that lead to woods that went on for miles until you got to Crystal Mountain You really don’t spend much time downtown do you? Yes, some homeless are legitimately just homeless for financial reasons. However a LARGE majority of the ones I run into on the street are there for drug or mental health reasons. They’re not level headed. Some of them will rob you, some will act out just to get a reaction out of you, and some will just act irrationally.

Once you’ve been harassed enough it’s easier to just write them all off, for personal safety. Here lies the problem. Once you have said a pleasant hello to the homeless people, they will glue to you, asking for money, and sometimes even get scary. There's a good reason people have learnt not to acknowledge to their presence. Definitely not by existing. I'd say about 60% are fine, no problem. But that still leaves a lot to be arrogant about their wealth Yeah, I get equally upset going into Nordstrom. All rich people flaunting their wealth by actually buying stuff. 😤 What is your point? To be clear, they *are* paying for work - work takes time. I don't know what your perfect image of society is - everyone doing everything themselves? Have you never eaten at a restaurant? Or done pretty much anything in the city? The entire world is people paying other people to do stuff they don't have time, desire, or ability to do themselves.

&#x200B;

Any wealthy person should 100% be paying for someone else to mow their lawn or clean their house, because the opportunity cost of them doing it themselves would devalue them to the point that they are not super wealthy anymore.  I don't think that's what my uncle meant I think he more meant if you got money you need to be able to fight for it. Relax but don't get comfortable in a way I’ve spent plenty of time in downtown Seattle. My mom was even a chemical dependency counselor primarily dealing with homeless people. I was exposed to a lot as a child and even then I’ve never felt any malicious intent from them when I’ve said “good morning.” Obviously there are people who burn all there money on drugs, or who steal from stores when they’re hungry. But at the end of the day, they’re still people and they’re still struggling.
Like I mentioned, I’ve been in Chicago for the past couple of years where the way the homeless people are treated is much worse. I’ve seen bad. And I’ve seen enough to give the god damn man who had to sleep outside and get his breakfast from a trash can a fucking “good morning” The problem is that you think they are only after your money. If you say “sorry, don’t have anything” they’re not gonna keep bothering you. You’re talking about these people as if they’re a tribe of savages. They’re just down on their luck. I’ve been on this earth for 22 years of saying “hi” to homeless people, and not once have they ever “gotten scary.” Don’t quite know what you mean by that... Meh, different experiences will shape people differently then. I’ve been harassed and assaulted enough to just leave them alone, but it makes me happy to know not everyone has had the same experience. Cheers to you 