Homeless asked to leave camp after man is severely beaten near Seattle nightclub  The woman interviewed keeps using the word 'mistake' to describe beating someone in the head with a baseball bat. Which seems like a seriously awful disconnect from empathy and reality.

&#x200B; Jesus christ, I'm really fucking tired of this shit.  That particular encampment is a bit nerve-wracking. It's right on the NB Express on-ramp, so trash (and people) were starting to spill out to the ramp. It's mildly terrifying to have someone standing right on the edge of the narrow ramp as you're accelerating by to get up to freeway speed.

Also, I've seen numerous (3) people actually running across the express lanes right there, and one time there was a dead body laying in the road during the evening commute. I don't know if those are directly related to the camps nearby, but it seems likely. [deleted] Guy from an encampment caves in somebody's skull with a baseball bat (not clear whether victim was actually the one talking smack) and the headline and resulting story are focused primarily on how the encampment has to go. Seriously astonishing. Time for the demokratic republik of Seattle to get its shit together and realize that these encampments help no one. Start enforcing the damn laws! Ah outside the el corazon that explains things a bit. That area was starting to look real sketchy last time I was there. I wouldnt do much sight seeing around there that's for sure. Fun concert though. Sawant blames Amazon for the attack in 3...2...1... These camps are the result of two organizations that are trying to get all the funding from shelters, WHEEL and SHARE need to be defunded, the camps shut down, and shelters opened up for these people to go to for some real help. Cherry Cash. We have well over one million Americans being displaced by hurricanes, flooding and fire. This encampment stuff will only continue until people decide to deal with it. People move here because of the mild weather. It has always been so. There are just more people everywhere in general, so the problem gets bigger every year. Doesn't seem like a mistake to intentionally try to beat in someone's head with a baseball bat.... 

That being said - I'm glad they're cleaning up this area. It's been a problem for a long time and I've stopped going to shows at El Corazon because I no longer feel safe even going outside to smoke a cigarette in between sets. 

 From the way the story reads is the guy that got beat started mouthing off at the people in the encampment....why go poking at them and then be surprised you get your head caved in?  I know. Same You call it a mistake, I call it assault with a deadly weapon. But... the encampment has to go Reddit’s algorithm for what posts to show confuses me. You have 12 points and are showing as the lowest out of 4 posts. The current top post has 4 points. The post above you has 2 points. Is this Facebook? Where I only see what they want me to see? I was just there a few weeks ago and didn't see any homeless camp outside. There was some homeless people down the street but this encampment must have been really new. Sawant will probably blame the victim for encroaching on the assaulter's home. (While of course throwing in another jab at Amazon.) Share/wheel is super sketchy with how they manage and report their funds. [deleted] No argument whatsoever.  If posts are sorted by "best", less upvoted comments can appear above more highly upvoted comments:
[https://redditblog.com/2009/10/15/reddits-new-comment-sorting-system/](https://redditblog.com/2009/10/15/reddits-new-comment-sorting-system/) No, it’s definitely been there for months.  Yeah, I was there for the Amorphis show in September. Seemed to be pretty chill in the surrounding area.

It's amazing (and horrifying) how fast these camps sprout up and completely ruin an area. Everytime I went to a show there in the last year(if not longer), I would always see bums across the street. Not to assume all homeless partake, but the individuals that I saw at that particular camp were always doing some kind of drug. Smoking crack or meth, shooting up or even just smoking weed. I've met their two heads, and they are scammers to the core. The homeless have tried to out them but no one listens to the homeless. I wouldn't advise getting drunk and harassing homeless people. If that is how it went down dude deserves what he got.  I have a super hard time believing some guy in his tent woke and was like "Dude my life isn't shitty enough! I will go attack some random guy that hasn't said or done anything to me."  The homeless are marginalized and have been priced out of anything affordable in the city. This started when the great migration started so if you a transplant congrats you are part of the problem!  Finally don't go picking fights and you don't tend to get baseball bats across the dome. 