Just food for Dogs? https://www.justfoodfordogs.com/

I was walking to the bus from work and saw this and I thought this was dark joke but it's becoming more apparent that it's real. Is anyone else disturbed by this?

I mean there are people living in camps just a block away and children starving in Yemen.... Capitalism is a trip....  Thanks for the post, I've been looking for a new dog food.  This looks decent.

I think real dog question that needs to be answered is how many nicknames is bare minimum for a dog?  I say 6...my pup goes by Ghostboy, Ghosty, The funkster, bunky boy, The bunkster, Bunkerdeedledee,  There are infinite stupid ways people choose spend their wealth you could complain about. At least this is in the spirit of animal welfare and not just a status symbol. This isn't hurting anyone in any way, unlike many other things people spend money on.  People like you are sick. 99% of homeless Americans have more than enough food. They want hard drugs and/or alcohol. 

And I care more about my dog than I care about YOU, a stranger in Yemen and a homeless Seattle junkie COMBINED. Wake the fuck up. Life isn’t fair.  What's the problem?  That people care about the quality of food they're feeding their dogs? My dog is smart enough to not shoot heroin or smoke meth. I reward her with human grade meals.  Am I disturbed by the fact we live in a culture where someone can self-employ by starting a business to meet a need/desire?  No.  

I am more interested in how one can live in a city with very high dog ownership and not know this would be real.  Doggie services are a clear indicator of gentrification. 

Don't look into historical data on Seattle's success in vastly reducing the number of stray cats/dogs over the decades - you'll really lose your shit and give up.  In contrast to the growing street population, Seattle has had remarkable success in reducing stray cats/dogs - if only they could do that with people!

&#x200B; What are you doing to help the tent dwellers and folks in Yemen? Mine has so many that my friends all call her by different ones. Snackalope, Snackattack, Snackmouth, The Snackster, Snackpack, Trashdragon, Winkytime, Tiny Pies, Beans, Beepin', Little Beeps, etc. She is content with this.  Really,, I would MUCH rather see someone spending silly amounts of money making thier dog happy and healthy than paying for a 5 figure watch or a 4 figure outfit. Most homeless folks do manage to get enough food, but not always, they have plenty of nights they go hungry in any year.   


Most of them want someplace to live more than they want drugs or alcohol, but if you are't going to get a roof over your head a couple beers in your belly make getting through the night a lot easier. The level of destitution down the street in homeless encampments and the fact that children are starving to death in Yemen, and around the world, makes this seem a little obscene no? With tax it probably costs $3500 a year to feed a DOG that sort of food. It's a dog ffs. Forgive me for wanting to understand why we're heading this way as a society....  It's not about smarts. There are some brilliant addicts out there. Taking it to this level might seem stupid, but I spend a fair amount of money on food for my dogs and I've considered spending more for a quality raw diet to help keep them healthy and prolong their lives.  And I don't have the means of some people in this city. 

Do you donate all your extra money to Yemen?  Or do you buy stupid shit like cocktails and cigarettes? So, what are we to be allowed while homelessness exists in america and evil autocrats persecute their neighbors.  


You clearly think feed a dog high end food is not allowed, what about high end people food? What about cheap dog food?  How miserable and unhealthy do we have to make ourselves for you to withhold your scorn? I get what you're saying in terms of the excess and disparity of wealth.  Excess in all forms should be scrutinized, criticized, and even mocked.  

But your argument that dogs are somehow less deserving of things humans have seems...biblical.  Like we're better and more deserving than dumb animals.  Dogs are sentient beings too and in the next couple of centuries (assuming we survive climate change) we'll learn that they're pretty fucking smart.   https://www.thecut.com/2016/10/pets-are-not-children-so-stop-calling-them-that.html 

 Just stepping in here to mention that a cocktail and a cigarette can really be just the thing you need when shit gets really bad... Or good.. Wow, aggressive much? 

In fact I do donate to UNHCR and UNICEF on a monthly basis and have for years, so if you're trying to make me feel bad for pointing out some pretty gross marketing tactics to get us to spend more money on frivolous shit like being a "pet parent" and feeding your dog better food than what most kids get for lunch, it's not going to work. 

Also I do enjoy a cigarette and a drink every once and a while. I'm only human, so fucking sue me.  One glance at the homepage for "The Cut" tells me everything I need to know about that site.  The lead is "The sexiest puffercoat we've ever seen. (It's vegan leather).  

What an insufferable, holier-than-thou article. 

 For the record, I'm pro cocktail.  Not pro cigarettes, but I'm definitely all for people spending their money however the fuck they want to (after they contribute their share to the government).  

And I'm 100% here for people treating their dogs better. So if some rich folks want to pamper them with these meals, knock yourselves out. Amen.  K but spending $70 a week on dog food isn't insufferable or holier-than-thou. 

Spend your money however you want bud, go nuts. Might as well while the the world burns. 
 It may be fiscally irresponsible and inane, but at least it's not trying to be a gatekeeper of the notion of parenthood like they're doing anyone besides themselves a favor.   $3500/yr is a lot cheaper than rushing your sick dog to a 24x7 Emergency vet and having them keep your dog for a week while it recovers from melamine poisoning

&#x200B; 