Aggressive Homeless Guy in Cap Hill On my walk into work today At the intersection of Belmont and Bellevue a homeless guy from a new encampment was staring me down as I walked down the sidewalk. When I was about 20 feet away he began screaming profanities and digging through he back pack trying to pull an object with a handle out  from one of the pockets. 

This morning was cold and foggy. You couldn’t see more than 100 feet in any direction. Once the object was out of the bag I was able to see that it was a garden spade. The homeless man rapidly approached me, raging as if I’d threatened his livelihood. I decided to keep calm and not run. When he was about five feet away he asked me if I had a lighter. I told him I did not. He then turned away and began running up Belmont towards Roy. 

Be careful if you walk down Belmont to Eastlake. Is there anything we can do to get this man some help? I don’t mind walking past his tent, but I don’t want to worry about being threatened with a weapon on my walks to and from work.  Saw the same guy I think. He has a crowbar in his backpack, avoid him. I saw him chase a guy walking his dog because he thought the dog bit somebody. It seemed he was hallucinating pretty hard, and is very aggressive. Who needs coffee when you have a fight/flight response. If you are threatened or have reason to believe he may harm himself or someone else, call the police. (I have conflicting feelings on whether it warrants 911, but have been told if you aren't sure, trust that  it's the dispatchers' job to filter what is and isn't an emergency, not ours) Seattle police are, at least in theory and in some particular units, specifically trained to assess psychological states and refer to psych facilities if needed to keep the person and community safe.  >Aggressive Homeless Guy in Cap Hill

Well I for one am shocked! 911 would have been a good option at any point in this story. [deleted] Pretty sure I had an interaction with this guy around 9am today on the corner of Bellevue, Bellevue, and Bellevue (yes, I know, it's ridiculous). Anyway, the dude was walking very intensely and I thought he was going to accost me for money or cigarettes but he just asked to borrow a lighter, so I let him. I can understand why you felt threatened, the dude looked obviously unwell, dirty, and intense. But I run into these types all of the time, I don't think there is much if anything that we can do as individuals for these people besides treating them as fellow humans. It's a shitty situation. I don't carry any weapons for self defense, but I support people who do. It's important to remember that you're more likely to be attacked by a drunk rando at night than by a drunk/mentally ill homeless person. I think the key is to just treat them like normal people, have good boundaries, be confident, and don't show fear. If you act like prey, predators will see you as prey. That's really the only advice I have to give, and it's easier said than done. Safe travels, and thanks for looking out.  I moved to this neighborhood from Greenlake about a year ago. Noticed the frequency of issues like the one you experienced sky rocket during the hot months. For instance, late August, someone was high, took a swing at a cop and got tazed before hauled into a cop car and then put in an ambulance (very combative the whole time). Lots more yelling late at night too.

&#x200B;

Anyone who's been around a while notice seasonality, or are things getting that much worse? I’ve been here for 3 year and did a little bit of community service trying to fix the issue in Everett. It’s gotten worse over the past three years from my eyes. Other people I’ve known for the past three years have seen more homeless individuals, people tweeking, and more crimes (Ballard specifically). They’ve gotta start breaking up the places where the drugs are flowing to the population. There are so many RVs around homeless camps doling out the drugs.  Simply call the non-emergency Seattle PD line and inform them that a physically threatening man needs psychological care or to be taken into custody.  [deleted] Just part of the charm of living in a first class city.  ..and if he attacked you with that how would you defend yourself? Welcome to the big city. Carry mace or a gun if you feel unsafe.

>Is there anything we can do to get this man some help?

LOL a crazy person ran at you with an object that could easily cause you harm and you didn't even pick up your pace? what the fuck is wrong with you?  Thanks salty_quackers! I’m kind of on the right track and I didn’t even know it. I always carry pepper spray. I’m more afraid I’m going to use it unnecessarily because of lack of confidence than because I’m in real danger. But I guess that’s always debatable. Thanks again for the feedback Late reply: I used to walk and work from Cap hill to downtown everyday. Events like these were so common, I would never do it again. Those homeless people are just idk they are ready to start a physical fight with people, it's not safe and not worth it. Get a transport plan, stay safe. \> I don’t mind walking past his tent

&#x200B;

That's the beginning of all homeless related problems in Seattle. You get what you deserve. Enjoy it! Kinda looked a little like Bernard from Westworld?   You're talking closer north to eastlake? As south in Capitol Hill, they do not intersect. So, he asked you for a lighter? Uh oh People should arm themselves.  the true Seattle speedball Lol SPD doesn’t give a shit. A homeless guy who wasn’t all there had taken up camp in the entrance to my building. There was an officer across the street and he basically goes not my problem. Call and they say we’ll send someone. Never showed.  Washington State law allows you to take care of this yourself. Police will show up quickly for something like this but not fast enough to stop you from being beaten to death. 

SPD likely won't charge him with anything unless the guy has actually hit someone.  Ill keep this in mind. I didn’t want to screw this guys life up ever more than it already was. If there’s a chance he is taken into a rehab program then I’m more likely to dial it in. Thanks! Except it is a homeless person.  Unless they actually attacked you physically the cops are not going to do anything  The ambulance to pick up the lifeless corpse will get there much faster than police.  .45 [removed] I moved here two years ago from a rural area with little homelessness. Even so, everyone treated everyone like family or had some kind of support. Plenty of poverty, but most folks had somewhere safe and dry to lay their head. I definitely have a hard time reacting confidently in these situations and just try to avoid them at all costs. Would love even more pointers on this. Homelessness is such a complex issue, especially in Seattle. My fears come from not knowing how to approach it, understand it, or stand up for myself when someone is behaving aggressively. I probably give off all the right signals to indicate “fuck with that person!”  Sounds like the same guy and it’s the same timeframe. My encounter was much more hostile as he screamed profanity and tried to yank his rusty garden spade free prior to asking me for a lighter. 

I agree that they need to be treated like your neighbor, because they sure as hell have gone through more than most of this sub and are forever traumatized. A little bit of compassion goes a long way. I handed out sandwiches in Ballard one day and talked to a bunch of folks. All normal people who struck bad luck and ended up in a series of poor situations. Not everyone is raised by a 5 Star family. The sad part of that is the mass amount of paperwork that the cop now has to fill out for that interaction.  What is the number? Hahahahahaha, uh huh, that's going to work. Do you have any idea of the timeframe that they'd show up if you called the actual emergency line? Getting someone forced treatment for psychological issues isn't as easy as you think and you're also assuming that the guy isn't just a massive asshole. There are plenty of homeless people with worse issues who don't act out like that.  Was a white guy standing at 5’9” or 5’10” with dirty blonde hair Does he wear a big black jacket and a black sun hat?  tall, heavy set, doesn't wear underwear? i remember someone like that shadowboxing at me. bored and looking for a fight If you arent comfortable with guns, Taser makes 2 civilian models. The Pulse and the Bolt, both have a 15 ft range so you can get more stand off distance. They shock for 30 seconds so you can leave them on the ground and run off. If they aren't recovered after notifying the police, Taser will replace unit for free. They run about $400 which is a little bit cheaper than most pistols, but you don't need a permit and they are a lot less messy than OC spray. Seattle's a small city.  That being said, this type of stuff doesn't happen in equivalent areas in NYC or DC, two big cities.  Its a problem and should be addressed with more than just "carry a gun". 
 Having to kill or injure someone while you're out and about Seattle is fucking ridiculous. You don't have aggressive shit like that in other cities. You have it here because our leftist city council has destroyed the police ability to do much of anything.  Give him $40, a pry bar and a ride down to Summit or 3rd. I didn’t want to escalate this situation. Usually a good decision to avoid escalating when dealing with a distraught individual. No, was a white guy with dirty blonde hair standing around 5’9” [deleted] [removed] [deleted] Evidently zero people in this thread read about the Target incident.  Homeless folk have free reign.  The police are unsupported and the prosecution doesn’t enforce the law.   There are no grownups to call.  What’s more important? Having a potentially innocent person attacked and hurt because this guy has hallucinations or having the police get involved beforehand and potentially helping him or at least protecting others.  Carry pepper spray or a handgun and learn your rights. There's no rehab program for someone being an asshole.  [deleted] [deleted] Both.  Dehumanizing groups of people generally leads to mass conflict. ?
Letting someone borrow your lighter costs you nothing. I guess it enables smoking....? So what, they'll find a way to light their cigarette eventually anyway.

I don't give money or anything to strangers who ask. I don't think letting someone borrow a lighter for 2 seconds or treating them like a human being is enabling them or hurting anyone else. If anything, it makes people like that less likely to see the world as solely a dark and shitty place full of uncaring people. People who get that worldview really cemented in their mind are the types who end up being violent. If I were homeless and thought that all people had your mentality, you're damn right I would be robbing people at knife point. Why care about people who don't give a shit about you?  Yeah, I grew up in mostly surburban/rural settings, and it took me a while to adjust. A lot of it is practice. I think going out a lot during the daytime and dealing with these situations in safe, well-populated areas helps build confidence.


Another tip is to learn how to avoid eye contact on the approach, without seeming like you are doing so intentionally or like you are unaware of your surroundings. It's something you have to learn yourself over time, it's not really something you can effectively explain in a tutorial or whatever. I guess it's kind of like whenever you are walking down a busy street. You're aware of what's going on around you, but you're mostly looking ahead, or at things around you, not at the faces of people you walk by. I basically emulate that behavior, just in different contexts.  [removed] https://www.seattle.gov/police/about-us/contact-us
Contact Us - Police | seattle.gov

206-625-5011 is non emergency.

Even if he didn't harm you he may choose to harm others - or he could encounter someone who takes him as a serious threat and get himself hurt. It is the best for all parties. You'll be wasting your fucking time.  It doesn't matter. If the individual poses a threat, for example by brandishing spades and crowbars as mentioned by other redditors in this thread, police will take care of it. 

Nobody said anything about "forced treatment."

The law is the law. Homeless people are not exempt. 7'1 Mongolian baby with a peg leg and afro? Shaggy hair, mid 20's? Tasers dont always work, especially when drugs are involved  I think we need to strive for a society where none of us needs to carry a weapon.  Honestly, it is not too much to ask. Yes, just walking to work and having to kill or injure someone is fucking ridiculous. But someone being threatened or attacked by an armed and obviously violent transient is significantly more fucking ridiculous. I hope to god that I never find myself in that situation, but if ANY person came at me screaming and brandishing a weapon, I sure as shit wouldn't allow them to get within 20 feet of me, much less 5. Personally, I think it is critical for the citizens and the city to show compassion and offer real help to these people. I will be the first to admit I have no idea what the solution is, but I do know that expecting us to sacrifice our safety and allowing this type of aggressive and violent behavior is not it.  Having to defend yourself is fucking ridiculous  > this type of stuff doesn’t happen in equivalent areas in NYC or DC

It’s rare but it does happen. [In DC we just experienced the senseless killing of a woman jogger by a mentally ill man](https://www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/Woman-Stabbed-Near-Logan-Circle-in-NW-DC-493686641.html). She was jogging at night in an area considered to be very safe and the attack was unprovoked, so it has shocked everyone and has started a dialogue on self-defense. In this case the man who stabbed her had also likely smoked K2/Spice. Just a fyi, if you are carrying and involved in an actual altercation where you discharge your firearm.  Never shoot to wound >this type of stuff doesn't happen in equivalent areas in NYC or DC

Yes it does.

> Its a problem and should be addressed with more than just "carry a gun"

Well, it's not really being addressed, so do what you want with that information. I guess another option would be to never leave your home. > or DC,

when did that happen? 10-15 years ago, you could get shot at for being white in the wrong neighborhood > Its a problem and should be addressed with more than just "carry a gun".

I am astonished by the number of responses that suggest this as a solution to the violent homeless problem.  Fucking absurd. I've seen plenty of aggressive shit in Portland and Denver, and I'm guessing it happens elsewhere. It might be more prevalent here, I'm not sure how you'd quantify something like that, but to say that this kind of stuff doesn't happen elsewhere is absurd. >and a ride down to Summit or 3rd.

How about we give him a ride to the nearest Seattle city council member's residence? Let him pitch his tent on Kshama's doorstep and see how long it takes the police to enforce Seattle's anti-camping laws. running away wouldn't be "escalating".  deuce of lead beats an spade of spades. extended poker rules That escalated quickly. There are less dangerous methods of self defense than going around shooting people. Apparently the only person running against the County Prosecutor in the next election is vowing to do even less. Blows my mind. What planet do you live on? Or some shelter around the area, if they showed up at all.   Fantasizing? Encouraging other people to keep themselves safe is hardly that. Keep on enabling homelessness. We've been doing that for a long time here. How's that going? Problem bigger or smaller? Power fantasies in general. [removed] Bahahahaha, yeah the homeless are going to rise up and take over the city. Great argument bro. 

Great job on being part of the problem.  You'd quickly learn that if you wanted to be accepted as part of society, you need to pull your head out of your ass and join it.  You know you kind of give off the same aggressive "needs to be pepper sprayed" vibes as those mentally ill wackos. >  police will take care of it.

no they won't. nobody's willing to prosecute homeless, so why would the cops even show up?  Try calling the fucking non-emergency line. You don't even reliably get a fucking person answering. Is the answering machine going to fucking dispatch someone? 

Essentially you did. Calling police doesn't get someone voluntary care. Were the asshole with the weapon taking his meds, we wouldn't be having this fucking post. 

The police wouldn't be showing up any time soon. Go look up what happened at target if you think they drop anything and just show up for some asshole acting out.  I hear that. One of my buddies that used to be in law enforcement had a partner hit a guy with a Taser multiple times. Dude ended up getting shot about 14 times. Only reason he went down was because one round clipped his jugular. PCP is a hell of a drug. Yup and that’s why the police still care firearms.  Yes, be as long as they're have been people, there are always some out there wanting to do harm to others. The best you can do is have a way to keep yourself from being a victim, survive, and make it home to your family. Or dog in my case. Not too much to ask, but it would take a perfect world! Well, why don't you go around telling all the violent and unstable people that and give us the results? Start in the really bad areas of Seattle and work your way towards to the normal areas, we will be waiting! When - not if - the day comes that a civilian hurts an aggressive homeless person in self defense, that blood will be entirely on the hands of the city, state, and federal governments. They are putting everyday citizens in the position of having to defend themselves, and their failure to care for the mentally ill is, through omission, placing the people most in need of help into harm's way. it's DC, i was there last year and heard about a weapons incident on the metro basically every day Good advice. A lot of people recommend a triangle stance with two hands on a firearm because you'll probably be freaking out at the time and it will guarantee that you shoot relatively straight.  [deleted] The key statement is "equivalent areas in NYC or DC".  I would probably put Capitol Hill equivalent with the Adam's Morgan area, which I always felt safe walking to and from at all hours of the day.  Police presence was huge on Fri/Sat night and things were always kept tame. It's not to solve a homeless problem. It's a personal protection solution. 

It's only absurd if you read "carry self defense weapon" as "shoot homeless". Are we still doing phrasing? Not a bad idea... \+10 points for originality, never heard this before I promise the absolute last thing I'm concerned about is how dangerous my firearm is to some filthy subhuman that threatens the safety of me or my family. There is no better method.  so what? someone threatens you with a weapon, pick what's reasonable to stop the threat. doesn't have to be the least damaging thing I’m going home. If homie with a spade’s gotta get clipped for that to happen then so be it. 

Edit: Glad to see a few others are strapped walking in Seattle.  I'm curious if someone will run on a more "tough on crime" stance soon. People can't keep voting for the same prosecutor and expect change to happen.  That’s true in Snohomish County.  No one is running against the guy and he says right on his campaign website that he thinks incarceration is ineffective.  Last time I checked, a prosecutor doesn’t get to decide things like that so if that’s true then the best way for him to act on those beliefs is to not do his job at all.   I live on a planet where if someone is coming at me with aggression and a potential weapon in their hand, I treat them as hostile. I'm not going to attack them, but I will avoid any confrontation with them and if that means moving away from them, so be it.  

What fucking planet do you live on? Do you give them hugs, or do you move away? Do you have a survival instinct, or are you going to end up on the news? 

Your bullshit post is just that, it's bullshit. You would not approach or interact with a mentally unstable person with a weapon in their hand, no matter what you say. Calling the police is proper in this case, no matter what your failed opinion of them is.  Not the same one you live on I'm assuming.  [deleted] Your comment is stupid in general.  This is nothing more than hate speech. Words like this are no better than condemning slaves as 3/5 human. You are full of hate and it should not be tolerated on this sub or anywhere on Reddit. Farewell troll. Many of these people who have been shunned by society for all or much of their lives don't want to be part of society. At least not the society you know and appreciate. They don't want to join in. They want relief from pain. That pain is generally inflicted by the situation they were born into and the choices they made along the way. But society shunning these people just adds to that pain, and makes it even less likely that they will conform to your societal standards. Building resentment and jealousy isnt a good way to get people to be compliant with what you want.


People from other countries, young children and babies, many of the elderly, people with dementia or other neurological disorders like schizophrenia, addicts, all of these types of people often don't comply with societal standards. Do you teach a child proper behavior by rejecting, ignoring, or expressing resentment for them when they are a detriment to your household? Do you treat any of these people as sub-human, or worth less than yourself, due to their deficiency in agency and thus predisposition for societally unacceptable behavior? If you do, that's fucked up, aside from being a really ineffective strategy if your goal is to get them to assimilate to societal standards. I don't see why the homeless should be treated differently, since most of them are unwell and were born with the deck stacked against them genetically or socio-economically. I'm not saying that society should fuck ourselves over in an effort to help all of these people lacking agency. Boundaries. But spending 10 seconds to let a guy light his cigarette and exchange saying "Have a nice day" with him only made me 10 seconds later to work, makes me feel better, and probably makes him feel better too. It just seems obvious to me that it was the right thing to do. 

I know I'm not going to change your mind. But maybe someone else will read this and think about it.  these 'people' do not want to be part of society, so why placate them Some bag of shit threatening regular good people could use some pepper spray. Better that than wait until that scumbag hurts someone.  You sound like more of an asshole to me than this homeless person who potentially just needs the proper attention and care. 

Mental health afflictions can be treated.
Drug addictions can be treated.

Being an asshole cannot be treated.

You are simply an asshole.

Good day. Now imagine you are a 4'9 100lb jogger who just tased a drugged out attacker and the shock did literally nothing.   The blood won't be *entirely* on the government's hands. The homeless aren't children; they bear at least some responsibility for their own actions. [deleted] If you feel threatened enough to actually use your firearm, then you already have justified the use of lethal force, otherwise you would not be resorting to firing.  Shooting to wound or incapacitate is something that not even the police do.  The target is much smaller, leaving a greater risk to anyone else in proximity, and if the threat is real enough, it may not even save you.  In WA, you also need to make sure you do not shoot someone in the back.   I'm not on planet Entitlement in the Cozy Bubble sector. No, the problem here is getting way bigger. Two years ago, 19% of the homeless had lived here for less than a year. Last year? 11%. The compounded rate of growth is 1/3 new homeless in 2 years. The problem is growing because whiney leftist dipshits pander to these people.  [deleted] It's not hate speech. They are literally out of their minds on drugs.  See you bro The problem is neither approach works. Dehumanizing them doesn't help at all but after decades of compassion here the problem is worse.  They don't want to join in, so don't waste money enabling their heroin use. Your just proved my point for me. Thank you. 
 This ^^  
  
I feel for all the homeless and I do think we as a society have a responsibility to try and help them, but whether it comes to mental illness or addiction or whatever *you are still the driver of your own body* and while there may be factors influencing your behavior that have spiraled beyond your control, it doesn't 100% absolve you of responsibility.  The failures of government are happening long before a citizen needs to defend themselves on the street. Carrying personal protection - which in the city's current state is a good idea in my opinion - is just addressing the symptom, not the cause. [deleted] Fearing for your safety counts as entitlement? I would love to know how you came to a conclusion like that.  [deleted] No, I don't and your post is nothing but a troll. Perhaps you should spend more time reading instead of posting.  There's a difference between compassion and enabling.  Yeah, don't throw money at them, use compassion for humanity instead. Based on your comment history, it seems like you have money but little compassion, so you just don't give anything. That's too bad.  There is no defined amount you have to "be threatened" before you are allowed to use lethal force.  It is 100% up to the individual as to whether or not they feel that their life or the life of another is being threatened.  As you said, you will have to justify your actions in court most likely, however if it was a obvious case of self defense, that wont occur.  

I never said it should be your first resort.  All of my comments have been under the impression that you have already established that you have exhausted other routes and that you already fear for your life.  [removed] No, it would not. Go talk to some of these people and see WHY they've moved here. They're above the law for everything under a violent felony because the dipshit socialists here have created an environment that supports their choices, bud.

Time to drop your leftist, emotionally formed, whiny opinions and use your brain.  Nah, he's just a troll who hyperfocuses on a claim that runaway homelessness is unstoppable and Seattle wants it to continue. [deleted] Hey man that's a real cool straw man you built. Does he have a name? Or should I make one up since you seem to like putting words in my mouth? 
  
What else are people supposed to do? If the police are incompetent and overly aggressive that's a different issue. Doesn't change the fact that people shouldn't have to endure being harassed and potentially attacked by homeless people.  Scared vs reporting someone who is threatening people with a weapon... Hmmm. You don't get it. I'm pretty damn liberal, but people like you are what the far right points at as a problem, and boy are you a problem. There are people who need help via compassion, and there are those that need legal intervention. That guy, no matter his story or how he got there, needs legal intervention.  [deleted] When that "reasonable standard" is met, there is not even a case or charges against the person who fired in self defense.  When there is a question regarding the necessity of killing a person, that is when you have to defend your claims that you felt your life or the life of another was in danger.  Even in your comment, you still leave the "reasonable person" up for interpretation as that is not defined either. 

You are not adding anything to my comment other than compounding on semantics that are completely irrelevant.   You gonna do something about it? Show those homeless people who's boss! You're the boss! Bahahahaha, in other words, you have a whiny, emotion based opinion and when someone points out that the viewpoint of people like you isn't working then you throw a hissy fit and run away.  > When there is a question regarding the necessity of killing a person, that is when you have to defend your claims that you felt your life or the life of another was in danger.

[Like this guy](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2018/07/23/stand-your-ground-no-charges-florida-man-parking-lot-shooting/817755002/)?      
     
> You are not adding anything to my comment other than compounding on semantics that are completely irrelevant.     
     
Funny, I feel the same way about you on just about every comment you make. Wat  TIL walking calmly away from a pointless conversation = hissy fit. What does a stand your ground law in Florida have to do with WA state? I realize that you are once again surfing my post history, but you should at least check which sub you are in before replying.  Being potentially attacked is hard. I shouldn't be making fun of you. Are you potentially attacked a lot? It must be devastating. That struggle is real.
 [removed] I get what you're doing. But why? I mean really, from one human to another, what is wrong with people not wanting to be attacked or aggressively accosted by mentally ill homeless people? I'm not talking about being asked for change or a cigarette. Being chased by a crazy guy with a spade, crowbar, or anything else is unsettling to put it mildly and you're saying we should just be cool with it? Are you being purposefully obtuse or are you so hard left that you honestly believe we should just pretend we're walking into Mad Max when we go outside and prepare accordingly?  
  
I'm not saying "fuck the homeless" or that we shouldn't help them. I think you and I would probably agree on quite a bit if you would drop the shitty attitude. I'm just saying that in order to do that, we shouldn't neglect the people around them as well. You know, the ones who *pay* for all we do to try and help the homeless.  Because a similar law means it must be exactly the same right?  It is still completely irrelevant to my comment, but thanks for adding your unwelcome opinion once again.  Even the police will tell you never shoot to wound. If you are in a situation where you feel lethal force is justified, then you shoot to kill not to incapacitate. The aftermath of that decision are not something i was even commenting on.  So once again, thank you for demonstrating your inability to read what has been posted before sharing your ignorant opinion on the matter and once again injecting completely irrelevant bullshit into the discussion.

Sure Cosmo, the least you could do is not name all your accounts after the same anime.  Then when you are stalking someone who has your main account blocked it is not so obvious, not to mention it being a violation of the reddit ToS.  

You truly are one pathetic individual  I dunno. Is "accosted" the same as "potentially attacked"?

I ask because I've honestly never had to face such adversity. Do I have permission to retell this story? You know, for others going through this.

Stay strong.
 [removed] Lol what a fucking lunatic you are. Do you apply the same standards for other cases as well? Can I threaten and aggressively approach women on the streets and have you back me up like this? How about if I march up and down the street with hateful symbolism with a crowbar? Would you defend my "accosting" so?

It truly fills me with warm and fuzzy to know that people like you will bend over backward and disregard any standard for a degenerate like me : ) I didn't say it was. Are you really so intent on arguing in bad faith? Legitimately, *what is your fucking deal?*  
  
And people wonder how we ended up with Trump.  
  
Just because an encounter doesn't result in physical harm doesn't mean it's de facto okay you fucking twat.  Except it is not the same law, it is just a variation of a stand your ground law.... 

How does that scenario have any relevance when I already said that after you make the decision to fire you may have to justify that decision in court? 

It is not my fault that you once again decided to jump into a conversation without reading prior comments.  Seems to be a frequent occurrence with you.  Perhaps that is why I have labeled your opinion ignorant and unwanted.  

Nothing about this conversation had anything to do with whether or not a shooting was justified.  In fact my original comment was just  if you have decided to use lethal force, which mean using your gun, then do not aim to wound... then you showed up with some ignorant bullshit about a specific case in Florida lmfao 

Sure Cosmo, will see what the admins have to say I couldn't agree more. Why would you think differently?

If the police can't put down these dirty homeless peasants from aggressively approaching our women then it's up to us!

We NEED these little cogs in our war machine like you to get to work, safe from being aggressively approached. We NEED weapons to kill these foreign peasants from from above, safe from aggressive approach, else they ALSO shall come for our women.

Thank you for your service.  