Seattle Council candidate ends campaign over 'threats of sexual violence' and 'racism'  He works for a group that denies evolution and wants to bring reason and common sense to Seattle politics.  I won't excuse threats and attacks on his family. They should be simply attacking this guy's absurd ideas.

He wrote a 17 page manifesto which cites inaccurate statistics and spins a tall tale of the liberal revolutionist agenda.   


He even cites claims that we spend 1 Billion/year on homelessness from a report which tries to claim Property (200 Million+)  as a year over year expense rather than a fixed asset. 

&#x200B;

Tons of similar fuckery to be found.

You don't need a take a financial management course to understand that equipment depreciates over it's useful life and property doesn't need to be repurchased each year. Furthermore he attacks non-profits like DESC for accepting government contracts to provide social services...meanwhile DESC is a highly effective, financially healthy and well run organization with a massive impact - all on an administrative cost ratio of 11%.  That's a stellar operation.

&#x200B;

" As I delved into the story, I discovered that the real battle isn’t being waged in the tents, under the bridges, or in the corridors of City Hall. Rather, there’s a deeper, ideological war that’s currently being won by a loose alliance of four major power centers: the socialist revolutionaries, the compassion brigades, the homeless-industrial complex, and the addiction evangelists. Together, these four groups have framed the political debate, diverted hundreds of millions of dollars towards favored projects, and recruited a large phalanx of well-intentioned voters who have bought into the “politics of unlimited compassion.” " Pg 2 [https://chrisforseattle.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/Homelessness-Report.pdf](https://chrisforseattle.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/Homelessness-Report.pdf)

&#x200B;

He's not running a campaign of ideas. He's running an agenda counter to every strategy we know works. Threats are inexcusable. Attacks on a person’s family are inexcusable. Attacks on person’s politics are definitely fair game. I am sure his campaign of ideas would have had tons of fodder for the later. I bet he would have complained about those too. Shame on the the people who attacked his family, but good riddance to this conservative think tank robot and his gaslighting.  "Discovery" "Institute" is a blight on our city, the fact that the city hasn't shut it down disproves his entire complaint. He has written numerous times about his affiliation with Discovery, incl on Reddit. They hired him for homelessness research only and he doesn't believe in intelligent design at all. He says he has traveled to 70+ countries making docs and met people with all sorts of weird religious beliefs.  I agree that any discussion of "Intelligent Design" is absurd.  I'm not entirely sure our current homeless strategy is working, though.  If you just look at Bellevue, for example, you have "non-profit" groups like CFH, systematically drowning out voices of residents during council meetings so they can secure they funding.  Specifically, CFH has been known to book several hours of speaking time, normally reserved for citizens, as a block.  Nobody else got to talk, only this "non profit" did.

"Non profits" can pay out big salaries to the leaders.  There's big money for the founders in non profits.  It is, absolutely, about the money.

You also have NIMBYism to the extreme.  Specifically, if you look at the more downtown neighborhoods in Bellevue, they specifically wrote homeless shelters out of their plan, while at the same time, people on those councils are very happy to signal their virtue by "supporting" a low barrier men's homeless shelter anywhere but their neighborhood.  And these are the literal people who helped draft the homeless-less plan for their neighborhoods!  Hypocrtical to the extreme. > He's not running a campaign of ideas. He's running an agenda counter to every strategy we know works.

Then why are people threatening his family?  Why do you think he's "gaslighting"? Discovery is silly, since they support "intelligent design".  However, his complaint is about terroristic threats against his family.  That has nothing to do with the city shutting Discovery down.

On another note, under what authority would Seattle shut down Discovery?  Seems like a major violation of free speech.  I'm against teaching ID in school, but, I'm also against violating the constitution.

I would love to shut down CFH on the east side, but I don't think that would be legal :( I want to hear more about what you're envisioning. My comment stands.  Please see my first sentence in the post. Because they arent liberal. His group wants to replace the public school science curriculum with religious indoctrination disguised as "intelligent design". Their mission statement is to gas light the public.  However I cannot identify what anyone actually said that threatened his family.
Telling him to get bent is about as threatning as telling him to get stuffed.
Unless he identifies with turkeys I guess. Everything one of their reps states can usually boil down to "someone was mean on the internet but we need to make it sound like we're the victims of something much worse." Seattle has ways of shutting down things we don't like that make it legal, we have a lot of corporate lawyers who specialize in such things.

It's amazing how easy it is to legally shut down a business, the best tactic I've seen employed is jacking up the rent for the space to unreasonable amounts so they can't pay the bills. You do you Interesting, I did not realize he denied evolution, or at least his group did.  In that case, I agree he's a bad candidate - of course, threatening violence should be out of bounds. Sure, but Discovery is in the business of Ideas, granted some of them are silly.  It's much harder to shut down ideas without infringing on the 1st amendment.

But that is a nice idea.  I hope that, one day, Bellevue can employ similar tacticts to shut down the soon-to-come low barrier men's shelter.  It'll probably be put right next to preschools and single family homes, which will give ample political ammo to shut down under some, seattle-esque, pretext.  Nice! He works for a group that denies evolution and wants to bring reason and common sense to Seattle politics.  

You haven't refuted this statement.  He wrote about it on Reddit -- chx the reddit profile for ChrisforSeattle No, Discovery is in the business of lying and pushing to have creationism taught as science. It's legal for the same reason acupuncture is legal, people are stupid. I agree "Intelligent Design" is stupid.  I said as much.  I think their ideas on reducing "investment" into "non-profits" for the homeless "crisis" are much more reasonable, however.

Ultimately, they are legal because of free speech.  As long as you're not infringing on someone else's rights, you are allowed to say it.  The 1st amendment applies even to people you disagree with.  That's the whole point. So they want to save the city a few hundred dollars a year but removing a thousand meals from people who need food. That's the smartest thing I ever heard!

We should also remove most of the money the city spends on roads too, that $500 a year could go a long way to paying for another fucking church organization or woo peddler. I'm definitely against funding church organizations.  CFH are outright thugs and criminals, in my opinion.  On the other hand, Seattle has become a beacon for homeless people, because of all the services offered, and lax law enforcement.  Not all cities allow tent cities to pop up wherever they damn well please.  Not all cities enforce parking laws only on tax paying citizens, but let "homeless" people who happen to live in a vehicle for some sort part where every they please. DI is a church organization. Yeah, I don't support them. All of their ideas, the ones they are pushing into the government, are to benefit them. Keeping people poor, suffering, and ignorant is how DI profits. Not sure about all that, at least, any more so than most church organizations.  CFH is terrible too.

What's the point though?

I think we should not fund them with tax funds. but, we should also not take away their 1st amendment rights.  We shouldn't allow them to drown out voices of residents at council meetings, at CFH has done. That is how all religions profit, by creating suffering and keeping people ignorant. When we flourish people believe that bullshit less and less. Sure, so sounds like you are in favor of banning all religion and related organizations.  I too wish they'd go away, but I don't think we can do it given our constitution. Yeah, the irony being all the wasted funds are ones we give to religious "charities" instead of secular ones. In some sense, I prefer secular "charities", but they can be just as bad, in terms of huge salaries for the "founders".  And in some sense, all homeless related charities have an incentive to keep homeless people around - either by keeping them homeless or attracting homeless from outside to come to the area for the free stuff.  That keeps the public funds coming their way. On this, your experience would be required to make such an assertion. How many homeless shelters have you lived in and for how long?

I have lived in many over a decade of time about 12 years ago. Most of the shelter staff and higher ups want to help.

While there are those who prefer profits over people, they are rare. > I have lived in many over a decade of time about 12 years ago.

Then, and I mean no offense by this, you are a prime example of the system's failure.  If they succeeded, you'd have a job and permanent housing.  You wouldn't bounce into, and out of, the system over a period of a decade.  it does sound like that period ended 12 years ago, so sounds like you were eventually "cured".  What changed in those 10 years?

My claim that charities may want to keep people homeless to bolster their "customer base" is about as well supported as your claim that religious organizations want to keep people stupid. Failure? I have a home now, I was going through a very rough time that I knew I could not keep a home back then. Had I gotten an apartment back then I would have lost it because I was simply not responsible enough.

The shelter helped me learn about money, helped me learn to manage my life, and helped me learn to get help instead of trying to do everything on my own (without the whole god bullshit). Some people simply cannot live a "normal" life, because of our history.

The shelter staff earned just over minimum wage, and the upper management of the program took me to dinner, coffee, etc. just to talk to me and get to know my problems. They paid for those themselves as it was not official, it was because I was a minority in a shelter that had a lot of people.

Most of their upper management (at that time) had been homeless themselves, many grew up homeless. They apartment building they created had top class amenities, it was their replacements when they retired that fucked it all up.

The replacements were supplied by the city, and guess what these people did? They sold off our laundry facilities for profits, rand the organization into debt, and take forever to address repairs needed in the building. Guess what the fun part of all this is: the city loves the new staff.

It's the city that's the problem, not the shelters. Shelters will always be needed, at the very least they keep the junkies and drunks off the streets so the rest of us don't have to deal with them.

But we need the city to stop fucking the whole thing up and making profits an incentive for more funds. Yes, that's how they do it, the city gives more funding to the portions of the system that don't spend money on the poor, salaries don't count at all.

That is how religion operates as well, same with all kinds of woo, suffering makes people more malleable.  >  salaries don't count at all.

Maybe that's the problem.  They should count "salaries" of the higher ups at these tax funded charities.  I also think they should ban tent cities, and enforce parking regulations - assuming they have room in shelters for these people.  The hard thing is, if Seattle actually "takes care" of the homeless people, and other cities don't, how do we know homeless from other cities won't come (or be sent) to Seattle? They are being sent here, and the worst part is that we have no way to fight against that. More shelter space should lead to fewer tent cities, but we have some nut who has never been homeless who keeps lobbying the city to put funding into tent cities instead of shelters.

She who shall not be named organized WHEEL and SHARE for the sole purpose of keeping people suffering so she has a cause to fight. Yeah, it's not always religion to blame but that's a different subject.

SHARE/WHEEL fights against shelters, yet people die in these tent cities all the time and they just spin the stories to make themselves blameless. She who shall not be named needs to be shut down, she gets money from the city just for having lunch with random people who are homeless, where she just convinces them that a tent city is better than a shelter. Instead of having staff, she keeps all the money she gets for herself. 