Google employees in Seattle, Kirkland walk out over treatment of women at workplace  What the hell is up with these nasty ass comments in this thread? Do the right thing Google. Were any of them in non tech business related positions? If they don’t want to work I’ll gladly take their place. Allegations are the new "Guilty" No Matter What. If you don't like arbitration, you shouldn't have signed your Employment Agreement. Arbitration is the Standard everywhere now. Has been for a long time too. But, isn't most Harassment done by Co-Workers anyways? It figures that some of these "Protesters" are Harassers too. They're protesting themselves. If you believe that an allegation is just as good as guilty. Say that if it happens to you. Helping an authoritarian government censor news is still cool right?

&#x200B; What's wrong with this company? Are they full of perverts and dont handle sexual harassment cases like all big companies in the industry?  Tech dorks are a plague K  I thought everybody there were South Asian men. 
It's the toxic mix of rapey 'male-feminists' and the demented "everyone wants to rape me!" feminists that's the cause of your problems. Such a shame the tech world went south because of corruption. What a surprise, a bunch of smug 20 something in hoodies think they are above the law. Wait till mid month when the top 3 are accused of election meddling.  This sub has attracted a large amount of trolls because nobody gets banned for being a troll. They don't live in Seattle, they just hate "the libs" so they complain about anything liberal here. They hate women, non-whites, educated people, scientists, democrats, government employees, gun control, regulation, taxes, teachers, bike lanes, exercise, vegetables, solar panels, etc etc. They usually post in T_D, Conservative, and KotakuInAction. Some of the dedicated ones have accounts they use exclusively for Seattle and that one other sub about a city in the PNW.

You can install [this great chrome addon](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/reddit-pro-tools/bngghjoiddeibhdpmljndljejnoihkej?hl=en-US) to help you immediately identify these people, but it doesn't catch them all. /r/seattle hes been unreadable over the comments for some time. [deleted] A Spike Lee Joint Tens and tens of sexual harassment allegations are not just guilty no matter what, people want proper investigation and investigation.

What im interested in understanding is if Google handled such cases differently than other big companies? Shut up and make me another coffee. First corrupt industry ever.  Leave it to those smug 20 year olds to start corruption in corporations. What law(s) were broken? Do you happen to know of anything similar for  mobile? So that's an add on to filter out opinions that don't line up with your own? It keeps your bubble secure even in a space that's meant for discussion of different views? That is truly awful.  I'm not from Seattle but have been living here for about two years. If you can't at least admit this place has extremely massive issues then you really need to move to a different city and see how things are supposed to be run. 

I'm tired of this whole "libs rule fuck Donald Trump!" mentality that you guys have here when your city is crumbling in every sort of aspect imaginable. It's hard for me to accept your position of superiority when just about every single tax funded program is a complete fucking mess right now. I really hope Seattle isn't considered a good example of a liberal society.  But reads and comments. Fuck if I know dude Extra virgin latte coming up Says the guy who sits in front of a screen 15+ hours a day to make sure I get my toilet paper and condoms delivered on time.

At least baristas get laid. LoL [removed] It's astounding to be downvoted for this.

You consider these people your enemies, but you want to ignore what they have to say? 

I don't have a vivid enough imagination to think I have enemies, but if I did I'd want to know what they were thinking/saying/doing. 
 No, its a filter for trolls. There is a difference, which has become increasingly blurred, between a differing opinion and a hostile one. I could approach you and call you names and start an argument, obsessing over small inaccuracies and driving you crazy. that is hostile, and that is what most of these people participate in. for some reason, people think this is 'debate' and youll even find similar behavior all over youtube, titled 'debate.' but we know its not.

differing opinions are more like questions and respect. if theres no respect, theres no discussion. so when you come in here talking about a bubble, conveniently ignoring all mention of hostility in the post you respond to, i know what you're doing.

if you want to actually discuss something with someone, respect them. if you want to make them angry and fuck with them, attack them. this is a clear decision and its easy to tell what someone is doing. people with the labels from the chrome addon participate in subs that encourage the latter behavior, and discourage the former. Seattle has its share of problems especially the city council but compared to the historic disgrace that is the Trump administration things are going pretty dandy I must say. I've lived here for 20+ years. If you think this city is "crumbling" then you are objectively a moron. If it were "crumbling" then we wouldn't have one of the hottest real estate markets in the world. If it were "crumbling" we wouldn't have thousands of people moving here every year, and new companies setting up offices here every year.

Why the fuck are you even in this sub? You don't live here, you are ignorant about what's going on here, and you hate people who live in Seattle. What's your fucking deal? Lol. I grew up in the southeast (Atlanta area). Seattle/Puget Sound is doing it right. Many of us have out of region experience  Fuck Donald Trump and any dumbfuck unamerican snatchmaggot who still supports him.
 [deleted] [deleted] You're first comment was pretty close minded, but this...this I liked.

Love,

Tech dork Well played! Hey we get laid too ... Thank god for Asian girls.  So rude to paint with the broad brush to condemn an entire group of people, regardless of your personal biases. The subreddits labeled encourage hostile arguing and taunting, which you may have heard of, its called trolling. it is not constructive, respectful, or really anything positive. It used to be clever and funny, but somewhere in the last decade it was redefined to mean 'to endlessly argue and bully, aggressively'. In the old days, trolling used to be "why do they call it the xbox 360? because u walk up to it and turn 360 degrees and walk away" but now trolling is "im gonna make 10 new reddit accounts and start arguments in liberal city subs to trigger the libs LOL join me deplorables!!!!!!!! LMAO SNOWFLAKES"

You can still read the comments. But when you are scrolling fast, it makes it easy to see one individual creating a problem. They reappear in a big chain, often multi-quoting someone and being hostile towards anyone and everyone. Of course, some people will join in and defend the troll. But once you install the addon, you'll realize that everyone who defends the trolls are also trolls. They all come from the same place. Its a group activity. And if Reddit won't ban them for it, the least you can do is downvote literally everyone with the tag, because why not? [deleted] NYC also has a right to housing law. The city is legally required to provide housing to everyone who lacks it, regardless of ability to pay, every day of the year.

Pretty sure everyone complaining about "the homeless problem" would lose their shit if Seattle did that. I could but all it does is return Orange Man Bad and contributes nothing lie to yourself all you want, happy endings dont count! [removed] Hey, the person was just talking about the market being "hot." Which it is - that's reality. I wouldn't say they were "bragging," but even if they were, you're saying that they deserve to be hated for that? That's quite extreme and toxic.

&#x200B;

What's more is that you seem like you're trying to promote compassion towards homeless people (which is great), but you're doing it by not being compassionate towards others (not great).

&#x200B;

I always find it more productive to have a conversation, rather than making remarks that someone deserves to be hated. Think of the people on the other end of comments. I'm refuting the fuckwit who thinks Seattle is "crumbling". How you got from that to an attack on the homeless population is beyond me. "You can't brag about your city doing well when you're also getting the burden of a national problem that cannot be solved locally, and have other cities exporting the problem to you" Well that's just like your opinion maan. Yeah, but that's not what I'm talking about. It's so easy to demonize other groups of people.

The mechanism in your brain that indulges in prejudice is the same for everyone. It's a crime when it's used to disenfranchise vulnerable groups, but it's the same mechanism regardless of which group you're stigmatising. 

Seems like something you would be privy too, as you seem pretty proactive, and otherwise have a strong sense of what is just. [deleted] But when companies with the power of Facebook and Google start actively trying to shape public opinion by altering their algorithms to promote certain views...we end up with problems.  You thinking that homelessness isn't a problem rooted in national level issues just reveals that you don't know what the fuck you're talking about.  

Your ignorance isn't as good as other peoples expertise, shut the fuck up. Agreed. Oh the magabomber types want the media silenced because of conspiracies. Yikes  [deleted] [removed] Jesus you're a goddamn idiot.  

The homelessness problem doesn't *come from here* other fucking cities ship their goddamn homeless to here.  this is something that people have known SINCE BEFORE I FUCKING MOVED HERE.

I fucking grew up in iowa and lived there for 26 fucking years and I knew that places like Phoenix and Salt Lake City were known for fucking bussing their homeless to Seattle and Portland.

 Magabombers dont understand the role of facebook in the modern media. Yikes.  [deleted] UNKNOWN?! this is  fucking documented in the goddamn news 

https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2017/dec/20/bussed-out-america-moves-homeless-people-country-study

https://shiftwa.org/cities-buying-one-way-tickets-to-seattle-for-their-own-homeless/

https://www.king5.com/article/news/city-of-denver-giving-homeless-people-one-way-bus-tickets-out-of-town/387563108

as the Guardian points out **this has been going on for three decades**

> And i am the "goddamn idiot"?

Yes, you're a goddamn moron.  maybe next time before you try to be sarcastic and disbelieving about something you better fucking check if it is a well documented fact.

I bet you don't believe in global warming.  Or that the sun rises in the east either.



 