Dog friendly offices in Seattle Hey Seattle! I'm considering relocating back to the US after living in Asia for 11 years. I've always loved Seattle so this is high on my place to move. While doing some preliminary job searching, I've noticed a common perk here is offering job friendly offices. I'd love to work for a company like this! Does anybody work for, or know any companies, that allow you to bring your pup with you to work?  From googling, here's a list I've compiled so far:  

Amazon

Rover

Trupanion

Mud Bay

Remote Medical International

Ticketmaster

Flyhomes

Avvo

Xealth

&#x200B;

I'm sure there must be some other really cool small to medium sized companies that also offer this benefit. Or please share your experiences if you work at any of the above companies!

I'll purposely not mention the industry or position I'm seeking so this list can be useful for the most number of people possible. 

Thanks in advance! Obviously this sub is full of complainers looking to hijack your thread and bitch about what most people would just call living in a city. Don't listen to them, Seattle is an amazing place to live and work.

That being said, I can say Trupanion is the most dog friendly office I have ever seen or heard of. They will go out of their way to let dogs (and humans) feel welcome there, even if you have a shy or reactive dog that needs a spot out of the way. If you dog is outgoing expect him to make a lot of new friends. Dog walkers every day for free, indoor dog play rooms, free dog insurance. It really is an amazing place to work for a pet lover. Office dogs are a nice benefit but frankly a minor detail for a career choice. That list above has some excellent companies and some real duds w toxic culture, which makes a far bigger difference than some dogs in the office.

Also, as others have said, if you’ve been away from Seattle for a while, it’s changed a lot in the twenty years I have worked downtown and not for the better - high cost of living, traffic, crime, homelessness. drug abuse, street disorder, inept government and entitled tech bros. The weather is the same though. :) You will be greatly disappointed.  Seattle is not what it was 2 years ago let alone 11.  Realself in Pioneer Square  Karat is a small startup that allows dogs in the office! Are you qualified for any of these companies? You can't just walk in and say "I like dogs!" Even receptionists have competition.  Hey, thanks! Yeah, this thread seems to have gotten off topic real quick. 

That's cool to hear about Trupanion... I'll definitely look into them more.  In what ways?

&#x200B; Thanks! Thanks! Really? Are you sure about that? What if I just walk in, sit down at a desk and pretend I've been working there for years.  Born and raised here.  It IS different, but it’s in the middle of the extremes mentioned by others. It has changed a lot. I'd visit for a week before committing to moving.  In every way, the people are rude, the traffic is horrible, cost of living is extraordinary, the city is dirty and gross. I don't live there but I live in the state and travel there frequently for work. I used to love Seattle.  Now I can barely handle being there for a day. “I don’t live there” uh huh. Yeah don’t listen to this guy. He lives in a small town hours away from Seattle. A city is “gross” to him because he saw a homeless guy once. That's a shame. Do you mind if I ask where you live and what makes it better (besides the obvious points you just listed)? I assume you say these silly things because you are the kind of ignorant Eastern Washington flag wagger and/or religiois wacko that Seattle isn't trying to impress. Please stay in your shitty town and fix whatever is wrong with your economy or yourself that makes you need to work in a place you hate. Thanks.  I've lived here for 7 years, he's spot on. This year is the first I've had to walk while looking at my feet just to avoid syringes. I've lived in big cities and small. I've lived in this state for over 40 years probably twice as long as you've been alive. And believe it or not there are homeless where I live as well. All you are doing with your shitty Seattle attitude is proving me right.  I live in eastern Washington in a very small town. Low cost of living,  no traffic, etc.. the tech companies have sadly destroyed the Seattle area.  I would assume by your comment you haven't lived in the area long and are highly uneducated,  more than likely a tech job transplant that has brought there shitty ideals to our great state. If you enjoy living in filth and in a city that's on the verge of becoming a socialist haven like most of California have at it. That's not what Seattle was 10 yrs ago and is not what our state is or should stand for because people leave their shitty states and situations along to bring their crap with them. I've lived here for 20+ years and imo he's sort of correct.  Traffic was always bad but lately it's terrible.  It's always been expensive but from what I understand (since I don't rent), rents are brutal.  People aren't much different- polite but reserved as always.  The biggest difference is the public presence of homelessness and the litter that comes with it.  The city's no longer as clean as it used to be and that really sucks.  However there are a lot more choices for food.   I can totally see that. What about living in an area just outside of Seattle though, like Tukwila for example?  

I've spent the last 11 years in cities with populations of 8 million to 23 million, so not quite ready for total rural seclusion yet ;) So you are tired of people more intelligent than you moving here, too bad. The economic burden this puts on you is your fault and your punishment is living in a backwards and ignorant town in Eastern Washington.  Tukwila's always been pretty different from Seattle.  I don't want to shit on it but it wouldn't be my first choice of surrounding cities.  I can't honestly answer that. I work all around the area and to me it's all changed and not for the best. I'm sure there are others on here that can comment on where the best/cheaper pla c es to live are. But you definitely don't want to be far from work if you can help it. The cummutes are brutal.  Once again your ignorance is shining though. Just because I live in Eastern Washington does not mean I'm un-educated. In fact I have a master's degree in engineering so try again. Your second statement makes absolutely no sense, I would challenge you to come to an eaten Washington, make a statement like that and find out how "backwards" we are. I live here to stay away from close minded simpletons as yourself that feel the world revolves around you. Interesting, it's something I'll definitely consider. Thanks for sharing.  Except I didn't say educated I said intelligent. Your reading comprehension is terrible. I have been there many times and I like everything except the backwards and ignorant people. Too many flag waggers and religious wackos.  Just hate to see you move back and be utterly disappointed.  Might be a good idea to visit for a bit first if you can. I live and work in Seattle and my commute is just fine. Much better than it was when I lived in Portland.   Hey guys, this post is about dog friendly offices. Go have a street fight over who is more ignorant somewhere else. How about you help defend the city from the savages across the mountains? These people drink folgers for fuck sake.  haha, fair enough. fwiw I agree with you and thank you for defending the city. This sub has become almost unreadable due to people like /u/imperial-wood bitching about everything under the sun while not even living here. I live in Miami and can’t relate to any of this, but holy shit I’m getting a kick out of it!  