‘It really feels like a tipping point.’ North Seattle on edge after shooting of homeless man  According to the article, the shooter (Davis) had extensive interaction with him before. In an incident over the summer, he had his window broken by the homeless man (Alberto) and according to the police

> Davis told an acquaintance that ‘I might have to take extreme action against them in order to protect myself,’

And police warned him multiple times not to confront, but call 911 instead. Then just three months before the shooting this happens...


> Davis called 911 to report “a black male trespassing on his property” and threatening him. Police say Davis told the 911 dispatcher to catch the man or else he’d have to confront him himself; later, he called police to report he was following the man. Police said Davis told the dispatcher that he had “a gun in his fanny pack and it won’t be good for the susp (suspect) if he comes back.”

This guy was looking for any reason to shoot him. And then three months later he did... 


> Davis claimed he feared for his life and acted in self-defense after Alberto threatened him with a knife, according to police documents. A small knife was found near Alberto’s body.

> But surveillance footage showed that Alberto had walked away from Davis’ car, then turned “as if something suddenly called his attention to the car,” police documents say. “Alberto then walked over to the passenger door of Davis’ car, only to be shot immediately,” the documents say.

Now he's in jail charged with 2nd degree murder.  Homless man recently attempted to brawl with a local coworker in Lake City. 

He approached a local officer, and said something to the effect of "arrest this guy, he is trying to fight people" 

To which the officer responded that there was nothing he could do, and proceeded to discreetly inform my friend that if he had large tools at his disposal that might be a good defense.

Sticky situation. Said one member of the community, "Things have gotten so bad for the homeless community here that some of us have even considered looking for jobs!" All badasses carry their guns in their fanny packs. The damn government put these two individuals into this situation, they are just as responsible for this outcome... He’s lowkey got that cute Seattle grunge look going on tho Not condoning what this guys did but it seems very sad to me that this may have been avoided if the police had done more to resolve this situation.

Also I just want to add I had a confrontation with an individual tonight who made a move like they were going to approach my car...with my wife and kids inside. Now, I don’t own a gun and I wouldn’t expect to ever have to use one anyways but you never know what people are capable of doing. I’m not saying Davis wasn’t looking to kill this guy, I don’t know his inner intentions. But let’s not completely discount the fact they he may have actually feared for his life. Maybe 90% he didn’t and was looking for an excuse but we can’t just ignore the fact that he was approached by someone with a knife.

But in any case the real kicker for me was he called 911 a few times. Would have been a much better solution for all had the police done more imo. I’m in Lake City and no homeless person ever bothered me and I’ve been walking through a group of homeless for years. They need help and I feel bad for them.  haha tell me this is real I know a few who do. Mostly military guys who don’t want to wear a holster.  My step dad does! I think it’s pretty common actually.  No, many reasonable people are put into difficult situations without resorting to murder I agree but it's also important is that the police couldn't do more because they have their hands tied. The Seattle government actively works against them and they are understaffed because no one wants to work for a place that won't allow them to do their job.

People need to understand that while the shooter may very well be in in the wrong, this is a symptom of the city and county refusing to clean up the streets. It's simply going to encourage vigilantism. If I am in my car and I am in a confrontation with someone and they lunge at me, especially from the passenger side, and I was afraid I would pound the accelerator not the trigger. 

 Yeah I feel sorry for the shooter in this case. It sounds like the transient has a history of aggressive behavior towards him and the police just didn’t want to get involved at all.  Yes, but obviously not all the time.  I just didn't know people still wore fanny packs and were expected to be taken seriously.  Reasonable people thrust into unreasonable circumstances

edit: Before people take my statement out of context, I am not condoning murder, this guy needs to be punished to the full extent of the law.

But again people make choices that they don't normally make when their backs are against the wall.

You may not kill the offender but you may do something else you normally won't do. Being from the East Coast I couldn't agree more. It's like everyone around here is completely apathetic to all the problems that plague this city because they are afraid of being labeled as the "asshole." That kind of shit works in grade school but this is the real world, sometimes you have to be tough to get things accomplished. Sitting back and letting people do whatever they feel like because you don't wanna step on toes isn't gonna fix anything. This city has so much damn money, is so ahead of the game and is in such a beautiful place. It's not some old run down dangerous place like Baltimore or Philly. I don't know why the city can't do just a little bit to improve things for people on both sides. Doing nothing helps no one.  Easy for you to say, I honked at a piece of shit addict when he was blocking the street on 7th, he ran at my car when I was at the next stop light and threatened and cursed at me, told me to come out and fight him. I tried to deescalate the situation, then he kicked my car. I would have shot him then and there if I had a gun. One way to be taken seriously with a fanny pack is to put a gun in it I suppose.  They usually take the stance that if something is stupid and it works, it’s not stupid. Very practical, not very fashionable.  The government made these two tangle?

Baloney. These two made these two tangle.  And you would have been arrested for aggravated assault with a firearm if he lived, murder 2 if he died. Getting your car kicked is not a sufficient threat to respond to with deadly force. There are a lot of people in prison who thought they had a self defense case. If I see someone with a fanny pack I just assume it's a gun. Is that what I said or are you reading someone else's comments?

I'll humor you anyway...

Let's say someone kidnapped you and another fella then threw you guys in a pit. They say to you, only one of you may come out alive or you both die.

Who's responsible for you, the other guy, or both of you dying?

I sound anti-government, but in reality I'm very much pro-government. I am also however very much anti-stupid.

I can tell you all the smart people are sitting on a beach somewhere and not in government.

edits: grammar He was clearly threatening me with physical harm, damaged my property and it would only take me to open my door and him physically attacking me like he did my car for a sufficient defense. You said the government put them in that situation. 

Your example is weak. 

 The prosecutor would ask why you opened your door, and why you didn’t just drive away. If you couldn’t drive away, and he opened your door and started punching you in the head, *then* you could use deadly force. Don’t become another inmate who didn’t understand self defense laws as well as he thought he did. Read Massad Ayoob’s book *In The Gravest Extreme*. Says the person who couldn't give a proper rebuttal...

If you can't make the distinction between the government putting them into this situation and them making the choice to confront each other, then stfu & stfd. I don't think it's that simple. Unless somehow the prosecutor is a bleeding heart for a piece of shit addict that's the scum of society and there were literally no witness in the middle of downtown Seattle at that moment, I had every right to defend my property and once his hands/legs are physically dealting me bodily harm, I believe it's fair game and a strong case for lethal response.

  


I don't get how any sane prosecutor would say I was in the wrong for defending myself and my property when he literally chase a block after me when I was at a red light. See Hitchens razor.  A couple years ago the situation you describe occurred almost exactly as you imagined in Olympia. A young hooligan was crossing the street in a crosswalk and a car was stopped waiting for him to cross the intersection. The hooligan was being an ass and taking a long time, the driver honked. The hooligan and the driver began yelling at each other and the hooligan began to menace the car and the man with his skateboard. The driver pulled his firearm and shot the hooligan through the passenger side window. The driver was charged with a crime because he could have just driven away. 

https://komonews.com/news/local/police-olympia-skateboarder-shot-twice-after-argument-with-motorists

Just move on. If you can disengage and dont you are at fault to. You are encased in metal and glass and are foolish to be afraid on someone who is wildly gesticulating when all you have to do is move on. 
 Always love that excuse... Unfortunately one guy actually died and another is going to jail because the government/city is failing to resolve the homeless situation.

Try again...

Or are you asking me to prove the city is failing to resolve homelessness? What rock are you living under? I get your point but people like that deserved to get shot. I don't start my day to work looking to shoot people, but I should have the right to defend myself and my property if they start some shit. The premise of drive away is bullshit when my property was already damaged. Homelessness does not lead to assholes shooting people.  

As evidence by your posting the city is clearly not doing enough to manage the asshole problem it has. 

As a conservative aren't you supposed to believe in small government and personal responsibility?

Oh wait, that's only when its convenient for you.  Buddy, we’re trying to keep you out of prison here. And it looks like your mentality is going to put you there regardless if you ever end up owning a gun. You are not the arbiter of who “deserves” to get shot in the world. Does someone like that deserve to get shot? In my opinion, yes, they are bringing it on themselves with their behavior. But that doesn’t make it legal to shoot them. You need to understand the difference between your emotional opinions and the law. Please just have a look at the book I suggested. I hope you aren't a cop or a judge. 

 Bums receive what they deserve by the misery they live. 

No one is flawless. You probably do something that someone else thinks is worthy of a bullet. Doesnt mean you actually deserve it though.  Did I say that or are you putting words in my mouth again?

Did I say we should let the killer go free? 

I believe in common sense, not trumped up labels. Look pal, I read the article, the idiot that got shot only made gesture at the driver. The shit stain that threatened me DID damaged my car ($1600 in repair) and was in the process of opening my door to assault me. The light at the time was also red. It was a pretty clear case for self defense with how he chose to chase me down, not sure why you keep ignoring this part. Christ you are hopeless.  OK, so he’s trying to open your door, which is presumably locked. What would think you should have done at that point? Unlock your door, open it, and shoot him? 