My favorite news anchor said this tonight and I love him even more for it. Didn’t even know he had ADD “So the other day at work our 4pm anchor Heather Holmes came over to my desk and said in a breathless voice:

“Frank did you know that your keys are in the refrigerator?”

She was dumbfounded by my response.

I said:
“Yes.  I left them next to my sandwich so I don’t forget to take it home.”

She said:
“So you left them there on purpose?”

I said:
“Yes.  That way I’m guaranteed to remember my sandwich because I won’t be able to start my car.”

She said why don’t you just put a post it note on your desk.

I said:
“Because I have A.D.D. and I’ll still forget.
I need something that is fool proof. 

I wish you could have seen her face.
She looked at me like I was crazy.

I don’t get it.
Seriously who doesn’t leave their keys in the refrigerator?  
It makes perfect sense to me.
Haha.”


Yes Frank Somerville!!!  Thank you! I’m always leaving things in my fridge at work and couldn’t figure out a good way to remember. 💡 now I have one!😁 Where’s he news anchor for?Sounds like a great guy lol  I put stuff in front of my front door so I have to move it to get out, although sometimes I forget to put it there in between getting the thing and thinking "I need to remember not to forget that" This actually makes me so happy. Silly little habits that ensure you don’t forget unite us. I will often lay piles of folders or papers on the floor between me and my office door to remind me to take it somewhere (upstairs, to the mail room, wherever). Inevitably a visitor will come in, scoop it all up, and hand it to me, "helpfully." Lol. Lol, the best is finishing work, locking up, walking all the way to your car and then remembering your sandwich...because you don't have your keys either! My wife puts my wallet on top of my lunch in the fridge every morning.  THAT WAS FRANK?!? Omg, he’s my favorite too. i read all this in his voice when i didnt know it was him LOL 

Thats tight  That’s such a good tool. Need to use that.

I usually set an alarm 30 mins before I get off work with “GRAB YOUR DINNER FROM THE FRIDGE” written in the details. It helps. Especially since I write is as I’m putting my food in the fridge.  The refrigerator is one of the many places I look when I've lost something because it's not uncommon that's where I'll find it I love this guy 😂😂😂 Tip that works for me is to peg things in memory instead of something I need to notice.

Basically imagine my sandwich being jammed in my door handles of my car, for example.  

I also would imagine the sand which exploding in the fridge.  That said, that tends to only work when you know you are looking for the item. Michael baying that stuff always seems to work.  

The pegging idea tends to work even better with multiple links to remembering to get the sandwich. When you use imagery, you want to use all your senses. That being said, nothing like things being foolproof.  I would have tupperware pile up at work. I'd put it in the freezer so the remaining food scraps wouldn't start to smell. Only way to remember was putting 5he keys in the freezer for "take the dishes home" day. Nice to know I'm not the only one.  Lots of great tips in here - any advice for leaving keys in the front door? I get distracted when I walk in the house.  That's an old, sound-man trick for remembering to plug the noisy refrigerator that you unplugged back in. It works, as long as you don't forget where you put your keys. I leave mine on my wallet and routinely put them on top of stuff I need to remember...

&#x200B;

I've never intentionally put them in the fridge though I actually tied my keys to my work badge so I wouldn’t forget it the other day.  Worked great. Frank Somerville is the best! His brother is a family friend.  That's awesome! I have watched this guy for years! What a great story.  I have a clip on my keys so I can hook them to my belt loop on my pants (learned to do this after locking my infant in the car 13 years ago). 

Now I can clip my keys to whatever I don’t want to forget. Even stuff that I don’t need to take with me but can’t forget to do before leaving the house. 

That co-worker of Frank’s would think I’m totally bonkers if she were to find my keys clipped to the bag of cat good. 😂  That's everyone's response. "make a list. Write a note."

9 times out of 10, I will forget to check the list/note.  Heh. I work at one of the stations Frank Somerville used to work at and I also employ the technique of leaving my keys in the refrigerator.

Carrying on the tradition. I always love the "why don't you leave yourself a note?" Yeah, like I'll remember to read the damn thing. Do you know nothing about me? I never thought of this My man!! This is actually a great idea!! That's a smart idea actually... Yes!! I thought it was just me and my mum that did this. It works very well when I visit her and she wants to send food home with me also. Fuck, I've left half a cheesesteak in my work fridge for an entire week now.... This is so awesome. It’s so empowering to read things like this from successful people we look up to. And it’ll make it easier for the next person, and the next person.. :)  I love him! I had no idea he had ADD, and I love how open and (pardon my pun) frank he was about this tactic. I do this all the time, I don’t care what anyone thinks, it works for me and that’s what matters! 😂 Some people will NEVER understand the logic some of use, and that's OK. I just wish that they wouldn't expect US to do things their way.  nice. post its work for me, but i literally place them on my keys or directly on my purse in my drawer at work (my little place to keep personal belongings) so that when i go to grab my stuff at the end of the day i HAVE to read the note & by default, remember whatever is on the note. This is a great trick, unless you get side-tracked with a hallway conversation on the way to the kitchen, and 10 minutes later end up back at your desk with keys in hand... and out of time to try again or you'll be late to a meeting. 

Source: personal experience... too many of them 😂 I have so many questions. How did she know they were his keys? Did she take them and walk around the parking lot trying to open cars, then search the one that opened and read its registration? Does it just have a keychain on it that says Frank? Is Frank the only one at the station who drives a certain brand of car? Did he leave a sign in the fridge that said "Frank's Sandwich, do not eat. Also, don't touch my keys." Why is he taking a sandwich home? People bring sandwiches TO work, not home. Do they have a deli at the news station? Was there a news segment on making your own sandwiches and he made two so he had to take one with him? Why not just eat it tomorrow at work? Was he not going to work for the next few days? What does he do if he has to take more than one thing home? Do they both go in the fridge? What if it won't fit in the fridge? Does he lock it in something else with his keys and leave the keys to that in the fridge? Or does he just put it in the trunk of the car right then and there so he won't forget? But how would he remember to get it out of the trunk when he got home?

WE NEED TO KNOW THESE THINGS, FRANK!

Someone get this station's best investigative journalist and have them follow Frank around for a week. I would so do this too, except my work gets locked immediately after I leave and I don't have a key.  my mom did that once and then spent an hour looking for her keys because she didn't remember that she had purposely left them in the fridge. fun times. Yep. Been there. I have an important hard drive that I need at home and at work; I hook it up behind the display and balance my car keys on it! Essential. Driven from Distraction (or was it Delivered from Distraction) talks about how Bob Lobel , a sports news anchor in Boston who I grew up watching, has ADD and he attributes some of his great adlibs to it :) I've watched KTVU for so long. I think I've seen his entire career at the station.... Omg this might actually change my life, thank you Nice. Looking out for your future self! I love this! Thank you for sharing...I work with a therapist who is constantly reminding me that I'm a visual processor, and how important it is that I use visual cues like these. If you don't leave the cardboard toilet paper rolls on the kitchen counter, how else will you remember that you need to buy toilet paper? :) Lmao this is so funny

I've never left them in the fridge, but I've left my keys on top of all sorts of things I can't leave at work lol haven't heard of that before...but then, this would only work if you were someplace you knew no one would lift your keys I put my keys on stuff I want to bring with me to work the next day.  There’s also an old trick for filmmakers when shooting at a home with a loud refrigerator:

When you unplug the fridge, you leave your keys in there, so you don’t forget to plug the fridge back in. My Dad with ADHD taught me this his son with ADHD, who now has two more sons with ADHD. It works every time.  I like hte story, but are you sure its ok for you to post his name, and the name of the other anchor in public like this?

there is a big difference between being out among family, out among coworkers, and out in public.  we (reddit) might be getting the guy in trouble, because the public has a poor enough understanding of ADD, and their reaction to a public figure having it mgiht not be that great. [removed] "Alright, who's the asshole that ate my sandwich and stole my fucking car?"  Aw, I wish I could steal this too, but I take public transpo, so leaving my keys in the fridge would just mean I’m locked out _and_ hungry when I get home.  I'd probably just forget I put them there then spend 30 minutes at the end of the day looking for them lol KTVU Fox 2! I actually am not a fan of the station but he’s amazing and my favorite anchor of all the local stations. 



He’s very interactive with his fans and makes an effort to broadcast positive stories online and just seems like such an awesome person My solution is to put things *in* my shoes.  I do that and still leave without it sometimes! Arrrrgh. I usually put it RIGHT in front of the front door, and then as soon as I need to leave, I look at the bag and think "the fuck is that doing there" and kick it out of the way.

I think this is what family life does - shit is constantly left strewn all over the place, so I'm that used to moving things out the way I forget that I actually need it 😂 I do a similar thing. Put things at the top of my stairs (stacked townhouse) before sleep. It works 99% of the time.  Yeah I do this also always. Block the front door and then I have to take the rubbish out, take that book to work, take... etc > Silly little habits that ensure you don’t forget unite us.

I misread that as '*Silly little habits ensure you don't forget to untie us.*' and was like, what are you- the gimp in the attic? 

I've been watching a fair bit of AHS recently, just to explain the weirdness of that thought.  I try this in my home "I'll put it right at the door so I dont forget!" but next thing I know my moms yelling at me for stuff I put at the door that I completely zoned out and just step over every time I go by & don't even realize it is there. I leave things in front my my front door in the mornings that I don't want to forget to bring with me (such as my lunch). Works pretty well most of the time! I can't lock up without my keys so luckily it works out for me! But I've totally done that at my last job :( That dude is the homie. Even the act of writing it down will help you remember.  >The pegging idea

Phrasing!  Get a keyrack. Hang it next to your door. Create the habit of looking at the door before you go to bed. If the key isn't in the keyrack, find it and put it there. Electronic lock for the win! Additional win is having a push start car. I never have to get my keys out which means no snarky comments from husband about losing keys. Now it’s just about my phone 😆 Hmm.. designate a spot you can reach from the door, make a game of making sure you hang your keys on it/drop them into their spot with your hand still on the knob..? I did the exact same thing! Went out to dinner with friends and didn't want to forget my leftovers. So, I put my keys on top of the togo container in the fridge. Hours later when it was time to leave, I about had a breakdown because I couldn't find them and we had just gone for a nighttime boat ride **in the dark**. I don't have a second key for this car, and new chipped key costs >$350. I checked all my jacket pockets, and after thoroughly digging through it several times, I eventually dumped my entire purse. I was SURE I'd probably dropped the keys in the lake, until I remembered they were in the fridge.  He said it on the air, to everyone watching the broadcast. Probably more people saw it live than are reading about it in this subreddit.  Most keyfabs have the car manufacturer symbol on it. If you know someone drives X kind of car (like Toyota, GM, Ford, etc) it drastically lowers the chances of whose it is.

Deduction, n all that. It’s a local station that is nothing more than an affiliate of Fox. Has nothing to do with political views. They simply carry Fox Primetime programming: Simpsons, NFL, MLB, etc. >	How did she know the keys were his?

Probably because they were near the box/bag with his name on it.

>	Why is he taking a sandwich home from work?

He’s the night anchor, and probably doesn’t get home until midnight, so the sandwich is his dinner.

>	" KTVU Fox 2! "

It’s a local affiliate, and has about as much to do with Sean Hannity as it does with the Food Network.

Are you still feeling clever? [You threw my sandwich away...](https://youtu.be/6tqmXTYa3Xw)  Karen if you ate my Keys again so help me God... I had to walk 2 kilometers back to work, get my keys, and then back to my car. A 4KM day turned into an 8KM day.  leave your buss pass there :)

&#x200B; I tie a paper towel to my keys. Looks super tacky but I see it when I grab my keys. Maybe a variation of that would work for you?
(Learned from my dad who would tie a kleenex to the steering wheel to remember something.)
I know others that fashion a ring out of a paperclip.  I'm in Europe but grew up watching KTVU channel 2! That's awesome that Frank Sommerville is not only still on the news, but good for him that he has no problem talking about ADD on TV. Made me smile, thank you! I follow him on FB because I love his posts. He always has insightful questions and heart-warming stories to share. His posts about his adopted daughter are so sweet.

Finding out he’s one of us just made my day! Back when I was doing the Tinder hookup thing, I would always immediately put my phone, wallet, and keys in my shoes when I took them off at the door. I thought it was a completely reasonable thing to do, but looking back there were probably quite a few dates who thought they brought a weirdo into their house.  I just did this with my work badge the other weekend to make sure I didn't go without it on Monday. #Iknowyourstruggle Ah, yes this is what I used to do as a kid when I got ready for school. If it wasn't in my shoes I would forget. People think it's weird when I casually talk about how I kept a screwdriver in my book bag so I could break into my own house because I would forget my keys. You get by the best you can haha. But then what do you do if you forget to put it in your shoe!? Used that too sometimes! I seriously use every one of these tricks.  Not going to lie, I have taken the thing out of my shoes, put the shoes on, and subsequently left without the thing I was trying to remember. We live with constant struggles.  haha! My husband bought me a bin/basket for the bottom step/top step for items I wanted to "take up/down stairs". Probably loaded 3-5 sides of steps up a week. Then the dog would finally knock most items down! I'm better now... down to 1 step w 1-2 items. Swear. Haha I missed the whole thing and read "Silly little things that unite us." I sometimes hook things over the doorknob.  Lean it on the door. I really wished this worked for me. I get so tunnel visioned trying to get both small kids out the door with the things they need and with my sanity intact that I inevitably forget something.  so very true Are we still doing phrasing? You lost me at “create the habit” sorry.  Thank you!! I will also give you a tech answer for the phone: Apple Watch! My favorite feature is the “ping my phone” which works even when on silent! Saved me hours already this year!  Oh good.  I like this community, but the last thing I want to see is someone's life ruined because of us. And as for the sandwich,  if he uses a reusable container and/or didnt finish the entire thing, 
he needs to take it home so it doesn't get gross. ##MY SANDWICH?! Gotta get those steps in. Ah, good point Just think you didn't really want anyone who would judge you anyhow.  Re-reading what I wrote hurts my brain. Your summary is much easier to understand. what the fuck, you're a genius Is there a staging area you could create? Bright small table that *everything* is collected on or under? Of the kinds of habits there are to spark, it's one of the easier ones. Those of us with ADHD thrive with order and schedule. This creates order for the keys so they have a home, and puts that place in a visual on the wall so you can see it in the corner of your eye and be reminded. It might be worth trying. As someone who *also* left his keys in the door frequently, or often could never find his keys when he needed to leave, this solved both. If I ever look over across the room and see an empty keyrack, I go look for the keys and put it in its place. In the beginning, this meant realizing my keys were still in the door. After a while it became habit automatically, but when I move to a new place, I still lose the keys until I get my trusty keyrack up to remind me. ###MY SANDWICH?! Depends onthe kind of date. I'm not OC, but I guess judging wouldn't matter for casual adventures... Yep and everything is collected on and under 😆 but for real, I put my coffee and lunch at the table beside the door, but in the chaos of getting a 5 and 2 year old out the door without yelling or crying about who touched the door first and who gets to the car first and OMG she’s looking at me, it’s inevitable I forget something. I typically start putting things in the car as I complete them, since setting things down is a death sentence.  Well that's you. I think most people do not like being judged casual or otherwise.  Ahh children, the gift that keeps on giving. Keep up the humor!! 