What technology do you use that helps with your ADHD? What kinds of technology do you use at home, work and/or school that you find useful? I do a lot of research on the kinds of technology that students with learning disabilities use and how it helps them. However, I noticed the research was lacking for those with ADHD. So what do you use or think is useful to use?

I love using my iPad in class with the app notability. What does everyone else think?

All opinions about tech and all different kinds of technology are welcome here! This is your place to tell everyone what you find useful!
 I actually am finding my tablet to be useful in classes.  I also have my calendar linked through my tablet and phone, but that is pissing me off... There is no good tech out there I absolutely adore my Google agenda. I linked my phone and laptop agenda which comes in handy. 

My teachers allow me to use a laptop during class. It helps when taking notes and organizing notes and documents. I'll lose paper documents whereas I will not lose digital notes/documents! It helps me to organize notes, I simply cannot take notes on paper.  Ommwriter! helps me write and focus on JUST the writing, instead of flipping tabs on my browser... My iPhone things like notes, reminders, and calendars help a lot. Using a timer or alarm helps with stuff too like allocating down time and study time. 

In situations where using my phone isn't appropriate (mostly at work) I jot stuff down on notecards that I keep in my pocket. Helps immensely since I have a lot of different tasks that need to be done within a vague timeframe (by end of shift, or every ~2 hours), only a couple things that are scheduled (dinner and end of shift "debriefing" report), and then just random things of varying urgency that come up. I work as a Nurse Aide if anyone was wondering.  Google Calendar is a big one. When my semester starts, I go through the syllabus, and put EVERY class session, EVERY test date, and EVERY assignment for the whole semester into Google Calendar/Google Tasks.

I also use Google Docs for notes and Dropbox for anything school related that can't go on Google Docs (because if I don't, I WILL forget something important.) When I take notes on my tablet, they sync in real time, so I can't forget to save the notes or anything.

I use Tasker on my phone and tablet to automate a few things (mostly silencing them while I'm in class), because otherwise I would forget to do so. I've been meaning to set up a sort of "distraction timer" in Tasker, where I can hit a button, and it will beep every five minutes until I hit the button again. The beep would just serve as a reminder that five minutes have passed, which should keep me from spending too much time distracted, as it will be harder to lose track of time this way. I don't like anything but my laptop. I feel lost without it. yeah i get that. what apps are you using on your tablet? Could you expand upon your statement? haha I feel you. I can't take notes on paper either! I also linked my agenda. I have 5 different emails, each with their own agenda. Organizing it all together is so useful. I've never heard of this one. I took a look and I get why its so useful! I'm definitely going to pass this one along! Currently only freenote on my androids based Xoom.  I have used Google docs, but I wanted handwriting input, as it is hard to draw calc equations, and electronic devices in Google docs. I agree. Have you tried some that did not work out for you? What did you try and why wasn't it useful? I use google docs on my Transformer Prime for my classes. I just write the mathy parts in LaTeX-like code, and then use the google docs equation-writer thing to make the equations later. (The equation-writer is seriously lacking, though. Especially if you need piecewise functions.) I am an engineering student, so have a lot of diagrams and stuff to draw in, as they don't come in editors files. 