I forget what I’m doing when I turn around At work, I feel like almost every time I turn away from the task in front of me to get something, I end up blanking on why I needed to turn away from the task.

I’ve tried talking to myself as I turn, writing down what I need to do and it keeps happening. I’ve also started classes and feel like the added stress has kicked my adhd up a notch and like I’m constantly wandering around trying to remember what I’m doing or what I need to get.

Tips would be super appreciated. Just walk backwards. ❤ it can be the silence hunting for you. put a mark on your hand every time you see one.
 Remember where you're at.
And if you forget, you could go back to the task that you were doing and that might refresh your mind. 

Or you could think or find another task to do. I'm not sure what type of work you do but I think the concept might help. 🙂

*does the task that you turn around to do relate to the task that you were doing before?  [removed] That means your Working Memory isn't the best, which is good because it's something that will get better over time. Try out exercises and routines that will help you hold things in your mind longer. 

One suggestion would be, write down your task on a post-it note, before you get up from your desk, and stick it to your hand. That way when your brain is focusing on getting you up and down the hallway, and it casually let's go of the reason why you got up, you can look down at the paper to remind yourself. 

Source: I have a shit working memory, so I feel your pain  I have like 4 notebooks for different types of tasks.

Work related goes in one, free time goes in another and so on.

So if you have trouble at your desk, have one fixed at your desk and make a note to always having it at your desk.

And if you also need one for chores, you have another one for chores, which is also in a fixed place.

It may seem excessive, but otherwise they become messy and I forget where they are and I lose track of what is in them.

This also means that I can set time aside to look at what needs to be done, which also means that I don't stress over what needs to be done to the same degree.

For that I just use outlook, and it just rings me to keep me "grounded" throughout the day.

It won't stop you from forgetting, but it should help you not totally losing track. This happens to me all the god damn time. It became a running gag back at work, every time my colleagues see me with a blank expression they start with "let me guess... forgot what you were doing?"

&#x200B;

My solution was simply getting back to what I was doing before. To not wasting time trying to remember why I turned around, and getting the other things done. If it comes back to me, then I focus hard on it and get it done immediately before I forget it again! I recommend taking deep breaths before you do a task to digest the fact you'll have to refocus yourself at the point where you must turn around. Try to track your process and write it down, having a visual aid helps me understand where I went wrong. Also, talk to yourself out loud, it's not that crazy. Sensory distortion is a common theme in ADHD folks and me personally, so when I'll repeat things to myself especially in song I tend to remember it because it's more attractive to my ADHD brain :) hope you find the help you need!
Edit: and notes! Hella notes! I have notes in my shower to remind myself in what order to wash myself.  For school:

I use google calender which is synced to my phone. I have a notification come up 10 min before class starts to remind me to go to it.

I use google keep app to remind me to study and remind me of upcoming assignments and tests. Legit I would make a reminder that would pop up after a class if I had a two hour break that said "go to library and study now"

I also found studying easier by playing video game soundtracks on my phone, specifically using YouTube, because then I can't check reddit without turning off the music.

I also recorded all the audio from all my classes on my phone to listen to later that night and fill in notes that I missed because I went to the adhd zone and wasn't listening. I really honestly intended to listen to them that night, but usually I ended up replaying them 2 nights before the test. So don't feel too bad if you don't do it in a timely manner. It's meant to help you, not stress you out. 

Good luck!  Make sure you get enough sleep.

Edit: Also regular healthy food, the front of our brain more easily stops working properly if blood sugar is low.

You can try to envision your path to the thing you need before getting up.

Distractions can often times cause this, but having zero distractions can sometimes lead to my mind wandering. If it is an option you can experiment with music or other "controlled distraction" to see if anything helps.

I am not sure I understand how you can forget if you write it down. Unless you forget to bring the note with you. I retrace my steps! If I was listening to a song before I forgot, I listen to it again, I ask whoever I'm with to repeat the conversation, I do the same actions I did seconds ago. Sure, I look kind of crazy doing it, but 9 times out of 10, I remember! Oh my gooodddd this is why I was a terrible server. I was awesome with my tables, sold people on expensive dishes. But once they asked for a something went to go get it... Nope, no memory. “Hey, can I have that coke now?” One time I forgot to bring butter to this table 3 times in a row. How humiliating.  Yellow notes and place things extremely logical.

I kinda lived like "I have no memory"

So I could prob find my carkeys/phone etc in dark/drunk just my muscle memory.

I note all my rutines now as meds kicking in (It feel a bit stupid all my rutines) Adderall  Always works  Hahaha! Yep, like I could be setting up a thing for work, turn around to get a part for it, and I would just blank. 

Other instances are stuff like I got my headphones from the office, left to check on somethings, forgot I had my headphones and went back into the office. Or I would need to go back to the locker room two or three times because I kept forgetting to grab a charger for my phone.  Threshold amnesia is real. I can usually remember after returning to the room and then saying whatever it was I was looking for over and over. Wish I had some advice for OP. I have :/

I’m in Zoloft, Wellbutrin and adderall Oof. Sounds relatable as fuck 😂😅

I'm wondering what could help you. Think about the part you're going for, why that part, what you need it for. 
You could try out self checks. Like when you leave the locker room or wherever, check yourself and make sure you have everything that you brought with you. 
I'm also wondering if you could get a notepad and jot it down. Like a little notepad that you can carry around. 

*are you on any medications or such?  Wait... you’re on meds that increase BOTH serotonin AND Dopamine?? I think THATS part of your issue... I think you need to get a 2nd or 3rd opinion on your meds... So here’s where I’m even worse:

I’ve tried multiple to do lists on my phone, I always fail at maintaining or following

I’ve tried note pads, same problem and I lose the note pads

I’ve tried writing on my arm, which is the most helpful but I work in a research facility where I need to wear gloves or disposable gowns and lose access to my wrist.

I’m wondering if there’s like a movement or something that can help? I’m not above trying to see if I can turn my work to do list into a song for me to sing on repeat until I go home. 

 I can always ask about my medication, but this is not a new problem for me. It’s actually gotten better. At least in that now it takes an average of 2-3 times for me to remember what I need and checking again.

But I used to just get lost in my head in a conversation with myself and wander back and forth for some time before managing to collect myself and I am really grateful that with therapy and medication I’ve been able to get rid of that.  Ooo. Movement sounds intriguing. What are you thinking? Maybe like a hand motion or a tap with your fingers?  Yeah, like tapping my fingers whenever I move away from a task as a reminder that I’m in the middle of something. 
 Have you tried it before? 
 I should. I haven’t tho. I keep not finding info on whether this would be helpful so I keep feeling like I shouldn’t bother trying. But I will try it, I’ve tried almost everything else. I think you should try practicing it. 
Do you ever forget other stuff when you're outside of work? Like being at your home?  Oh god all the time. The other day I found myself in the kitchen holding shorts and had no idea why I was holding them and just put them down. The next day my boyfriend texted me asking if I’ve seen his shorts. Aaahahahah that's kinda funny 😁😂

You could've just picked them up from somewhere and thought to put them somewhere else.  Lol, that’s what we figured.  