ADHD 27 y/o male in university... How to speak up in lecture/life in general without seeming blunt or disrespectful? As the title suggests, I ask questions during lecture. Often. I'm not going to stop. I want to do it better, though.

It has come up over beers with classmates and teaching assistants that I am the guy asking the "real shit that everyone wants to know." Yes, I am *that guy*... oh joy...

During office hours, more than a few of my instructors over the years have commented on how different I am one-on-one as opposed to lecture/tutorial. My questions are more nuanced, thoughts better developed, etc.

Should I wait until my thoughts are fully formed until I put my hand up? Or will that drag the class back in time?

Would it be best to approach the question after lecture? Just write it in my notes and move on? Save it for office hours?

Here is what I know so far:
- stay away from hypotheticals
- get to the point
- if commenting on someone else's work/statement, use their name and acknowledge their idea(s)
- if the lecturer looks directly at you with your hand in the air, put your hand down. they saw you. be patient.

I'm tired of feeling like I'm sticking my foot in my mouth at least once a week. I wish every course was a seminar! 

TL;DR... Thanks for any general advice on publicly asking questions and participating in uni classes. I was that kid in school. I would challenge the topic or the theme during classroom instruction so **I** could understand it. It was always very direct, blunt about the specific topic at that specific time. 

For me, what helped was talking to the others in my classroom to get a general consensus of what was understood by them. That way I could ask my questions, but I would adjust them for the broader audience. At some point, I found that if I had the loudest, most persistent voice in the classroom, then I needed to contextualize that around the group instead of myself. I would ask basic questions that opened the door to the path of questioning I wanted to pursue and kinda judge the instructor's responses and the general mood of the room to see if I should pursue further at that moment or later. 

Another thing that helped me specifically was writing my questions down. Most of the time, I found my question would be answered through inference or over the duration of the instruction. So I would just write down a list of questions as I heard things that prompted me to question them. I had to fight hard not to interject immediately but I would cross off questions as I felt I received an answer ( good or bad ). If there were any questions left unanswered and we appeared to be transitioning, I would interrupt for clarification.

Lastly, as someone in the IT industry, I will tell you something that goes against the grain a bit. I will take someone who's blunt, harsh and kinda of an asshole, but asks questions and gets clarification any day of the week over someone who is nice and doesn't make sure they understand the material. Being blunt and direct makes sure there's no confusion or mixed understanding going on. It sure as hell doesn't make anyone feel warm and fuzzy, but it'll win you more respect at the end of the day.  The best tip I have is to try to be conscious about *how* you ask it. Avoid condescension and emotions! And let them finish their point before asking the question they're leading up too.

I was that guy too, but also have been thanked by a teacher for my questions, even ones that didn't have a known answer. It makes people think, and often people are afraid to ask them.  My partner is a college professor and she never EVER minds, in fact she enjoys it, when students stay after to ask additional questions or for clarification. 

So, I'd say do whatever feels best for you. If you feel less self-conscious asking questions after class, write them down as they occur to you and then bring the paper to the prof. I always worry about how I come off in meetings. I talk a lot, ask questions, weigh in on discussions, and always worry if I'm talking too much or making good contributions. You know [this guy? ](http://i.imgur.com/JIDQX7G.jpg) I worry constantly about being that guy. And because I know I ramble ("It's important for me to give context..."), I tend to overcompensate in the other direction when I'm nervous. And because I worry about being oblivious to social cues, I get hypervigilant and self-conscious.

You already addressed some of the ways that I steer myself in a good direction. I try to stay on topic and not get into the hypothetical weeds unless that relationship to the subject strengthens my argument. I take a step back to listen instead of blurting out my counterpoint and take notes on my counterpoint so my stupid goldfish brain doesn't lose it. I'm very careful to acknowledge opposing views and then pivot to my point, and when I do, I make sure that my point is stronger by doing my homework on the subject before the meeting and fleshing out my position ahead of time while staying flexible if someone else makes a better case for a new view or position. To me, meetings are strategy as much as preparation. And if your college requires a public speaking class that you can fulfill with an interpersonal communication class instead, take the IC class. My professor was garbage and it was still one of the best learning experiences I've ever had. Write it down... cool. Will try that more often.

Since I am often off in my own little dreamworld it's a little difficult to realize that that there are dozens of other people in the room with me. A bit self-conscious about coming off as self-centred, lately. I'll find out what concepts my classmates are struggling with and try to ask around that stuff.

How are you able to concentrate on IT things? Like IT enough that it's not an issue? Do you work quickly? Delegate things that don't interest you to others? I am truly astonished sometimes by how quiet my classmates are. A class of 60-65 will have 3, maybe 4 people that will fill in info when prompted or answer a question without being directly addressed. Is this what most campuses/workplaces are like?

You are absolutely bang on about letting someone wrap up their point first. I find myself getting physically uncomfortable (fidgeting, rubbing my palms together, tapping my feet) whenever I resist the urge to interject. But then... they finally make their point and I am satisfied. Calm down immediately. Have heard from instructors that silence after a question is posed is nothing short of painful for them, much worse than having to skip material due to a lively discussion.

It's a bit tough for back-to-back lectures in the same room. Lots of quick exits! Office hours are more my jam.

Now if only I could remember to go to them... Had some conflict resolution instruction from HR courses I have taken. Was before my ADHD diagnosis so it was... interesting for my peers, to say the least. Got a "mercy pass" and moved on to marketing stream instead. 

Never had a problem with public speaking. Always had a problem with treating IC like an intellectual bar-fight.

Thanks, will seek out more IC content in the next few years. Almost everything about IT is governed by adherence to common standards and practices. The whole thing is built off binary logic, layers and layers of binary logic. No emotion, no feelings to make things ambiguous. Because of strict rules mixed with the flexibility of how those rules and logic apply, it just kinda makes sense to me. Everything is interconnected these days so there's lots of jumping around and shifting interest so as long as you can avoid meetings or teaching, it's amazing.  Lmao diagnosis confirmed Interesting! I'm curious about how it was interesting for your peers, if you want to share. 

Good luck with your classes!  Sure!

All I was interested in during HR stuff was getting the upper hand on my peers. Led to some resentment, as you could imagine. Peer comments were along the themes of "this guy has no idea what an asshole he can be" and is "insensitive" and "unnecessarily competitive."

Not even sure it was an ADHD thing but since starting meds and counselling I am much better at collaborating and empathizing. A better leader, too.

Tl;dr... Learned the lesson that interpersonal relationships are not a zero-sum game. Huh, thanks for sharing. Do you think it's a personality trait (my partner, for example, can be competitive to a fault) that's been toned down through experience or was it an awareness/unmanaged symptom issue? I think you kinda answered that though, by saying you're unsure it was ADHD-related, so I don't mean to cover old ground.

It's a good lesson. There's a Maya Angelou quote that says (summarized) that people will forget what you said and what you did, but they'll remember how you made them feel. I'm not in complete agreement, but I try to let that way of thinking guide a lot of my interpersonal communication.  Maturity, more than anything. Once I hit 25 my life began to come together in general and an ADHD diagnosis was only a small part of that.

Winning an argument by completely bulldozing or ambushing someone is all well and good. But... do you really win if you lose someone's respect? Or even lose them as a friend? That's not a victory.

"I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." - Maya Angelou

Thank you for bringing that quote up. She was a wise woman and I dearly wish that I could have a conversation with her. 