Can you relate? Please any advice would be greatly appreciated. I’ve been so frustrated for the longest time. I always feel like a failure throughout my whole life. I’m 26 female and I’m on my third post graduation real adult job and I feel so incompetent at every single one of them. Graduate school is definitely out of the question. 

I always fuck up and it prevents me from moving up. I always get this look from my boss or coworkers when I mess up, like I’m stupid and disappointment, because it affects our work. Not only that, one of my fucking mistakes was a huge violation and it went to the compliance office and I had to get re-educated (LUCKILY I DIDN’T GET FIRED). I don’t make the same mistakes twice because I be sure to fucking learn or I will get fired. 

But no matter how hard I try, I know there will always be something new that I will fuck up again whether it’s being late or messing up on another new assignment. This thought makes me panic and it’s debilitating. I get migraines frequently and had to call off from work many times especially when I have deadlines and that doesn’t help with my workload at all.

I’m seeing both a resident psychiatrist and resident psychologist. Over a year ago, I’ve been diagnosed with Bipolar 1 from another resident psychiatrist. My current doctors said that my fuck ups are due to the disorder. How I’m perceiving it is they’re already ruling out ADHD when I brought it up. Even though I was screened for some fucking assessment, I scored severely low attention/concentration and it’s “related” to anxiety. None of my medication changes help and I’m starting to lose hope. 

What am I suppose to do now? Please any help would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
 Hi I'm here to say you are not alone and you are NOT a fuckup. I'm a 57 yr old woman and I've dealt with a lot of crap like this all my life. You definitely sound like ADHD to me. You could also be dealing with sensory integration issues that make it difficult to process verbal information. I can concentrate and take notes but I will literally miss half of what's said to me and end up in total misunderstanding as a result. I've had a very difficult time with jobs and the anxiety that comes with anticipating the next (unforseen but inevitable) problem. This is all about ADHD. Another common problem is having a difficult time "reading" other people or missing the subtext. I've run into problems when rules or procedures aren't spelled out in b&w and everyone just assumes you should know. Luckily time & experience will help with some of it. Getting a new doctor would help if you can swing it. I take 15-45 mg of Adderall, which is a life saver for me and 50mg of Sertraline to quell the anxiety. I also tell people i have a sensory integration issue so they will talk slower, give me written instructions, etc.

I've been where you are; i know what it's like, and it can get better. Good luck! It’s really unfortunate that ADHD often presents in a lot of the same was as stuff like depression/anxiety or bipolar disorder. 

Generally pretty much everything you just said (at least to me—someone with depression, anxiety, ADHD, and OCD) sounds like stuff that could be because of ADHD or bipolar disorder/anxiety. The thing I specifically zeroed in on was when you mentioned the mistakes you’ve made and how they effect your view of your success in the future. People with  ADHD tend to have a significantly lower sense of self-efficacy than others do. Self-efficacy means your level of confidence in your ability to succeed at xyz. A personal example of this for your understanding would be that for the longest time I was really really apprehensive about driving on long car trips with my friends. This was because I struggled *notoriously* with remembering directions. It was to a point where I would never offer to drive. And if I had to drive, I’d always insist on having someone else be the navigator and I would apologize beforehand about probably getting lost. 

I feel like a lot of times the stuff like depression or bipolar disorder are caused by underlying ADHD though. 

There are a bunch of things that go into figuring out if someone may have ADHD or not. So ask yourself, how’s your memory capability? What about your organizational skills? Concept of time/time management skills? Are you able to easily remember directions given to you orally? 

If you find yourself identifying with a good amount of this long-ass novel I just wrote (sorry) than either: a. Talk to your docs again more insistently about wanting to get tested for ADHD, or b. seek out a new doctor.




EDIT: CHRIST THATS LONG

HERE’S A TLDR: ADHD often goes misdiagnosed as any number of other disorders like depression, bipolar, etc. You described pretty well the experience of low self-efficacy that a lot of people with ADHD often have. Myself included. Often times, other disorders like depression and stuff can stem from undiagnosed ADHD. ADHD also often has several different factors to it, not just focus. So see the second to last paragraph and think those questions over for yourself! Yes! Thank you so much for your response! After reading your comment, I’m in awe of how much I can relate to you regarding sensory integration, which I need to look into. I just thought I’m a visual learner so when I’m interacting with someone, it’s short back and forth communication and I can ask questions whenever I want so my mind doesn’t become “aloof?” Not sure if I used that term correctly. During my undergrad and at my current job, my note taking is worthless. I had to either focus on listening or write what’s on the PowerPoint. People can do that simultaneously? But at the end of the class or meeting, there are many times I don’t get anything out of it so I always make sure to follow up with my friends about what was taught or discussed so I don’t fall behind. That’s how I coped through college, and luckily graduated, by having many study group sessions and befriending the smartest person in class and studying my ass off while it seemed for everyone else to understand and grasp quicker than me. Again, thank you so much for your advice and support. Your response gave me so much insight and I greatly appreciate it!!! Thank you so much for your insightful response!!! You definitely stated good points. For memory capability, I just know if it’s anything important, I make sure to have it noted like a check list so because I know I would probably forget something. Like for example, it started when I got my first cellphone. I “lost” it and that was not a fond memory with my mom. But I luckily misplaced it in the house. Then my wallet, my mom scolded me plenty when I kept forgetting to bring my wallet with my ID when I started driving. So since then and always, I make sure anytime I go anywhere I check with myself “wallet, keys, medicine, phone.” And I recite it a few times while checking just to make sure and ease my mind. Oh also I remember doing the screening assessment, the doctor would ask me numbers then words or something and to recite back to him but I just remember sitting there getting mad after a few rounds that I couldn’t recall them all and that I can’t even do a that simple task. For organizations, again when I was young, my parents would yell at me all the time about school. My backpack was trashed and I always forget to bring home textbook that I needed for the homework. One time, I definitely remember in 4th grade, I left my backpack at my babysitter’s house and yeah...my dad was livid when he was walking me to the bus stop asking where my backpack was. From my upbringing, I definitely made sure to have important stuff in certain places. My office desk doesn’t look the best but I know where things are. For time, like for appointments I’m either late because I don’t know where my head is or I make sure to be prepared and be there super early because I’m sick and tired of paying for appointments that I’m not even there for. I know it’s my fault but I’m working on it. For time management... that’s a different story. To be honest, this is another reason why at work I’m not doing so well and same with school. Like for deadlines, I know when the deadlines are but days and weeks before hand, I literally can’t get anything done. I just know myself and that literally the day or two before the deadline, I would get super fucking stressed and that would motivate me to grind it all out and get it done. Like this is a problem I have with myself that I don’t understand and it definitely showed on my annual review...but I’m working on it. Lastly, no on the directions. This is the same with if it’s important, I have to write it down because I’m know I’m gonna forget. Also, writing it down ease my anxiety because I don’t have to put effort into remembering since it’s already written somewhere like on my phone. Thank you for your questions!!! I’m glad I put thought into this. I have an appointment with my resident psychologist tomorrow so I will let her know. You’re a huge help!!!  