"I feel like there's probably like a subreddit or something full of people talking about managing their ADHD. I should probably look that up" Is what I thought about 2 years ago, and almost everyday since. This is my first time on this sub Welcome, fellow space cadets! One of us. One of us. One of us.  I really wanted to share a comment with fellow ADHDers, and after some unfruitful googling for suitable communities I remembered Reddit is a thing. Perfect place! But now I can't remember what I wanted to share here, go figure. Same lmao I just found this sub yesterday because lately I feel overwhelmed with being overwhelmed all the time and can't concentrate on shit or get anything done, and someone suggested this subreddit, Im 32 and never thought I could have ADHD :/ I spent two years suspecting I might have ADHD but postponing actually looking for help.

One day I finally did it... and then gave up on the first obstacle I found on the way. Postponed for two more years before looking for help again. Then I got diagnosed and started getting my shit together. fucking same 😂 Honestly I thought I had weird habits as opposed to non adhd people but being in this forum really made me realise that I’m far from the only one I often tell myself to look up resources to help me out with my ADHD and then I forget to lmao. Half the struggle is just remembering to get help and following a linear trail of thought.  This is a hidden gem subreddit in my opinion. Never any drama, everyone is always supportive. 

Our posts are hot flaming messes, though! Either really short or looooong walls of text. lol  You have found your people! Hurray, our numbers are up to 298,266! If we were better at planning we could be a force to be reckoned with  I did the same thing and remembered to subscribe. Then I routinely forget that I already subbed so I go searching for it again Yeah I was in the same boat for a while
Glad ur still here :) Welcome home! I was lucky, I looked this place up on an impulse.  I thought of it for awhile, procrastinated, before finally searching it and finding myself here. 

One of us.

One of us.

One of us. you should probably crosspost this to r/adhd  And that's how I got here Welcome to the party  Hey you made it. Welcome. Who cares how long it took :) Same **Welcome!** I've been subbed for years but barely read the posts here. A lot of them are super long, who needs that? I don't. I should get back to work actually. But I'm eating lunch so I guess I can get away with browsing a bit. I'm eating Cape Cod chips, you guys ever have those? They're super crispy, I'm really getting into them lately. I'm also trying to watch my weight, so I got the low-fat kind, which I don't think makes much of a difference but they're SO much crispier than the others that I think this might be my favorite now. I used to not like Cape Cod chips, but I dunno, I guess my tastes changed as I got older. I eat less candy now, which could contribute to either or both of those things. If they still had the good Skittles, I think I'd eat more candy. Do you remember the good Skittles? Green apple sucks, I loved lime. I guess they sell it in tropical Skittles now. I've often thought of buying two bags of Skittles, one tropical and one regular, and switching out the green apple for the lime. But that seems like a long road to go for Skittles, and to be honest I think it's better to keep not buying them. Like a protest or something. But I think a lot of people like green apple, so it probably didn't effect their bottom line enough for them to bring it back. Welcome! Welcome to the community. Lit my man Yup same here! Once I signed up for Reddit and thought that and here I am! Here you are! Here we all are!!! A bunch of amazing supportive individuals!  Sounds like us
 hey, you eventually made it, and that's what really matters Welcome We Out Here Lol. Me.

Welcome to the place were we all are considered normal. Funny how I noticed that our threads are really not that  long.    “Get the point and get out of tread” and read the next one.   Xo Welcome home ❤️ One of us, one of us... Ha I was the same way. Finding this reddit is kinda like opening Pandora box though lol. So much good material and so many people to relate to but also at the same time this reddit will show you all that makes you adhd and at least for me it took a long time to accept just how much of my troubles in life where adhd that are never going away.

But welcome to the community space cadet  Yeah, when I stumbled across this sub, I subbed immediately because I knew I'd forget about it like immediately. Now I only forget to not ignore it sometimes. So that's nice. Bruh i had the same thought, not as long, but it was there. I just kept getting distracted by everything around me “Maybe some day,” said the Magic Conch Shell. Got distracted on your way to go search, did ya?  Me last week you thought that every day for 2 years and didn't punch 4 letters into the search bar?

Maybe you don't have ADHD.. You might just be dumb. I miss space cadet *boop* Some day im going to get an astronaut tattoo since I'm a space cadet Hey so what does this really mean? I’ve heard it a lot in reference to ADHD but not 100% sure about the analogy. Maybe having your head in the clouds? Oh my God, my sister called me that all the time growing up. Checks out. When I was a kid my teacher was calling my name and I didn’t notice, so she called me a space cadet and I didn’t notice. So that name is ~special to me  ONE OF US This thread seriously makes me want a reddit ADHD meet-up. I'll bring the paint, but you fuckers have to bring your own supersoakers  I just commented this somewhere else Something I try to do when on reddit and wanting to tangent from a post or comment, is save the post or comment so that I don’t lose it and can easily go back to it.

The only problem I have is excess saved comments and posts from tangents I’ve failed to go full circle with.  It'll come back to you, at the least appropriate time, and then by the time you get back to your computer you'll forget again.  Which totally qualifies you for being part of this. Whatever it is. But did you *really* laugh your arse off? Sounds familiar. At 33 I went to a therapist and said "Projects that should be small end up becoming big and I feel stressed out most of the time. I think I have anxiety." Turns out the anxiety wasn't the main problem. I was 32 before I got diagnosed. My fiance thought I was depressed, turns out I'm pretty happy but have adhd and surprising to both of us a touch autistic.  We both just thought I was a bit of an asshole tbh. yeah if you resonate with like 5 posts in a row here you should just be handed a diagnosis.  That was my main feeling before a couple years of therapy and meds! Definitely a likely sign of ADHD  I was 47 when I was diagnosed. Exactly 0 people I’m close to were surprised.  I was 41 when I found out. My still-wife O_o still says I have passive aggressive personality disorder. That's called avoidance behavior. 

I have a hard time  mailing anything because once when I was really little my mother chided me for not knowing where to put all the parts of a letter (my name address, the stamp and the return address). All avoidance behavior because I don't want that rejected feeling again. 

Got myself a PO box to help me get over it. Now I know it's ADD. Dad & ex just labeled me a Quitter. Ouch for life. Exactly my thoughts! The best time to lookup adhd resources is when you have something really important that must get done.... What is this, linear train of thought you speak of? Did you really laugh your ass off though?  Or putting off calling the psychiatrist for two months  Short? We would always be late, but once we were there... oh crap! Who was supposed to bring the reckoning tools?  Imagine that! Same Totally did not get through all of that. Its not you it's me
 Seriously though, lime was the best. Green apple ruined Skittles.  You lost me half way through, sorry Or... they just never got around to it. It’s not like finding this subreddit was essential.  Fishing for downvotes, eh? I didn't come here until after I was diagnosed, until then I was using how to adhd. Finding a support group is nonessential when you're trying to manage life Maybe both? Why are you here? If you can’t recognize that behavior, you probably don’t have ADHD, you’re just an asshole.  Oooh!  Something shiny! brb... I've never thought about thst before but now i really really want one! Awhile back I picked up a blacklight at a thrift store and started making blacklight art with the highlighters I use to make my planner entries and notes to myself more interesting (I use the highlighters for this, not the art...).  Anyway, what seemed to naturally come out was astronauts like [this guy](https://imgur.com/a/FPMQ2Yz).  I've used him as an avatar on facebook, etc, and didn't put together until reading your comment how appropriate that is.

&#x200B;

edit:  punctuation Yeah that is part of it! It’s just a phrase that defines the “spacing out” or “day dreaming” tendencies that a lot of ADHDers have. Especially, and I’m guilty of this, when we space out instead of do productive things.  We'd almost definitely all forget or be late or forget to bring something but what a beautiful chaotic mess it would be!  Why have I never thought of having a supersoaker fight with paint?  Brilliant I do say Thank you for reminding me I saved something last night for that reason. FYI there's a limit of posts you can save, like 100 or something, the old ones get deleted automatically as you save newer ones, I think. (might be unlimited with reddit gold) Wow, this makes me feel not alone!! A good feeling. I save things all the time but then I never look at them. I have a bookmarks folder in Chrome titled "interesting" with tons web pages I have never gone back to haha. Remembering to go back is a whole other challenge for me   I have at least 100 things saved on FB that I keep forgetting to go back to.  Me- 100% Yeah I’m in hospital now it really wasn’t worth it  Well you are, but at least you know why! :) Avoidance is my # 1 problem.  I avoid shit til the sky is really falling, ad nauseam.   Holy shit dude thank you, what do you do to avoid avoidance behaviour? This is so debilitating..

Thanks for sharing!! Oh man I had the same thing happen to me with math class and law school. Just like, all of math class, through every grade from kindergarten up, and nearly all of law school. Still graduated though !  I am passive aggressive if you ask my wife and in-laws. 

If you ask my parents I am the I've who has money problems all the time and that I was the smart kid who never stopped talking.

If you ask my former bosses, I am the lazy one who never gets anything done.

I you ask my friends I'm always late.

It's the boxes they put you in. And yes, all of that is true, but I believe I have made great progress. To the point where I feel I can't find something when I look for it about the same often as anyone else. But if I point that out and give examples.... You guessed it, I'm passive aggressive again. Under appreciated reply!! Comment of the fucking day.  They speak of it existing. I've only heard tales. Always that one person  Touché  You! I thought you were bringing the reckoning tools, u/ambientdiscord!  And instantly got stuck on r/adhdprogrammers or  whatever it's called Yep stopped reading after three sentences.  No, it's also me. Never got around to it after thinking about it "almost every day for 2 years"?

Come on.. There's ADHD and there is just plain dumb. This has nothing to do with ADHD. Nah. I just don't care if I get downvoted.  Ya, sure. I suspected I might have ADHD for quite some time as well but never looked it up on reddit.

But I didn't literally think "I should look up an ADHD sub" "almost every day" for 2 years.

Thinking that and not doing it has nothing to do with ADHD. That's just idiocy. Oh my god I love him! He is perfect! I like the colors *oversleeps meetup* *shows up on the wrong day, also misses doctor appointment that was actually that day* Dim the lights so you can just see the people around you, then use glow in the dark paint! I... Sort of want to change my life goal, and just open some sort of paint obstacle course or challenge center You can set up an IFTTT thing that puts all your saved posts/comments in a spreadsheet or note (Evernote or what have you) for unlimited saving of stuff you’ll probably forget about but definitely plan on going back to later. (Speaking from, uh, a friend’s experience. Not mine. Definitely not.) The Snapchat discover Tasty recipes get me a lot. 

“Oh I’ll totally cook that sometime soon, better screenshot it!” 

Then, one rainy Sunday a few weeks or months later, “hmm I haven’t gone through my photos lately, let’s clear some space up!” 

I swear I’ve screenshot over 50 recipes in the last like 3 months.. And thats why I prefer to LOL  Good thing they can do butt implants now, sounds like you'll need one. I can't argue with that Haha. Step 1) learn to identify avoidance behavior. 

What does my behavior look like when I am more or less not doing the task for no good reason? 

step 2) come up with what a reasonable response would be

I need to mail this thing? I will go after work tomorrow and mail it at the post office that I look up where it is from work before I start out.

step 3) get as much done on it before you have to ahead of time.

get the address, get directions, know the hours,  have the stamps or the cash on hand to buy the stamps, put the postage in your car.  Nothing is worse than getting the gumption up to go and do the thing then not having what you need or having a million little hurdles to jump. 

step 4) plan to do the thing in your schedule

set alarms, write it in your notes, paste a  sticky on your steering wheel to remind you. it is super easy for this to slip your mind, do what you can to make it happen.

step 5) admit this is hard for you to yourself.


There is a reason you are not doing this super easily, do jot get frustrated or upset, just let it be hard because you can do hard things just like you can do easy things. 

step 6) just let the task happen. 

Your alarms will take care of it, the preprep will make you have everything you need and you will deal with the things you forgot when you get to them. So don't try and try to make it happen, it will you have prepared.


step 7) space these things out.

You will have to do a lot of these, that is part of life. They are draining (till you get used to it, they get easier as you get used to them) and trying to get 90 of them done in one day  will be awful. Just space them out and get what you can done. 

hope that helps. if you want me to write out a few examples I can just let me know. Address it directly, come up with a solution, then commit to doing it. The more you practice that commitment, the easier it gets. Use games or find ways to trick yourself into doing it if you're having trohnle getting started. There are lots of apps for this purpose! Man math was hard for me till I got to college, that's when I realized I had never been taught math I had only been taught arithmetic.  Yeah, I don't plan to tell anyone. To them, I'll continue to be quirky, annoying me. Then any progress I make, I hope to get some credit for.  The elders tell them. Abs everybody else just expects you to know what it is.... Apparently. I mean, I think we've all had those thing where we go "i should..." and then it just never happens for one reason or another. It's a feature of ADHD to ignore things that don't seem urgent  Haha, yes! Though now I'm thinking that the real miracle would be that it even got planned at all! Most of my big plans are buried in some lost barely used bullet journal in a box of junk that I know I shouldn't throw out just yet.  Oh, nice. Right now I just send everything to my e-mail You know I haven't seen someone spell rofl in a while... I guess the world just ain't as funny anymore :( lul Same here.  rofl :D dw i gotcha 

&#x200B; The world is funny again! Wooo thanks friend  