Where do you start with organization? So I am recently diagnosed and the meds have put me in a place where I wonder if I can organize my life now. I don't know where to start. 

I am dating an amazing girl who places alot of value on functional organization. On everything having a place, dates and times of what events recorded in a planner or on a calender, mostly she organizes her world on the principle that she should not have to search for stuff because everything is where it belongs. 

I love her to death, but my lack of organizational skills is becoming a point of conflict and I would really like to work on it, especially because she is so fucking patient with me. I lost another pair of nail clippers and had to go out abs buy some, this is the fourth time this year. I think I misplaced them already and I need help. 

What has worked for you guys and what has not when trying to create some organization in your life. I don't think I could copy my SO's system without overdoing it, moving from one extreme to the absolute other.  The best advice I can give is to give all your stuff a "home".  Whenever you're done using a particular thing, tell yourself "Alright, self, you're done using *thing*, time to put it back in *place* where it lives."

That part takes some practice, but after about a week, you'll do it without trying.  For me, everything lives in the cloud. 

The Google Drive application can scan documents via a smartphone camera. All my work gets scanned and uploaded into its respective folder. If I lose something, I can always access it online.

I also use the Google Calendar and Keep in combination. I use keep to take notes on what to schedule, and then stick it in the calendar at the end of the day.

If you go this route make sure to use two-factor authentication since you'll be uploading a lot of important shit. For organizing stuff,  I really recommend Marie Kondo's book. It completely changed my approach to my stuff,  from chaotic and careless to mindful. It's very small,  quick to read,  and will change you! 

Also,  routines are great. I use Habitrpg to build habits and routines.  This is the advice I've received and used as well. A key point for me is to emphasize **immediately** doing these things. If I try to finish *just this one* other task right in front of me because its convenient then I'll forget about it and it'll stay where it falls. Don't get sidetracked to do other task while taking it home either. The item will end up between where it was used and home, lost in no man's land and forever unable to complete its journey.

As far as calendars and notebooks go, starting is the hardest part. If you're wanting to use some system or another but not doing it because you can't decide, just flip a coin a pick one. Some structure is better than none, and "best" is probably a fuzzy line anyways with these things. I agree with this.  But it is easier said than done.
I grew up with a dad who was ultra organized.  EVERYTHING HAD A HOME!
When I visit my parents still, I know exactly where to find everything, and I'm conditioned to always put it back where I've found it.
However, at home, this is different.
In the kitchen, everything has a home, but in every other room, forget it!  I can't even imagine organizing bathrooms and bedrooms, so I'm constantly searching.  BUT, I am working on it because I know it is effective.
So many people on here talk about losing their keys.  I've gotten into the habit of ALWAYS hanging my keys up when I get home, so I never lose them.  
Also, saying things out loud instead of just in your head works.
 I do all of this too,  plus plan my week with Trello.  The entire company I work at uses Trello to assign tasks and it works pretty well. 