Friend of mine said it to me today... “I really think you should try getting a planner! Trust me, like I’m super ADHD and it helps me so much!” 🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃thanks for the thoughtful, insightful, and  *not at all* tired advice, JANICE!!!🙃🙃🙃🙃

EDIT: tried to fix the italics but whatever "MaYbE yOu JuSt NeEd A BETTER pLaNnEr" - what someone told me when I said that I have a hard time with schedules and routines, and that planners don't help me very much. 

The problem is my brain, not the *bleeping* planner.

So yeah, I can totally relate.  i have like 8 of them. scattered all over. i couldnt even tell you where ONE of them is. but i feel like actually writing something down..even if its on a napkin, helps me retain it..because i remember the act of writing it down..if that makes any sense. My personal favorite is a dead heat between

 "At the end of the day,  you just need to suck it up and do it" 

and

 "I just (insert literally any action) when I'm (insert one of the 2-3 stereotypical symptoms). Why don't you try that?"

I'm a notoriously calm and difficult to anger person, but it takes every fiber of my being to give even a low level dickish response to these. I know they usually mean well,  and really have no idea what ADHD truly entails, but when I hear it over and over from the same people I've explained it to a thousand times..... Ughghg I've pissed myself off just thinking about it. Bright side, at least, is that I'll forget all about this post in a few seconds. Barring any notifications of course.  Lol I write and plan everything. Do I accomplish things? No. In her defense, a notebook + meds is an excellent way to handle ADHD. THANKS IM CURED We can plan all we want, its the *actual doing" is the hard part. It is a good idea to be fair. Just also one that's hard to stick with. I think the best thing is just to keep trying different things. Planners, calendar/to do list apps, just writing things in a regular notebook, alarms (for appointments, errands, etc), your phones notes app, your email calendar, etc. Every time you try to be organized, try to write stuff down, try to keep a schedule, you are practicing it a little more. And eventually you'll find a way of organization/scheduling that works for you more and more often (or at least is a lot better than not trying). Was told this on Saturday evening, as me and another diagnosed person where talking about the struggles: 

“Everybody has a little ADHD these days.” 

Great, thanks, really helpful dude. That's honestly good advice for neurotypical people, but unhelpful for ADHDers. We will literally lose the planner itself or set it aside and forget about it. 

Buying things to help me organize my life (planners, calendars, notebooks, even phone apps) leaves me overwhelmed and, eventually, I have a cluttered mess. It's pretty ironic. 

I can buy all the tools I want, but my brain will remain the same. Sometimes when I go to Target I look at planners. But I know better.......... I just know better.  Hey, I love my planner. But what it takes for me to use it is:

I'm medicated at the right dosage.
I'm married to a wonderful, supportive woman who sits down with me regularly to go over planner updates.
I have Google Calendar AND a dry erase calendar AND daily To-Do lists that I use as supplements.

And it still doesn't solve my problems, just makes them somewhat easier to manage.

Before medication, I tried to use a variety of planners and it just never worked. After medication, I had to learn how to use a planner and my wife and I deliberately worked on building the habits and routines necessary to maintain a planner.

Planners can be great, but buying a planner is not going to make it work without other things in place to support it.

Sometimes I want to shake people and remind them that I have been thinking about my ADHD as far back as I can remember, long before I knew what it was. I am pretty bright, so I think if there were an easy and simple solution to fix all my problems, I would have found it by now. Everything I have found that helps tends to require more time, effort, and support than it would for a non-ADHDer. And nothing is a magic solution that fixes all my problems. THANK YOU. Everyone tells me this. I’m like if I can’t remember to do the event I’m writing down in the first place, what makes you think I’ll remember to read the planner??? I think an issue is that even within the ADHD community there are people who CAN use a planner. I'm one of them; I bullet journal with my Scribbles That Matter, Microns and Mildliners with my big supply of washi tape. It's color coordinated, and I have it memorized.  It's honestly probably a hyper fixation because I put way too much thought into that journal. It's relaxing and when I look at it, it makes me productive (Even though I'm usually not). 

That said: I used to not be able to do it either, and life was 1000X worse. I ALWAYS had missing work. I never knew when stuff was. It was horrible, and I honestly worry that I'm going to grow out of this hyper fixation and end up back in that same spot. 

Tangent, my point is: even within the community there are people who can manage to stay organized, so it's so easy to think "Oh they just aren't organized, get a planner!" without going into the thought about WHY having trouble with dopamine may play into having the motivation to keep a planner, which then snowballs into not knowing what's due, which leads to everything piling up which leads to procrastination because everything is building up around you and you don't know what the hell to do. 

And then you get people who use ADHD as an adjective. I don't have anything on them. I absolutely have to write everything down and make lists, but an actual "planner" never helped me at all. I used to buy one every year and ended up using it like a journal to note what I had done that day or something interesting or neat that I saw. the days seemed very "thick" when I was younger. I have bought two planners in my lifetime. One was because the college bookstore required you to spend at least $10 in order to use a debit card and I really wanted some cheap, microwaveable cups of macaroni and cheese. The planner purchase pushed me over that $10 threshold to cheesy heaven. The second time was because I thought it would actually help me and it did not.  Design your own. I did and it changed my life.  r/wowthanksimcured My parents are mostly like “YoU nEeD mOrE oRgAnIzAtIoN” THAT’S NOT THE GODDAMN PROBLEM, I NEED TO FOCUS

...maybe I should stop pretending to lose stuff when I don’t finish it because I was distracted A planner *and 15mgx2 Dexedrine XR is what really helped me.

Also a lot of alarms on my phone. I carried a planner around for an entire year in my bag, barely used it, I felt bad for it mostly I’m at a constant state of organised chaos, so planners don’t cut it anymore. 

Nowadays I just use google cal (shared with my parner so I’m constantly being hounded to update it) and a ringed notebook for to-do list and doodling (mostly doodles). 

Writing down helps me remember things and oragnise my thought, so I hardly refer it unless there’s a very specific thing to remember. 

Planners on the other hand... too pricey, too fancy and too structured. Our brains are too fluid for squares and lines. 

 I hate when people assume that everyone with adhd doesn’t know how they are supposed to do things the right way. We just can’t get ourselves to do it.

I’m an absolute pro at planning, I can spend hours and days planned out every detail of the coming semester with deadlines and details about everything I need to do. Only to never look at that plan ever again.. A POS doc who I went to who refused to prescribe me Adderall. (Thankfully I found a nurse practitioner who did.)  

Him: "Do you have a phone?" (A bit condescending.)  
Me: *eyeroll* "Yes."  
Him: "Take it out."  
I do.  
"There is a calendar and reminder clocks on there."  
I lose my shit.  
"I've had this disorder my entire life! You don't think I've tried every goddamned trick in the book?! Put up with family and friends telling me the same shit you just told me?!"  
Yes, I lost my cool. (ADHD guy losing his cool?!!)  He actually APOLOGIZED and said I was right!!! But still declined on the Adderall script. My bullet journal planner literally changed my life. I now can impersonate a regular functioning human and my bullet journal is  a large part of that. 

But it is definitely not as easy as just get a planner. Not how it works.  “I’m super ADHD” cmonnnn can’t stand that shit I had a desk planner once. It did a good job of protecting my desk from my coffee mug.  When ever I'm told to get a planner I just tell them " isn't it funny how people with memory retention problems are told to use a day planner? A day planner only works when you remember to use it!" Yeah, planner’s last all of two days in my life. Oh I understand your struggles, even two years after finding the perfect planner for my ADHD brain I have to force myself to use it and to bring it with me.
And of course I have to look for it several times a day xD Did you tell Janice that, super sarcastically? Because maybe Janice needs to realize that while she's "like, super ADHD" there's a difference and those of us who are actually ADHD find this kinda shitty.  I find planning, list making, and following a schedule help me immensely (obviously in conjunction w/my meds). I’d say it’s absolutely worth a shot. 
For example, here are a few of the lists that I make weekly:
a weekly grocery list 
a weekly menu
daily to-do list

I find the act of physically crossing off a task from my list to be so satisfying!  I have tried keeping a planner but always lose it or didn't have it with me when I needed it - but since I started using Google calendar for both work and personal life, I haven't forgotten an appointment  - now I've still slept through plenty but at least I had a reminder to tell me I missed something. My husband even have a calendar we share for family events and home maintenance (filter changes, recycling pick-up, cleaning the cats ears, oil changes... everything). I was just diagnosed a couple weeks ago but just wanted to share the idea of using the planner that's already in your hand. Friend says get planner. Get planner. Forget to use planner.  I make notes to myself on my hand/arm to make sure I remember them... then I find them at home and realize I forgot to get milk or something.

Unless it's something fun, by brain can remember fun. I’m kind of disappointed to see so many people claiming they don’t work for us. It was the first coping strategy my ADHD workbook taught me and I’ve had to work hard to implement its use, but I’m happy I gave it a chance. Keeping my planner is really useful.  I actually happen to be a list person, I get motivated by checking things off of my list and knowing that they are done, if even for 24 hours, so to me this would be good advice (when I was 12...)

I mean, to me, my ADHD isn't really forgetting things, it is more "okay I'm working on changing phone numbers right now, randomly go get hot chocolate, come back and see a dog and then reminisce about the past.. decide my yellow highlighter sucks and to go get a new one.. eventually decide it is time to buckle down and finish the phone numbers..." Ooh! I might have something that can actually help with this. It’s a little expensive but it’s made a huge difference for me. I used to live off legal pads which was helpful but still difficult because I often couldn’t remember which pad or page my notes were on and would have to spend a lot of time digging to find them. I did that for years.

Now, I’ve got an iPad Pro with this app called “MyScript Nebo.” That thing is freaking awesome. It lets me take handwritten notes, organize them into books and folders, and the best part is that I can actually search my notes if I can’t remember were particular note is. No joke, The app is able to interpret my hand writing as typed text and will even display it that way if I tell it to. It’s actually quite accurate even though I have terrible handwriting. I could search for keywords and it will pull up all of the pages that have those keywords in them.

I use that thing all day every day. There are hundreds of pages of notes in there and it’s been a huge upgrade from just using a planner or legal pads. It actually really helps me! Highly recommend. Not sure if they have something like that for any of the android tablets. I have a divice inside my pocket, wich provides me information at all the times I need them. After I got over the mark to make typing in those information at least once a day, it worked better then ever. I figured that for me, it’s not the writing down but the sheer social pressure of having to look into my smartphone all the time. Now with my watch I have to figure out my days plan and my watch will guide me through all that „memorable“ stuff.  Whenever someone says that they "Like have major ADHD." I ask how they deal with their dopamine issues. And when they have no idea what I'm saying, I explain what ADHD really is, a neurological development disorder and people usually shut the fuck up or google it to see if I'm right.

I cant be mad with theses people. I have ADHD PI and while I was growing up, I was taught that ADHD wasn't real. It wasn't until I found other people with it, got diagnosed, went to therapy, and saw improvements that I believed it. So how can I blame these people for not understanding when I didn't understand either? Seriously though.

A digital planner is really good at reducing the impact of ADHD.

I still have ADHD but because of my digital planner I don't miss appointments anymore and I'm only marginally late because the planner reminds me. I always have my phone my a digital planner is always with me.

I thought the same thing as the nay sayers here until I decided to just commit to using my digital planner fully.

Write/type everything down in the planner THE VERY SAME SECOND that you agree to it and it works pretty well. 

It's like giving a paraplegic a wheelchair. It won't help them walk but it will certainly make their day to day living easier if they are willing to use it. I can relate to this. My husband (who has ADHD) has a really difficult time with this so I am the calendar keeper and I make sure he looks at it once a week so he knows what’s new and what we’re doing. I know that having a planner would help him but I don’t think he would be able to keep up with it so I just do it. I really don’t mind because I love planning and organizing. I just pick up the slack that he misses. It works well for us.  "Oh yEaH, i HaVe AdHd, eVeRyBodY haS iT!" Which one? My work planner? School one? My home one? The one in my phone? Or my all inclusive one because I lose the last three all the time?????  #thank you, Janice! why didn’t I think of that??? let me add that planner to the MOUNTAIN OF PLANNERS THAT I HAVE NOT FINISHED USING/ARE LOST IN ANOTHER DIMENSION. THANK YOU, JANIIIIICEEEEE. ❤️ Oh shit, where IS my planner?! But have you tried paying attention more? ;)
/S I can't remember to plan things either, so I got in the habit of making an entry in a calendar app on my smartphone RIGHT THERE the moment I find out I have an appointment.

I also make doctor's appointments on the way out of doctor's appointments, which go in my calendar.

At work I keep a bujo next to the phone and write every stupid thing down. We have a weekly meeting, and I use that as my brain substitute. Works well. Those habits can help. I only remember to do them on my meds, but hey. I feel like this is akin to telling a seriously broke person, "Just skip the morning latte, you'll save so much money!"  It's like duh, do you really think I haven't tried that?  I'm so far past "just getting a planner" to help with my time management issues.  And for as much as I appreciate the caring sentiment behind the advice, it can feel so damn demotivating and insulting when people throw out these kinds of platitudes.   I've tried it at least 5 times and I've only made it a month at the longest! I can't even count how many times people have given me this advice though, so frustrating.  I typically put everything in my Outlook calendar which syncs to my phone. Plus write it in my planner. Plus put a post it on my laptop or whatever thing I'll most likely use next. Still forgot to go to a faculty breakfast thing this past week.  Planner don't work. At least for me.  for some reason I can't get over the fact her name was janice, people named janice SUUUCK and alwyas give unsolicited advice.

girls named angel are alwayst he worst I’m not trying to be an asshole but maybe she’s confusing adhd with ocd. It's good in combination with meds and if you build it into a habit, without meds you will probably never stick to it.  I get why her comment can be very insensitive and upsetting, you could try and educate her about adhd and mental health in general. 

In theory a planner is ideal and a great tool but in reality, at least for me, it’s just another thing to worry about and keep track of. The tool that actually changed my life is google calendar. I write EVERYTHING down: classes, important meetings, bdays, parties with friends, phone calls and even very casual hang outs. I also put myself notifications 2 hours and 30 mins before most things so that I don’t forget. Planners are cool and look adorable but it’s not always the best way to actually manage your time  This is relatable.

I have ADD while also having diagnosed with PTSD when I was younger.

I had to explain to someone what I had and they put me on the spot and asked why. I told them I'd rather tell them in private. And later on I told them. They said, 
"Yeah I figured. You can get PTSD from anything probably. Even shitting on the toilet."

It made me feel like shit. No pun intended.
This man literally compared my abuse to a fowl bowl movement.  ADD is more like set an alarm every ten mins so you can stay on task. Thats how in lnalmost get to work on time. I guess I can appreciate the sentiment... but 1) chances are your friends has no ADHD at all, 2) No, things like this usually don't fix the problem, and 3) Do people really think we haven't thought of doing this? MY house is full of things I've tried using to plan and become more orderly, which I ended up abandoning because they didn't work. I’ve tried so many different damn planners and apps, nothing helps lol. That's cute. I got a new planner over the weekend and forgot to bring it to work with me today.

&#x200B;

Also this weekend, a friend of mine sent me an article that Weed is so effective for ADHD.  I let it go! If that were the case, I'd have never quit! ZZzzz... People tell me I'm organized. I set alarms on my phone. At 9:00 AM on monday, it tells me to water the plants. At 10:00 AM another alarm goes off to remind me to clean an area of the house. At 3:50, I have an alarm to go pick up my kid at the bus. At 5, another alarm to cook dinner. At 7:00, an alarm tells me to bathe a child. The children are in bed by 8:30 and I can do what I want. If I need to run an errand or do something unusual, I put it in my phone for noon. If I forget to do the thing in the morning, the noon alarm reminds me and I do it in the afternoon.  Ok, but —
I used to be HORRIBLE with planning until I download a nice, simple app on my phone. Yes, it's hard and I definitely forget to use it still, sometimes.. but a paper agenda never worked for me. I **will** forget to bring it with me. I've also heard some pretty good things about alarm clocks. If many several ppl hadn't already clued me in, idk how i would live. srsly, life changing device. maybe you should give one of those a try too?
/s I have five calendars. 5. One for bills on my phone, one for phone calls and appointments/office closures on my desk, outlook meeting calendar on my work computer and my phone, day planner, and chore planner on my fridge. Still doesn’t help. I don’t forget my work meetings but that’s about it. Organization is the bane of my existence, and organized people drive me nuts. How can you live like that? My husband recently started saying “just think when you pick something up ‘everything has a home’” by day two I thought I was going to choke the life out of him.  It takes a lot of effort and I still forget to put stuff in my phone Calendar. 
Today my cat has a vet appointment, I forgot what time it was at, didn't put it in the calendar, so I had to call then and hope I hadn't missed it. 
I do this a lot more then I should.  And while you’re at it, have you tried just WORKING HARDER? 

( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°) “Super ADHD” 😂  Shut up Janice!  Anyone who describes themselves as _being_ ADHD, and not _having_ ADHD, seems to not actually have it.  'YOU SHOULD TRY THIS APP!'

I have /tried/ many apps and then ended up uninstalling them because my phone storage is full of the many photos I will never backup "omg im super add/adhd" is my favorite thing to hear from people........ not.  On my desk I have a notepad that I just leave there. Each day when I get home, I write what I need to do that night. I then proceed to rip that piece of paper and throw it out, because after I write it down my retention gets better, regardless of my medication status. 

But bringing that pad around with me is too much to ask. I would lose it within a minute outside that desk area, it just happens. Regardless of if my XR is still kicking, this helps out a lot. I get my list done within a few minutes and know what work I need to do that night. 

OP I get the frustration of others trying to instill a planner, shit’s wack and I can’t stand it. Our school district tried to force me to use a planner and I just couldn’t. If you want to try that notepad idea out, it really helps even just to write down a stray thought you know or think you may forget, however infrequent that may be. For me, it began to train my brain to write down something I would forget when I’m at home, and hope to take it into future aspects of life someday. 

But seriously, fuck those planners.  Well it's not that planners can't help, it's the gigantic amount of stuff we've got to figure out just to be able to use it in the first place. We can't just pick up the damn thing and use it. We need dozens of coping techniques just to deal with it. It takes a lot of time, misses, retries to get there.

When you do get there, it might seem like that one planner was the solution, but it's not. It's one stone in a big wall and it took a long time to build. Was it Janice or was it Karen , generally Karen is the one with the shitty advices. Literally made a list on Saturday night for a bunch of things I needed to do on Sunday. Guess how many of those things I did?? ZERO.  JANICE!!!! My planner helps a little bit, for the school stuff, but everything else just goes over my head 🤷🏻‍♀️ I've found that my Phone Calendar and Habitica have been lifesavers for keeping me organized.

^Sorry ^I ^just ^wanted ^to ^give ^some ^tips, ^plz ^don't ^be ^mad All I can say to that is my life changed with my first smartphone. Before that every planner I had would get used the first week and then it was forgotten lost or I had nothing to write with or I just couldn’t be bothered with writing it down. I would take appointment cards and shove them in the black hole that was my purse.

As long as I get those appointments on the correct day and put a reasonable alert time there is a higher chance of me getting there. I do sometimes ignore the alerts but I try not too. I just tell my family if it’s not in my phone it’s not going to happen. As long as everyone believes that then when I do remember stuff not in my phone everyone is pleasantly surprised. “Have you tried colored pens? Post it notes?” SMH I tried the planner, never have it on my when I need it and always end up loosing it.
I tried my phone, never remember to charge it. 
I tried lists, always accidentally throw away the sticky notes.
I tried writing on the back of my hand, end up washing the list off... Have you tried working harder to pay attention? /s She’s right though. Do people think we just forget the list of things we do? I spend more time compiling and time managing (then uh later adjusting...) each issue and then it's midnight and I haven't done a thing Not to be that guy, because honestly, I forget to use mine sometimes, but look into bullet journals. 

They're a moderate amount of work to set up, but the free form organization aspects are awesome. I've managed to keep events in order for a few months now, including organizing my wife's birthday party with ~20 guests with few issues Hahaha. Yes! My BFF knows better than to suggest planners, but I am so jealous of her gorgeous bullet Journal/ planner.... I can barely keep my head on long enough to get events into my phone, and this is after years of practice and reinforcement of its success as an organization system "You just have to do it" Yea convincing myself to go to sleep is not easier if it is written on a calender Jesus h >The problem is my brain

So... It seems to me you've already identified the problem here. Now you need to concentrate on fixing it. Maybe you just need a better brain? /s ;) Yeah especially when you already have a phone calendar, a wall calendar, and a notebook. If I thought a planner would help I would have one. aaaand there's The Just again.

&#x200B;

Hit ctrl-F and type in "just". I'm new to these ADHD forums and small comments like these make me realize I'm not crazy. I feel like I do so much small stuff like this and I feel like such a dummy because if i dont I feel so anxious I'll just forget it  That makes total sense. Shit I'll write something on scrap paper that I'll never see again just so I remember writing it down. 

On a weird note I can take the order for 5 tables of 4 or less people without writing a single thing down and only miss 1 or 2 items. Entrees, sides, mods, drinks, everything. If you ordered the same thing two weeks ago I remember the way you like the dish. But I can't remember to put money in the account so my phone doesn't get cut off, or that 2 of my staff asked me for days off/something to get done and it completely fell out of my head. I can't remember that I have to do laundry before I run out of clothes, or that I need to fold them once they're washed so they're easier to find, but that soup you ordered last week, I totallyyy got you.  Those things never work for me. I have a laminated weekly and monthly planner on my fridge and just use white erase marker. For me it has the opposite effect. I write things down to get them out of my head and to forget about them.

Not working most of the time but when it does it is a bliss. YES, exactly! I scribble them down on an index card in the morning and then sometimes, or not, transfer them to a terrifying list in a notebook. Omg. This is me!! I’m not alone! I’ve resorted to printing monthly calendars from MS Word because I keep losing everything. I lose them once a month, I swear.  this is me.   


The best "planner" i have right now is a huge white board on my fridge, a calendar hanging like 3 feet from it, another white board about 7 feet from that and 2 writing pads that stay in the kitchen.. lol ill usually write out the same lists or same reminder 3-5 times, because writing makes it stick.. not the notes themselves  


Thats what i usually do my daily brainstorming on anyway, but then of course i have scattered papers and pens everywhere, in all my bags ect. I really keep thinking of installing a permanent notepad and pen in my car..  I do this too... I picture it's a different part of my brain that processes it when I write, so then 2 parts of me can help to remember it
 > i have like 8 of them. scattered all over.

I have a nice leather planner that I carry with me _everywhere_.  At every moment I have my keys, my phone, my wallet, and my planner.  Without it, I have no idea what's going on and what I'm supposed to be doing during a given day. My whole life in one comment. 

If I really could just suck it up and get on with it why wouldn't I? Why do I continue to not do things that only get me in trouble. Seriously. 
 My bf told me yesterday I just need to try harder to focus :/ 
Really stung...especially as I’m constantly mentally exhausted and overwhelmed from trying hard to focus all of the time  The word "just" is the real killer.  Remove that one word and it can be thoughtful advice.  Far less irritating.

Anytime someone says "just do this" it's irritating. To use a far too simple, overly verbose, and overall poor metaphor: 

Think of you and another person both trying to hammer a nail. The other person has a fully formed and functional hammer. They see the nail and all they need to do is hit it straight on with the hammerhead until it's driven in. 

You're only holding the handle of a hammer without the head. However, to the person with the full hammer, what they see is someone holding a regular hammer with the head attached, completely unaware of it's true condition. 

When they see you flailing at the nail with the butt of the handle fairly unsuccessfully, they, understandably, ask why you don't just hit the hammer with the head and drive that sucker in. It was easy for them. When you try to explain that your hammer doesn't have a head, so it isn't that simple or easy, they don't understand or don't believe you. 

Even if they concede that perhaps your hammer is different, they can't really assimilate it because their senses and personal experience tell them a different story. This is because, to them, you're just holding a regular hammer and hitting the nail wrong. So, their advice means little and *actually distracts* you from driving the nail in with the tool available to you. 

After a while, you manage to drive the nail in, but, it took significantly longer and you had to expend much more effort than the other person. You may have even had to take breaks in between bouts of furious effort. On top of that, the other person stood there griping at you half the time you were trying to accomplish the task because you weren't doing it the 'normal' way. A method that, unfortunately, isn't in your toolbox. 

In some cases, even if you manage to drive the nail in as quickly or even quicker than the other person, there will still be a perception that you're doing it wrong or 'the hard way'. Their eyes still stubbornly fixed on the illusory head atop your handle, unable to truly realize that it's just a reflection of their own personal experience projected onto your handle. 
 Oh that last sentence, that's me in a nutshell. Good and bad thing about it is I won't likely remember the fact that someone has pissed me off (unless it's very significant of course) in a couple of hours to a day from now so it's easy to say "I don't hold grudges" lol This is me 100% Exactly. 

I'm a beast at planning, keeping track, making schedules, etc. But when it comes time to *DO* all those wonderfully planned activities and tasks and such, do I do them? Do I fuck. x( Same here mate. Yeah, I definitely rely on my google calendar to remember where I need to be at all times, especially since my work schedule follows no pattern. I recently started grad school on top of that, in an online program, so we had to watch a ridiculous number of lectures beforehand about time management, including an activity where we had to "write out our weekly schedule to include the 20 hours you need to spend on studying to be successful in the program" Which, as I said was a joke to me because my work schedule varies, and I rotate between days and nights, so no two weeks look even remotely similar. 

Anyway I saw an ad on facebook for this thing https://pandaplanner.com/ and I considered getting it to see if it would help, but I don't want to spend money on it if I'm probably not going to do what I write in it anyway. I also recently put in study/ paper writing time on my google calendar, and as of finishing work last Thursday, I have yet to start my stuff due this week. 

TL;DR I thought about getting a planner, but decided I probably wouldn't follow the self imposed deadlines it gives me. Has anyone on this sub actually had success with a planner? Now if only I could find that damned notebook.

Run late, forget to bring the meds because you're busy looking for the book, don't find it anyway.

 ME TOO. CLOSE DOWN THE SUBREDDIT, BOYS I’m starting to find that trying and not trying (as far as lists, planners and hyper-organizing) net me very similar results, one just leaves me much more exhausted than the other. 

Almost feels like this is a real, and pretty crippling,  disability.  /s To play devil's advocate, I thrive because of my planner. It helps me create structure & routine. When my life gets super chaotic & I feel like I'm drowning under the weight of everything I need to get done, going back to my planner makes me feel 10x better.

Saying planners don't work for ADHDers isn't true. Many of us thrive with planners — in my case, I need mine to breathe properly. It's my external mind. And having met many other ADHDers who use planners, I don't believe I'm an exception to the rule. We can be great at task & time management, we just have to work ***way*** harder at it. I’ve tried every type of planner (just download digital to try) and I ALWAYS end up losing it or forgetting it exists. On and off meds- and the sheer amount of times I hear “just use a planner”. It gets very tiresome  > We will literally lose the planner itself or set it aside and forget about it.

My planner is the one thing whose location I always know, weekday or weekend, day or night.  It's too important for me _not_ to keep track of.  Without it, my life is a chaotic, unproductive mess.

Now, I lose shit all the time.  For example, I lost a set of keys three weeks ago and still haven't found them.  But I've never once lost my planner; I couldn't live without it. What I've found useful is talking to the phone, make a note for me or remind me to xx.

Still forget its an option but bloody handy when I remember, and my phone seems to know to alert me the day before and keep bringing it up as a notification without an annoying ring tone Holy shit, I LOVE this comment. I’m cracking up! Just generally the discourse on this thread has been really interesting to follow. But this is somehow like the most cryptic comment ever and yet,...I know *exactly* what you’re saying... "read the planner" fk thats right I remember to read the planner because I spend hours consciously putting off my work which gives a looming sense of doom as the time until the work is due ticks down. Eventually I get it out of my backpack so that when I feel motivated I won't have to move to start working.   I'm one of those who have been able to use a planner. I panic when it's not literally with me or in my bag.


Before I was medicated, I hated planners and couldn't remember a damn thing. I really hated using dated planners and having so many unused pages. I'd feel terrible after realizing I barely wrote anything in them and how useless they ended up being.


Then I found this little planner that didn't have any dates on it so I could start writing from the beginning no matter the date. I think my planner became something I could hyperfocus on so the more I used it, the more effective it became.


Now I'm looking into taking blank notebooks or dotted ones (like in Japan or Korea) and building my own planner with washi tape and colored pens. Actively having to write down the days and numbers helped me remember things in general for some reason. Same. Lists are incredibly helpful and effective for me so much so that I make weekly grocery lists, plan our weekly menu, & make a “to-do-list” daily. Like you though, I buy a planner every single year and start out strong. Lasts about 2 weeks max😂!  I loved my planner in high school, but since then the closest thing I use is my google calendar. I think its because I had more structured time in HS and college, working, and grad school are much less structured and rely on more self motivation, which I struggle with. 

This is the one I used in high school. 
https://www.ataglance.com/ataglance/browse/product/Recycled+Academic+Weekly-Monthly+Appointment+Book/70957G?recid=1646662926801
All classes were put in their respective time slots with assignments on the date due. In the afternoon would write in extra curricular activities/ appointments/ other places I had to be. Occasionally I would pencil in what homework/when I would do it when I got home from school, but I didn't follow that as closely as a neurotypical person probably would. The homework planning I did was more of a compensation mechanism for keeping my brain fresh in class by taking a time out/ doodling on my planner. But it still helped for giving me some direction, at least for getting the easy stuff done early, not so much the more challenging stuff like papers.  Have you heard of a bullet journal? It's essentially what you're describing. There's a link up above to the website but basically it's using lists instead of calendars or having your day planned out in times.  Hiiiii brain twin!! *waves* 🙂 I definitely have the latter of what you described (getting distracted easily) but still share in the bad planning shenanigans. I just have a pad of paper on my desk that I write stuff on to remember. It makes remembering somewhat more likely, even without meds. 

It doesn’t help with everything, but manages to help a little.  Wow, you just described me trying to watch a lecture the other day. I had *five hours* to do it in and didn't start until the last 45 minutes lol. I don't understand what you mean by this "how they deal with their dopamine issues" and I work in healthcare. Is that your fancy way of asking what medications have helped? > A digital planner is really good at reducing the impact of ADHD.

I've tried digital planners, but paper planners work so much better for me.   ^(FUCK YOU, JANICE.) Part of me wants to make a Kickstarter for a auto-taser watch which is simply:

* A face-less watch you wear that you configure.
* When the alarm goes off, it gently starts to tase you in escalating voltages until you hold a button down for three seconds. In short, it should eventually become painful to ignore and require a little more than a "snooze smash" to disable.

People can adopt new senses with added hardware, e.g. you can add "magnetic north" to your senses with about $150 in hardware. I don't see why we can't integrate time as a sense for those of us that can fall into hyperfocus.

If you want to make a Kickstarter for this: DO IT. YoU jUsT nEeD tO tRy HaRdEr Which app? Just because I have a planner doesn't mean I know what I did with it I also like the free form organization. Whether you write everyday or you miss a few days, you still just go to the next line. Thoughts, tasks, events, whatever, it just goes on that next line unless you need to put it on a specific future day or month.  No more blank forgotten weeks that will never be filled!

Also, if your setup isn't quite right, you can try out something a little different the next month. Zero commitment.

Edited to add: 90% of the "bullet journals" you see on YouTube are very artistic and customized, and quite different from the no-frills method you'll find on [https://bulletjournal.com/](https://bulletjournal.com/). I personally don't want an art project, just a place to write down whatever thought/task/idea is bouncing around my head so that I can (1) stop trying to juggle and remember them all and (2) get it on paper quickly before I forget it Seconding this. I love that I can drop it and come back to it and I really feel like writing down the list in my head gets it out of my head so I can think about something else rather than constantly reminding myself not to forget the thing.  Yes! I started using a bullet journal over the summer, and so far it's been the only planner that I've used remotely long-term (read: more than two weeks). I think the main reason is that, because it's free form, there isn't too much guilt for missing a couple weeks--whereas, with a normal planner, the empty pages kiiiiill me and I decide to just give up on it because it's "ruined." 

So if I lose a couple weeks to a depressive episode, at least going back to the journal is one less thing to stress about as I get my shit back together :') I love my quasi bullet journal (I just use a regular spiral notebook) but it's important to spend time with it and log something every day. Currently trying to make it part of my routine so I don't have to remember to bullet journal.  They are nearly zero work the way I do it. I buy pre-numbered dot grid books from Clairefontaine (FP friendly). I do month lists. Reserving a page for each of the 3-4 months a notebook covers. That's it for setup. Ten minutes or so.

Besides that I only do daily (ish) Todo lists and notes for work meetings. To do items are either urgent or not. More complex and it would fail me fast.

I started an outside of work notebook for to do items but I am now thinking that overcomplicates and is one more thing to maintain.

Being required to rewrite the daily Todo helps me not lose sight of tasks pending.

But the key struggle remains: getting motivated and being productive during any given day. I'll take 1 grade A neurotypical human brain, please. I used to carry a notebook and I told my subordinates that if they asked for something and I didn't write it down, it never happened. Like you say, a lot of times I will remember writing it down more than I will remember the conversation.  see now what you said is like a f'ing super power. but yeah...ill walk into a room with one thing to do, i'll get LOADS of stuff done while im in said room, like insane productivity, except the one damn thing i went in to do...i just laugh about it and try again. fuck it. we're stuck with this, lets all make the damn most of it....except that one thing....oh and table 11 still needs these desserts. I did this at Tim's, at first i couldn't remember any drive thru orders if I wasn't right at the cash but over time and as I tried improving myself I was able to remember various orders from across the store , as long as there wasn't any other distractions like a second order. I find with adhd since straight up memorising stuff is hard for us we find tricks, for me it's just what the order "sounds" like, I'll be able to repeat it in my head just with the general gist of it like it's just a couple numbers and coffee, like medium 3,4 and a 20 pack of mixed timbits or smthn I also have a habit of writing things down on scraps of paper but I’ve used that as part of my to-do / task management system... Planners don’t work for me, but I post all these scraps of paper on a bulletin board in the center of my room, and that really works cuz they stay very visible and don’t get taken off the board til I deal with the task. I keep a notepad right underneath it so the second I think of something I write it down and post it. That’s one suggestion for dealing with all the scraps of paper.  What do you do when you're away from your house and you find something else you need to do or remember? i also just started using "notes" on my iphone...which ive put into a folder and cant find if i actually remember that i used it.. you *are not* alone. we are all in the same damn boat...so lets all meet on the lido deck and cruise...if i can find it. the car idea is awesome...im gonna look into that > If I really could just suck it up and get on with it why wouldn't I? 

Oh but you can! So saith *me*! Maybe because you just haven't *really* tried yet! If that doesn't work, then you could *really really* try! Maybe you just don't really care enough to try and overcome *one of the most problematic aspects of your entire life* and are too focused on petty distractions! You sure do seem to like wasting your time on video games and TV. How am I not supposed to think you could care less? Just look at how *I* do things! I just do them! No big deal! I don't let my to do list slide by the wayside and blame it on a *medical diagnosis that completely rearanges my neurology from what's typcial!* /s

I think I just triggered myself while writing that lol. Obviously, this is hyperbole but that's the gist of how it feels when it's suggested that you could simply overcome your ADHD symptoms by just working extra hard. That's not how it works. We do need to work hard to get things done, but, that won't stop us from making mistakes generated from poor executive functioning.   "Your just not trying hard enough, which tells me that you must not really care."  Is a line my gf has used on multiple occasions.  It's so fucking frustrating because it's actually the exact opposite. 

 Wouldn't it be nice if we could just loan our ADHD to them for a week or so? I know it's not possible for them to ever fully understand, but sometimes I wonder if she's even capable of a mild understanding.   This sounds like my now ex-husband. When I began to suspect I had something wrong, he told me I was just lazy and looking for an excuse. I believed him and it put off my diagnosis for probably 5+ years. When I was diagnosed and medicated, I had to hear from other people that he thought my meds were helping. He still dumped me a few months later.

Some people don't have empathy for issues they don't experience, so take care of yourself first.  Right!? Just because it's *simple* (just = simply) doesn't mean it's *EASY*.

Sometimes people don't seem to grasp that. Saying "just" implies that it is a trivial matter when it's the EXACT problem we're trying to overcome.  I'm saving this for later use. Thanks Haha,  there are a few positives that come with ADHD,  it's just that they tend to be less substantial then the negatives.  I’m loving the Things app. It’s incredibly flexible. It allows you to jot down any idea or task in seconds, from “call Mom” to “get university degree”, then categorize and plan them out when you have time. If something has to be done at or by a date or time, you can set start and/or due dates; or you can make it an “anytime” task or a “someday” (can’t be done yet) task. Complex tasks can be broken down into steps, simple tasks can just get done. You can categorize tasks by grouping them into “areas” (like Home, Work, whatever makes sense to you) and/or defining tags for them. 

I use the Reminders app for location-based tasks (like, when I’m near the vape store, remember to buy juice & coils) and we have a shared family calendar app for appointments, parties, events etc. Everything else goes into Things and it’s changed my life. 

Kudos to people who’ve found success with a bullet journal or planner, but for me that’s just another object to lose. I never lose my phone (for very long, anyway) and it’s always with me.  Without meds it’s just hilarious. Use the planner once or twice, then inevitably forget about it completely and probably lose it, only to find it months later when thinking that you need to start using a planner to help remember things... I been keeping a bullet journal since June now. It is the longest I ever kept any one planner and used it. Even through low times. Sometimes I didn't use it or didn't look at it as much as I should. However with time I feel like it got a lot better.

The only really strict rules I follow with it is to not stuff in there as soon as possible and always keep the thing in my bag and only take it out to write or look at stuff. That way I can't even forget it.

It still happened, because of course. In those cases I just took notes and copied them over later. Get a purse. Another guy on here championed the idea of carrying a purse everywhere. Really it's a godsend. I no longer forget my DL/CC when I go to the store. I stick an extra charger in there for when I forget to charge my phone. AND my notebook fits in there.

Really, everyone with ADHD needs to carry a small bag/purse with them. I also have a smartwatch that I can use to locate my phone and one of those tile trackers in my purse (in case they get separate). Well yea, its definitely a real disability. But, that doesn't mean its impossible to find something that works for you or at least helps. Normally I write down everything someone tells me that I need to remember in the notes app on my phone. Then, at the beginning of the week, I go through and set alarms for all the appointments, meetings, errands (I just pick a time I know I'm free) I need to do that week. Along with weekly repeating alarms for things like class and take meds. This works for me because alarms are harder to ignore or forget about and then I set another alarm on like Sunday to do the same thing for the next week.

The hardest thing is getting in the habit of writing everything down. But, it is a habit and the more you do it the easier it gets. It helps if you have people to remind you at first to. But, now I'm used to just consistently going through my different to do lists, trying to reorganize them, and setting alarms if I see something. 

Obviously, medicine helps all of this be more successful, but even before I had medicine, it still helped a lot more than not trying to use a system. It just wasn't as successful as it is now. And I'm not saying this exact system will work best for everyone, just that if you keep working at it and trying different systems and practicing eventually you will find something that helps. We're not incapable of these things, it's just harder for us. I agree. Meds are essential for me, but once that piece was fixed, a planner was incredibly helpful. It has taken some time to find the right system, but just using one has had a remarkable impact.

My son is 11 and was diagnosed early this year. We have breakfast together every Sunday to fill out his planner for the week. It has made a big difference in his organization.

They might not work for everyone, but for some of us, they are an invaluable tool. I might've overexaggerated a bit on that one. From my perspective, the ADHDers I have encountered don't do so well with planners, myself included. 

I can see how they could be helpful. Believe me, I have tried. Lol It fell flat though and I ended up forgetting to bring it with me everywhere I went, among other things.  I'm in the middle somewhere.  Paper planners never work for me, but an electronic calendar like the ones on outlook or google calendar are key to me getting anything done. Exactly. My planner is part of my external executive function. I'm not obsessive over it, but writing things down helps things stick in my mind.

I grew up using it tho, and I can't seem to get digital versions to work for me. Too ephemeral.

But my planner gets reviewed and updated every week at the same time I refill my pill case, and I'll take a look at it in the morning when I get to work. I wish i was like that haha. Usually when I get closer to something and feel doomed I just accept it. At that point I usually tell myself I’m screwed anyways. Leuchturm 1917 is a really nice notebook. Can have some pen bleed through but the pages feel really nice. I thought the dot grid was going to make my writing messy but it actually made it better and it makes it way easier to make a layout or do a sketch. Plus I buy really bright ones so I can always see my planner if I'm scanning my eyes around a room for it or getting it out of a bag :) Once you get the hang of it, bullet journaling is super nice :) 
If you want a starter I know micheals sells some dotted notebooks, but the paper is thin. There is also something called a "ghost journal" on Amazon that I have used and was lovely and about 9 dollars. Right now I'm using the Scribbles that Matter and absolutely love it :)  Make grocery list and buy recyclable shopping bags. Arrive at shop with no list and 0 shopping bags. Every. Time. Yea lol. Medication was all I meant by that or just because i have a beautifully organized planner doesnt mean i look at it 😂😂 i tend to write our months worth of bills and other things i can "count" on being consistent then never use the planner again lmao.  Naw... You wouldn't like that. I hear they're quite boring. > if they asked for something and I didn't write it down, it never happened

I have ticker tape synesthesia. Spoken words, if not "subtitled" by my brain, are just noisy gibberish.   When I have no Adderall in my system or am depressed, the subtitling thing doesn't happen and I have zero ability to understand or recall verbal information. I've got 3 notebooks in my office for this reason, one for FOH, one of the kitchen, and one for customers booking events. When I remember to use them it works great Haha, idk if it's that great, but thank you. I forget extra sauces and stuff all the time though, sucks when you finally remember and rush over with it but they've already finished the thing they wanted the sauce for. Sometimes I'll make a joke like "I went to China for it" and it goes over pretty well. 

Table 11 still hasn't gotten those desserts. Yeah, I'll make a pattern with it, after every item that is ordered I say "ok", if I don't say "ok" I've found that's when I forget stuff. Then when input the order if it doesn't match the pattern I know it's not right. There's one guy that always comes in with big groups of different people and he'll tell them, "Watch her, she never writes anything down!" and they ooh and ahh about how awesome I am.  I've tried that and I never look at it, and once it's disorganized enough it just makes me spiral because it's messy and I can't keep track of it. I also write most things in shorthand, that can often not make sense 2 weeks in the future. Plus that notepad would get moved because I wanted it for something else and never get put back in its spot.. But I can see how that would work for others.  In a previous job, I drove my boss nuts because my desk and work area had a million sticky notes stuck to every surface. He thought it looked sloppy. My answer was that as long as I could look at the sticky notes I could keep track of every single thing I had going on. Without that, forget it. Notes app on smart phone. Theyre pretty nifty Eeesh, I’ve had similar responses. But also I get it, cos I don’t pay attention when someone talks to me and I ask them to repeat themselves a lot so it does look like I don’t care. It’s difficult for our partners to understand the extent ADHD affects us on a daily basis, when we lose focus we just think “ah that’s my ADHD” but our partners must analyse and overthink why we don’t pay full attention to them. It must even feel hurtful to them. 

Also I haven’t fully explained ADHD to my partner, partly because I was in denial myself and partly because I didn’t realise the extent to which ADHD impacts my daily life until I found this subreddit. I’m so happy I found it so I can stop blaming myself constantly for not *trying hard enough* or *being lazy* or my goddamn impulsivity (idk if I’ll ever stop thinking negatively about that lol).  And while you do that, might as well grab a bunch of office supplies, paper, label makers, folders, hole punchers, staplers and planners because organised is good.

Then leave them another 5 months in their original boxes in an unorganised pile in the (home) office.. Label maker is fun though Fuck dude, this is too real for me right now. Does it ever end? Doesn't work so well for me as I'm a tradesman but pretty bloody good advice

My issue is meds. I am on la ritalin, but have second and third dosages to take during the day. If I leave in vehicle the sun gets them and they become ineffective Get a purse! I'm going to suggest this to everyone with adhd :p It becomes one thing to find instead of 20. Always leave your notebook in your hand or in your purse. I'm kind of like this. I use a physical bullet journal but any events, bill due dates or time-specific events also go into a digital calendar because while I hope I'll check my journal, at least if I don't I'll get the notification. And vice versa.  I panic when I don't have something done and there is no chance if getting it done. Nothing makes me more anxious.  Yes I was thinking of getting one but that was a very pretty penny. 


I'm very picky about things being even or "just right." I will erase entire pages because something didn't seem right. I'm borderline obsessed with things being even or straight. My handwriting often gets mistaken as typed text. 


I like the idea of fully making my own planner and now that I'm on meds, I can actually do that! Especially now I have a really good motivator to write in it. It has all the things I *should* remember as a normal person. Hahahahah. +1 for Scribbles That Matter.  Using it for my BuJo right now.  Love that thing!  Don't see it mentioned nearly as much as the Leuchturm, but I'm a big fan. My list is a template that is organized by department and has a section for the weekly menu. As soon as I finish making the list and the menu, I put the list right in my pocketbook. I forget my bags sometimes, too but i try my best to bring them right back and into the trunk of my car as soon as I put the groceries away.  And the one time I did bring the reusable bag I didn't remember until I went to get out my wallet and saw it in my purse.  While I realize most people use medication as part of their treatment plan, I was unmedicated following diagnosis for 15 years because my parents let me decide what to do. Even though I take medication now for work, I feel like its still not a major part of my treatment plan because I have invested a lot of time and effort into non pharmacological coping mechanisms over the 15 years of living my life without medication. I'm still not a huge fan of medication because of the side effects, so I found it a little ableist/ gatekeeping of you to suggest that one needs meds to have "real ADHD"  Isn't that auditory processing disorder? I have a similar thing--I can repeat words back to people without understanding what they mean ahahhaa you'll be fine. Hahaha i love that, it does feel good when you get it right like that If you’re concerned at all for tackling that issue, I have a suggestion that I currently use and it actually helps a bit in general. I have a folder, the most simple flat folder that would usually go in a filing cabinet with no pockets or anything, literally just like a glorified piece of folded stock paper. And I keep all my notes on there. When I’m working I’ll unfold it and lay it flat where I’m working, and if I need to I can stick notes onto it instead of my desk surface whenever needed. Then when it’s time to leave, just close the folder and stick it somewhere and your workspace is immediately clear. Simple but I find it super helpful.  I've never succeeded in using Notes or any other electronic organization.  I have no idea why, but good old fashioned paper planners work sooo much better for me. Oh and don’t forget spending weeks researching how to be more organised and buying anything related, only to give up on the whole idea without really implementing more than once anything you learned... Some people say you grow out of it. /s It's amazing! The B5 is the perfect size for me.  I understand that. And I can see how this could put people down especially since I have found that lifestyle and exercise to be almost as effective. But it's just frustrating hearing people around me say, "Oh yea I forget where I put my keys. So we must both have adhd."

And I will definitely say I am bitter due to my upbringing and lack of support/being called lazy and stupid until i was 22 and joined a support group and then got cognitive behavioral therapy.

Thank you for being honest with me. I talk/type before I think and am working on not projecting my insecurities I have other auditory issues, too, and my shrink says they're a result of my ADHD.  I have no idea if ticker tape synesthesia is ADHD related, though. That is a great idea! Would have destressed him. Didn't bother me, but he was a pretty good boss and I didn't want to give him a hard time. It's amazing when you can develop your own routines but it really does help when you have 3rd party support or an understanding SO who won't consider it as making excuses . 

Also essential is not getting mad at them when they ask repetitively. Especially if you reassure them and forget anyway 😂  Sounds like we should all work as organizational consultants for neurotypical people for whom planners and schedules actually work. To be fair (in your defense) you can totally manage dopamine issues unmedicated. Though MOST of them are negative, if you're Dx'd and KNOW about ADHD you can usually cut out the bad. For example, exercise is a natural dopamine booster. Fidget toys another. Yeah. My wife is always asking me to set alarms for things as well. Sadly i usually forget what the alarm is for, set it too early and still forget to do the thing, or set it too close and not have enough time to do the thing.

This sub is often both a comfort and a reminder of how hopeless i am... /sigh One of the best inventions ever was the ability to label the alarms I set on my phone. Not sure if it's the same for iPhone OS, but Android OS has this featture, and OMFG. 

*GAME.* *CHANGER.* Yeah, iOS has that too. It does require you to pick meaningful labels though.
I tend to either not put a label because “it will be obvious” or end up with a bunch of “check oven 10 mins left”, “check oven 5 mins left” “get chicken out of oven”, “turn oven off” etc and my phone gets pretty crowded Yeah, that is one of the drawbacks. I tend to relabeled whatever alarm slot I was using after it goes off so that I dont have more than 8 alarms on my phone at once. This has taken literally years of practice, though, to get to the point that it's useful rather than cumbersome. The Reminders app (iOS) is the right tool for that job. I hate that app so much! I assume its just me being stupid but i have had reminders go missing and reminders go off but no indication on my phone other than a notification ( my phone is never on completely silent but is usually set to vibrate)

Either way i found it so frustrating i stopped using it. 