I’m always mad about how easy I forget words, but am always so impressed with my creative alternatives I create for those words I couldn’t think of the phrase “optical illusion” so the replacement phrase I used was “brain fucker-upper” 

I forgot the word “airbag”, so I called it a “safety puffer-outer”

It’s like playing charades when I can’t figure out a word. Other people guess what I’m trying to say, while I act out/describe the word

ADHD-TLDR; can’t remember anything

Edit: forgot I even posted this last night. Was real confused with why I had so many reddit notifications this morning Everything is "that thing" or "the thing with the thing" Hey have you like seen the thing off the thing that I needed for... Thinging? You know, the.. uuh.. the uh, thingy?

I had it yesterday, I think I left it near the table or something, or actually no, maybe not, god I actually have no idea, ooohh no nvm, that was a week ago with the table haha I had when we were going to go to the city where you bought this weird ice cream with the _green ish_ topping, you remember? Hahaha you let me taste it I still can't place like the taste, it was almost like hazelnu... Oooooooooohhhhh wait let me go upstairs I think I remember where it i— what do you mean you don't know what I mean with "the thingy of the thing?", You know the, with the black underside you use sometimes for _aaarrgghhh you know it when I say it,_ .. for the uhh, the uh, you know for like the f company, this blue square with white f, like the thing everybody uses for keeping track of birthdays! you knooooowww you use it every day so often, OMG why am I still explaining it you'll laugh at me when you see it haha lemme go fetch it... It's soooo obvious...!!

So ok uh wait let's go upstairs, so first.. alright yeah upstairs I can do that lol, door, hey cool this door has this really weird texture in the top left corner, no idea why I didn't notice that before, alright, yeah, looking for the thingy, stairs, ... Stairs ok ok, probably in my room, not in the bathroom like last time–that was weird– alright, .. in my room.

... So uhhhh. Wait, what was I looking for again? I have no idea, oh hey I remember drawing that two weeks ago yay that was pretty cool I don't draw as much as I want to though, but I kinda liked it, although I can never really focus on it enough or like do it consistently to get good at it, ... Wait nonono, no-no, wait, no, I was doing something. Yeah... Looking for something, yeah. Focus! I can focus! It's fine, I made it through school fine I'm great at focusing, I always got good grades in school and the teachers really liked me for my spontaneous enthusiasm and creativity... Oh wait haha wow I guess this is like distraction again then, _haha how ironic_, to like think about being good at focusing and then getting distracted.. distraction is such a weird thing, I think I should start meditating and exercising more, yeah! Meditating is great, I tried it for a few weeks half a year ago or something, I wonder why I stopped, it's like..
Uhh– oh wait I was doing something, what was I doing again?

"HEY! What was I doing again?" ... "Oh yeah, thanks looking for somethi-- oh fuck my train leaves in 23 minutes, I need to find it _now_", Jesus Christ where is it, under my bed? No, on my desk? Nah, aaarrgghh I left it somewhere! Ugh, at the charger still maybe? .. hrmmm nooo _aarrgghh_ fuuccckkk 21 minutes, I usually already take like 22 minutes to cycle there will I receive even make it? I'll have to cycle fast for sure, but well wait that's fine, cycling fast is healthy, healthy is good for me I heard that it you start your day with exercise you'll be fitter and sharper throughout the day so it's not so bad.. wait fuuccckkk 20 minutes now aaaaaaaaaarrrrrggghhhhh... Oh hey a notification, lemme check tha-.............

Oh, my phone was in my pocket all along, aha. Haha, that's kinda dumb but oh whatever. Whatever, quick, gotta go get my bicycle and fo catch the train, just quickly lemme get my key–.. my keys... Where'd I leave my keys? :S
How does this keep happening to me? I just had them! One time I was trying to give a friend directions and I said “you need to take a right after you pass the uh— umm.... the golf resort.”

Country Club. The word I was looking for was Country Club.  I totally do this! People are always wondering what I mean by my 'small machine' or 'tiny computer' when I can't find my phone!
 Safety puffer-outer made me laugh (in a good way!). 

I am a visual thinker, so I see images in my mind and have to translate that picture into words if I want to explain what I'm thinking to anyone else. Usually it's not as simple as just describing the image though because people won't understand how what I'm seeing connects to what we're talking about. 

It can be pretty difficult and I forget words ALL THE TIME. Specific words, entire sentences, names of common every day items, ya know. Or sometimes I'll get like half way through saying what I'm trying to say and then I just run out of words and my mind goes blank. 

Words are hard. It sucks. 
 Bleh I do this way too often. 

House where books live (library)
Slappy-smush (fly swatter)
Juice vase (carafe)

It’s worse when you’re halfway through an argument and sounding all intelligent and suddenly it’s nothing but Buffy-speak.   I have this all the time. I've just started my masters at Oxford University, and I worry that everyone thinks I'm a moron.   


Can this be helped by meds? I'm currently on Concerta, unsure of its effectiveness, considering switching to Elvanse/Vyvanse (we don't do Adderall in the UK, and I'm not interested in Strattera).  It's a running gag in my family that I'll do this. A week ago I was so tired I couldn't remember Jack Johnson so my brain came up with the following sequence: "He looks like that barefoot white guy who made the song about that curious monkey child." My sister usually has no problem following what I'm trying to say but even she was like, "Did you just have a stroke?" Just ADHD brain lol. Oh wow. Is this srsly an adhd connected issue? Never thought of it that way, but very recognizable! I use  “Ear Twigs” so often that I’m not sure how I ever remember to call them q-tips  I have problems remembering names, there was a receptionist at work and I thought that "she looks like a Chloé" but that wasn't her name so i just referred to her in mind as "not-chloé".
I  get actors mixed up so I'll say "the guy that was in ----". But i also get films and shows mixed up ( avengers vs guarians of the galaxy : "one of them has that racoon in it". ) LOTR vs the hobbit:  it has "That one Guy who is Bilbo but then also a Hobbit".  So basically it's hopeless :D Yesterday I couldn't think of the word "chipmunk". The...not-a-gerbil.  This happens to me all the time too! It's often paired with "I think it starts with [letter of the alphabet]." Then I run through the letters of the alphabet in my mind, doing something like a mental Scattergories to try to spark a connection. If that doesn't work, I put a similar word into the Power Thesaurus website to see if that solves the mystery. When I finally get hold of the forgotten word, I write it on a Post-It (while thinking 'I hope I don't end up forgetting where this Post-It is'). My favorite was when I completely spaced on words in a Medieval Lit class and called a scroll a "word ribbon" and a canopy for a bed a "cloth balcony." But yes, "the thing with the thing" is constantly how I live my life. My friends have learned to deal with frantic gesturing at a thing as acceptable questioning. At any given time, anybody has about a 33% chance of being named "fuckin, uh, what's-his-nuts" to me. I....once called a chin a face-elbow. 

I also often have trouble recalling common words and can only think of their more archaic versions, bigger synonyms, or large oblique synonyms. I can't say I enjoy this.

e.g. "inexorable" instead of "clingy" Dear lord this is my daily routine.


A lot of people compliment on having an interesting vocabulary, but it's almost 99% due to me not remembering the word I should be using and having to call in a substitute from the depths of my brain. My favorite made up word I created this year was when I combine "porch" and "patio". 
PORTIO! 
Said it with confidence. Will never take it back.  I forget words. Thanks God I know a lot of alternatives. But I hate it when I can't remember something so simple. It's on its way, but feels like got stuck in the middle. Hell, I forget names of closed ones, relatives or friends. I would spend days trying to remember the names I just somehow forgot.  I feel like this is where British slang came from.  I saw this design on a car and I forgot the word I was looking for so I leaned over to my boyfriend I said “Hey look at that car tattoo.”  Oh God this is me XD "thingy-magingy" is my favourite word. It is catching on with my boyfriend LOL, Buffy speak. Someone else found Tvtropes and somehow managed to escape. I too will always find some words that are close enough to get my point across. I think it's a strength, not a weakness. It leads to creativity in other areas as well. You just do what it takes to make it work somehow, you get better at it as you get older. I worry I'm getting Alzheimers then realize I've always had this.  Meds won’t help. I was diagnosed with a language based learning disorder when I was diagnosed with ADHD. And it’s very common among people with ADHD. There are a range of disorder for verbal translation, expression, and word recall. It’s called expressive language disorder. Very very common among us. But it doesn’t mean your a moron. I’m in graduate school trying to get my PhD and I have expressive, written, and reading language disorders.  And my entire family lol. TV Tropes is my LIFE sometimes hahaha. 

But I think you’re entirely correct. I almost never simply blank on a word (though when I do it’s literally like my brain is stuck, then come the charades) but I’ve surprised myself with the creative work arounds. 

I’ve also found that my semi-fluency in American Sign Language has actually really helped me with the random aphasia. Even if my brain->mouth connection is blocked my brain->hands highway seems pretty open.  My partner decided to learn Sign mostly to help me in these situations, also because it’s a gorgeous language and so very useful. Metasyntatic variables, those doohickeys are great!  