Let's have a little bit of fun and play a game! Complete the following sentence based on actual events that have happened to you that you can make fun of. "You know you're having a bad ADHD day..." ... when your wife calls you at work to tell you she just found the toaster in the fridge.

... when you show up in panic at the airport because you are late and are told by the agent that your flight is not until the next day.

Go! ...when you can’t remember if you took your adderall, or if you just *thought* about taking it, so you take one and you’re up all night, and feel and LOOK like absolute shit the next day, and get nothing accomplished, essentially wasting a day. Oops. You remember you have a tracking app and device (app on phone, device on keys) and you get excited because you won’t waste time finding your keys... only to realise you can’t find your phone to track your keys... and the lost keys won’t be able to find your phone. Haha yep.  ...When you show up late, in a panic, at the airport only to find that your flight is the next WEEK. 

...when you misplace your credit card, call to cancel it and get a new one, then receive it in the mail... and lose THAT ONE, too. (And the lady at the bank laughs at you.)

...You forget to call your student loan servicer about a forbearance and you suddenly find that your credit score dropped 100 points in one day (6 months worth of missed payments will do that to you).

 That day I was running late for a doctors appointment, but managed to get there on time...only to realize my drive home was 25 kms, but my car was almost empty, with 5kms of gas in it.  And I forgot my wallet at home.  And my phone charger and my phone is down to 3% Fml.

Or today, “omg, my in laws are coming to stay with us, I have SO much to get done! I won’t be able to get everything done before they get here.” *proceeds to spend the afternoon on the couch playing clash of clans and eating crispy minis* 

In my defence, my allergies are in insane today, so I’m completely stoned on antihistamines...and on doped up on prescription anti inflammatories because I did something that makes it hurt to breathe or move....but seriously...this is not how I should have spent the day :/ ...You know you have to go back home because of a package before going to your partner's house for the night.. so to 'hack' the situation, you don't take clothes with you to work. You successfully collect the package, but in the excitement of ZOMG BOX and patting yourself on the back that you completely forget the clothes. But! it's not a total loss because you forgot to take your bag out of the car from 2 days before when you spent the night. So you end up asking her to let you wash the clothes from 2 days ago while y'all go out like you were planning.  When while trying to let a dr know a generic of my medication was making way more spacey than usual I locked my keys in my car in their parking lot. when you accidentally mend a friends wound with orajel and a bandaid instead of neosporin because my mind is going a billion miles per minute Tried to google something while studying, accidentally spent 4 hours on Reddit. When you feel proud that you took only the stuff you need rather than all the back up stuff too and realize you need something in the back up stuff! I know I’ve already commented BUT when you think you’ve got dinner timed perfectly and when you are serving it up you realise you turned on the wrong burner and the vegetables that are meant to be nicely steamed are still cold and raw. Then burning the stuff in the oven while waiting for the steamed veggies to cook. Life guys, life!  ... when you zone-out all day long. ...when you rush to get to your therapy appointment \(running late, as always\), and don't remember your therapist is out of town that week and you don't even have an appointment until you're standing at the desk being reminded by the receptionist, then proceed to laugh loudly and awkwardly before leaving. Me last week. ... when you sleep through your alarm, wake up at 7:55 and realize you have your English final exam at 8:15.  ... When you're about to brush your teeth and your girlfriend points out you're holding your razor When you forget its mothers day ...when you lose your phone in a cafeteria because you put it on the food tray, and it almost got thrown away and/or washed (thank god the person I ate lunch with helped me find it...)

...when someone gives you $20 to pay for lunch and you lose the $20 somehow on the way to get it.

...when you forget to put water in easy mac and almost start a fire (this happened...I’m ashamed of it)

...when you are driving somewhere, realize you are going the WRONG direction on the freeway, so you get off to turn around, but get back on the freeway going the SAME direction, then do this twice before just giving up and going home because fuck it.

...when you are walking back to your hotel in an unfamiliar city and are using your phones GPS and STILL can’t navigate your way back.

...when your brain just stops working. You can’t formulate sentences. You can’t even get up to make food. So you just sit there and watch dumb shit on YouTube and wonder what’s wrong with you. searching the entire house, after my keys, even the fridge. only to find it in the bathroom on top of some cloth. getting late again, but had prepared everything else .....

finding out, that a party started at another address, because it's at another postal number. so not the same city.

taking my medicin twice because i couldn't remember i took it an hour ago too.

walking alone, only to find out i am lost, because i should have turned right or left road earlier, but did it at the wrong street....

getting paranoid in class, because i couldn't remember if i locked the door. ...when you walk down 6 steps with stuff to take to your garage and completely forget where you had to take the stuff That’s the biggest design flaw of those things. I need a tracker injected into my arm or something. LOL this is why I don’t cook!! Not kidding: I had completely forgotten about Mother's Day and reading this post promptly made me grab the phone and I was able to catch my mom before she went to bed.

Thank you!! 