Are you a "big picture" thinker? Have been wondering if this is an ADHD commonality, a benefit/advantage/trait of ADHD? 

Throughout my life, in college and in my career, I've been told over and over again that I excel at "big picture" thinking. And it's true. I find it easy to take the 20,000 foot view and see how all the interlocking pieces go together. To find patterns in the pieces. To map themes together. To analyze literature or business situations. To see the whole forest, not the trees. To have a strategic view, rather than tactical. 

However I am not detail-oriented. Tactics, trees, details never comes natural to me. I have taught myself to be more detail oriented (deliberately taking on tactical specialist roles to try to master those skills) but it's not my strength and it never will be. I will find it a chore to do such roles. 

I am married to a guy who is an administrator and he excels at the trees and the details. We complement each other very, very well. If we'd gotten together in our 20s, we may have driven each other crazy over our differences, but we married later and instead appreciate how we complement each other. 

For example, if we want to go on a vacation, I will strategize the where and when and why, then he will take the ball and execute on all the myriad of details for booking the trip. 

Another example, we will have fascinating discussions about politics, science, philosophy, etc. I will take the big picture view of the topic, musing about overall trends, and he will flesh out all the details - the facts and figures and history and trivia. The stuff I forget and need Wikipedia to remind me. 

Anyone relate?

 I'm either, but never both.

When I'm looking at the big picture I can't see the details, but when I'm meticulously perfecting the details I completely forget about what the big picture is about, or even that there WAS a big picture to begin with.

Kind of like focus on a camera. Absolutely describes me. I teach college writing and I am great at helping students develop their ideas, but I am terrible at grading papers---all those details to check.   Congrats on finding a complementary spouse!

I've always thought that all I need to achieve success in life is a dedicated and competent staff to carry out all my fantastic ideas.

I wrote about this issue here:

http://attentiondeficitwhatever.com/2013/09/14/writing-sporks/

Edit:  Having re-read my blog post, I am reminded I still haven't done my taxes for this year yet. . . . I've been thinking this was and ADD/ADHD trait to! I completely relate. Sometimes it's hard to discuss philosophy with others who don't see the big picture. For me this trait has kind if given me a sense of detachment in a way. Like I can almost remove my own personal self an think about how something would impact someone outside of me. I've described it before as living at a slower pace than others. Instead of receiving and reacting my mind drifts and thinks first. It's made me really good with coming up with metaphors to explain things, because I take the idea of a situation, generalize it, and reapply it to other aspects of life. It's like in constantly searching for 1 golden rule that dictates life. I guess we are opposits. I lose 'overview' a lot. I can't filter the huge amount of information in the world very well and I get lost in the woods, only seeing individual trees, but losing track of the full picture.

Therefor I am (unwillingly, though I don't mind at all) a very very detailed observer. More so than others. I will often observe and describe things and tiny details others haven't really paid attention to. However, even though I often lack overview, these things sometimes *do* lead to a better general overview. 
(ex: observing the details of someone's behavior makes you understand them better 'overall')  I love your story.  I consider myself a very big-picture-oriented individual.  The understanding I have of certain diseases and their etiologies allows me to make connections that many in the scientific community have not. [deleted] It's definitely me. That's why I often have really great ideas for improving workflows at my jobs that I've had. I see how everything fits together, what affects, etc, and I can then see the "pain points" and provide better ideas. It's also why I love sociology, which is a "big picture" look at human behavior.  For sure. That's why I'm a systems engineer :D 

But on the other hand I'm good at remembering random trivia and stuff, I dunno if that's really the same though. I'm more like your husband. There are real differences among individuals in the way you're describing, but it doesn't seem related to ADD. I'm a big picture person. I often struggle when I try and focus on the details and mess up the big picture AND the details. 

Crappy quick example: if someone asks me the time and I have to figure out the minutes (not that I find this hard) I will often tell them the minutes correctly but the hour will be three hours off or so because I was thinking so hard about the minutes... very embarrassing.

I also sent a text to my friend the other day asking her if she bought the textbook for class... except I didn't say what class (I think she's in 5 classes like me and 3/5 of ours are the same)... I do this a lot and really confuse people with it haha. Depends on what I'm doing. Sometimes both, sometimes one or the other, sometimes I'm just confused. For reference: I'm a software engineer and primarily do application architecture-related stuff. I am exactly like that. I am also very good at solving other's people problems because I see the whole picture from the outside but when it's my own problems, because I am in the midst of all the minutia, it's much much more difficult for me. same It's nice to see I'm not alone here I'm neither, but never both.  Yes, yes, and yes. I get too far into one mode at the expense of the other; I start swinging back the other direction to compensate, but lose it there.

I feel like a pendulum constantly swinging between those two extremes. I can't seem to effectively intermingle the two views effectively.  [deleted] I can go into a hyper focus mode, but usually it's focusing on completely silly things. I just get stuck. And I spin in circles -- nothing productive comes out of it. No action. Or, if it's something work-related I may be able to focus long enough to "master" it, but ask me a month later and I may forget all the details of it. Like taking tests in school; I can cram and memorize and ace the test, but I walk out of the test and it's all gone in minutes. 

I will remember JUST enough to know I can go look up something. "oh yeah, there's some guy who came up with some theory that's similar, I forget his name and the date and the details but I'm sure of it.. " My hubby gets a kick out of this because if I'm talking out loud, he'll usually be able to know what I mean, and he'll come up not only with the name, but the exact dates, and lots and lots of detail. We call him the walking Wikipedia. He remembers trivia he learned decades ago. I don't. I just remember the overall context and the upshot.  Multiple replies for you, heh…

I would get down on myself if I compared myself to him, I'd criticize myself for  being "bad at the follow through" if you know what I mean. But he never looks at it that way. He says if I didn't do what I do, he'd never get off his butt and we'd never travel anywhere, and our investments would just sit there sucking and desperately needing rebalancing. So in that way, we make a great team.

Another example: decorating. I chose the color scheme (I had a "vision"), and he did all the painting. If it was up to him, we'd have beautifully painted walls, but they'd all be white. If it was left to me, I'd have this vision still in my head, and the walls would go unpainted for years. I can't even motivate myself long enough to all in a contractor to get a quote for painting.  Sure. Plan & Meticulous don't necessarily go together, far as I'm concerned. Ha.

Travel example:

I will take the "big picture" approach and brainstorm a bunch of different travel ideas, as well as best time to travel, and I can get creative about our options. I paint a picture for me and the hubby. It's more like a rough sketch, a drawing, an idea. I will map out advantages and disadvantages of each potential option, but that's as far as I might go with details. I will do research about places to go, but it only goes so far. 

Then once we decide on one of these options, the hubby jumps in to do his thing. He will get very meticulous shopping around for best travel deal, which airline, what day and time, compare prices. If I've mapped out that we should stay in a rental instead of a hotel (because I've got a rough idea that will be cheaper) he will do all the leg work contacting rentals and comparing and then booking. He will also book a taxi to pick us up and a car rental. 

I will have researched and clipped a bunch of activities to do in the destination, but he'll be the one to dive into much more detail, and figure out what is best to do on what day, how far things are, how much each activity costs, and what our budget is down to the last penny. I might say "look I think we can afford $X for the entire trip" but he'll dive into detail and create a budget that fits into that $ amount. 

He'll also think of all the little things, like turning down our thermostat, stopping our mail delivery, asking neighbors to water plants, and checking to make sure our passports are current. All the nitty-gritty stuff. Including remembering to pack sominex, because I tend to get thrown off my sleep schedule on long flights to different time zones. He often surprises and delights me because he's thought everything out really well, down to the last tiny detail, things I'd never have thought about. If I am traveling on my own, I'm more of a "seat of the pants" type traveler and just wing it. 

Does that help?  Another example: finances. I am great at the long-term, big picture planning for that. Where we should invest. Asset allocation. How aggressively. Portfolio balancing. For this reason, I handle all the conversations with our financial planner. He hates that stuff. 

Whereas he's fantastic at the day-to-day budgeting and paying the bills. And finding bargains, comparing prices.  Anything that is in our checking account, vs savings account. I suck at that part. MAJOR suck. I forget to pay bills all the time. 

 Yeah analogies is probably a better word for it than metaphors. Thanks!  Yeah, I have that same thing, but to me that happens when I read books and watch movies. I can't remember a thing. ;) It feels incredibly stupid to have your friends talk about a book they loved and only being able to agree that you loved it, but smile like a goat during the rest of the conversation because you can't join in on the details *at all* even though you just proclaimed you absolutely *adored that book*, haha. 

For other things in life though I am detailed. But not entirely like your husband. I don't do these things on purpose or *try* to memorize them. It just happens. It floods my mind and I can't filter it out, making me lose overview. It gets me very confused an unfocused all the time, but the upside is that I automatically remember a lot of tiny stuff too. ;) Having someone like your husband around sounds like a godsend. :D Yes yes yes that is me, I HATE numbers, dates, times, all of that. I just want to know that I'm going to discover this on this day, then see friends this day, get drunk this night etc. Very interesting!


 Also as a response to Projotce, indeed, your partner sounds great for you. :D Funny thing is, my partner is also my opposite, he is generally someone who sees the big picture like you. And even though I am like you in the book and movie section of life (haha), he is more like your husband for those specific things. ;)

We all have personal ways of processing information. I personally believe that maybe my 'detailed view' and you 'being better at seeing the big picture' may not necessarily be an ADHD trait. *But*, I think the underlying ADHD trait in this may be the fact that we just are not easily able to switch from detail to big picture and vice versa. 