Not sure how you lose an allen wrench in the middle of assembling your new ikea bed... But I just managed to do that. It is gone within the 400 square foot abyss. How's your move in day going? stand up, tell the implings/baby angels/sprites/house elves..that you are going to get a drink and would like the tool back when you return.

then leave for a few minutes.

I swear to dog this has worked for me so many times (usually with keys or glasses).
 Omg this. I lose my pen my post its my stapler on my desk a billion times a day. Committing to be mindful and fix this NOW. I’m doing reasonably well with the “launch pad” (keys, wallet, phone by the door) I need to come up with such a solution for items “currently in use”. Let’s try it! You know that thing where when [you walk through a doorway you forget whatever was on your mind](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/why-walking-through-doorway-makes-you-forget/)?

Yesterday I had to assemble a thing in a room from parts in another room.  Each time I needed a new part, I had to pass through **two** doorways to get to the part, then carry it back through two doorways to add it to the thing.

That was a special kind of ADHD hell. 

* Read the instructions.  Says you need Part H, 4 M8x77mm nuts, 4 M8 bolts.
* Walk through two doorways.
* Oh man.  What was it again??

Felt like my brain was being scrambled.  And this is *with* medication. I do that all the time, just recently with a measuring scoop for my fish's food. GONE. Just, *poof* Luckily I have so many Allen wrenches from years of buying IKEA furniture that I can usually find one.  And much much later, get surprised at where the others turn up.

Tip - get a bowl. Put ALL the screws and other hardware in it when you're assembling furniture.  Put the screwdriver and Allen wrenches in it too. When you're not using them.  Make it a nice bright bowl.  Try not to knock over said bowl.  I never lose my keys, wallet, phone or glasses. But I can lose a wrench in my car’s engine bay every single time I put it down. Every. Single. Time.  The TIMECRAFTERS!!! I don’t believe in much, but I believe wholeheartedly in this.

I’ve never seen it, but once, a long time ago, some relative told me about (or I made up in my head) an episode of the twilight zone about the timecrafters. These microscopic artisans make all objects in the world every second. But, occasionally, they’ll forget something. When they forget something and you turn to look for it, even if it were there moments previously, it will be gone (because it literally does not exist in this moment because the timecrafters forgot it). 

If you’ll ask the question, “where on earth did I put that thing‽” etc., there’s a fair chance they’ll hear you and put it back in the next moment.  