A moment of silence for all of the food I've thawed and never cooked Gone, but not remembered.

o7 A moment of silence as the whole of the r/ADHD subreddit go look at their fridge. 

80% of them getting distracted on the way.   I let an entire unopened pack of chicken breasts expire three weeks ago and I am *still* sad about it A moment of silence for every fresh vegetable or fruit ever bought by an adhd person 😂 oh god, this reminds me i have had pork chops in my fridge for over a week now... uncooked... i dont want to deal with that smell, let alone cleaning hte mess....  LOL i thought that was just me and not adhd related at all! seems like i was wrong I thought I was so clever, putting a little chalkboard sticky paper near my pantry, so I could write down what food I have, and then draw a line through it as I use it up.

&nbsp;

A system only works if you use it.....according to the 5\-month old eggs in my fridge. Dear Slimy Chicken, 

Thank you for being willing to be eaten. You would have been delicious. Unfortunately, I just got a bit... distracted. And overwhelmed thinking about the effort it would have taken to cook you. 

Thanks anyways, 

Brain Every week I learn that a regular occurrence in my behavior can be explained by ADHD.

I have spent my entire life hating myself because of my laziness. And while I most definitely am lazy, it seems that a bog part of it is not even really my fault. I can't even use the freezer except for tv dinners.  If I try to freeze meat to use later, it never works.  Either I forget about it forever, and discover it freezer\-burned three years later, or I have a burst of energy and inspiration, and I put it in the fridge to thaw.  And then it stays out way too long, and I have to throw it away.

The timing of thawing something in order to prepare it for a meal later just escapes me. I took a roast out of the deep freeze in the basement and put it on top of the freezer thinking that I would bring it upstairs and put it in the fridge when I was done downstairs. Fast forward 3 or 4 days and roast was still sitting out. Thankfully I had it in a good ziplock freezer bag and there was no mess or smell. It was probably a $15 or $20 chunk of meat.  Reading through these I relate so hard. I can't count how many times I got in trouble for stuff like this when I was younger and my parents just couldn't understand "what was wrong with me" that I'd forget about food and have gross containers throughout my backpack and locker and wherever else. To this day my mom refuses to admit that I even might have adhd, but at least now I feel vindicated. F?

This is why I don't plan ahead, because when I plan ahead I'm putting more at risk if I don't follow through. Threw away two big ole chicken breasts yesterday. RIP.  Omg, I thought I was the only one lol. What about the laundry we forget to take out of the washer, only to remember the next day.  I let SO MUCH FOOD go bad in the microwave.  I made edamame or tea and just leave it in there, forever.

Popcorn I'll just eat cold, but day-old veggies or tea has to go. And all the vegetables I bought with good intentions that went bad in my fridge before I remembered to cook them. ... this made me laugh. 

r/showerthoughts The food that I brought home in my courier bag(chicken and fish) and forgot for two days. Luckily it was still in the plastic bags, and the courier bag was rubberized so clean up and deodorization was easy. I just feel really attacked right now.  This is the most relatable thing I’ve seen today.  

And I thought my problem was the picky eaters I live with & not the adhd. I also forget about leftovers from restaurants in my car. I don’t think about them until a few days later. Only because I open my 10million degree car and the smell hits me right in the face.  After not having a working stove or electric appliance to cook on for 3 months I finally moved into a not shitty apartment and took out some ground turkey to make burgers with... It's thawing on the stove top while I go run errands and then go to the pool to relax. Remind me not to forget you, turkey meat :/

Edit: I think I only remembered because I came back hungry af. Made spicy turkey burgers 👌🏼 Thanks for the reminder: I have to clean out my freezer from all the meats I’ve never managed to put out to thaw. 

How many years can this stuff stay frozen? (Asking for a friend) And all the tea's I've forgotten about  And to all the frozen food that’s still the freezer that needs to be thawed before dinner but sits forgotten because it requires planning to have it for dinner. Everytime I start to wonder if I really have ADHD I see one of these threads. well i kept a pack of chicken breasts out to thaw and my mom knew that i wouldn't end up cooking it so literally a few minutes later she keeps it back and it was kinda hilarious to me  There's an entire untouched salad sitting on my bookshelf at home right now. I was headed to the fridge but left the house to get something to eat instead.  Found Sunday’s defrosting sausages in the microwave today . 🙌 I'm a cook and this is a massive problem for me! I have ideas of stuff to cook all the time so I go buy more food forgetting I already planned something to eat today. I then say I'll just cook it tomorrow, forgetting I did the same thing yesterday... Ah, thought I was the only one. Throwing out 15 dollars’ worth of chicken makes me so ashamed I can’t even put it into words, but I do it at least twice a month.  {-}7 I do this, but with leftovers. I found a tupperware with some pasta spinach chorizo dish i made like 2 months ago at the back of my fridge and it was basically alive. So gross. So so gross.  I'm thawing chicken right now. Wish it (and me) luck! Amen Thanks for reminding me of the roast thawing on my windowsill. Reminds me of the coffee I brew in the morning and then leave heating in the machine until all water is gone and now I have to clean the machine and I get no coffee and I'm tired and grumpy because I have no coffee but I can't make more because arhg. So much food

I would also like to pay my respects to the old boot liner in my first car. Milk + boot + all day in 40c heat = new carpets Not to mention all the forgotten microwaved food that I find the next day. 

 F And all the leftovers forgotten in the back of the fridge Fuck us right F I love this sub so much. You all just get me. And I just get you.  For a while, my wife had a tumblr called "Shit I found in the microwave: Living with an ADHD spouse" You can save meat for a long time after defrosting. In the fridge,three days later it is still edible. Even 4 days. it may start to discolor somewhat, like minced meat and chicken starts to harden a bit. Still edible. Just cook it well through, no problem.

It takes 400 liters of water (1 gallon is 4,1 liters) for one kilogram of meat. Never throw away meat too easily. Wait, what's 'silence'? Yesterday I had a toast left over from dinner. Real nice toast with sausage and cheeze... I was really happy I was going to eat it.

Even after I smelt it I didn't figure it out... thought it was my feet smelling weird after working the garden. (e: I should add, I had my socked feet on the desk.)

Nope. Left it on the stove. Dawned on me when I was halfway down the stairs. Haha this. Yes.  May they rest in peas  Oh god yes Seriously!!!!  So many plans for this and that.  My SO gets on to me about the waste which has toned it down in the last yr or so.  Story. Of. My. Life.  This is why I will buy a fridge with clear drawers when I buy a house 🤦🏻‍♀️ I'm glad that I have a small fridge, because it's harder for me to lose track of what's in there. Plus since it's so small I have to regularly clear things out to make sure there's room for all the new foods that I'm probably going to forget about/not want to cook later. [thumbs-up] May it rest in peace with mine.  :(  My problem is I forget to unthaw things so I have to cut frozen meat. I did this with salmon. Bought two weeks ago, sat in the grocery store bag in the fridge for a week. I found it again the day before expiration. Something told me that it wasn’t safe for human consumption. It didn’t smell bad or look off, but I wasn’t chancing it. I cooked it up and gave it to my dogs and hens. They all seemed very pleased.  Yep. This.  My fridge *still* smells from chicken I allowed to go bad. And that was like 2 months ago lolsob.

RIPMe Happens to me a lot too  Omg. I thought this only happened to me...*sigh of relief* Oh shit, I forgot I have a bunch of chicken I need to freeze. Thanks OP My problem is cooking a whole roast chicken, having a leg for dinner, then promptly forgetting the rest until it rots I no longer use any raw meat when cooking for this very reason. I don't really cook, actually. I buy pre\-cooked & chilled meat like chicken breast, lamb, salmon etc in small quantities. No more than two servings at a time. Bake 'em in the toaster oven with some veggies and that's dinner. 

Not only is this way less effort, it's also nice to know I don't have to worry about salmonella and listeria and stuff (in general, that is).

The downside is it's more expensive. BUT! How much money have I wasted on food I've thrown away? Don't get me started on the packs of raw chicken breasts that sat in my fridge and funked up my kitchen and filled me with shame.

Once you go pre\-cooked you'll never... get rooked? (working on it)

If you can't remember when you've thawed, you shouldn't buy raw. (not bad)

Buy raw. Freeze and let thaw. Ah, naw. (i'm tired) Dude wtf? Since finding this sub I've been totally blown away by how much of my behavior might not be considered normal. It's shocking to me to discover just how fucking scatter-brained I am. It's been a long while since I've seen anybody write "o7" Omg all the money I’ve wasted on my food budget by not cooking what I’ve thawed or bought T.T Get an Instant Pot!!! (Electric pressure cooker, NOT a slow cooker). You can cook frozen meat in it fairly quickly without having to defrost, and there are thousands of recipes online due to the cult following. 

There’s a bit of a learning curve but now I don’t have to mess about with planning to defrost. Perfect for ADHD-ers!

 How about all the stuff I bought because I got in to a new hobby that now lies abandoned? I have wasted more by never getting it into freezer in the first place after trip to store.  Find the thawed meat, covered in melted ice cream in a bag on the floor right beside the fridge or in the car hours after I went shopping. 

Get a clear fridge bin, find a permanent spot in the fridge near eye level.  The bin should always stay there and things to thaw should always go into bin only.  Every time you open fridge you should see those high dollar items that you absolutely don't want to waste.  And if it's ground meat that you don't get to in time, pop it back in freezer and try again another day.  Using a bin lined with paper towels also makes for easier cleanup. Ouch. Too real. Or the food I've cooked in the microwave and forgot about only to find it a day later.  I just did this  Or, you already put in and oven/microwave but forgot about it until you smell of rotten chicken.  Vale. All the tea I let go cold. The crockpot is my best friend. I would also like to remember all of the cups of coffee that sat forlornly on my kitchen counter and entry hall table, cooling throughout the day while I was at work, only to be dumped out into the sink that evening, purpose unfulfilled.  Or all the stuff I bought an never ate. Last time I cleared out the stuff, it was 3mo past expiration.

TBF, I have stomach issues and get optimistic when I buy some stuff. But still. I just attempt to apply heat and eat anyway.

Still cold? Eh. I'm already eating it anyway.

Food safety? Eh it'll be okay. I have fish in my fridge thats been there for 2 weeks... I keep forgetting to throw it out whenever I get food  Oh thank god, it’s not only me I once bought an entire grass-fed tri-tip to take with me on a cottage weekend. Had it vacuum sealed, inside a cooler bag with plenty ice packs. Ready to roll.

It wasn’t until we were two hours away that I realized I had left the cooler bag on my living room floor. There were enough ice packs to keep it cool for our trip up, but there were not enough ice packs to keep it cool in our apartment without A/C in July by the time we got back on Monday. 

F

 And for all the food I've cooked and then had to throw away because I forgot to put the leftovers in the fridge. amen. Recently cleaned out my full fridge. All that was left were a tomato, mustard, light and despair...

Just had to toss out two avocados (~2$ each where I live). I really hate this because I'm pretty poor. Never ocurred to me as an ADHD thing but my diagnosis was just a few months ago. I can't count the number of times I forgot about the defrosted food but had dinner plans so couldn't eat that night but it was time so 40 minutes in the oven and my dog is thrilled! It's gotten to the point that he thinks all chicken cooked is for him Shit, I forgot to take dinner out of the freezer.  I did this with ice cream over night. Put it on the counter, eat it, and put the bowl in the sink. Forget to put it back in the freezer and get a mess in the morning.  A moment of silence for all the reheated leftovers forgotten in the microwave. Bad smell in my fridge...investigation revealed two moldy, half-liquified cucumbers in a produce drawer. If I can't see it, it doesn't exist.

On a related note, I should probably take a moment of silence for all the food I bought that I intended to eat/cook/freeze but don't manage to before it goes bad. I try not to think of how much money and food I've wasted over the years... WTF was I thinking, buying a bag of flax seed? I laughcried 4 real Holy shite... am glad am not alone! RIP, chicken breast... I'm sorry to all the chickens whose lives I've completely wasted :( Or all the fresh food that I bought and went bad waiting for me to remember to cook it Yesterday I unwrapped a left-over cinnamon roll and then left it out on the kitchen counter and went back to my room for 2 1/2 hours 🙄 Can confirm, was on my way to the fridge ironically to cook some meat I pulled out and I have now been on reddit for 2 hours. Maybe I'll get to it before it goes bad...maybe Wait...why am I at the fridge again?  Jokes aside, I was gonna clean out the fridge tonight. Thanks for the reminder, comrades. I threw out 4 opened and half used tins of coconut milk the other day (amongst other things, it just seemed particularly dumb that I had to throw out 4 half empty vessels of the same thing) I keep going to make cupcakes, then doing something else unrelated, and then looking at Reddit when I get distracted from my distractions.  Had to throw out 7 pounds of chicken the other day, I can't trust myself anymore so I'm buying that pre\-frozen tyson stuff I will end of microwaving a cup of coffee before checking the fridge, remember I forgot to turn off the dryer, turn said dryer off, then go run an errand, forgetting my now cold coffee.  I currently have a leftover thing of mashed potatoes from Easter on my counter.

I know I need to throw it out. I totally forgot I set it out yesterday, and when I saw it today I was just like, "Hey, I'll get that later."

Now that I'm typing about it, I'll probably feel ashamed enough to go do it immediately, haha. But otherwise, I'd keep forgetting/getting distracted (-_-;) Found my phone!  wow, me too! Exactly 3 weeks ago mine expired 2 weeks ago and they're still in the fridge.... oops My rule of thumb with meat is that it goes in the freezer or gets cooked *immediately* to save myself from throwing away smelly rancid meat. Now veggies, those suckers will sit in my fridge for a while getting nasty but at least they don't smell like meat does! Every time I open the fridge I tell myself I'm going to take the chicken & sort it so that some of it will go in the freezer.


It's been appx 2 weeks. The amount of times ive done this is staggering  Yo dude, me too!!! Exact same situation a week ago I laughed at this harder than I should.  Fruits and veggies leave the store to come and die in my fridge.   I have strawberries in the fridge... I meant to feed them to the kids this weekend the kids are back with my ex... I'll eat them...eventually.... Thank you for reminding me that the trash goes out tomorrow night, which means I should clean the fridge tonight.  I definitely thawed some really good home-cooked soup I then neglected to eat.  *sigh*

The expense is bad enough, but anything with meat in it makes me sad for what I've wastefully done to the planet. That's why I use disposable Tupperware. Then I can just throw the whole thing in the trash. No smell or grossness. One of the reasons I became vegetarian, seriously:) This is more my problem. Instead of spoiling on the counter it all spoils in the fridge. Although in my case I know there's anxiety involved too. oh shit I left my lunchbox at work It is absolutely ADHD.  Out of sight, out of mind.  Once it's out of my hand it might as well be lost forever. My favorite game to play is "Microwave Surprise". I'll suddenly feel like I'm starving, realize I forgot to eat a meal or two, go to throw something in the microwave, and discover that I've already gone through these motions a few hours ago and have a cold, sad, once-frozen meal sitting in there. I've lost 3 pot pies in one day. That is my one real gripe with systems.   I’ve had so many versions of this.  I’ll put together a chart and find it a few months later in my box
Of papers to sort. 

I have found that a wipe off board on the fridge and one in the bathroom cupboard plus my planner help me know what things I need to get at the store.  So far it’s been decent - I will write down what’s on the boards if I’ve got it together, but usually I end up snapping a picture of the fridge board before running out the door.  No thinking required.  I let myself worry about what I’m getting when I open up the pic when I get to the store. I once felt bad buying a whole baby chicken, which eventually went bad in my freezer.  Poor thing died in vain.  RIP, Chicken Little (named by my daughter). You were a good little frozen friend.  Hahahaha, I really appreciate this comment, because when I first discovered ADHD and that I probably had it, I went through the whole self-hating "BUT MAYBE I'M ACTUALLY JUST LAZY AND WORTHLESS AND IT'S NOT ADHD" and then I realised, hey, why not both?  I've been thinking the exact same thing reading through this thread. Have you tried putting it in the sink in cool/warm-ish water? That’s how we do it because we never remember ahead of time. It’s much faster than the fridge, and doesn’t do weird things to it like thawing in the microwave.  Usually any time I cook it’s pretty impromptu, so when I buy chicken or beef and the excess goes in the freezer, it’s basically a lost cause.  Me prepare for a meal a day in advance and take meat out of the freezer? Yea no I’ll just go buy some ready to cook.  Haha That's all the laundry. The mildew smell...and having to run them again, wasting water. :( We moved and our new microwave beeps again if you don’t open it to retrieve your food. It’s so handy. When I don’t ignore it 😂😭 I thought I was the only one who left food in the microwave. The alarm will go off and ill turn it off to let it cool. I then forget about it and let it cool for a lot longer than I wanted. Typically until one of my roommates wants to use the microwave.  I couldn't even guess how many times I've let food "cool" in the microwave to protect it from my thieving cat, only to find it a day (or more) later. RIP, random pasta dishes and pizza slices. I started buying frozen veggies (sob) for this very reason. Came here to say this. ... . Hey... Don't forget your turkey.  Eat me! 
-turkey Depends on the packaging and what kinda meat. If it's just wrapped up in butcher paper then it gets freezer burned and turns brown pretty quickly. Vacuum sealed stuff lasts longer, but fish doesn't seem to last as long as other meat. Whole cuts last longer than ground meat.  Get out of my head!!! My home coffeepot automatically switches off after a period of time. The one I had at my old workplace however.....

Oh dear the amount of times my boss would chide me abot leaving it on all night & me having to scrub the hell out of the burnt bottom of the carafe. My partner says “unthaw” too, and I love it! Not all heroes wear capes *Glances at dead unpotted plants in the corner* Oh damn. Mosaics, crochet, watercolor painting, guitar, need I go on?
The solution for me has been to not beat myself up about it, and just give stuff away to people who may use it. Pshh, speak for yourself. I use my $10 playing cards, $7 playing cards, $200 worth of sensors and microcontrollers, Linux install taking up 1/2 my storage space, running-only shoes,  DnD starter set, vegan cookbook(s), origami folding paper, raquetball racket, fishing equipment, random nonfiction books, guide to Photoshop, FE Review Manual, and my Scribd subscription everyday.  Ugh this is me 😒 I buy all this food with the intention of cooking it when I get home annnnnnndddd it never happens  I’m sorry to laugh at your misfortune, but I promise I’m laughing with you, not at you. Eh or you could just leave it on a plate in the fridge like I’ve done with mine. I’m sure it’s fine it’s only been 1.5 weeks  It will take like a day or two to go bad at room temperature, you're fine. I'm new to r/ADHD... I've found my people :') and then get distracted again with the realization that yesterday you put the ice cream in the fridge instead of the freezer again.  Good for you. Nothing feels better than opening up a clean fridge full of food you know probably won't give you botulism. Mine just got cleaned Sunday night, thanks to Adderall.  It had gotten funky!  I started buying only frozen veggies aand mostly frozen meat because I threw so much out. Ground meat freezes well!  That's what I do! It works pretty well and it doesn't take too long to cook.

The only issue is remembering I have it XD F The mushrooms I bought to go with the chicken may or may not have been forgotten, unopened in the fridge...

:( Tbh I just buy frozen now 😂 Apparently fresh produce starts to lose its nutrients after you cut it but with frozen they freeze them right after harvesting. The only fresh stuff I really have is my Hello Fresh box but even some of those meals have gone bad thanks to ADHD 😬 It’s terribly boring and hard to get through, but if you clean and cut them up all in one go, I find it much easier to actually eat them because later when I am hungry there is no prep.  I think mine is still in the grocery bag....  The ADHD in me thinks that's a great idea. The conservationist in me is screaming. I don't know what to do any more... I use plastic Ziploc bags. I am too cheap to dispose of disposable Tupperware. A moment of silence for the actual Pyrex bowls I’ve had to discard in this manner.  Also, the Corning Ware French white container that had something burn in it when I forgot it in the oven.  It was placed in the back yard to air out, and there it stayed for three years. Me too! Disposable Tupperware is great. My girlfriend always wants to clean them.  I throw out and by a new one.  It’s the small luxuries.   Samesies! I completely considered becoming vegetarian for exactly the reason of meat thawing and prep ... but then there was the matter of chopping anyway. Doctor's orders (seriously) eat more protein boiled egg in the morning and meat at lunch to help with the afternoon crash Lol those pork chops lasted two weeks of n the fridge before I needed the space and actually removed them “Out of sight, out of mind” is like the tag line for my life lol  
I actually can’t use the veggie drawers in the fridge because that is ‘too hidden’ and it will most likely not be removed until liquified...  I've found that with food, too. Also earlier today I cut something out for a craft and set it down to take a sip of my coffee (which was o the table and not the desk I was working at). It took me like 15 minutes to find the damn thing when I got back to my desk. Which is why all my tools at work are now spray-painted purple. I'm working with the guy who leaves everything around too right now, and it's utter chaos on a whole other level Awesome suggestion! I do this all the time when I get those bursts of inspiration to cook.

Quick tip for those about to attempt this: Do not use hot water to defrost this way. It may sound like a good idea, but it makes your thawing meat a hot spot for bacteria growth. Instead, use lukewarm or cool water as this limits the growth of bacteria as the meat thaws.

Source: I work behind a meat counter. And you forgot, running the load again, and again, and again, just one more time before we remember to move it to the dryer. But not without first doing the sniff test to see if it might be okay to move over, MAYBE with a scented dryer sheet.  I feel this so hard. The beeping is just annoying enough that I don't ignore it and actually remember my food. Or I stand in front of it and watch the damn thing cook.

I still forget sometimes tho See I’m WAY too impatient to let it cool so I just masochistically eat it and burn the shit out of my mouth  The trick is to at least leave the microwave door open when something is cooling. If the normal state of the microwave is "door closed", then you're more likely to notice the microwave when the door is open because something is out of place. ... .. Oh I can laugh about it now. 

I got it from an acquaintance’s butcher shop - he came into the place I worked daily and we had a good rapport.  The tri-tip was his recommendation as an underrated cut. The next time I saw him he asked excitedly “so, what’d you think?” And when I told him what happened he had this look of bewilderment on his face, like I had just told him I was vegan.  I hate that with hamburger since it goes bad relatively quickly.  /r/highmeat Ehh, I usually leave it in my fridge for up to 4 days. I'm a strong supporter of if it doesn't smell or taste bad, it's probably ok. I eat leftovers for probably 2 weeks after I make them and I have never gotten sick from it 💁 ....Shit.... If freezers didn't exist, I'd be fucked. Freezers and microwaves are the appliance-gods of the ADHD person. This is literally the only way my food doesn't go bad. Grocery shopping includes cutting up all fruits (when I remember to do it, which is a whole different struggle) At least you don't have to clean the bowl. I have seriously thought about just buying a new bowl. I always get the Tupperware because it's reusable.

It only ever gets one use before it hits the trash.  My crock pot died that way. Overnight oatmeal sticks. Veggies go bad as well... I only buy frozen now unless I'm actually making something that requires fresh veg. The only ones I keep around are onions and potatoes. Because they stay good for a decently long time.  I just found eggs with a best before date of February in my fridge :(

 I had issues with anaemia even before becoming vegetarian. Supplements.     
Eggs are yummy.   I am not vegan.  

Maybe go to a dietitian.?  
I found one who will work with me as a  person based on my lack of routine and lack of organisation, and what I like. I could get advice about eating from a web page, what I needed was practical  steps and deep knowledge.  I was going to suggest almonds for the afternoon but seriously, a dietitian can be awesome once you find the right one (tell them no hand outs of information sheets or diets lists:> ) .   Me too! Right now I do whey for breakfast, pea & brown rice protein for lunch, and beans, edamame, quinoa, or meat for dinner. I hardly have room to fit the veggies back in.

Iron supplements were brutal to my innards, but now that my girl parts are too medicated to bleed me dry, I only have to take a kid’s multi vitamin with iron.

I’m trying to waste less meat as a first step.  reading that there's a whole group of people who experience the "laziness" I've had my entire life is really exciting. Liquefied veggies are my existence.  Out of sight out of mind being the tag line for your life is like the tag line for my life. I finally moved into a place that has a fridge with clear plastic veggie drawers!  My dream!  I could never allow myself to use the drawers before.  I think I actually took out the opaque drawers once because they were a waste of space! :) I just bought a new fridge and the best thing about it, clear drawers!! Out of sight, out of mind works great with cookies and treats but veggies and meats tend to be the most hurt by it. The fruit veggie drawers, oh god. My husband will buy some really good fruit, and a week later asks why I haven't had any yet and I'm like huh, where is it? Oh right those drawers exist. Why did he put them there unless he wanted them all to himself? I think that's secretly his motivation. Please don’t remind me of this ridiculous laundry dance I do too regularly. And yes, always a sniff test plus the scented dryer sheet.....maybe a couple in case.  ... ... Good for you for telling the truth! I probably would have lied and said, “Best thing I ever tasted.” Update forgot about the hamburger until I saw this response in my inbox -_- Haha this reply made my day Or if you feel like doing it at the time. If I don't cut them up immediately it doesn't happen.  Hmmm!! This is an interesting idea... Maybe I should do that with all my fruit and veg. I have slowly replaced my 40$ dinner set for 4 with look-a-likes from dollarama...  I have done this with multiple bowls/sets of tupperware/a trash can/and a vacuum.

Just recently diagnosed and still not quite believing it, but moreso now.  This. Jesus Christ I was never so sure of my diagnosis until this moment.

The literal "You know you have ADHD when..." at least you found them, last time i went to make eggs, I cracked one into a hot pan.... almost threw up, they expired 4 months earlier...  That happened to me a week ago when I cleaned out the fridge after going food shopping. That best before thing is only a suggestion. Don’t worry about it. I actually have an apt with an endocrinologist next month to help me lose weight, the apt was made before my diagnosis so I'll skip the weight loss drugs and ask to speak with her diatician for sure Does this dietician have friends in Indiana who will help me for the 33 cents I just dug out of my couch?

Gaining weight was an issue for me before meds, meds paradoxically have helped me keep on weight and even add maybe a pound, but I still don't have the stomach to increase portion sizes, discipline to eat more often, wallet to be more selective, or taste for sweets.  > will work with me as a person based on my lack of routine and lack of organisation, and what I like.

Sounds like a fairy god-mother. Where can I find one? Well my only problem with girl parts are the lack of access to them since my divorce, my diet has however been exceptionally poor and I'm working on it for sure,.. which reminds me... I need to do groceries and bring sausages to work for the bbq potlock on Thursday. But I'll have to clean my fridge first. And I'm in bed now so that potentially rancid pork chops will have to wait another 1-3 days when I remember again If constipation was your issue with iron, (went a WEEK without pooping, was m-i-s-e-r-y!) try a non-constpating formula made with vegetable oil.  They're soft capsules.  So much broccoli bought with the best intentions, only to be forgotten about while I eat chips for dinner instead. ... ... . brilliant!:) not sure, as i understand it the endocrinologist visit is covered by canadian ohip, a diatician is not, but my benefits cover a couple hundred bucks of the cost (so maybe a half dozen apts)

re: move to canada, were awesome and dont have Trump Well if you are South Australian ask your doctor for a referral to one at a GP plus centre. Likely to be free.

I found mine  by personal recommendation. I did try quite few before hand.

I was able to be really clear about not being  organised etc:)

A friend's hubby had to try  four before he go the one that worked well with him.  He just went to a local place and eventually tried everyone they had there:) ... ... ..
... ... ... Ooooh dear lord do I want to be in Canada! Trudeau seems like a pretty reasonable fella (:

But real talk, I second-guessed what this was in response to because I had a post just blow up about how fiancé and I seriously considered moving to New Zealand as a five-year plan. Only reason we set the Canada plan to the side is because the visas are hard to come by because politics.

He's got the education to be a mechanic, but no shop will pay him a liveable wage while he gets his two years in-shop experience to actually be certified. NZ on the other hand has his exact situation listed as a "please live here now" level of visa...

Nobody particularly needs a t-shirt screen printer with a graphic design degree, though.  ... ! check again, I do remember trudeau literally saying "all those people saying they are moving to Canada if trump is elected are welcome" actually 2/3rds of refugees that illegally cross the board, spend 1 night in jail, then get set up with temporary housing and sponsors to help them get their visas  Will do, then! We'd seen that shortly after the election there were some visa restrictions introduced, but I haven't heard anything since. 