LPT: Turn your laundry basket upside down I'll make this quick: if you realize you have a problem with remembering to do something, all you have to do is leave something that's normally neat in a state of mild disarray. Your perfectionist nature will notice it immediately and associate it with whatever task that you intend to remember.

Case in point: I had an issue with putting laundry in the machine and forgetting about it for days until it stunk and I had to wash it again, so I started turning my empty laundry basket upside down. The first thing my only fractionally conscious mind would notice as I'd wake up is, well that's odd, why's the laundry basket like that? That can't be right. Not only did it make me remember to switch out the laundry, but it also gave me an extra little push out of bed. So I thought I'd share. [deleted] > normally neat

Does not compute.

My perfectionist side was bludgeoned into submission by my distracted and unmotivated side decades ago. But if I put my laundry basket upside down, all the clean clothes fall to the ground. Yes! Thanks for the reminder! Ive probably got clothes in there that don't even fit me anymore! My laundry basket is probably one of the few things that isn’t in a mild state of disarray.  you assume i have a perfectionist nature For those who aren't perfectionists, here's a restated version of the underlying concept:  
  
**LPT: You can remind yourself of tasks by placing related objects in conspicuous locations/orientations.**  
  
Are you too oblivious to notice an upturned laundry bin? No problem. Put that fucker right in the doorway -- pretty hard to forget when you have to hurdle over it to get out.  
  
With a little creativity you can make a similar obstruction out of pretty much anything. Just find a way to put the object between you and where you're going / what you're doing when you need to be reminded.  
  
Need to do something before bed? Put it on the bed or cram it into your pillowcase. Have to remember to bring something with you when you leave? Put it in a bag and hang it from the doorknob. The possibilities are endless.   Whoa, you have your own washer/dryer? Lucky! I live in an apartment and I have to walk down the stairs and around the corner and into another building to lug my laundry into the washer. ugh! Laundry is the worst!! This one works for me but it's less about creating a mess (it's already a mess). If I dump a few clothes in an obvious and unusual place like in a doorway or something it usually helps me remember.  Love it! I do that if I have a good idea/suddenly remember something when I'm about to go to sleep and I don't feel like getting up.

>Oh I should totally research [x] tomorrow for that side project I've been thinking about! ....let me throw this extra pillow at my closet door so I remember... finding solace in :

 "issue with putting laundry in the machine and forgetting about it for days until it stunk and I had to wash it again"

:|

&#x200B; I find that putting things one step closer to where they need to go helps.

So put my full laundry basket next to the washing machine.  One step, easy to do and forget about.

Then when I'm next going past, I see the basket next to the washing machine and I can put the laundry in and set it going. Ok so i did this, instead of laundry of course: 

- it took me 2 hrs ish because i had to take photos and filter them to match
- i ran out of printer ink 
- i printed on polaroid sticker printer 
- i had to paint a frame 
- etc 

[laundry aide](https://imgur.com/gallery/z3hISSX) 

Tl; dr things are hard make them fun!  Haha I can relate, my washer/dryer is in a narrow hallway leading to my room.  I put my basket in the middle of the hallway next to the washer and dryer so I don’t forget my stuff is in there.  

My roommates might get annoyed with jumping over my basket, but at least it helps me remember to move my stuff so they don’t have to when I forget about it! and then just pile your dirty clothes on top of the upsidedown basket and then forget you've been doing that until you see it again and then forget >My perfectionist side was bludgeoned into submission by my distracted and unmotivated side decades ago.

seriously. what a pushover.  It's not perfect, it could be slightly better if I put in a bit of work, I hate it with every fiber of my being! ... Let's research the singularity. I've tried this. I usually just maneuver my way around because I'm on my way to do something more important... Haha  Hey man, I’m in a crippling existential crisis right now too, but you have to fix these things one at a time. 