I need help with anxiety attacks due lack of control Guys, what do you do when you just can't do the things you are supposed to do? I  did a planner, but I forget to use it, then I keep forgetting little details of daily life. I don't know what to do. [deleted] I know exactly what you're talking about but I don't know how to control them, sorry.  If you're seeing a medical professional maybe you can ask them about short acting anxiety medication when you can sense one of these attacks coming? one thing I swear by: the Evernote app.  You can email things to it, take pictures, even record voice notes.  You then tag them to make things easier to find.  Helps A LOT with keeping track of things before they jet back out of my head. Kind of everything. I forget to do my homework/projects, taking the meds, house chorus, anything that I think I should do. I just "oh, I should do that!" then, It just vanish and I am looking at cat videos. Then I remember everything at once. It's overwhelming
 I would like not to use more meds if possible. I am trying to find a way to cope with every day tasks, but I don't know,maybe I should ask for something. I feel sleepy when I use anxiety medication and it makes me struggle even more with focus.  Thank you. I tried evernote before, but I used to forget about it. I will try again.  [deleted] If you don't want more medication have you tried something like chamomile tea?

So far what seems to work best is to attack the problem of getting things done and try to solve the issue of wasting time so the anxiety doesn't even happen.  What's been working lately is I have a list of tasks that I update every day.  If I have a complicated task I try to write it out by and hand break it down.  

I also try to identify times where I seem to lose the most time and attack that, like in the mornings I can lose a lot of time so I try to stick to a routine of making coffee and breakfast before I do anything else.

That said it's not perfect and I still lose a lot of time and get anxious and stuff. I couldn't live without it.  Really helps with - well, everything.  The best part is you don't have to remember to 'sync' it - a note for stuff to buy at the store on your desktop will be on your phone a half hour later when you're picking up your trolley. I think OP is asking about how do deal with the rush of anxiety and stress when that routine fails and you realize the amount of time that's passed. I am doing exercises 3x week, i don't know how, but it seems like it takes too much time. On the other hand, i spend hours doing absolutely nothing, zoned out. I lose track of time too easily. I don't know how to stick with a routine. If anything is merely different than the usual, it messes everything and i don't know what to do.  Exactly :| i feel i lose all my day planning. Niw I'm fixed about the idea of doing a leather case for a planner. I can't think about anything but that. I don't know what to do 