Old doctor moved away, new one says Adderall should only be a temporary drug? Hey guys. I have been prescribed Adderall for about a year now? and the difference in my life has been night and day. Not just school- my social life as well. My relationship with my SO is much more stable because I am much more stable... anyways, my old doctor was on board with me on this. He never mentioned having to stop taking Adderall eventually.

NEW doctor however told me that it should be a temporary drug and eventually, once I graduate, I should wean off. Really confused about his thinking. And also I've actually found the greatest difference I've seen is when I'm working in the clinic. I'm going into the medical field and my biggest issue prior to medication was listening to my patients; I would space out. I would also overthink everything I am doing/saying. Get panic attacks, etc. I still have anxiety but nothing like before, and I can actually stop my panic attacks now and calm myself down. So I was really shocked when it said it was "just for school" thing.

I don't know, then it got me thinking, SHOULD I consider weaning off Adderall after graduation? Should I switch to something else? I've considered Wellbutrin but I'm scared to rock the boat at this point. School/clinicals are extremely stressful and Adderall has taken my anxiety WAY down. It even stopped my exercise obsession (it used to be if I didn't work out everyday, I would get horribly anxious/depressed even if I was sick/injured).

Idk, I can't imagine going back to the way I was. I am assuming this new doctor is worried about my cardiovascular health but I actually have a resting HR of ~55 when off meds and my BP is always if anything, low.

I'm on 15mg IR twice a day, but I take weekends off if that matters.

I assume I should just get a new doctor, correct? I just wanted to hear some opinions first. He was still willing to prescribe me and everything, I just felt really judged. I always have a voice in the back of my head saying "you don't have ADHD" and constantly in fear of being labeled a drug seeker so that doctor made it worse.  I'm on vyvanse right now and spoke to my psychiatrist the other day about something similar to what your new doctor is saying. 

My parents feel that if it helps, I should use it. But as time goes on, they said I should work towards not needing the drug and my psychiatrist said that's a terrible way of looking at it. He said something along the lines of 
> "Sure once a some time passes and you realize you are no longer in need of the medication, you can lose it. But, that shouldn't be the goal set in your mind. The medication is there to help you live normally and happily and if you still need it when you're 60, that's totally fine too."
> 

So yeah, feel like a good relationship with your doctor is pretty important and switching would be better regardless of whether he will prescribe you or not. I don't know necessarily about weaning off, but ADHD isn't something that just effects one area of your life. I don't see why you would need it for school but not need it for work. I would recommend seeing a new doctor. It's because ADHD is only temporary. I'm going to be honest- I really really hoped I could wean off my medication after graduation. I thought "maybe when I don't have so much stressful stuff that I don't really care about cluttering my brain I'll be able to focus better". 

Yeah, that didn't happen. Medication doesn't just help with school. It helps with house work, with family time, with friend time. 

And I'm a nurse, so not being able to focus could be disastrous. Really, I'm able to do pretty well at work with medication. But I still struggle sometimes with time management and organization.  If you feel judged/uncomfortable by your doctor, get a different doctor. Seriously. Also, ADHD (ADD here) isn't something that just goes away after a brief period of time taking medications. My parents also share that viewpoint which further confused me. Thank you for posting that, that makes a lot more sense. Yes, it made me feel like he assumed I was just using it to cram for tests or something. Not a good feeling. I agree I should get a new doctor. :( Haha, wouldn't that be amazing? Yeah I'm really confused by his thought process. That is my biggest fear: that my patients will suffer because I lose focus or miss some important detail. Since medication I haven't had an issue with this. I guess I'll just have to revisit this idea in a couple years once my life has calmed down. But I do have a feeling I will have the same feelings as you. Maybe when I've been a nurse for several more years I'll be more confident, but I forget to change my clothes from the washer to the dryer on a regular basis- I'd rather not forget to give a patient their seizure meds and have them seize out on me. Not to mention just little every day things at work that aren't life or death but are necessary... I like to give myself the best chance of doing my best work and for now that involves medication. 