When I start working, I actually enjoy it. But I do everything just to avoid starting. Help.. This is what I did yesterday:

- Woke up at 4 am. Was supposed to go work out immediately. Instead, I spent 3 hours just pacing around, made 1 coffee and 2 cups of green tea, checked youtube subscriptions, and overall did nothing until 7 am.

- Finally worked out for an hour from 7 am to 8 am.

- Was supposed to start working, to meet a project deadline (self imposed, but still, consequences if late). Instead I spent another few hours hours on youtube, reddit, having lunch, etc, just to not start.

- Finally actually start working at 2 PM and I actually enjoy it a lot. Do 1 hour of solid work.

- Take a break and spend another 1-2 hours doing nothing.

So overall I only worked for 2-4 hours out of a solid day that I started at 4 AM.

What the fuck. I can get so much done and be so successful if I can just find a way to sit down and work.

Some days I do actually manage to do that, but i'm not building up any discipine. Every day its like starting from zero again.

Does anyone else experience this? Will medication help with this?

I'm not on medication atm because I can actually focus when I start, but I just find it so hard to actually start and put 5 minutes into it to get into that zone, or when I do, I get distracted too easily for 'just a minute' which turns into an hour. Might try vocally narrating what you want to do.

TELL yourself "I'm going to the gym now" out loud

"I'm going to the gym now"
*need to wear clothes
"I'm putting on shorts"
"I'm going to the gym now"
*need shoes
"I'm putting on shoes"
"I'm going to the gym now"

Youll probably feel stupid doing it, but it might work for you.  Sometimes I just lie to myself and say "Okay just start the document, literally just find a good template, make the header and write a couple intro sentences.  Give it 10 minutes and then you can fuck around"

Surprisingly just tricking myself into starting a task gets me to work on it for much longer and I might get 45 to an hour of solid work before I feel like I can't focus.  60% of the time, it works every time. [removed] Look at what you're doing.

Coffee/tea = caffeine = dopamine

Workout = serotonin & dopamine

Youtube/reddit = reward response = dopamine

Medication provides?  Dopamine.  It'll help. Yes, this is me and I did wake up at 4:16a yesterday saying to myself, "Nice, I'll get some work done! Like actual billable work!",  lol. No. Didn't happen. I hung out w dog and you-tube in a research trap w coffee till 6. Then I spent a nice 30 minutes on awesome make up, getting ready for my real job. I only spent 5 minutes on billable work. WTF! I got to my day job ON TIME tho. FTW.  I've been trying to work on getting over this block I have for months. I'm my own worst enemy. I needs meds and have the medicine appt next Tuesday. Can't some soon enough. Thanks for writing this all out. I've been meaning to LOL  What works for me is making an intense breakdown of my time for my day by fifteen minute to half hour blocks, and then checking tasks off as as I complete them. Even mundane shit gets written down. Checking a task off counts in the brain as a "reward", and forcing yourself into a rigid time based routine sort of bullies you into compliance.  I had the same problem until I started grad school and realized time was too precious to waste. I also started taking Adderall at this time (I was resistant to meds for years because I didn’t think I needed them). I started making daily planners to schedule things I needed to do by the hour each day and challenged myself to complete my tasks by the end of each time block. It helped to build breaks into my schedule so I could have an hour here or there to relax or do a household chore. After a couple of weeks I found myself completing my tasks much more efficiently. I’ve been out of grad school for two years now and still stick to the same routine. It keeps me super productive and I’m no longer overwhelmed with managing my time.  Before I knew I had ADHD I had a very similar issue. A buddy and I worked out a system where we met at one of our houses on a certain day, and would trade off throughout the week. We also had a rule of "no texting or calling" so we would HAVE to show up, and couldn't back our

It would force me out of bed to get there on time.

Also, this is going to sound dorky as hell, but I've found that if I put on motivational soundtracks I can be pretty efficient. 

Nothing is better than knocking out some case law research while the battle of helms deep is blasting! Try timers. I have timers and alarms for everything. Like right now I have 5 minutes to reddit until I need to get ready to go to work. Then I have an alarm 15 minutes before I need to leave as a "get ready to go" warning. Then another alarm when I actually need to leave.

Have a timer for doing work, say 25-30 minutes, then a timer for your break, say 5-15 minutes. It really helps!

If you continue to try strategies to prevent avoidance, and just can't get started, then talk to your doctor about meds again. Even a low dose can help a lot. 

Another thing I've seen for people (not just us ADHD people) who avoid work, is to just be mindful of when you are avoiding work. If you notice "oh I should be working" write down WHY you don't want to, and/or what you feel the need to do instead, like make food, pee, check reddit, pace around the room, etc and sometimes just being aware that you are avoiding work can help you mentally turn around, realize that other thing is trivial, and face what you need to do. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B; Ever tried logging everything you do?  A little paper note pad and pen, and just write what your did each hour  (setting an alarm on phone to remind you helps).  After wasting one hour or two you end up just wanting something good to write for the next hourly log so you finally get shit done.  Doesn't work for everyone, but it can be a great tool of your really in the mindset to get stuff done but don't seem to have good results at the end of the day.

I'm also unmedicated and find starting the hardest part, so this helps me sometimes :)  I used to be in the same boat as you. Like this perfectly describes how I use to act. I've got a super demanding course load (engineering and Chinese) and I used to hop on YouTube before I started any work and I would waste 7 or 8 hours before I even started. I know it sucks 

Here are some ways I fight it:

Get a kitchen timer. Not an app, that's a gateway for distraction. Go to Walmart and get a 2 dollar timer that winds up, nothing digital so that you have the satisfaction of turning it. Use this and allot everything a time. Taking a shower? 10 minutes. Getting dressed? 2 minutes. Try to give as much of your day a task with minutes assigned to the task, and be specific with them! It works kind of like budgeting money where you give every dollar a job so you don't waste any. 

Get a planner. I use the best self co journal and a mnemosyne notepad as a to-do list. Write EVERYTHING down. Carry it with you everywhere. It's a life saver. 

Back to YouTube, I carry a stress ball in my backpqck that I'll squeeze if I find myself getting off track or needing to start. If I'm really trying to procrastinate I won't pick it up because I know if I start squeezing it I'll start wanting to work lol. Just squeeze it any time you realize the impulse is telling you to stray and it will help anchor you to whatever you're working on. 

My final recommendation is to start meditating regularly and before you work. Meditation on regular basis has huge mental health benefits for us, it's like doing push-ups for your brain. Do 5 minutes whenever you wake up, or whenever you realize you have 5 minutes to sit, just meditate right there. As for getting started on your work, when you sit down and realize that you may procrastinate, close your eyes and meditate, and do the breathing technique called square breathing. You breathe in for 5 seconds, hold it for 5 seconds, breathe out for 5 seconds and empty your lungs, then hold your lungs closed for another 5 seconds. It doesn't have to be 5 seconds, you should actually be pushing for longer, but the trick here is to try and increase the time you can hold it. You do that by forcing yourself not to take a breathe on the bottom 5 when your lungs are out of air, and in doing this you fight your body's fight or flight response which I have found has given me much better control over my impulses right after. I also use it to fall asleep.

So yeah, try all these things out, one of them is bound to help. I'm obsessed with optimizing my day so if you need any help just pm me Do checklists work for you?

Have you considered relegating another device for social media so when you are on your work computer (which yo now have banned all social searched from) you don't automatically type in 'reddit' in the browser window?  A tablet might be worth the spend (I am telling myself this now as i type this on my work computer -argh) Understanding there is such a thing as a negative impulse — a resistance to doing something we know we should be doing — was a huge thing for me. My self-sabotage was so frustrating. 

It’s still hard, but now I ask people to nag me about stuff or even to just sit with me until I am started. It helps.  This is what I struggle with as well. Talking out loud like someone else posted has helped me in addition to setting alarms. 

6:30am - Wake up

7:00am - Get out of bed

7:15am - Last call to get out of bed and get to work on time

7:45am - Leave for work

and so forth. They are SO annoying and make me frustrated but have helped me learn that not only am I terrible at getting myself to start things but I also have a completely disassociated concept of time. I can easily do something "real quick just for 15 mins" and end up spending 3 hours on it without even realizing.

Try a productivity app that reminds you when to start/stop/take breaks. Some can lock you out of apps or tell you how much time you spend on them. I haven't found a productivity app that works perfectly for me but there might be one that you like!

Ok, I just spent 25 minutes formatting this comment, time for me to get back to work :P Good luck! Every. Single. Day. Starting is the hardest part. Giving myself a daily goal journal has helped. I plan out my entire week on Sunday or Monday and stick to it religiously for the rest of the week. The sooner I get stuff done, the more accomplished and productive I feel. And then, when I feel productive, I'm more inclined to get other things done. This is me. I am self-employed. Medication does help. I remind myself over and over that I enjoy what I do. It's a battle every day, although some days are easier than others.

Edit: I will have to try the "wake up one hour early and take meds" discipline. I haven't done that before. Try making the first part of every activity as small and as simple as possible and continue with these small steps until you lose yourself with work.

For example:
I'm going to write a story.
Sit down at the desk.
Write the first word that comes to mind.
Finish the sentence.
Repeat.
 Read Steven Pressfield’s books on fighting Resistance.  Start with ‘War of Art’ and then read ‘Turning Pro’. They helped me. I’m the worst procrastinator and I’m easily distracted from goals.  1. Count your wins, not your losses. When you do something, congratulate yourself for doing it and if possible give yourself some kind of reward. Don't berate yourself for not doing it earlier. This way, you set up a positive feedback loop which makes you more inclined to do it next time. If you berate yourself, you set up a negative feedback loop which makes you less inclined to do it next time.

2. Whatever the task is, first whip out a pencil and a notepad. List all the things you'd need to do from start to finish to complete this task, but without worrying if they're in the right order. Be as detailed as you can without spending more than a few minutes (unless it's genuinely a really large and complicated task, then take as long as you need). Then, chose an order to do the tasks in and write step numbers next to each.

OK, look at the first task on the list, remember that, then put it down and forget about it for a bit. A little later, when you get that 'oh I've got to do the task' feeling again, just think about the first step and the first step only. Just start doing the first step. The rest should just trickle on after that, refer back to your notebook if needed.

It's much harder to work up to doing an entire task, than just doing one step. But's it's the getting started that's hard, so all you need is the first step.

Edit: And if you do things in the same order every time you do them, they become easier and easier to do as your somewhat broken autopilot can get the hang of things easier this way. Me too. Love my work; fight the transition. For example, I’m on reddit but I should leave the house in 2 minutes. Medication definetly helps.

But you also have to understand that, if you've got ADHD, you're not going to function the same as other people. You're going to spend a lot of your time doing nothing and just spacing out. And that's perfectly fine. If you fight it, you'll lose. Work along with it. It gets you better results. My boyfriend struggles with this very badly. I felt annoying constantly telling him that he better get going or get started. One thing he found that worked is he either has to get up and get started right away, or set alarms throughout the day. Otherwise he would sit and draw or watch YouTube videos the entire day.  Man you just described my life prior to getting medication (found out and got treated a few months ago at 32 years old). I have my own web and mobile app business I'm trying to grow and most days was me waking up at 6am and wanting to work, but only able to squeeze out maybe 1-2 hours a day with a random 14hr hyper focus day here and there. Medication has changed my life to have 12 hour day minimums which not a day goes by that i am grateful for this.

But short of medication there were some weeks where i turned in consistent work and was very happy. What those weeks had in common was intense exercise and better diet. I have a road bike and would ride 34 miles twice a week, swim twice a week and play basketball once a week. 

I also cut out sugar, not knowing that sugar exacerbated my ADHD. I always knew from my experience that sugary breakfasts would for "some reason" ruin my day, and I also noticed I seemed to have more self control when I was off sugar. Now I know why.

I also tried out intermittent fasting mainly for cutting down on my belly, but you often here fasting increases focus. 

Maybe it's the increased levels of endorphins from exercise, maybe I just am in a good mood from being in shape due to exercise and diet so I'm receiving more dopamine naturally, but either way those weeks I averaged at least 8 hours a day naturally without medication.

Good luck in your journey my friend!

Edit: These days I'm on 20mg on a generic for Adderall (3 months in). I don't like the idea of going higher and my doctor agrees with me. I'm pleased to have a doctor that shares my apprehension with drugs. She helped me not be afraid of taking medication and becoming dependent. I encourage you to find someone like minded and experience a "you" that you have always believed existed and would see flashes of here and there, but now get to have that "you" at the surface everyday for long periods of time, instead of drowning under the sea of YouTube, pacing around, circular vocalizations of your thoughts hours on end in the bathroom, etc At least you're not three weeks behind a project and you spent four hours just writing the introduction  The "just do it for 5 minutes" trick works for me basically every time. It tricks my brain into delaying the need for instant gratification (i.. procrastinating on Reddit) and gets me started. Since starting is the hardest part, I immediately realize 5 minutes into the activity that I'm enjoying it and it's not so bad. This can last a long time. This is me every single day. If I play music it helps get me started and keep focused.  I went unmedicated for a long time and have found there’s no ways to cope with ADD/ADHD ( for me at least) once I got put on adderall I worked like a hyped up German worker. Literally changed my life. Take medication NOW, don’t wait  Sounds to me like you might have ADHD.

(aka, this is my life) Readign this makes me feel a little more normal for being so distractible.  I try building a routine, things work for awhile, then I end up trying something else and abandon what I was doing.  Rinse and repeat.  I tried to upload a picture but wasn’t able to, here is the link to the particular planning page I use: https://aesthetecurator.com/24-hour-daily-planner-template.html. It’s the first planner on the page (the one that says “My 24 Hour Day”) (I hope it's alright if I just copy/paste a previous post I made. I think this is a similar situation to my own)  
I've found that the main issue for me is building up expectation before getting started. I got addicted to the rush of the idea, so I would let it explode in my mind from an initial good idea, to a grand, amazing ordeal of a thing. Once something gets big enough in your mind, you just can't fully comprehend all of it at once and it becomes staggering. The mental shock of coming down from the high of *"and I'll do X and i'll add A and B and C features! And then I'll..!"* and falling immediately down to *"...fuck, I don't even know how to get started."* pretty much guaranteed that I would never be able to get started. 

I've found that the best trick for me so far is to immediately write down my good ideas. Anything you want to do has to be written down. Make writing it down the cost of thinking about it. Want to think about that awesome thing you want to do? Tough shit, write it down first. 

Why? 

'Just get started.' <---- That is what matters. The longer we think and plan and research, the further away we get from what we wanted to do when we should have just gotten started. The more details and steps you add, the more complexity and the more 'paths' to follow (all of which lead away from the core idea). 

We have been cursed with the ability to think of a million things that we COULD be doing, without the control to set ourselves upon which of them we SHOULD be doing. We have an addiction to ideas because they're fast and easy for us to create and throw away (we're certain to be able to think of a new idea anyway), while doing things from the idea is difficult and full of uncertainty. No one likes uncertainty, but our (AD/HDers) minds seem to be even more prone to seizing on uncertainty.

My solution: **START NOW**   
How? WRITE IT DOWN (now!)   
Why? Writing it down IS getting started AND it cements the certainty of the thing in place. If you want to proliferate new additions, you have to write them down to make them part of the plan and you're (if you're anything like me) less likely to add things unnecessarily if you have to write them down. 

This is just step 1, but god damn it has gotten me further than anything else I've ever tried and it feels good. 

If you do nothing else from this, please write "**JUST GET STARTED!**" somewhere prominent/visible wherever you spend a lot of your time (or write it all over the place, but only so long as each time you see it, you still think about the need for it). It's almost like mindfulness meditation. The point is not about maintaining it indefinitely, the point is to always return to the mindfulness, no matter how many times you get distracted. Once you have the mindset in place where every new idea is followed mentally by "JUST GET STARTED!", then you have a chance to actually get it done. 

TL;DR - Write down what you want to get started... and you'll have already started! :)  Keep it simple: that's the lesson to learn:  it is always hard getting started.  The point is not to get better or improve, per se, rather it's about remembering the lesson.  In addition to it being very hard to get started, we also forget pieces of self knowledge like this all the time, so the real point is to use experience to remember these lessons about ourselves.  

If we keep our focus simple and just on keeping life lessons close to our awareness daily, then we can more easily carry the burden because we will forget ourselves less, it becomes less about a specific tactic to employ and more about the context of your situation:  basically combine timing, environment, and these life lessons to decide on the appropriate action.

So learn this lesson by first being easy on yourself.  It's really hard for us to get started, so forgiveness and patience has to be built in by you for you - you serve yourself happiness.  You know it's hard to get started, so speakit/writeit, put the lesson out of your head and into the world.  This simple act of pausing and bringing awareness will help make it much less overwhelming/anxious to decide next steps.

Another way to reinforce this lesson on it being hard getting started is to look at what it implies.  This lesson is basically saying we have to find a hitch, something that gets us in tune/beat/rhythm with where we need to be going with our work.  The lesson implies that rhythm is a big part of being able to get into work and keep getting work done.  This has implications for motivation and environment setup (i.e. using song/music to get motivated) and for the nature of work itself (rhythm of working in spurts solo vs rhythms of working with a team vs working on-site vs remote vs inoffice vs outdoors...these all have different rhythms).  So the deeper lesson to learn from it being hard getting started is that finding the rhythm of our environment, or creating it/adding to it, is directly related to productivity and/or meeting what your employer wants from you. same -_- I just do what i am already doing until someone tells me to start or some sense comes to me  Creating goals that don't trigger the anxiety was the starting point for me. I use the Pomodoro technique for this as well as other reasons. "I'm going to work for ten minutes and then take a 3 minute break with Reddit." Set timers. Bear Focus Timer on my phone or timer cubes I got on Amazon help a lot. The cubes are a little too loud for my office so I like the Bear Focus Timer on my phone the best. Going to research which smart watches might be even better if I have to move to open work spaces soon and lose my private office. I hyper focus as well once I get going, which can lead to a spiral at the problem wrong if I get stuck. Forcing the breaks makes me come back with fresh eyes. Using Bullet Journaling to check off those small tasks as I do them triggers the dopamine reward response I need to stay engaged. I use Bullet Journaling for my personal and work tasks. You described my yesterday.  Often I feel afraid that if I start and try my best I will fail.  I’ve found getting out of my house for any reason (planning a workout with a friend early that I won’t bail on) gets my day started and things fall into place afterwards.  If I have a day with no obligations it’s hard for me to get out of my house.  And it’s hard to get any work done in my house lol.  So NOTHING GETS DONE!   I've been on medication for about a month now and it has helped tremendously. I have finally started learning sign language (after months of putting it off, I can now have a basic conversation in sign language!). They start you on slow to get your body used to it, so i still feel the adhd on it, but I'm able to actually direct my attention and keep it on tasks I want to do. I also have been practicing habits like thinking out what I'm going to do and then doing it as I think it so I do it. I relate to this so much. Medication helps me, maybe it'll help you too. It's like getting a ball rolling down a hill, but first you have to push it up over a speed-bump.  

For me, I only get motivated to start something if I have sufficient external pressure (a 'wtf email' from the boss usually does the trick), or if I'm interested and curious.  I feel this. My ideal workday would be 4 days straight of work with a napping area by my workstation and tons of microwavable pre-cooked food, followed by a 1 week break where I don't have to do anything. I feel like a large part of why I struggle to start big tasks is knowing I'll be interrupted by having to go home or whatever before I can finish them.

Maybe an office job isn't for me? I could post this topic everyday! And I already take meds most days. Sometimes it helps but other days it doesn’t. I don’t know what the magic trick is, but thanks for asking this so others in the same position can get some ideas!

Most of the time, I KNOW what I need to do to get started, it’s just that I...don’t do those things.  Like the pomodoro method for tasks. Breaking bigger things into smaller chunks. It all works when you start it. The trick is to START. 

Maybe you need some outside accountability? Even the things I love to do, I can still procrastinate on, so it helps to have a deadline or someone else counting on me. I have the same problem, you’d think it gets easier, but like you said you have to start anew *every* day.

My meds don’t do much for me except making me stressed, but that’s probably because Ritalin works better for ADHD than ADD. So I can’t answer that, I *can* say, don’t take meds expecting that they’ll automatically make you do stuff.
It’s supposed to be easier to do stuff though, making it less of a big deal to just do what needs doing. I am actually doing the same .... I have the same issue and it happens all of the time! Try and make a checklist in advance of things you want to accomplish in that day, week, month and prioritize what is most important. In the morning I try and reflect on my day and what I need to do in order to feel like I have accomplished what I needed to do and that reflection period really helps me. I know that you don’t want to take meds but sometimes they can help you get out of that loop. I started taking vyvanse 20mg and it helps me think straight and collect my thoughts so I am able to follow through. After a month or so of taking it and following my checklist/doing my reflection, my brain is almost trained to do so, even if I don’t take it because I conditioned it. 

I’m not sure if this helps but it definitely helped me!  I end up doing this a lot. I work from home so I have a flexible schedule. Sometimes, oftentimes I put off getting started, but once I do I keep working for quite a while. It’s always getting started on anything, not just work, that is tough. I don’t want to get started on anything. I end up not doing a lot because of this.
The only thing I can think to tell you is figure out a way to force yourself to get started. 
I once wrote down the quote (and came across it yesterday), “The later I get started, the later I will finish.” Or “The sooner I get started, the sinner I will finish.” Maybe try placing that somewhere... maybe the promise of finishing something the sooner you get started will be enough? Bravo on the workout! I can only manage to get my kid off to school and the dog walked most days.  YES, medication is likely to help (a lot) with this.

What you described was a normal day for me before meds, the only difference being more naps less exercise for me.

As soon as I started meds, I went from a 2-4 hour work day to a 4-6 hour work day.  After a month I was up to a normal workday.

I tried so hard, for so longl to fix this.  And then I just took a pill lol.

On another note, just learned that NZ is the 10th largest producer of waste in the world. Something that's really helped me is trapping myself into doing all sorts of tasks. For example, I need to wake up, take a shower, get dressed, eat and start working. I like going to the gym, and so I'll use that to get everything else done. At the gym they have showers, so after my workout I can shower and get dressed for the day, then I can stop and get food at my school's nearby dining hall right after. If I have free time, I'll then try to not go back to my dorm (cause I know I'll do nothing) but instead go to a coffee shop, library or class building. So essentially because I went to the gym it made it easier and more convenient to get everything else done. For me, medication is the only thing that will get me to stop looking on Reddit/Internet and get shit done.  My executive function is out of order without it.  You could do external time cues, like alarms.  Don’t beat yourself up for an off day, but if you do this all the time, might be worth checking into ADHD targeted therapy or medication.  Low dose of Adderall twice a day made task switching (which is what you’re having trouble with) MUCH easier.  YMMV. I find that I can start a task using a LPT someone else posted. I decide I am going to start the task, count to 6, and then start it.

No clue why the counting to 6 specifically works, but I use it all the time. 

The other thing I do is when I have a task that is going to take me longer I state out loud "\*Task Name\* is my focus" and it helps me stick to it and cut out distractions. Transitions. Recognizing my difficult transitions were one of the big ah-ha moments for me. What medication did for me was a 'bonus to the dice roll' for converting wanting to do something, into actually doing it. Try scheduling out your day in Outlook/Google Calendar or whatever. Having someone (in this case, even me) tell me that I need to be doing X now really helps. It also helps me stop obsessing about that thing when the time is up to stop working on it.  Medicine helps remove the initiation barrier certainly.  And after you make it habit you can actually fade it out if you like.  The best analogy my Dr has ever used for me though was that the meds are like wearing glasses. I know the feeling. What helps me is thinking about the state of mind I get to when I know I’ve gotten a lot of work done. It’s better than any high I’ve ever experienced. That feeling of accomplishment is my drug if choice.  ADHD is, at its most basic, a disability of executive function.  That sounds like a typical work day for me before I started meds! I'm a transcriptionist and have a modest goal of 80 minutes of audio per day (3-4 hours of work), but it would take me 8+ hours of working on and off (mostly off) to finish it. I got into the habit of starting immediately after waking up, but I could only stand to do it for an hour at a time, so I'd take a break after every hour of work, and it was so hard getting myself to sit down again for another session. I could focus just fine as long as the work wasn't too difficult/unpleasant, but one break could completely derail my schedule for the day. Sometimes I would have trouble getting started, too, and end up working late to catch up.

ADHD for me, and I think a lot of other people, isn't so much an inability to focus as an inability to *control* focus. I focus on the wrong things and/or have trouble starting tasks or returning to them once I get distracted. Everyone reacts to meds differently but they absolutely turned things around for me. I decide to do something and my brain immediately gets on board. Now I'm actually able to do 3-4 hours of work in one sitting. I get up at noon (night owl schedule), take my dose, and in 3-4 hours, I'm done and free to move on to something else. It's so nice after spending *all day* struggling to wring a few hours of work out of myself. This behavior is exactly what medication helps. I can confirm that getting started at work is the hardest part. During good days I work for about 3 hours, during bad days 30 min or nothing at all. But when I can focus I usually work hard enough colleagues won't really notice and they're quite happy with my work.

And yes, medication really helps me finding motivation to do (boring) work. But unfortunately it's no magic bullet and getting started is still something that requires some amount of effort.

And sometimes you just have to accept that it's not the right day for doing work. For example, yesterday I just couldn't get myself to work because my head was full with other stuff, even with medication. So I just took a walk in the park. I can relate so well to the part where you say you do not build up discipline. Same here. I never manage to make things habits - only shitty things like grabbing an overpriced coffee every day. Do that for a week and see me suffer withdrawal symptoms if I stop doing it. But exercising consistently for months and YEARS, eating healthy, working on certain things NEVER become a habit and Im ready to drop them quicker than you can say Starbucks. Is it really so much harder to build up habits that do not provide instant gratification? The only habit I do automatically even though I hate doing it is tooth brushing. Partially showering and getting ready. While complaining inside about it all the time. The rest is still using willpower and drains me. 

I wonder if it is possible to connect instant gratification with habits we do not enjoy. 

Sometimes I wonder if I just want to see myself burn. Thinking out loud helps me with things in general. Not just with starting things but also keeping my train of thought and working on addressing mistakes. It feels more real once something has been said out loud.

But people constantly think I'm trying to talk to them lol.  Lol, this is literally what I did. Put on shoes, now time to pace around another 10 minutes and do random shit instead of going upstairs to work out. (I have a home gym, which is probably why I make it to working out at all). God I wish this worked on me. My internal self replies with, "Hahaaa, Naaaaaaaaaah"  :| Similarly, OP can also tell someone out loud “hey, I’m getting dressed and going to the gym.” Telling someone, ime, tends to get you to actually do the thing because you’ve set up that expectation and the person you tell may ask why you didn’t do the thing you just said you would.  This works! 


Sometimes.  >  I might get 45 to an hour of solid work before I feel like I can't focus.

Interesting. I never get this feeling of 'i can't focus'. The problem I have is, okay, I've started. Now I'm going to finish this particular task and do an incredible job at it. My work will be a piece of art. Sometimes this can take 1-2 hours. Sometimes several. Okay, now its done. Time to start on the next task. Aaaand I'm back to square 1. I'm in this ball park of thought. I don't call it tricking myself, but sometimes I know I need to ease into a project... If I have trouble starting, I'll do the 'I'll just 'trick''. 

&#x200B;

Other times I'm pre-emptive: when I set a project down (for example leaving work), I'll write out what I accomplished and what the next steps will be. I find it easier to pickup that list the next day.

&#x200B;

A big one for me is make a list: what are the steps to get rolling? Start the first task - but keep updating the list - on a level the todo is about making the process list accurate and less about the project. Sometimes helps me dig into the project. 

&#x200B;

TL;DR make lists. follow lists. Update lists.

&#x200B; I make these same deals with myself.

The biggest barrier in starting something (especially if it isn't leisurely) for me is knowing that it's cutting into the time of what I enjoy more.

If I tell myself "Open Word, make 10 bullet points. If it's not flowing in 15 minutes, go play a game for a bit."

Most of the time I find the 'zone' and keep writing/working/etc.  I would spend 4 hours finding a good template 😂 will this actually help..? I don't want to take meds unless I have to. Psychiatrist asked if I can focus, and I actually CAN once I start and if I don't get distracted Shit. Forgot my meds this morning. Holy shit this is exactly what I need to do. Why haven't I thought of this? 

I do have one question. Do you eat when you wake up for the second time? I never have a problem eating on meds once I actually try, but hardly anything sounds appetizing if I take them and don't eat right away. I feel like I would just end up being hungry all day. Can confirm this, just started doing exactly this recently and I've gotten to the point where I haven't even needed alarms. It feels so nice to be able to wake up and just turn on vs slogging into the day. I used to do this but I had to stop because of the appetite suppression. I’d have to force feed myself breakfast. Now I take my meds right before I eat but waking up is still such a struggle. Have you been doing this for long? I’m interested in starting this Personally I prefer to take my pills with my breakfast. Doesn't ruin my sleep cycles or appetite that way I'm going to try this tomorrow morning, thanks

I've only just been diagnosed/started stimulants recently, so I'm still figuring out how best to use them Everyone is different, it *could* help, but it might not. I went through five ADHD meds that all made me way too anxious to function. Meds aren't a cure all for everyone. >  research trap 

love this term. good job on getting to work on time.  I’ve been trying to work out the timing of new meds and my billable hours have gone down the drain in the last couple of weeks. I feel you.  The meds help me a ton. I wake up early, work out, get to work ready to work. 

I will say I still let myself have the lazy day every once in a while where I wake up early but lay around on my phone or watching tv for an hour or two before I have to get ready for work. Now that I’m in a routine I can do that and return to being productive the next day.  Similarly, what I keep coming back to for school is the pomodoro method (25 min work, 5 min break).

I use it in conjunction with the forest app, which stops you using your phone for the 25 min (or whatever interval you want).And hell, if I can’t fuck around on my phone I might as well work. 

The biggest thing is that this helps me with time visualisation. I’m very bad about understanding what’s realistic to get done in what time. E.g.:

“Oh, I have three hours after class? I can probably read 10 chapters, write that 1000 word story, study for my test, and get that research assignment done.” 

Which is just not true. So I can say oh, 3 hours is 6 of the 25 min sessions, and break down my assignments into tasks. In session 1 I could read x number of pages, in 2) I could do a story outline, 3)  study vocab, 4) read x pages, 5) find my research sources, 6) start on the story. 

Oops, clearly I need more time, so then you just gotta prioritise. You slowly learn how to really maximise the 25 min and what’s realistic, but it helps me IMMENSELY with that infamous “pshh of course I can write my entire essay in two hours” mindset.  interesting. Would love to see an idea of the planner, with the tasks blocked out. I've tried this but the times I gave for relaxation, etc were always too low and I'd always end up going over them. > motivational soundtracks

like what?  the problem with them is, I just ignore the timer for stopping the break and continue the break. Sigh. YES to this! 
If you have trouble being consistent with journaling, try getting a time-tracking app on your phone and your computer. There are several that track usage automatically, so you don't have one extra excuse to not do it. Once you can look back at any given day and see that the stories you told yourself aren't accurate, it helps in rebuilding a better mental picture of your time. 

Edit: Remember to make your system as easy as possible to follow, while still being accurate. >  You breathe in for 5 seconds, hold it for 5 seconds,

Can't. stay. still After I made this post I deleted the youtube, google chrome, and netflix apps from my phone. I'm thinking of deleting this reddit account too, may be tomorrow.  And then restricting time wasting to only in the evenings, if I met my targets for the day. How do you ban searches from your work browser? Definitely just type in reddit as soon as I'm ready for a mental break... Very cool. I want to cut out sugar and add exercise / intermittent fasting; am having a hard time getting started. Do you have any advice for a fellow ADHDer? Now that I’m in my 50s my body is finally rebelling against a lifetime of bad habits...to be fair though, it’s amazing it held out that long. Lol It never ends... and by the time I actually am “ready” to work it’s 4pm!  Haha I'm more interested in how you schedule breaks. So, you’re saying to just get started? 😉 > Bullet Journaling

I just looked this up. It overwhelmed me at first, but it could REALLY help me in the long run.

I'm also going to look up Bear Focus timer.

 Sometimes I freak out people when I lose my patience with myself and say in an angry voice (to myself) "Holy sh- stop it. DO. THIS. NOW."

My coworkers learn to ignore it after a while tho. My thinking out loud bothers my husband at times bc it confuses him into thinking I’m looking for input or that I’m being disagreeable with him. I need him to shut his mouth & respectfully ignore me when I’m holding a one sided conversation  I think people at work think I need help a lot, but I just get a lot of value from brainstorming my ideas with other people listening, even if one sided.  What I try to do is instead of checking my phone/reddit/YouTube while on the way to doing something. I tell myself I can’t do it. I can’t do anything besides the thing I planned to do. If I catch myself doing something else I stop and I sit there until I can muster the willpower to do the THING I have to put on my full work out gear, including shoes. It pressures me out of the house if I'm sitting around in my gear and shoes doing anything else but leaving for the gym. I have the opposite problem. I have a home gym but seem to only ever work out if I physically leave the house and go to a gym >_> My inner-self says something very similar:

Me: "Look, we have to get off of reddit and out the door!"

Inner-self: "Oh, yeah? Watch me not do that." same lolz So in your post you said you were able to get 1 hour of work done before taking a very long break. Why did you feel like taking that break after an hour? That sounds a lot like hyperfocus. Do you have trouble stopping tasks as well once you start? For example, occasionally (on my bad ADHD days) if I'm in the middle of doing homework and my girlfriend asks me what I want for dinner, I'll hear her but won't put any thought towards even interpreting what she said because I'm so focused on what I'm doing.  I also do lists, but this is how I get myself to start checking shit off of them haha.  [removed] Medication doesn't only help with focus. It can help with motivation and task initiation as well. I hear you, and pills feel like a crutch. In a way I suppose they are, but...life sucks for most people right now. Hell, 2018 is like an underwater level with a VIP escort, and a timer running.

You said "and if I don't get distracted". If you're focused, you aren't being distracted. If you can get distracted, you're not focused.  If you really have ADHD, your brain is wired differently and you're playing life on hard mode because it's forcing you to get distracted. The real world doesn't care about that, nor does it want it--it wants you focused. That's a bit like a shark dragging a human into the ocean and demanding it breath water.  If you really do have ADHD, and your physiology responds to stimulants, they are your SCUBA gear. It doesn't make sense not to use them, because there may not be any other solutions than swimming back up to the surface for air every three minutes--we've all tried that and know how much it leaves you exhausted and gasping for air.

And /u/self_hating_brain is absolutely correct about circadian rhythm issues. Google "Delayed Sleep Phase Syndrome" and read up. Trying to wake up at 7am every day, right when my body was trying to shut down for sleep, made my life hell. Double-hard mode.

Lastly, as far as motivation? Narration has been mentioned, but snap your fingers, or clap your hands. Or stomp your foot. Something that, at the time you do it, you move. It means you're moving. You've committed, it's an action, and it's the spark that ignites the powder keg of activity following it. If you don’t want to take stims, may I suggest having your coffee already ready when you wake up. I wake up around 4, drink a cup of cold brew i left on the bedside table, and get up around 4:30 to go work out.  Before I was diagnosed, I used to do the same thing with caffeine pills. I put the bottle on top of my phone, alarm goes off, I take a pill with the glass of water I left the night before, go back to sleep. I end up waking up again on my own in about half an hour and I don’t feel groggy. Of course you have to figure out the dose, but it was about the same for me as a cup of morning coffee, except I didn’t have to make it.  >Psychiatrist asked if I can focus, and I actually CAN once I start and if I don't get distracted

That is why for years I didn't think I had ADHD, but I have recently learned that many with ADHD have a superpower called hyperfocus. 

I think of it like this: the regular person's attention is like a steady drizzle. They can focus that drizzle where they need it to go. 

My attention is like a fire hose. It's a powerful blast, and most objects are to weak to contain it all. So my attention sprays all over the place. But when I do manage to get into a flow state, that  fire hose of attention can be a powerful, directed blast of awesome.  It's just really hard to get it focused in the first place. 
 From personal experience: YES. Before I was on meds and I was interrupted at work, it could be up to ten or even twenty minutes to haul my brain back to the task I had been doing before. After I started meds and was interrupted at work, my internal alarm bells to remember what I had been doing would go off... Except I was already doing it.  Part of ADHD is the feeling your getting stopping you from starting things. Medication helps greatly with this.  It’s called hyperfocus which is the positive side to adhd...sometimes you can do it too much and neglect other areas of your life. I’m guilty  circadian rhythms can be adjusted.  Listen to your therapist. Not being able to start is an executive dysfunction that medicine can specifically help with. A *lot*. It's really good at that.  I'm like this and I have found that a fairly low dose (10-15mg) of adderall extended release works so well for me. It stops the ridiculous brain struggle of starting something and you just do it. [removed] [removed] They work for a lot of people though, so they're at least worth trying! Never claimed it was a cure all, it only improves things to slightly above your baseline functioning.  

I'm guessing you tried to stick to the lower doses due to the anxiety? Just starting on meds myself, are you on anything now? oh man, i'm sorry. we will get there.  Nice. This is my dream life... I've tried so hard wo meds, seriously, and I want it really bad. 

I want it and will get it. Thank you for the hope. :)  Get a filafax calander notebook. Write tasks and times for each day the night before.  make them manageable, split tasks into mini tasks if you have to. Tick as you complete. 

If you're deflecting tasks to watch crap on YouTube and reddit you're simply procrastinating because the task seems too much. Split it into chunks by time or task. You dont need medication for this. Just kick yourself up the ass and dont open social platforms.  Search it in Spotify! They have a playlist that will literally make you want to take over the world while riding into battle atop of a giant vicious hamster first thing that comes to my mind is eye of the tiger lol You can get a persistent timer app. I don't know about Android now, but IOS has one called 'Alarmed' that will let you set it to just keep repeating at a certain interval (like repeat 6 times, 15 minutes apart) so it's harder to ignore and each time you ignore it, you can put a little more willpower into the idea that you need to get working now.  You don't have to stay still. Just hold your breath and fight your body. It's not going to be easy at first but getting good at it will really help you you can't, but you can reduce the automated motion by switching devices to purposely do it.  How many times do you type in reddit before you realized you actually were going online to do something else? Oh I see! For my breaks, I make a list of recreational activities (read, knit, make a phone call, etc.) and I keep these in the margins of my schedule. Once it’s time to take a break (usually a 30-minute break after every 2-hour block of work), I choose an activity from the list as a reward and set a time for 30 minutes to enjoy that activity. Sometimes I’ll “bank” my breaks and push through for a few hours so that I can take a full hour. It seems like a silly process, but I do well with the reward system.  Now that you mention it, I think that is what I'm saying \^_^  
I know it seems like telling an alcoholic to just quit drinking, but at some level you have to flip that switch, no matter what else you do to get started, and having that as a mantra makes that switch flip just a little bit easier. If I had a nickel for every time I have stared at a computer screen and told myself to "just do it" I could become the majority stakeholder in Nike. I started out with the tips from HowToADHD and kept it simple. Then I figured out what worked for me and made adjustments. Just Googling Bullet Journal overwhelmed me too. Keep it simple for our ADHD brains to start. https://howtoadhd.com/bullet-journal/ Yeah, they want to be helpful but we are not asking for help, just venting! Talk to him about it then, perhaps give him some indicators that you're only talking to yourself or say that when you want to talk to him you will do something that makes it easier for him to distinguish I do that with telling myself it's time to brush my teeth and go to bed. I will literally stay up for hours even though i'm super tired cuz I don't wanna brush mah teeth. yah! right, ugh... i'm alt-tabbing so hard at work right now! being alone at the office suuuuuuuuuuuuucks.  Basically the same problem, with getting started. Once I finish a task, I'm back to square one. Same thing with starting every day no matter how productive I was the last day. It's a good strategy! I'm not opposed to it, I just want to know if it would work for someone like me, who CAN focus once started, but just avoids starting and finds it hard to start.  >it allowed my brother to go from Fedex box guy to programmer. To each their own.

&#x200B;

Wooow. That is what i am trying do this moment. I have open the program but i am here in reddit, i program 10 min then i take a break of 40 min....  Wow, okay. Any idea if Ritalin would work for that? That's what my psych prescribed but I didn't take it.  This. That shark/scuba/coming up for air analogy is dope af. i dont get up that early but i try to do this for every morning.  it works well enough that i feel reinforced to keep up the system. it really, really helps on those days i have to wake up earlier than usual too I’ve done this with caffeine pills as well (cold coffee in the winter is too cold!). I agree, it can be a big help. It’s amazing to wake up feeling awake. great idea, thanks :). will try. I will be trying this out tomorrow, thanks!  Such a great step. I’ll be starting tomorrow. Thanks for the insight Just wanted to point out that saying “it’ll help” is kind of assumptive. I realize your intentions were in the right place. 

I was on many different doses of Ritalin, Adderall, Concerta, Strattera, and Vyvanse. All of them made me into an angry raging anxious mess - it felt like the worst road rage but all day every day. (The Strattera actually made me break down and cry at a restaurant for no reason the first day I took it - good times) The lowest doses didn’t help my ADHD and anything higher resulted in this. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  “Just kick yourself up the ass” if only this were the actual way to get us motivated maybe we wouldn’t need meds and therapy...  No spotify. Is it on youtube? If I had to stay still to meditate I would have been kicked out of so many classes lol.

&#x200B; Awesome! I love the list of options on the side. Bullet Journaling is excellent for my working memory issues. My bullet journal is my working memory. I started a bedtime routine that involves getting to listen to a 20 min podcast (for washing my face and doing all the skin care stuff) and then I get to play candy crush while I brush my teeth. It's still hard to initiate, but once I get there it does compel me to brush my teeth... I used to do this with showering because I do it at night. Now, I shower once I get home after work, or on the weekends, I shower when I have to go to the bathroom within a few hours of bedtime. Otherwise, I'll stay up for hours not wanting to stop to shower. I do the same with brushing my teeth; I just always do that after I eat. I’m 100% this way. Can carry out a task from start to finish without too much trouble focusing...but can never get it started (and can’t prioritize which tasks REALLY need started vs “okay I’ll organize the bathroom cabinet for an hour”).

Waking up 30-60 mins early, taking meds, and going back to sleep has literally changed my life. I’ve wanted to strangle and steal the brains of people who just wake up in the morning “ready to go” my entire life - now I kind of am that person and it makes me want to weep tears of joy. I think it might be very beneficial to you. ADHD is poorly named because it doesn't necessarily mean a deficit of attention - we have attentional modulation issues. It's very common to become "sucked in" to your work once you get started, but because of the attention modulation issue, it can be hard to focus enough to get started. As someone with PI-type ADD, I like to think of it as like a bicycle with the gears up to the max. It takes forever to pump the pedals and get up to speed, and can be really tiring sometimes, but once you get up to speed, the inertial keeps you going a lot longer than other types of bikes. Adderall/vyvanse has been helpful for me to get the will to pump those pedals at the beginning. Yes, 100%. Im this exact way. Can’t start anything for hours and then burn out after 30-60 mins, rinse-repeat. You would be amazed at how much a stimulant helps. IF you take the correct dosage. If you’re getting a rush out of it then it’s too much. 

When I finally did focus on something I didn’t realize how many random thoughts would pass in and out of my mind while working, until my doc prescribed an amphetamine. Now, it’s the task that needs to be done, I get it done, and then move on. 

Also, going to note, it was weird at first bc my brain was so much more quiet it gave me a little anxiety. But once you adjust a little it makes a world of difference. You don’t have to think about it. Just all of a sudden you’re doing the task that was on your mind without the fuss of lollygagging for hours first.  A lot of us can focus once we start.

But the trouble you’re having is *focusing your focus* in the first place. Which is still a focus issue.

I know for me, meds do make it easier to start tasks. Sometimes. Sometimes I still fall down a reddit hole. 

I take methylphenidate (ritalin) and it does feel like it lifts that barrier to starting tasks. 

IMO, it’s worth at least talking to your doctor about. YES. I wasn't diagnosed until 41 (I'm 42 now) but Vyvanse (now Adderall) has literally changed my life. I could function before--I raised two girls and had 4 books published-- but not without AT LEAST TWO 2 hour naps a day. Every. Day. 

Now I wake up, take my meds, and though I still struggle with laziness (depression) I don't nap at all, and can stay focused for huge chunks of time. And even better, I want to be doing things.  I recently went back on meds after 7 years off. It has greatly reduced the amount I procrastinate. I always felt like I didn’t need them since when I do finally sit down and do the task, I can execute it all at once. 

But now, I am able to triage what’s important and start the right tasks at the right time, no matter how badly I want to put it off. 

It’s nice to have the ability to focus on anything, not just the stuff I want to do. It’s also nice to no longer use deadlines as my motivation and instead start something and work on it throughout the period. Like, instead of doing all of my weekly chores at once, I am able to space them out throughout the week.  Yes, medication helps motivation as well as focus. You just need the right med.

Sounds like you need some Adrenalin (think motivation)on top of your dopamine (think reward) so probably something like adderall which is 25% Adrenalin stimulant and 75% dopamine stimulant. 

It sucks, because it’s hard on your body, but NOTHING else... and I mean NOTHING... will put those neurotransmitters where they need to be so you can be a bit like a neuronormie for a sec and get some shit done without tearing your soul through your chest. 

Edit: clarity Yes, it can! Your doctor will probably opt to prescribe you a low dose of Ritalin or Adderall, they are relatively quick and will basically just give you a little boost of motivation you need to start whenever you need it.  I can focus on most things once started and have found stimulants to be incredibly helpful. The biggest difference is that they got rid of my GAD and made it easier to start projects.  To me, it's like there's a hurdle to start work but once I jump and get running, I can manage to keep pace.  Medication cuts that hurdle from 10ft to 1ft so it's easier to start running and actually complete the race (your task). It also fills your water bottle so you can run further without getting thirsty (bored). ALL of us with ADHD can focus once we're started on something enjoyable, difficult and new.

Where we CANNOT focus, without meds, or a passed deadline, is on the stuff we *should* do but don't really find interesting, maybe because we've done it a few times before.

Take the meds - what you scared of? Ritalin has a half life of 3 hours, so if you decide you don't like them, you can just stop. There's no medal award for struggling through life with a disability.

It'd be like someone with one leg refusing crutches or a chair and opting to hop around everywhere all the time. Not a doctor, but yeah my meds do more than let me keep focus once I've started a task. They reduce clutter in my head so I can start things more easily, too. They reduce impulsivity, they make me feel like I have this rest in my head that makes it easier to do stuff.
You could consider talking to your doc about trying it, like a period of trial medication. If it doesn't help you, no one will force you to keep using it just because you gave it a shot. Adding to the conversation, some symptoms of adhd may include hyperfocus ( which sound counter intuitive) so you get so absorbed by the task that you can just do it for way too many hours (non functional). Also if you try medication, boy does it make a difference... This describes me. I can focus once I get past the initial 5% of starting a project. When I was on meds, the struggle with the 5% went away. [removed] Stimulants are (for the most part) very individual on their effectiveness for certain processes. I was up to 80 mg of Vyvanse (requiring a 50 and 30 script each month) with really no discernible difference.

Now I take Focalin (dexmethylphenidate, whereas Ritalin is methylphenidate) and it’s perfect - hits all the marks that I struggled with the most. Ritalin may or may not be the optimal choice for your struggles, but you’ll never know unless you try it (consistently, if I may lecture). It works for me, but you just have to try it and find out. There’s no way to really tell besides that.  If it doesn’t, there may be another one that you find works better.  As the previous posters said, yes, it does work for some people, and it is worth a try. The good thing about the stimulant medications is that they're short acting - you will know the day you take it if it is working for you, it doesn't need to build up in your system like some other types of medications. And if it doesn't work, or causes unpleasant side effects, it'll be out of your system that day as well.

&#x200B;

You may need to experiment with dosages or other medications, but yes, in general, the right medication should help with the particular ADHD symptoms that affect you... that's how you know it's the right medication. I loved Ritalin so much. But then they switched me around and now I am on Adderal, which only works about 75% as well for me. It still makes a world of difference with getting things started.  Yes, it absolutely does for me.  Yes, it absolutely does for me.  Thanks. I was a little surprised how easily that one came up on-the-fly.

But then, I was wearing my SCUBA gear ;)  My ex kept the coffee percolator next to the bed and had it on a timer to start brewing before he woke up. I can relate to the rage certainly, however, I've found that's about my stress level rather than a side effect of the medication.  Pre-medication I would push it aside and every so often get to a snapping point.  On the medication I feel it more regularly but I am able to connect it to what is going on in my life that is causing stress.  Eliminating the stress, eliminated the rage.    

As to my assumption, it's technically true but in the vast majority of cases it has been shown to benefit.  I forget the statistic but it's something ridiculously effective like 98% of cases. OT and just a minor suggestion: have you tried bupropion? It’s supposedly good for people with ADHD who become anxious on traditional med. I have adhd and wasted a lot of my life not taking responsibility for myself and having a tendency to blame my condition lazily. I didn't sort myself out and give myself a good kick up the ass till I reached my 30s. Adhd has ruled my life, but when I started to take proper  responsibility of it and make a proper effort to overcome the obstacles it creates, I made real and huge progress. More than I had in the decades before, both medicated as a child and using drugs and alcohol to self medicate  A good way to find this out is probably to search YouTube lol Spotify is free, though.  I just started mine. I feel really calm for some reason now that it exists :)

I also bought Bear Focus Timer. I still need to start using it. Gamifying life. Nice trick! Gotta work with these brains starved of stimulation.  sounds legit. thanks for the suggestions! trying this tonight!! Soo u basically wake up, take your meds and then later u wake up automatically? How do you recommend i do that? Im currently taking Vyvanse 70mg, but I don't think that half hour later I will be ready Great analogy! [deleted] Well, that made it more remarkable MMOs take a lot of time and are pretty addictive. Is there a reason they switched you off Ritalin?  I’m on adderall and am curious if I could be doing better on Ritalin  also came here to credit you for my use of your scuba analogy just then, damn free-divers just breathing and shit.

&#x200B;

edited for funnies.

&#x200B; Knowing the coffee is ready and waiting can be pretty motivating too! It's actually 70%-80% of people with ADHD who benefit from the typical medication for it.  I bet 98% of people in general would report feeling better on stimulants, not just people with ADHD - they increase productivity exponentially. 
Glad you can eliminate the stress - not everyone can do that.  Yep :/ I tried it before my ADHD diagnosis.  I take Vyvanse at 60mg and I do it exactly this way.  I wake up an hour earlier than I want to, take my meds, go back to sleep, wake up on time.  It is honestly life changing.  I used to need five or six alarms spaced at strategic intervals with math and puzzles needed to shut them off.  Now I need two - one to take my meds, one to actually get up.

On top of that I also use the app Quality Time and I have my morning routine written down in order.  I have Quality Time set to turn off access to all unnecessary apps from the time of my second alarm to past when I would already be at work.  That way, I don't get to do that thing I do where I'm awake but I'm laying in bed on my phone.  And, as a bonus, if I wake up in between alarms I get rewarded with the ability to be on my phone until I need to get up.

I used to drag ass in the mornings and always forget essential things - now I get to work on time, I am wide awake enough to do my job, and I still forget things but not as often.  I also feel more confident.  So that when I leave work I still have all that energy to do the things I need to do for myself. Oops, didn’t specify - I do have a second alarm to wake up afterward and I also take Nuvigil in the morning. Occasionally I find I don’t need it because I start waking up with the medication. Sometimes I plan for half an hour and still don’t feel ready for the day so I lay in bed and goof off for a bit until it really kicks in. Most likely just all of the “noise” is being pushed away so you can focus better. It’s a weird feeling at first lol. I saw that unsourced claim as well.  Digging into it, it seems to be as a result of ineffectiveness of medications like MPD in young children (pre-schoolers) and not adult studies but it's not entirely clear. my youthful indiscretions tell me that not everyone feels better on stimulants - most people use them recreationally to feel high and if that doesn't work for them, they freak out. 

I certainly don't feel "better" in productivity, I work on that, or mood, I work on that,  or etc etc.  But I do have more control of the things I work on. 

it should have been an alert that my youthful indiscretion choice was psychotropic rather than stims which I thought were meh. don't you think this just leads to a lack of discipline? That if you just forced yourself to wake up on time everyday, that it would become a habit the same way waking up early and taking your meds is a habit? I only ask because I have serious issues waking up in the morning and am often late to work because I will wait until the last second, then jump out of bed in a panic, get dressed and get out the door. I've tried a couple times to wake up early and take my meds, then go back to sleep. There are several issues I have with it. 1. I take 10mg IR 3x a day, so I really only have about a half hour before I start feeling them kick in. 2. When I do wake up after taking meds, I feel like my brain isn't actually awake, but kinda functioning on autopilot. It's hard to shake that feeling during the day if I start like that. 3. When I wake up early to take my meds, then go back to sleep, I sometimes feel like it's some sort of weakness, that I'm incapable of doing a normal human task like waking up on time for work. It makes me feel lazy and undisciplined and I feel like people would judge me if I had to take my medicine to literally get up in the morning. I already need it for everything else, now I need it to wake up, too? Can't shake the feeling that there is something negative about this strategy. Is the app called My Quality Time or just Quality Time? When I search the App Store both come up and My Quality Time seems a little like what u describe and Quality Time is something to do with books. Could be I’m on the apple App Store and they don’t have the same one? I found a source for it but, like you said, only for children. I bet there's a lot of factors to it, especially since there are quite a few adults with ADHD who do or could benefit from medication but have decided not to use it or feel successful enough without it.  If it doesn't work for you, fine.  Don't do it.  Do what works for you.

But for me?  No, I'm not worried that it will lead to a lack of discipline.  I've spent my entire life feeling like shit every morning in a world where I'm always and forever going to need to be able to get up in the morning.  I would race out the door, forgetting to put my uniform on, forgetting the keys to my office, forgetting to brush my teeth or put deodorant on.  I was late all the time.  I felt like I was rushing all day to keep up.

Now, none of that is true.  My quality of life has increased substantially, and that's all that really matters to me.  If people think I'm lazy because I need medicine to be able to function, they can go suck rocks because I KNOW none of those same people would think a diabetic is weak for not being able to produce insulin without medicine.

Needing a crutch says nothing about you as a person except that you have a broken leg.

Also, the one day I had to go without my medicine, I was terrified that I wouldn't be able to do it.  But I was wrong!  Because I stick to the same schedule every day even on my day off now, and I had been for a month at that time, I was able to get up and move on my own.  I was hella tired, but the routine alone was able to do the trick to pull me through.  A routine I would never have been able to stick to without medicine. Think of it like this. If it was heart medication or chemotherapy, would you feel weak for taking it? Your brain can't help the way it is, but YOU can change the way you look at/ talk to yourself. I always go back to bed after taking my meds. It's either that or I cannot function for HOURS. 

And honestly, what's the difference between taking them and going back to bed, and taking them when you wake up?  I think the key to Katrilli's strategy is that you wake up to take the meds an hour *earlier* than your actual wake up time. So it isn't like hitting snooze and going back to bed, it's two alarms for two separate tasks: one for taking your medicine, and the second one for actually getting up. 

Discipline is great, but folks with ADHD have trouble getting the right amount of dopamine that enables folks to follow through on that self-discipline. So we must come up with strategies to help enable the discipline that comes easier to others.  I dunno about the effect your meds have on you and you should discuss the way they make you feel with your doctor probably. That autopilot thing.

But in terms of weakness/discipline/feeling shame and guilt? 

ADHD literally means your brain **cannot** respond to the same discipline or habit building strategies neurotypical people use. 

Would you throw a gerbil into a fish tank and expect it to be able to breathe under water? NO. Because gerbils literally do not have the same equipment that fish do. 

Your brain is different from neurotypical brains. **You have to adapt your strategies to your own brain** and that adaptation isn’t bad or wrong—it’s just what you personally need for success. 

You can’t keep trying to do things in ways that will absolutely fail. That’s just beating yourself up. You’re not doing things “the hard way” or the “easy way.” 

**You’re either acknowledging and addressing your unique challenges and obstacles or you’re attempting to ignore them and then getting mad when you can’t walk through walls.**

I found this stuff really really hard to wrap my head around. I still do! I sometimes don’t take my meds and then get all frustrated and confused when the symptoms my meds treat wreak havoc in my day. 

**I hope you find some avenues to forgive yourself for all the things outside your control and the strength to control all the stuff you totally can without feeling ashamed of it.** Oh maybe.  I'm on Android and it's called Quality Time on here.  The app icon looks like a blue clock.  But it could just have a different name on iOS.  My uncle is the one who recommended it and he has an iPhone though so IDK I'm glad you responded the way you did. I'm going to test this strategy out next week to see how it impacts my behaviors and routines. I guess every time I've taken it in the morning was mostly in college because I had to do some readings or finish an essay before class or something. Now that I'm working a 9-5 I think I've only done it once and then felt bad about myself for it. But I'm thinking that it may actually mesh well with the consistency of the 9-5. So we'll see. 

And I think that changing one's outlook or mindset on what is considered weak or undisciplined is easier said than done. Especially because I come from a family of highly motivated, driven individuals. Idk how my siblings do it, but one's a college wrestler and the other is a mother of 2 who works a full time job and they never have issues being late or distracted, so I think that I'm afraid most of judgment from them for being the "weakest" link out of the three of us.  Thank you... I've still got a long way to acceptance, but having this community is really giving me a sense of how self deprecating I've been and how mean I've been to myself. Cheers to uncomfortable introspection that leads to mental growth! Thanks. I’ve searched (for all of 7 minutes) and it appears that it’s only for Android. In my research, looks like Apple has a new feature called Screen Time in the iOS 12 update so that may be a reason, or at least something we can use going forward.  I hear you.  It's hard not to talk down to ourselves, especially when mental illness is so stigmatized already.  Also, note that just because your siblings appear to have their shit together doesn't mean they actually do.  From the outside, I look well put together- people often disagree with me that I have ADHD, but the reality is that I'm just really good at putting up a facade.  Even the most driven people have internal struggles that we'll never know about from the outside.  Take it easy on yourself, you're doing your best ❤️ One thing to keep in mind that I picked up from your comment here. Reminds me a lot about myself. It's easy to build an association between medicine and school. But it's so much more than that. ADD affects our entire lives. I'm taking the steps to reintroduce medication to my daily life after being off it (and out of school) for 4 years, and I'm excited at the prospect of finally being able to take control over my life again! Thanks to you both for the helpful comments. I'm honestly really glad I finally got into reddit and found this sub. It's been really useful for me to normalize my own experiences with ADHD and I think that in itself can slowly change my life for the better.  