I was called "useless" today... And maybe I am. 

My colleagues are attending conferences this week, leaving me the only one in the office.

Had someone call about a project I'm not related to that needed something done and I wasn't able to help the individual but if I had better communication skills/ability I might have been able to. 

A) I'm really bad at talking on the phone

Normally, I answer the phones just to transfer people to my supervisors because they're the ones with the info but I'm worried when they were leaving they told me things I needed to do regarding their projects in their absence and I just forgot. So when the person called I had no idea how to respond and told them the appropriate people were out of the office.

B) I'm forgetful

This was a time sensitive matter. I meant to message my boss about the individual but totally spaced, and because of that, the person did not get the help they needed and now I've publicly embarrassed my office (the guy went on FB to complain, rightly so)

C) I already feel useless

Getting external "validation" of how I feel about myself constantly has made me drop to a new low. It hurts, especially because now I know it's true. I am useless.

TL;DR: I feel like crap.  [deleted] I have been called that at least one at every job I've ever had (I also served in the military where I was first diagnosed) and it's hard to take. The one that left the biggest scar was my dad calling me that almost every other day growing up. Point is, YOU ARE NOT ALONE! Listen, it's okay to feel useless. For those moments where you feel useless or someone calls you useless, you are. But it's only for that moment that you're useless. 

Everyone has moments of being useless and helpless. That's a human thing. So don't worry if you were useless at a certain point or you were less useful that someone else in a circumstance. You're still useful the other times. Read up on the common adhd symptom RSD.  It’s super real. 

Curious. Are you on meds?  This is exactly what I needed to hear, thank you! You already figured out things for me but if I were to add another one I think it would be oh I don't know.... I have great hair? Also, I'm athletic, so when the zombie apocalypse happens I can out run the people around me and do a pull-up (only one though) to escape haha Thanks for your response! Yeah, I heard it all the time growing up from my mom. I thought I was better now though.

It just sucks. Good to know I'm not alone!!! Fair point. Thank you for your words! I need to remember this!! Huh, I've seen people mention it here but haven't delved into it, perhaps it's time. Also, I take concerta 36mg and zoloft 100mg. Yay drugs but I feel like they're not helping as much as I'd like.... time to make an appointment. Maybe there's a dosage issue? I ask because Your post was sort a “Greatest Hits” of the RSD loop. :-). RSD was not on my radar for my first decade of diagnosis. and then I looked up what it stands for and was sort of dismissive of it.   But I heard this podcast (I’ll find the link and post it. )

It really woke me up. It was nearly as powerful as when I first found out ADHD was a thing and I had it. 

https://www.stitcher.com/s?eid=56420646&autoplay=1 Wow, thanks for the link! It was incredibly informative. Everything makes so much more sense now!!! It’s been on my mind a lot recently. Just knowing its a thing turned down my anger blast by maybe 10%. 

My wife and I have a good marriage, but this RSD stuff has been a big weight that was creating a lot of hurt feelings.  Same with my relationship with my parents and sister.  

The weird part is how the anger and feelings of defensiveness just vanish, so I was so shocked when that podcast said that is specific to RSD.   