If my life was an REM song it would be called Losing My Ritalin When you forget where your Ritalin is and also forget if you actually took it or not. Maybe I took my second pill of the day already, I can't find it and I do feel somewhat focused. Or maybe that's just the leftover Ritalin from this morning talking. 

I keep finding them around the apartment later on. My apartment is not that big. 

Stay well my friends.  Why not buy something like https://www.amazon.co.uk/Pill-Box-Organizer-Compartment-Weekly/dp/B005BGAA08 Came to the sub because I just experienced something similar.

Wanted to make tea. Electric kettle beeped but I let the water cool down without serving myself a cup. Started it to boil again. Poured tea. Forgot it on kitchen counter. Started McDonald's app to get delivery. Came to sit in front of laptop to research something. 3 YouTube videos in went to pick up tea cup in kitchen. Luke warm. Went back to laptop. 5min later I feel hungry, where is my food delivery? Ah, I haven't placed the order yet.

And then it hit me: forgot to take my ritalin this morning. 

I can tell because every Sunday I prep the week doses in one of those pill boxes /u/Uksii linked, and I can immediately see at any point during the day if I missed one. Mine would be "losing everything" mine would be "losing my damn mind 24/7" I'd have to vote "What's the Frequency, Kenneth"

 Yeah that's why god invented the long-acting meds. Im about to jump on that bandwagon and switch. I want to take it once a day and forget about it until the next day. So tired of that. 

I use a bookbag to carry my meds. Half the script goes on the table next to my bed. The other half stay with me in that bookbag. Helps me out for the most part although ive still misplaced here and there. 

And also its a running joke in my house that my cat is on my meds/vitamins since I drop them all the time and then forget about them. If she takes the blue ones shes energetic and the white ones shes docile.  I lost a 10 litre soup tureen this week. I'll lose the pill dispenser too.  

But it is a good idea all the same.  My mom has bought at least twenty of those for me over the years. They either go unused or I forget to refill them... or I lose them... or I forget to take my meds one day and then accidentally take the wrong day’s pills so it looks like I forgot today... Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. I've got half a mind to screenshot your comment and send it to r/me_irl  Hahaha.. what are we gonna do, but keep on keeping on! :) 