OCD getting better with ADHD meds? I have mild OCD, based on checking if I locked a car door and repeatedly check it during a fixed number of times, and also counting the steps I make from one room to another. I can control them, but it ultimately affects my willpower reserves so I keep them to a bare minimum except in situations of great stress, when I tend to lose control. Strangely, ritalin helps me with them. I can check the lock once or excepcionally twice and be convinced I don't need to check it anymore. Also, I stop counting steps because they are irrelevant.

I thought ADHD meds could increase OCD simptons, so I'm gratefully surprised. ADHD often makes people forget things.  Maybe now that you don't forget things as often on your ADHD meds you feel less compelled to check everything multiple times??

They must be linked for sure.  I don't have OCD but have GAD and mild depression and I know when I start my ADHD treatment it will help those disorders for sure. Same here! My impulsivity went waaayyy down and I stopped obsessing over tiny things.  It seems like it's known that dopamine-boosting medications help OCD in some cases. (Judging by some random stuff I just read on Wikipedia.) For other people, it does cause problems.

Psychiatry is kind of stupid. It classifies all the conditions by symptoms, behaviors, and circumstances, rather than by any underlying medical abnormality that causes the symptoms. That by itself if reasonable, since the underlying problems is often unknown and was almost always unknown in the recent past. The problem is that researchers and the diagnostic system all have a very poor understanding of symptoms and put more weight on outwardly observable behavior rather than the symptoms experienced by the patient. Also, they like to pretend that the diagnostic names perfectly correspond to underlying biological factors (which just haven't been discovered yet!) despite these problems.


So a person could have someone with executive functioning deficits, mild motor deficits, and compulsion to do certain activities (or avoid other activities) due to decreased dopamine transporter activity and low levels of D2 binding in the striatum... and they might get diagnosed with ADHD because those symptoms make it hard to concentrate on things, or an anxiety disorder because their symptoms make them a nervous wreck, or a depressive disorder because their symptoms make them sad, or OCD because of the compulsions or because they make strict rules for themselves to cope with the symptoms, or something like video game addiction if their compulsions line up with an activity widely accepted to be "addictive," or they might be considered to have multiple comorbid conditions. A dopamine reuptake inhibitor would probably help that person, but ADHD is the only one of those conditions where DRIs are considered a first-line treatment. Someone with the same behaviors for different reasons probably needs something else. It might be different types of OCD, if the cause of your OCD symptoms are bad working memory, adhd meds will help you.

If the cause is unnecessary compulsive, it might not do it. Also heard that intuniv might help. It makes sense to me that it could help some people. I definitely don’t have OCD but I do get thought loops that my medication helps to stop, it might be a similar process for you. As for the counting steps thing, could be that bc your brain is properly stimulated it doesn’t need to fill the space with stuff like that. Kinda the same as what I just said I guess. 

Stimulants are known to sometimes increase anxiety, which is probably why they often make OCD symptoms worse. However, people who really need them generally (not always though) experience the opposite, where they feel more calm and in control with them. This is probably what you’re experiencing and why your OCD symptoms seem to be lessening!

So glad something is finally working out for the best for someone on here. It seems like this sub is full of people always getting tough breaks, so it’s nice to finally see something going well for someone. Hope things continue in such a positive direction for you!  Absolutely. I find that if I take too much of my meds it may have the opposite effect, where I get too focused on one compultion however about half of my prescribed dose completely destroys my compulsive needs to check everything 200 times  adderall decreased all of my anxiety-related issues, including my OCD. Helps that I can actually remember turning off the oven.  