I keep forgetting to do my chores and my parents keep getting mad at me. Advice? Ill keep this short for everyone like me that cant read a long paragraph

I have chores and simple tasks I have to do like feeding my dogs but I keep forgetting to do them. It seems unavoidable at this point that things like this slip my mind. 

I keep getting in trouble all the time for forgetting things and I feel like I can't really help it. What do? I’m 35. I am nationally board certified, I have a masters degree. 

I have a sticker chart.

I fucking love it.

Also, when people remind you to do your tasks thank them and tell them you appreciate the reminder. Don’t apologize or get angry. I found people were WAY more tolerant of my forgetfulness when I expressed gratitude.  Set alarms in your phone, when you hear them go off, say outloud “I am feeding tbe dog” or “I am doing launchdry” or whatever it is. If you command yourself to do it hwen you do it, you’ll do alot better. One thing that helped me is alarms. Set an alarm on your phone to go off every day at the time you have to do the chore. Label it with what the chore is so you don’t forget. You might have 3 different alarms for 3 different chores, or even more if you add ‘reminder’ alarms just in case I use notifications on my phone and calendar alerts. I keep experimenting with systems to try and improve, I suspect that if you are at least trying to solve the problem, your parents will be more understanding. On top of alarms bring back the checklist / sticker chart / habit tracker. check it off every day and have it for when you can't remember what.

Matching them to a habit or event also works, like doggo dinner time at your meal time Do your parents acknowledge/support your ADHD diagnosis? 

I ask because if so, a little learning on their part may also be helpful because although they're still parenting and have a right to be frustrated, it's also important for them to understand that this is the ADHD, not your laziness or failure to care about something. There are books and blogs and podcasts out there that offer tips for parents. 

I was only diagnosed (in my 30s) earlier this year so I'll defer to other commenters on systems, but it's important for both you AND your parents to understand that the ADHD needs structure, routine, and reminders to manage things, none of which come naturally or easily for us.  Reminder app on smart phone. It's a godsend Place things around the house that don’t belong where you put them. When you put them there, say aloud “this is my reminder to do...”

I used to chronically forget my homework. Couldn’t remember to put it in my bag the night before either. So I started putting things deliberately out of place. Like a DVD in the drivers seat of my car. A dinner plate in front of my bedroom door. A baseball in the refrigerator. Every time I’d see them and ask “why is that there” and boom, it was my reminder to put my homework in my bag.  Put alarms on your phone to remind you. Label the alarm with the name of the task and don't turn it off until you actually start doing the task. Or that's what I do to remember random chores or tasks. I use a combination of alarms and reminders in my calendar. I use a mobile app called aCalendar, which lets me colour code reminders, so I set the same type of task in the same colour which makes it easier to recall as I don't have to read it as the colour speaks for itself  When you are focused, devise an external system that will help you stay on focus.

You have to view the elements of your life around you as the external manifestation of the discipline that others have internally.

Use multiple methods. Make them overlap, so if one fails the other is there to do it.

Try different things. Be creative. Don't be ashamed to make them blatant.  


Example:  
Where are you physically when you are capable of feeding the dog? Is the dog food near the refrigerator? Can you feed the dog at the same time you feed yourself? Put the daily schedule on the fridge! Have a magnet that you move from day to day when you've finished the task so you know you've actually done it when you forget five minutes later. (Maybe have one slot for water, too, if you change that out more often.)

Always have your phone? Put alarms on it! Set these up in your calendar, so the time to do it is blocked out, and the visual reminder is there always.

&#x200B;

Hope this helps!

&#x200B; Check out Wunderlist. It's saved me at work and at home countless times. 

As soon as someone tells you to do something, add it to your list and set a reminder.  The last one makes a huge difference. I have two people I supervise at work and when they started I told them a million times, and still remind them, that I'm scatterbrained and reminders are good so they should NOT hesitate or feel guilty about a reminder. Even if I haven't forgotten about it, and even if I might internally grumble for a second, it is ALWAYS appreciated.  YES! My partner and I are making a chore chart to help us keep up with some of the less-frequent chores like dusting and mopping and stuff. 

&#x200B;

We have a husky mix so sweeping is an almost daily task... there's no forgetting to do that. Clutter just exacerbates my ADHD so it's very easy to remember to do laundry, dishes, and pick up around the house.

&#x200B;

I noticed some cobwebs the other evening and realized we have never actually DUSTED this home except when we moved in. We bought the house a year ago. Alarms help so much.  I think HOW someone reminds you is important too.

&#x200B;

There's a difference between "Hey, don't forget to take the trash out" and "You didn't take the trash out?"

&#x200B;

Heck, I'll even take a "Hey, you forgot to take the trash out, hun"

&#x200B;

Otherwise it comes off as if you're accusing the person of intentionally forgetting, and I think that's where the hurt/anger comes from. 