Most frustrating thing your ADHD makes you do For me it’s definitely losing or forgetting someone’s things or what they told me. I hate letting people down or getting them frustrated when I’m really trying not to :( or driving 20 min somewhere only to realize you forgot your wallet lmao

Just wanna see everyone else’s posts so we can all relate! I can't remember a damn thing people say. Like, they can look me in the eye, tell me to do something, and then I have to ask them to repeat themselves over and over. Or in class I could never follow a discussion to save my life. Forget everything, or zone out and miss important details. Both equally frustrating.  forget people’s names/important stuff they tell me because I forget to listen after I ask them a question Forgetting important stuff and procrastinating. I hate when I forget something and then the person gets mad at me. :(

And a lot of times when I'm trying to get something done on time and procrastinate it's because I got distracted by something else and started attending to that instead of the thing I needed done. It's so frustrating! My sleep is ruined ,got shitty impulse control & being always tired. Thanks ADHD The one thing I can't stand is the moment-to-moment forgetfulness. I lose things like pens I literally had in my hand seconds ago because I forget I moved them a few inches. I also reach for things that aren't there from using them a few moments before. It just makes me feel "out of it". I lose my motivation to do literally even the smallest things. I am a horrible procrastinator, it seemed like it was always a struggle like I was trying to push through a web of goo. And then finally 3 months ago I crawled to a complete stop so I decided to quit and spend the summer getting my shit together. Was it that 1. I forced myself for so long to do something I hated an never wanted to do ? 2. Was it ADD ? 3. Was it deep seated emotional issues or 4. maybe just the theory of procrastination of immediate gratification ? 5.  Obsessing over reddit and you tube
Quitting my job answered question 1. And I created a list of things I wanted to all summer including reading and creating art, fun online courses, photography and cooking.  The only thing I did this summer was cook.
I got on concerta and ramped up to 54mg but it hasn't made a dent in my procrastination at all, very disappointing so far. And I have been talking very often to my therapist this summer, usually twice a.week and that hasn't dented it yet.
So a very disappointing summer all and all. Pathological procrastination and perpetually late assignments. My job also requires intense concentration - a lot of money rides on staying focused - so I’m constantly in fear of messing up.  I have been late to every single class so far this semester :( Is this not a "normal" thing to do? I thought I was just self-absorbed. Goddamn this is my worst! And the rejection I feel knowing I’ve disappointed them 😞 