Reminding myself "don't forget..." NEVER worka NE-VER. I decided that by "don't"-ing I was affirming that I would, in fact, forget. Now if I want remember, I either write it down on a list (dynalist.io saves my life) or VISUALISE doing the thing. Works 60% of the time, every time.  I do a doorway checklist. After it became a routine I haven't had to remind myself

Edit: here's how it works
I see the doorway, which triggers an internal memory of the checklist. I then check what I have on my person: phone, keys, wallet, etc. If I have everything, I leave the house. If I don't, I grab it, checklist again, then leave. Rather than telling yourself “don’t forget” try “remember.” It’s helped me a lot! I've been using Wunderlist and the timer on my phone, I have so many reminders it's crazy - but it does help, most of the time. Hi also as part of a course I am doing. I have discovered that if you say don't forget the Adhd brain only processes forget much better and dam it takes some practice and mental desipline. Is I must remember or again the old write it down, Also ever-note is great as it can link into other tech like google home...  The idea that our brains can't process negatives is a pseudoscience sham. Our brains [don't have any issues with processing negative statements](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/02/090211122147.htm) as long as those statements are unambiguous.  
  
The real reason that "don't forget" is a useless reminder is that *you still have to remember it*. If you can't remember the thing you actually need to remember, how are you going to remember to not forget it? It's a 1:1 trade; you don't gain anything.  
  
As you mentioned, writing things down on a list is definitely more useful. You're remembering a potentially infinite number of things for the price of remembering to check your list. Plus, the act of writing that list reinforces your memory of it (which is also what visualization does). Lastly, checking your list is the kind of task you can turn into a habit, which in turn makes it even easier to remember.  
  
**tl;dr - "Don't" is not a magic word. "Don't forget" is useless because it relies on your memory too. Lists kick ass.** Most of what I own - my blankets, my school stuff, my clothes, etc are black. 

So if there's something I need to remember I buy it in a bright color. The bright pink planner stands out and I don't forget it because it's so out of place.

And I buy those giant sticky notes in bright bright blue and have a list that just has everything I need to have before I go out the door in the morning. I stick it right at head level on my bedroom door, so when I go to open it, I see the list, and remember to grab everything. 

If there's anything important, I just add another neon sticky note at head level right next to the list.
 First day since starting Adderall where I remembered to take the car keys out of my pocket and hang them by the door when I came in! If reminder is the only thing you need then, depending on the smartphone in your pocket, simply say the following sentence:

"HEY SIRI remind me to ...... at 9am today." or  

"OK GOOGLE remind me to ..... at 9am today."

Saved my life more than once. I write lists, if I want to remember something I open a tab on safari or something (I'll see it eventually) use timed reminders on my phone, etc.  Google calendar events, Alexa reminders, alarms in the alarm clock app...  I use those things any time someone says “remind me to” or “don’t forget to.”. Nice. 

Now if I could just remember to write, then check the doorlist :-P :D I do something similar to this! Except I call them "pocket checks". And I'm triggered to do it whenever I'm in the process of leaving.

Leaving a restaurant? Pocket check. Leaving a car? Pocket check. Leaving the house? Pocket check! I do a doorway checklist in the form of a giant brightly colored sticky note at head-level on my bedroom door. Yeah, same diff for me, but visualising DOING THE THING does the trick for me :) Yeah, same idea with Dynalist, though doesn't have reminders. For critical upcoming stuff I add to Google Cal with multiple reminders, once the multiple reminders are set they're default for all new additions (they used to have sms, now just email). Digital notes are the worst for me as when I unlock the phone I forget what I was going to write down half the time.

I used a notebook in HS I carried around everywhere. Wrote in it all the time. Probably the main reason I did well in HS. After talking with the psych it clicked and I started using one today. With the Adderall + physical list it's really helpful. Tomorrow I might make a separate list from my Adderall me to regular me with a list of things I forget. Yeah man, (remembering to) visualise works for me. Exponentially realising I don't have to do the thinkings the way neuro-typicals do changes everything for me.

I've tried to love evernote, get the appeal, but it's UI just irks me. I get all that goodness from Dynalist, with Simplenote on the side :) . Sure, good points. 

Yet my point was visual vs abstract cogitating, It's the visual, rather than abstract, that has me remember (it's actually much higher than 60%, that works every time). Nice skills!

I can't help but picture you head to toe black gothic, white face make up, black tears, walking around with a bright neon pink binder. Congrats! I literally did not know you could do this! I do say "ok google" sometimes, maybe i'll do it for more than the weather (when I'm outside, in the weather). Best thing to do is write the checklist now, or when you're thinking about it, then pin it by the door. Then, get into the rhythm of checking the list, afterwich you begin to do it automatically Yup! That's it. I couldn't remember what name I called them, so I went with door check. I pat my pockets and make sure I've got everything. I've actually done this many times in my life, and have 'deferred' to digital because it's just so available, on hand. I've actually got a evernote grid lined notebook in my bag I've scarcely used (work/draw/write in, then take pics to be uploaded and OCR'd to evernote). It's that obsession given by having such a poor memory, yet how much value does one get when thinking 'it's all in the cloud, i'll just get to it later'.

I'd proabably get more value from just going back to physical pages too.I even had a little pocket satchel I made out of a found leather bag that I kept in my pocket, with printed custom diary/matrix pages (though that was def overkill/overcompensating :-P). Minus the white makeup and tears that's pretty accurate. Lol  I'll also glance around and under tables and chairs two to three times as I'm leaving because I'm paranoid of forgetting something. (I try to be inconspicuous but I probably just look crazy.)

I mean, I forget my phone is in my lap *a lot* and drop it when I stand up. So it's reasonable to assume it slipped off my lap or was put on the seat.. :S my problem is that when I manage to get them in there I never seem to look at them again. Yeah, exactly. Hence writing it down - one might get more value by 'getting' it more through writing. 