I need a better Do Not Disturb. I always either forget to turn the sound off on my phone or turn it off and don't see something important. I'm probably not alone in this. Don't you guys wish there was an app that would let me pre-program when my phone is muted. It should:

1. Automatically "quiet" my phone when I'm in class, or at work, even though these times change depending on the day of the week.
2. Allow me to decide what happens to an app's notifications when my phone is on "quiet" mode. For example, my pill reminders still need to go off, and my mom needs to be able to call me.

I have no clue how to program this, and I definitely don't have the time, but I kinda wondered if you guys felt the same way. Smart watch is ace for this very reason. I can decide what notifications go where, and if I desperately need, I can mute it all. Seeing a client and getting a message all that happens is my wrist sort of vibrates.  Good news! The latest version of iOS has much better do not disturb control. I don't think you can set a schedule, but you might be able to set a timer?

That being said, a smart watch is by far the best solution for this 

As far as losing it goes, there are a few ways to deal with that. I wear mine pretty much all the time, and that keeps me from losing it. If you lose it anyways (you know, it happens) you can have a watch finder on your phone... I've used my watch to find my phone many times, and it works great either way You can do this with iPhones and Androids, though i personally had a hell of a time finding where to do this with my android, whereas with the iPhone it was pretty straight forward. Just google how to do it, there are easy instructions out there. Makes a difference to have this feature turned on and programmed properly.  >Don't you guys wish there was an app that would let me pre-program when my phone is muted.  
  
There are shitloads. If the built-in Do Not Disturb isn't cutting it then just search "Do Not Disturb schedule" or "Ringer schedule" in your phone's app store. Most of them have the features you're looking for. Android can do all of those things without external software. I assume you're using Android because you mentioned DnD.

The first part: Do Not Disturb settings under Automatic Rules. Create an Events-based rule for events you have replied "yes" to, and mark your attendance to those events as "yes" in the scheduled event. Alternatively, create a new calendar (eg. "Quiet Events") and add your quiet-time events to that calendar, then select that calendar in the rule and apply it to all events regardless of attendance status.

The second part: Android's notification settings can be configured to allow certain apps past your DnD mode. Open the App Info screen for the app, and examine the notification settings option therein for "override do not disturb".

 Check out "if this then that" - it might be what you're looking for at least on android, you can set priority notifications which will show even when do not disturb is active. In addition you can schedule do not disturb mode fir certain times. Look into it I would definitely lose a smart watch. I know how to use the existing Do Not Disturb feature. I don’t think it’s enough. I’m using iPhone. Can you send me a link? I can’t find anything. I’m using apple, unfortunately. It can’t mute notifications, though I really do like this app. Could be a good workaround, thanks! iPhone’s do not Disturb is very limited feature, unfortunately. 