I have to complete an 18 question questionnaire and an 18 question checklist before my assessment The irony is not lost on me that potential adults with ADHD have to complete such a long list of things before the assessment. 

Any advice, or anything you'd wish you'd known before your adult ADHD assessment? Mine is on Tuesday morning and I'm *terrified* I'm going to forget something critical and it's going to screw everything up. 

~~Also it's taken me a week and a half to get to question 12~~ I forget small details all the time, so whenever I do any sort of interview (even for my PhD programs), I have to bring along my printed or written sheet of questions so I remember what the hell I planned to say.

My psychiatrist was very kind and would ask me if there was anything else on my list that I wanted to discuss with her.

One of my favorite quotes from Driven to Distraction is "Look for the heart of the patient - look for the sorrow and for the joy." If you're doing a clinical interview, make sure you've written down things you've really struggled with over the course of your life. Good luck man. Last year I had to take 33 quizzes in 3 days to pass junior year Ha☄️👻 I wrote it before but 
  
Harm - they are looking for things that affect others, your safety, job security, family, mental health snowballing, burning pans
  
Mitigations - odd things you do to cope, like go to work late to avoid waiting in traffic
  
Overtaken by symptoms - like distracted eating,    like mounting piles of mess, nailbiting+


 That's a good thing way to look at it

Harm - inability to focus and complete tasks leaves me feeling like a failure, increases my depression and self harm. Which then results in job bouncing and no financial security. Impulsive spending as resulted in me defaulting in a lot of things. My family are pretty much sick of my "know it all" attitude cause I speak without letting people finish and butt into conversations.

Mitigation - I arrive everywhere 15 - 30 minutes early because during childhood and teenage years people constantly made comments about me being late. I don't cook food that'll take more than 10 minutes because I can't stand the waiting or I forget about it if I've not brought my phone down to set a timer. I stopped attending lectures and in compulsory classes sit up the back so I can hide.

Overtaken by symptoms - distracted/binge eating, nail biting + picking, I have to walk past my trash can to get out my room yet I'm always leaving soda can and rubbish all over my desk until there's no space. Dishes are always piling high in my room despite going to the kitchen 3 or 4 times per day.

Is that the sort of thing they're looking at? [deleted] My life is one big life disaster :D

I've just finished my appointment with the Psychiatrist, and she's diagnosed me with ADHD and I should be starting medication next week! 