why do people say this isn't a real disorder it's annoying Probably a mix of never having experienced it first- or second-hand and seeing people who don't have it abuse the drugs used for it. Lack of education about it is a large part of it too. Seen plenty of lame FB posts about how a good 'whuppin' would clear the problem right up. I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that, just looking at its symptoms, sounds like "everybody experiences this stuff." What most people don't understand is that what makes ADHD a disorder is that those things are so serious, so pervasive, that it impacts daily life.

No one likes to study, but for someone with ADHD it's a fate worse than death. Everyone loses their keys every now and than, but not like an ADHDer who loses them every week. Of course people forget what they're doing sometimes, but not like someone with ADHD who can't keep track of basically anything. 

Hell, my mind goes blank every time I change location. I don't forget what I was doing like once every other week, it's dozens of times per day. For someone with ADHD, 100% of their efforts and struggles equates to another person just coasting. That's why I bust my ass in school for a 3.0 GPA, and everyone else I know can coast through school with no less than a 3.5. Some people say ADHD isn't a "real disorder" because they are ignorant and simply don't understand. The main reason i think is solipsism i.e.-the problem of having separate minds. We also assume that my mind works the same way everyone else's does. I can't go in to your mind, and tell how HARD you've worked at something, I can only go off of your word, and as ADHD is notorious for, we have a hard time establishing our words of having any value after a certain time, so it makes it hard to understand. 

            All you can say is: "you're not in my mind, so stop pretending like we're the same when it comes to expectations and capabilities and stop invalidating my experiences because you'd hate if i did the same to you." Best of luck bro. Why worry about what uninformed people have to say?  If they don't understand, then try to limit your contact with them. People like to argue it seems and feel important if they appear contrary, refuting everything and anything on a whim for the stimulation it gives to their boring lives 


edit ,not that I've ever done anything like that. Find the study that shows how stimulant medication positively impacts gray matter in the frontal lobe of someone with ADHD compared to a neurotypical brain. Carry it with you at all times. 