I lose so much money on not returning things Today I just realized I forgot to return a Halloween costume that I bought online in 2 sizes. So my $80 costume just became a $160 costume. The deadline to return was yesterday but I was so stressed out about returning it I didn’t want to check the date for the past week or two.    

I’m afraid to buy clothes online anymore bc I never return the ones that don’t fit. Idk why it’s so hard, but I’ve probably lost $1000+ on things I didn’t return and I’m sick of it. Anyone have any tips on how to get better at this or just commiserate with me? I’m also bad at paying bills or cashing checks. I have so many checks that people have written me that I’ve let expire. You’d think I’d want to cash it bc it’s free money but I just don’t.    

I’ve tried keeping a list of things to return but then my anxiety brain just makes me willfully ignore the list. I’m so mad at myself and wish I could get my shit together. Thanks for listening everyone.  Oh my god I do this all the time. Clothes, library books, equipment, even a rent the runway dress once. The anxiety is horribly paralyzing--it's like I can't even face the need to do it. What's kinda worked for me is embracing my shame. Letting myself just feel the waves of anxiety and weird embarrassment that seems to surround returning things I've purchased. Then, I can start to move past it and try to return whatever it is or deal with the consequences and move forward. So fucking painful, but so necessary for me. "ADHD tax" - so many library books, unreturned things, project materials unbuilt.... My worst thing is forgetting to pay fines. A simple $80 fine ends up blowing up to hundreds of dollars because I forget to pay it, then the reminder letters arrive, and I *still* forget to pay it. It freakin' sucks :( **Keep packaging for online purchases and repack items that don’t fit immediately after trying them on. I have an ikea 4 cube cubby by my front door with packing tape and a box cutter in one of the cubes for ease of opening/sealing packages

**Set up autopay for bills, open a separate bank account if necessary and have enough of your paycheck direct deposited to cover monthly bills

**Mobile deposits for checks with your bank’s mobile app

It took trial and error, along with wasting a lot of money before I was able to solidify these habits. They are set in stone now though!

You got this!!!!!! I've found that I have to deal with it asap, do as much as I can to solve the problem, or make it as easy as possible to solve for future me (who won't care as much as me right now). The anxiety and difficulty seems to come from the more time I leave between the first event and having to deal with it. >I was so stressed out about returning it that I don’t want to check the date

This is a major part of my life that is ridiculous. Any task that is a stress factor or makes me nervous about doing has the tendency to make me want to wholly avoid them.

Discipline. So hard I would still call customer service from wherever you bought the clothes. I've done this many times and sometimes if you're polite they will still take the return if you pay for shipping. 

I also try to buy at places that have great return policies like Nordstrom. I also thrift most of my clothes so some failed pieces here and there don't break the bank  Clothing I buy online. I am careful to cut along the edge of the bag or carefully open the box. I bring everything in my room and try on the garment. Doesn’t fit? Ok package it right back up and go print a return slip. Tape it back up and set it by the door. That way there’s nothing to dread. It’s done. 

Things I buy in stores. I try to keep the packaging together the same way. I put the stuff in my car so the next time I’m near the store it’s right there. 

All that being said I’ve forgotten stuff before and just had to suck it up which is why I try harder now to be efficient  Fix the problem the moment it comes up.

Or the moment you can fix it.

Make it your top priority.

That’s pretty much the ONLY way I get anything done ever.

Pretend it’s literally the most important thing I have to do. Happens all the time! Not paying attention and order a sweater in size small (twice) only to finally get the correct size.... now left with 3 of the same sweater!  The key for me is to return stuff immediately, like literally minutes after I’ve received it. This only works with online shopping. I’ll buy a bunch of stuff, wait until everything has arrived, then spend an evening trying on everything. Every item goes immediately into one of 3 piles: keep, return, and undecided. At the end, I reevaluate the undecideds and change them to keep or return. 

The return pile comes with me to work the next day, along with the packing slip and the bag/box it came in, and I put that shit in the mail as soon as I get to work. If even a day goes by between receiving something and returning it, the moment has been lost — it’s never going back.   I have a blu-ray in my possession I borrowed for my bachelor party.

I'm divorced.

I hate cashing checks. I hate writing invoices. I hate writing checks. I hate paying bills (everything is on autopay). Oh, I accepted a long time that I can't order something online and plan to return it because I won't.

I also can't use libraries.

Or borrow things from people, unless I can give it back right away.

Or use gift tokens (I usually palm these off on my husband ASAP).

Or make promises in general.

That's my life tip - don't take on responsibilities you know you'll fail to fulfil because they exist later. I may or may not be planning to order another pair of those trousers that I ordered several weeks ago that were too large and which I forgot to return. I may or may not then return the first pair as the second pair and pretend they sent me the wrong size. I may or may not feel like a comic book super villain. Oh shit this just reminded me to try and return stuff to 2 different stores lol. Thank you!!!  I totally get this. What has helped me is adding a note in my calendar or reminders in my phone as I’m buying/renting something for the return date so I don’t have to stress about it later. For example, if I rent textbooks on amazon I usually will make an event in my calendar on my phone for about a week or so before the return date (or right after my final if a week before the return date is before the class final) and also add the day it’s actually due. For example, on December 17th “return psychology book (BEFORE 12/23)” or something like that. If I rely on myself to check the date as the date nears, I will be too anxious to actually look it up (as silly as that sounds). It’s really quick and I really try to remember as I’m making the order so that I try to help myself later on. 
(As a side note, I’ve found that amazon has been pretty lenient on some return dates with me in the past. I knew for sure I was returning some things past the due date but I had already printed the return receipt and shipping label ahead of time and never got around to just dropping it off in the box/taking it to the ups store and I still got fill credit for sending it a bit past the due date. Just an FYI) If I was a super hero, "Late Fee" would be one of my recurring villians😑 I have been saying forever that ADD/ADHD costs you more. It's not returning things, not sending in rebates, not paying bills on, late fees, late fees, late fees. Then there's all the things that in theory one on an even keel could do to save money. Things that are just impossible. It just costs you in every way.  If you're bank or credit union has an app that app will generally let you photo deposit your checks. So, when you remember you have checks instead of thinking "darn it I need to go to the bank/ATM to cash these" and forgetting to, just whip out your phone and do it right then! It's been super helpful for me as I've also forgotten about checks before. Just make sure to shred & recycle them after so you don't accidentally try to deposit it twice!

As far as returning things goes: Amazon has an option on some returns where ups will pick up the item for you from your home. You just have to box it up before they come.

If you're a prime member they will extend returns for a few days if you call them in my experience. Just say you were busy and it slipped your mind.

Amazon has one of the best customer service teams though, not sure how many other places would do that-- but it's always worth a shot!

And finally, if all else fails eBay it away. You won't make as much of your money back as if you returned it but you'll make more than nothing! The only problem with this is remembering to ship the item lol. This hurts to read as I think of the giant box of amazon crap I don’t like and still own. I even BOUGHT a printer so I could print return labels. I’ve even printed labels for a lot of this crap. But here it still is. Taking up money and space, still being owned by me. I’m the worst at this. I either take it in and say I don’t have the receipt or it was a gift and try to get store credit or I try to sell it online. But I totally relate with not checking the return date bc you’re too scared to know.  I know what you mean Amazon has charged me for like 3 months for Prime that I keep meaning to cancel lol. The sad part I only used it for like 1 purchase this entire time lol i avoid buying things unless I know I won't have to return them. this means I have to leave my house to buy clothes, but at least I can try them at the store and I know I won't have to remember to return it later. 

adding the return date to your planner/calendar as soon as you know you want to return it. then you can forget about it until you reach the day/week it has to be done. helps me with library books.  I have checks (yes, there's more than one) in my purse that are two years old that I forgot to cash.  :(   I keep them there to torture myself, I guess... Just to remind myself of how awful I am at this thing called life.   The other day I put my energy drink on the snow beside my car to cool it while I loaded my groceries, then got in and drove off without it. The worst part was me thinking to myself "I hope I don't forget that there" Wow. I’m literally in this spot right now. Still need to return some. I still have time but it’s literally down to days when I had 30 days.  Dude same. I lose so much money not returning things to the library at my university. Or returning the item, getting the refund receipt back with credit on it and leaving it in my wallet with 1 million other receipts. Thanks for reminding me !  OH MY GOD. Get out of my head. I lost over Q5000 because I forgot to cancel a gym membership from a place that was close to my old job. I worked there like 5 years ago. Set up automatic payments for bills.  So much money. 

I think they must bank on a lot of people doing that actually Yep. I'm in the first late period on both my cars with CA DMV.

I call it the "ADD tax"

Here's hoping I get them taken care if before the next tier of penalties go into effect in like 4 days I therefore never buy stuff with the goal of returning them, I know I'm terrible at it. I also pay for things when I order, I'm terrible with bills.  I still bleed money in issues like this though. Where my library books at!!!! (I don't know because I lost themmmm..,,,) I’m always forgetting to return things... I have about $100 worth of purchases sitting in my closet that I forgot about. Granted I could probably take them anyway and say i lost the receipt and get money back. I did that with $123 worth of clothing that I missed returning by a week. Took it to the store and accepted merchandise credit. Ended up getting $45 more than what I actually spent in the first place! But it’s still something I need to stop doing. Part of its because I hate the confrontation of returning items.  Lol this happened to me just yesterday. I sat on returning something, even put it in my car so I wouldn't forget, went to return and could only get store credit. Mother. F-er. Yup.  Wearing boots right now that are just a hair too small, but I put off returning them and now they're mine. Currently very scared cause I forgot to pick up my working license until I the ultimatum I received from my supervisor today. I called for info on how to pick it up and guess who lost her folio?  For checks, I always use the mobile deposit option through my banks app. That way im not required to actually go anywhere outside of finding my phone and the check I need to deposit. I bought a halloween costume that didn't fit and I wore it anyway for halloween because I didn't have the motivation to buy another one. I bought very expensive underwear a while ago and I did the same thing as you, being too scared to check the date. If my boyfriend hadn't forced me to send it back I probably wouldn't have. Perhaps ask someone else to make you send it back? Tell them to keep telling you every day to send it back if they can. Then write down steps on what you're going to do to get it sent back: e.g. Step 1: fill in the return slip, Step 2: make sure it's all wrapped and the stickers are on it Step 3: drive to the post office and so on.. It helps me when I break it down like that as I get less overwhelmed by it all.  Did this with 2 suits a few months ago. Imagine paying £350+ for something you don't even want - what is my life lol I’m so happy blockbuster is not a thing anymore.  I just bought a $300 suit from ASOS online. Got it a week ago. It’s too small. Managed to get it back in the box at least so far... I do this ALL of the time, lamo! ..... it's also sad lol Habit is key.

After every shopping trip I ask myself, “what is the most likely item I will return?” Then I leave the receipt with it. I only get rid of the receipt after I have used the item enough to determine, “if it broke now, I would accept the loss as my own.”

For online items I try to keep the box like the receipt above. I still miss the deadline sometimes, but that box is a reminder to try it and doubles as the return container.

For the actual return, I leave the prepared bag or box by the door. The shipping place is right next to the grocery store, so this is usually resolved within two weeks.

Physical reminders work so much better than notes for me. Hope this helps.
 I do the same thing!!! It is so easy to forget to return. This is why I had to stop using Redbox to rent movies. Now, of course, it’s so much easier to rent online, but back in the day I was getting charged $20 a movie. 

For checks... now that I know how to use the atm at my bank properly it is so easy to deposit checks.  You just drive up and hit deposit and insert them.  Hope that helps.  I still owe £20 to my local library from over 10 years ago. :(  I've learned more about myself in the last few months just by reading this sub than I have in 40 years! I get my shit together in one area just to forget about another. I love this sub!  It worked in my favor once.... blockbuster completed closed down before I finally remembered to return a Blu Ray of one of my favorite movies

(I suppose there is still that one in Oregon, but it seems unlikely they will be demanding it back) Check your credit card. Many of them have benefits that extend your return window.  OMG ME TOO!!!! I hate this. I constantly buy stuff from Target and forget to return it. I bought a $60 halloween costume this year that I never wore and missed the return period for. It was a poorly made costume too, so I'm unlikely to wear it next year.

My tips:

I used poshmark to sell my clothing I was unable to return for a while, but it requires serious discipline. I ended up giving it up because I was making so many sales it made me anxious. 

Alternatively, keep it and sell it on Facebook when Halloween rolls around next year. Join some community buy/sell/trade groups. You'll probably make some of your money back.

Paying bills = put it on auto pay. Set a phone reminder on the day before to make sure you have the funds in your bank. Include a link in the reminder so you can easily click it from your phone.

Cashing checks = mobile banking. Scan it in and go. No need to go to the bank!
 Are you me? Honestly I hate ordering things online for this reason.  I legit let myself lose 120 dollars on a textbook I returned to Amazon because I couldn't make myself contact my bank after Amazon support told me to go to them instead so...I relate.  Ugh so I have not been officially diagnosed but I am in the process of. That said I have three boxes of things sitting here waiting to be returned that are passed the return date. You just reminded me to grab one on my out so thanks for that!!! I impulse but from my phone so frequently and none of it actually fits and I never remember to return. I just assumed I was a disaster lol.  Commiseration a-plenty! I have no idea how much money I have wasted. 😣

Here’s what works SOMETIMES for me: I try really hard not to buy things that I need to return (so I shop locally for clothes whenever possible). When I have something I need to return, I break it down into ridiculously small steps: put bag with receipt in car. Go to store. Etc. And I figure out how much I’m getting back and tell myself I’m being paid that much. When I get to the mall to return some shirts I picked up (because I broke my rule of not buying things I will probably have to return), I am going to make $60! Who doesn’t want to make $60 for a 20 minute task?

Like I said, it doesn’t always work. But at least I don’t lose ALL the money. (I use the “pay” trick when I need to cancel something too, or have a phone call that will avoid me losing money.) I hate this, it's such a struggle buying clothes online.  God. This is me. Over $300 in refunds but I'm too lazy to return them.  Sell on ebay. At least you get some % back.  I've done this with textbooks as well.. I use reminders on my phone constantly. And the calendar. All my bills are on the calendar so I know when they're due. If I'm away from home and remember something I tell my phone to remind me when I get home. I had a lot of problems with managing my finances when I was younger, but I've (mostly) got a handle on it now. Anything that needs to go out I put it next to my purse by the door so I see it. Yup, clutch kit for my car did Not fit, got the replacement and never sent the old one back. 300$ paperweight. Worst part is idk what car the one they sent me is for so can't even sell it whats this return thing? i just have piles of random shit pile up until i throw them out For Checks I have discovered that my banking app lets me deposit checks by taking photos of it- make sure you read the fine print in the app so it gets deposited properly (for example I have to write "for mobile deposit only" for my bank. It's the best way ever cause you can do it from anywhere you have your cell phone!!!  every time I rent something (which isn't often), I put the due date in the calendar, then a few weeks of reminders that list the late fees that are added each day..


Needless to say, I still own a fuckload of library books xD I just can't cope with finances at all. I haven't paid my water, gas or electricity bills for over 2 years because they keep sending me bills with incorrect estimates on and the amounts make me extremely anxious and the fact they're wrong makes me really angry even though I don't have a smart meter or ever let anyone in to take a reading.

I have no idea how the water company even found where I live and that makes me very anxious.

The more they send me demands and letters and phone messages about paying, the more the anxiety builds and the less I can cope to the point where I get the letters and just throw them in a box behind my sofa. It's terrifying and paralysing.

I also feel extremely embarrassed about returning items and have trouble getting out to pay cheques into my bank account.

Fuck ADHD. It has absolutely no benefits.  Story of my life!  I've found with the new banking I havent had a problem depositing checks. I find it so easy to take a picture of a check with my phone and boom its deposited. Does your bank have this feature? The thing which sucks the most is there is no list or tool which ever truly solves this for me except for forcing myself to do the task immediately. It gets life done on time but is inconvenient as hell. I have multiple notebooks, sticky notes all over the place, smart timers on my phone, and multiple software assistants all trying to keep me on task but none of it will ever change the fundamental issue of ADHD. Oh yes. I have lost sooo much money because of the endless struggle that is returning stuff. I once ordered picture frames from target's website. They arrived smashed. I managed to get the box of glass into my trunk... And it's still there, 3 years later. I've gone to target several times since. It's not even that I forget so much as I just can't, and the longer it sits, the harder it gets to deal with. I think that box of glass will stay in there until the end of time. Literally bought a pair of converse that wasn't my size (hello not paying attention) and then forgot to return them🤦🏾‍♀️ I've had to accept that I can't order clothes online for this reason. I have boxes and boxes of shit I've ordered and either didn't like or didn't fit when it came in that I just neglected to send back. I honestly do not understand for the life of me why I do that...  My boyfriend does this with everything. He hasn’t returned our costumes, a glasses try on thing that all he does is have to stick in the mail box, a Christmas gift for his mom that didn’t work last year. I am terrible about this.  I once returned a library book that was a full eight years overdue, and I still have the very first DVD that Netflix ever shipped to me back in the day.

As a result, I have just structured my life around never _having_ to return things.  I buy clothes in person and try them on first.  Before streaming video I didn't rent movies, because I knew the late fees would make them more expensive in the long run.  Instead, I just bought second hand ones whenever I felt like renting.  Some I sold later, some I didn't, but there was never a deadline on returning.

I use Overdrive/Libby and check out lots of ebooks and audiobooks from my library, but those automatically "return" when they expire so I can never accrue late fees.  The same with renting streaming videos from Amazon or other streaming services.  

I think in my entire adult life I have returned a total of about eight items. I feel like I’ve found my people. 
I didn’t realize anyone else was like this too.  ........ So when you're told there's something with a date to do a thing by, take a second, RIGHT THEN, do not go anywhere, do not do anything else, stand there for a second and schedule an event on your calendar called 'RETURN THE LIBRARY BOOKS' or 'Last day to contact Casper to return mattress' or 'SEND HALLOWEEN COSTUME BACK BY TODAY'. Do it a full day in advance even so you build in the time to go to FedEx or whatever you need to. When the alert comes up that day, you can tell Google Assistant or Siri "Remind me to do ____ in 30 min/1hr/when I'm home" 

You guys have the fucking technology. Use it. Your life will be better. Stop what you're doing and fucking use it. My mom does this shit and it's infuriating. You not doing this is knowingly fucking yourself over in the future at this point. This isn't some superiority thing, it's that this shit is here all the time and you literally carry the tool that helps fix the problem in your pocket constantly and just... don't use it???  Just trying to understand the situation, what about just checking a date is hard? 

I would say the solution to all this is writing down the date and stick to it, however

if writing down the date is a problem on itself, thats a dead end for you it seems.

&#x200B;

So my question (not trying to be a smartass or annoying, genuinely want to understand and see into this problem) what makes just checking the date or writing it down so hard? I’ve never used rent the runway but I can already see myself not returning the dress haha.   

I know what you mean about embracing the shame. I’ve done that before and been able to pay lots of overdue bills at once and make actual plans to return things. The problem is even getting to that point of being able to embrace my shame requires a great deal of courage and mental fortitude that I don’t have on most days. But when I am in such a mood, I sure as hell take advantage of it. Because you’re right, it’s so necessary.    I didn't even know this was an ADHD thing I thought everyone was like this.  Omg I still have books from the library that were due back months ago. I am surprised I haven't been charged for it yet 😬. I just cannot bring myself to send them back I didn’t realize it was an adhd thing! That would be me, it makes me crazy! Legit didnt know this was an adhd thing. Thought I was just too irresponsible  How about mail in rebates? Ive learned to just not discount the rebate from the price when figuring out the total price because i know i wont mail it in. Its like the easiest way to make money but i still dont do it.  I actually came to the conclusion that it was cheaper for me to just buy a book up front than borrow it from the library. It’s sad bc I really like going to the library but I just couldn’t afford to anymore. I feel this so much. When I lived in LA a $280 traffic ticket turned into $700 because I misremembered the due date. Paid it immediately to not go to court but damn that hurt :( And cancelling services that you don't use anymore. Well … have you ever ignored student loan payment reminders for like 2 years? I’m not saying I have, but … I have. I got a parking ticket that I knew was incorrect several months ago and instead of going and fighting it I just ignored it, and ended up paying double the fine because I let it go until after the due date ..  These are amazing systems!! Especially the cubby with the box cutter and tape station— genius!   

I just learned about mobile deposits and I’ve got autopay on reoccurring bills. It’s mostly medical bills that trip me up haha.    

Thank you for the encouraging words! And congrats on your reformed habits. May we all follow in your organized footsteps. :) Yes, this! “Habit and Automation are key to ADHD.” Is my new mantra. Wow, I really like this idea that future me doesn’t care about current me’s problem very much. That gives me incentive to protect myself from future me by doing as much as possible now. Thank you for this new perspective!  Just trying to understand the situation, what about just checking a date is hard? 

I would say the solution to all this is writing down the date and stick to it, however

if writing down the date is a problem on itself, thats a dead end for you it seems.

&#x200B;

So my question (not trying to be a smartass or annoying, genuinely want to understand and see into this problem) what makes just checking the date or writing it down hard? It was through amazon prime and shipped to me from a 3rd party vendor (bc of course I put off buying a costume until a week before lol). I guess I should call amazon just to see what they say.    

Yea true, some dept stores have 90 day returns, and at least there’s always store credit unlike amazon. Though when I have a 90 day window I’m even less on top of it bc then I feel like I have a whole year. Wow that “package it right back up” trick might actually work! It seems so simple now that you say it but never occurred me. I’ll have to try it out. Thanks!

Sounds like you’re doing pretty well. :)  Yup! Me with 3 pairs of the same l l bean boot and only one fits *cries* This is good. I like this. A key part is waiting to open everything until it has all arrived and sorting immediately.  I’ve done this so many times omg 😭🙌🙌 Yay!! Godspeed! Yes! I started making myself try things on in store. Even if it’s a little more expensive, I’ll be confident in my purchase, and if it’s a nicer store they can even do the alterations for you No, most people do not feel embarrased or anxious about returning items.

My only guess is that with ADHD we are so prone to forgetting things that our main memory of returning things is of doing so late or having to explain we lost it and can't return that the anxiety link is set up and we can't let it go even when we are within the deadline. I don't know if its an ADHD thing but I don't think most people are like this and I sure as heck am. See if your library lets you use the Libby app by Overdrive! You can check out digital copies of books. They even have a decent selection of audio books. When they expire, they are returned automatically, so no late fees. Library access to PDFs and audiobooks has saved me. Most libraries do now so you should at least try it out. Audiobooks are great for chores or repetitive work. 2nd hand bookstores & the Goodwill have great finds. Free PDFs online? I’ve found that these work pretty well for me! I feel this. This post has also just reminded me that I borrowed books that were due back in September and I only read 1/6 of them...

They're currently sitting on my dresser (which is very much not at the library). Whoops. Me too :( And I didn't mind so  much at my old library because they were nice even when I was late but I moved to Germany and the staff at the American Library here are so mean and shout at you if you have fees to pay so I don't go there any more. Abebooks.com really good prices. Ugh I paid for about 9 months of audible because every time I worked out the power to attempt to cancel the service I was reminded it can't be done from your phone, so then I'd make a mental note to do it as soon as I got on my laptop and then forget audible exists until the next month when I got the email saying my service was extended.

Also paid $100/month for 8 months straight a rock climbing gym I went to twice the first month. Just couldn't bring myself to get there and cancel the membership. Finally went in and they told me "all you have to do is email this address and say you want to cancel" so naturally I put the piece of paper with the email in my pocket and FORGOT UNTIL I GOT CHARGED FOR ANOTHER MONTH. 

UGH. So much wasted money lol I moved out of my last house 10 months ago and still paying for the internet. At least it's for my ex housemates that I still like instead of some random corporation.  I hate medical bills! The time delay between when I go to the doctor and when I get the insurance bill KILLS me. I'd rather pay up front when services are rendered! Another suggestion (which I've been meaning to get on for a few weeks myself) is to get an actual physical calendar and write things on it. Due dates, return dates, trips etc ideally go on the calendar. I think this'll help counter the effects of out of sight; out of mind. 

Now I just need to stop forgetting to pick up a calendar for myself.  For me it's because there's a decent chance that the date will have already past and I'll feel like crap. Followed by oh well, guess I can scratch  that off the to do list since it's too late now..darn.

Or the date will be imminent enough that I need to deal with it then, and I usually really don't want to deal with things. Not knowing means I get a reprieve on taking action for that day at least. Neither is hard. It’s the *thing* that I have to do by that date that makes me nervous or stressed, which will make me procrastinate on the matter because I *really* don’t wanna deal with it. Which means I automatically avoid looking at deadlines because that will add to the stress (now, see how this can be a problem at school & work?)

I’ve trained myself - to an extent - to just *look* at the date to see if I’m on schedule and just *start*. But yknow, sometimes, I fall back to bad tendencies. Procrastination is the most powerful boss monster that often defeats me.

It’s a stupid reason to those that don’t experience this but the feeling of starting something that is new or involves a lot of stress can invoke quite the unease in me.

Oh and what 20-20-24hoursago said Nordstrom is in a class of their own when it comes to returns! I am the exact same way with anxiety surrounding returns and have also wasted a ridiculous amount of money because of it. Shopping at Nordstrom really does help in this regard!

Their policy is that there is no policy. You can return it whenever, wherever. Everything sold in-store gets a new barcode stuck to the label that references the transaction and everything online is already linked to your proof of purchase, so you don't need to worry about having a receipt. They are so accommodating and kind and never question or hassle.

Also, Zappos allows one year for returns, which has paid off too. This has been working pretty reliable for me. Done with something? Clean it up right away. If I leave it, it's a lost cause.  It’s the little things that add up. I’m pretty efficient at organizing my life when I try but still need to organize all those scattered thoughts in my head. That’s where the real mess is! To add on to that advice, if I already know I will be returning something, like in your instance buying two sizes, I start the return process before I try on the items. So if it has a return slip inside I go ahead and write the the product information and leave out the size. Or with Amazon I will start a return for both sizes and print out the return slips. You can cancel the return that's not needed later or Amazon will automatically cancel it after you pass the return by date.

I do this because even if I pack up the item and tell myself I will immediately print out the return form....I won't. 

And lastly after I pack it up, I then put it in my work bag because I know if I forget to stop by the post office on my way into work, that I can have it picked up through my office's mailroom. This is such a struggle for me.  "I'll do it tomorrow" or "I'll do it later" is so extreme for me and there are so many things I've been putting off.

As an adult in the kind of work I'm in, it affects my work a lot.  So much, that the meds I'm on right now are less traditional antidepressant used as an ADHD med and "take as needed" anxiety meds. This is the reason I signed up for Kindle Unlimited on Amazon. I borrow tons of books to my hearts content but they only let me have 10 out at a time (for the same flat rate per month), so I'm always throwing one out and replacing it with a new one. I rarely actually read them but I never pay late fees haha I've never canceled audible from a computer. I've always been able to do this from the Android app as of maybe 2-3 years ago. Sure it's extra clicking on tiny buttons, but, it worked for me. Things might've changed of course or you could use a different phone OS...  I have a couple of bank accounts. The one for “unplanned, unavoidable expenses” gets a large percent of my paycheck whether I use it or not. I finally picked up a calendar a couple of weeks ago, of course after way too much time wasted agonizing over picking the "right one" that I could see myself actually using.  I got it out of the clearance section, but it rang up full price and I was to embarrassed to speak up or decline to get it, as the full price was ridiculous. So I immediately decided I'd just return it the next day then. 

A week later I realized I was never really going to return it and I also didn't want to waste more hours looking for another one. So I decided I'd just go ahead and use the dang thing and took all the packaging off. I haven't touched it since. It now just mocks me with its presence😂 it makes me feel so less alien to hear someone else gets my don't look at the date thing! It really is quite absurd sounding, but the struggle is real. my spirit animal must be an ostrich, head firmly in the sand My problem would be forgetting to look at the calendar once it's finally set up.  It’s because whatever needs to be done requires more brainpower than we want to use hahahaha I did that with my Google calendar and reminders, so that's why I thought I'd try one I can physically hold....  I hope it works for you! 