Waiting for people to stop talking. I find myself going silently insane whenever people are talking to me for any length longer than 10 seconds, even friends/loved ones.  It feels like an eternity listening to them ramble on even if they were only speaking for a minute.  I get fixated on the sound of peoples lips moving and it feels like there are bugs crawling inside my body and it makes me want to scream. 

My gf has told me she always feels like i'm just waiting for her to stop talking, and i hate myself for doing this to her. Even though I am listening to every word she says, it feels like i'm being crushed under a wall of words. Has anyone else had this problem? or found any solutions to help it?

EDIT: i'm perscribed vyvanse 50 mg/daily My SO also has ADHD too and tends to over explain the lead up and details to a story. It sucks because I actually really like to listen to him talk except for the over explaining. There's just that point where my attention span snaps like a rubber band and I can feel my eyes start to gloss over. Then he sees it and he can tell he was rambling and we both feel bad. I just try to stay engaged in the conversation by asking questions if I feel like I'm about to lose it. I have the exact same problem. I often find myself either finishing their sentences for them or interrupting them when I have something I want to say . I feel like if I don't get what I want to say out that I will forget it or won't be able to add it to the conversation later. Not to mention trying to pay attention to what they are trying to say only to be distracted by tangential thoughts. This has made some of my relationships really hard. My mom talks in circles and NEVER gets to the point, going on and on. It is exhausting. I literally leave every conversation with her feeling extremely frustrated and like a horrible daughter for not being able to be patient with her.  Weed. It's the only thing that ever helped with impatience for me. of course you can't be stoned all the time  Saaaame. Most of my focus ends up going to not blurting out HURRY UP at whoever is talking.  For me most of the time if i can relate to the topic, i stop listening as soon i know what I want to say. Then i keep trying to keep the thought in my head until its my turn or i just interrupt the other person so I don't forget my thought.



If i cant relate to the topic,....i stop listening and follow my trail of thoughts, nod and say yes... =/

Esp. bad when im on the phone... All the time. I had a strong feeling it was ADHD related and that I was just being polite and waiting for the to stop talking. 

Kind of wish they would just say "over" when their done talking. I interrupt people all the time because I will forget what I wanted to say. Most of my friends understand this, so it doesn't bother them, but I have to explain it to people who don't know me well before we even start talking. Then sometimes I interrupt them, get in the middle of a sentence and lose my train of thought. It's embarrassing! I'm old, so people think I have early dementia. 

The great thing about being on meds now is being able to carry on a decent conversation. i know the feel. there's a girl i know who talks without any pause for 8min straight. i actually clocked her yesterday. it's like a steady stream of words. it's fucking ridiculous. you can't get a word in. i felt like i couldn't breathe just listening to her.  I hate people explaining things that go on and on and on, yet I go in and on and on. I am working with on constantly reminding myself to wait. If I am on the phone I put it on mute while the person is talking. That has helped a lot, but I struggle in person.  Omg!  I thought it was just me!  Lol.  I will interrupt people and finish their sentences.  I will think to myself "is this person mentally handicapped,  why are they so slow? " I will break eye contact and start staring off at other things.I get very fidgety.  This past week I've been working on letting people finish their stories and not losing eye contact... So hard.  But my coworkers and friends all now how I am.  I've already apologized and explained.  I do hear them.  Lol it drives my husband and crazy... We went to best buy yesterday looking for speakers.  This girl is helping us and asks a question... It seems like my hubby says nothing for like 5 minutes when I'm sure it was like 10 seconds but I jumped right in and answered her questions. He tried to say something but it was like he was talking  in slow motion so I finished his sentence for him.  Oops.   I find myself repeating “don’t interrupt, don’t explain it for them, keep your mouth shut” over and over in conversations. it helps, but only a little. Haaa. I hate this the most. And the talking over people . I talk over people all the time because they aren't speaking fast enough.  I stop listening. Not on purpose but when someone talks for awhile I just kind of space out. Can't help it. In my experience listening to a long story with a lot of detail will make me lose interest or miss the "main" point, and I'm simultaneously trying to develop what i'm going to follow up with but I ultimately forget and reply with an insincere, "oh, woow" My husband is the worst story teller. He’s so slow,  and not very engaging and often misses important parts of the story. Aside from being adhd I did public speaking/drama/debating and all of those things when I was younger so I’m especially judgey. Now, telling me stories makes him stressed because he can tell how fast he’s losing me so he gets nervous and his story telling gets even worse haha we just find it funny mostly.  Fuck this is me. Whenever someone asks me a question or whenever I’m recounting something, I feel like the response or story I give is never straightforward. I always explain the fuck out of everything but then I know how frustrating it is to listen as well 

Is your SO by any chance more hyperactive and a bit pedantic?  OH MY GOD that is my husband. And even when I'm like okay, great, you don't need to explain the entire history of Spain to me just to tell me this story about Antonio Banderes he's like *pause* "So anyway, in the 14th century, they had these things called corregidors" and I want to stab him lmao.  I over explain stuff AND I gloss over super quick when anyone talks to me ahhh there is always guilt  Haha, yeah it's the worst when you know exactly what they are going to say next. Just *waiting* as you almost literally hear their next 10 or 20 words before they've said them. How do they not know it's implied/obvious and unnecessary? 

But then, I explain things in such incredible detail that I must be saying way more obvious crap than they are! My mom does this too and I completely understand. She just talks SO much. I get so annoyed. It's so hard to explain but it's the most frustrating thing about her. Same holy shit seriously oh god holy shit same. it's like someone will be telling me something and i'm sitting there in agony trying my hardest not to yell GET TO THE POINT. I just keep saying "shut the fuck up" in my head over and over lol Haha! Or pass each other a talking stick! 

Or maybe not. Instead of interrupting I'd just start reaching to take it from them! Yes and yes, he is. Rambling isn't all that bad though. Some people like to listen. I love that you asked if her SO is pedantic! Chuckle, chuckle. I have the same, but when I realize people are losing focus on my story, I manage to find a way to skip to the interesting part or the punchline, it seems to work most of the time. Aw, sounds like he's sharing out of caring... ❤

And I'm totally having flashbacks to history lessons with my dad...

 Every damn time. I ask A LOT of questions, and I have found if I wait 1-4 seconds the person ends up telling me the answer to my question. I
Keep tying to tell myself to just wait, so I don’t interrupt. I also always tell people if I interrupt them, for them to tell me because I don’t realize it. My coworkers have found it helps me and I agree. They feel like they are being rude when they point it out, and I learn to stop doing it in the moment.  I have tried communicating with her on multiple occasions about why I don’t talk with her much (because of how different our communication styles are). She chooses to take it personally even though she knows I have adhd. What’s hard is when siblings bring up how I am not as close to mom as they are. I don’t wish I was a favorite or anything, but I wouldn’t have chosen to be the “black sheep”. That is exactly what I go through. Yep. And it’s hard to hide and then people just think you are a jerk. I feel your pain!!  haha yeah I just hope that whoever I'm rambling to isn't as frustrated and impatient as I am when I'm listening to someone rambling about something I don't want to hear about. lol and he sounds a lot like me He is, and he is my absolute favorite human being on the planet. Could not love him more. 

But oh my God. lol When he says, "Wait, before I go further, do you know about x, y, z?" I die a little inside lol. A lot of times I keep rambling on about the details or the background of the story that I forget what the whole point of the story was... lol yeah whenever I get excited about something it's like:

1. vaguely introduce thing
2. get sidetracked on a tangentially related thing to help better explain the primary thing
3. wonder what the thing even was in the first place after I've pedantically talked about thing 2, 3 and potentially more
4. Wonder what thing 1 was for a few seconds then finally recall it and
5. "OH YEAH, SO......"

TFW TOO MANY THINGS!!!

yeah. I don't have many friends. I'm 46. Ive been doing this to people all my life. It is hard to make and keep friends. I wish I could stop. Don't worry I'll be your friend. 