ugh sometimes I forget to be sensative... Sometimes I blurt out things without thinking them through... or use words the wrong way... then the person had their feelings kind of hurt without me even knowing. I feel dumb because this just happened with a coworker. Did you ever get this horrible anxiety after you think about what you said/?\\\\ UGH. That is how I feel right now. Someone cheer me up. I used to do this all the time! I still struggle with it but my golden rule is to think about how I’d feel if someone said that to me. If I’ve already said it, sometimes it’s best to go back and explain why you said what you did. Owning up to it makes people understand better, and you don’t feel as shitty after. Hope your night turns around! Oddly enough, this is something that medication really helped me with. I'm finding myself a lot more concerned about the possible impact of my words. I also proactively try to brighten people's day.  I usually say exactly what I tell myself to never say and make a massive ass of myself. Thank you!!! I will. It had to do with the word helicopter parent... I didn't mean to use it as a bad term by any means... then I kind of looked it up more and could see it as an insult so now I feel like a dumbass. I hope they understand! Also I am not someone who intentionally ever hurts someone. It's a new coworker so hopefully by now she knows that I have no filter and my intentions are usually good and not negative. My meds also help me with this. They give me a moment between impulse and action to think about it first. Before, I wouldn’t be done having the impulse and I’d already be doing the thing. 

Sometimes I still mess up! I can sometimes ignore that moment against my better judgment. But the meds at least provide me with it, which is something I didn’t have before.  I absolutely get that. Realizing that part about yourself and helping other people understand is awesome, though. But you definitely shouldn’t feel like a dumbass- sometimes your brain just moves too quick to stop your mouth! Yeah, I slip up too sometimes but really, everyone has their moments of indescretion.  Yeah! I am not on meds right now. Which is goin well. Man I'm not great with language sometimes and explaining things.  Thank you!!!! You made me feel better. I dislike my impulsiveness because I am not someone who intentionally hurts someone's feelings! I am sensitive myself.  