"Lemme do this while I'm thinking about it!" is a powerful phrase. I am always telling myself to "do xyz while I'm thinking about it" because I know if I don't do it, I will forget 10 minutes later and it will NEVER get done. Well, recently, I started thinking about this phrase and its implications. I realized that my forgetfulness stems from not thinking about the task on a constant basis, but if I am constantly reminded of the task it is 100% more likely to get done.

Prime example: My car vs. my Wife's car

I drive my car to and from work every day, so I notice when things start to go wrong and after having to deal with / see the problem constantly, it gets fixed. (Squeaky wheel gets the grease). Whereas something breaks on my wife's car, she tells me about it, I make a mental note that I need to investigate the problem, then forget and the problem never gets fixed.

So, thinking about this phrase, I decided I needed something to constantly remind me of tasks I need to accomplish, so I hung up a big white board next to my garage door. My wife or I can write reminders or to-do tasks for each other to see. It's amazing!! I was able to get sooo much done over the past week! I was able to fix my wife's car (waited 6 months), fix my sagging fence gate (waited 2 months), re-stuff the worn out cushions on my sofa (waited 3 months), install an electrical/usb outlet in my sofa cubby (waited 2 years), fix my squeaky boxspring (waited 1 year), do the laundry AND make dinner.

All because I hung up a whiteboard and immediately write down things I think of doing, because if I "constantly think about it" it will actually get done. Do yourself a favor and make a To-Do board that you will see EVERY day!

[The Whiteboard](https://i.imgur.com/CBkHF9h.jpg) This is a great idea, and one I already use in a lesser capacity.  I have a small whiteboard on my fridge where I mostly write down groceries and other necessities I'm running out of, but maybe it would be a good idea to get something similar for my office, too.  I can be pretty forgetful, and it helps when there's a reminder literally staring you in the face every day. How long have you been using the whiteboard for? I've tried this in the past but use it for a week then completely forget it's even there and it ends up becoming just a piece of furniture on my wall. I'm gonna give it another go and order one on Amazon right now though! Thanks for sharing! yes! seeing it in huge lettering every day helps so much!! I've been using it for only 2 weeks so far and I considered the possibility that I may forget it exists, but between my wife and I writing new things on the board, it forces me to check it whenever I walk by to see if there are any changes. 