True or False: We lose interest in long-term goals when we forget their purpose or end-result? I woke up this morning without any desire to exercise. I was thinking to myself.. bed is warm, I can sleep in, exercise tomorrow. There was no motivation. Then I realized that I had totally forgotten why I wanted to exercise in the first place. After pondering over it a bit, I quickly got out of bed and did what I had originally planned. If I did not have this thought to think about its purpose, I would have definitely gone back to sleep.

I wonder if having ADHD, and losing interest in things after a few days or weeks is tied to us forgetting our goal or purpose that we originally had. If this is the case, I would imagine that setting up some constant reminder like a laminated A4 paper with your Goals and their Purposes near your bed to remind yourself as to why you are doing what you are doing will greatly aid in the commitment and completion of your plans.

Anyone else had similar experiences or used an approach like this to keep you focused and committed to your long-term goals?

TL;DR We lose motivation/interest when we fail to remind ourselves as to why we are doing what we are doing. Do you find that this is true or not? Your lamented/laminated typo makes that sentence really funny to me.

To answer your question, I'm not sure in what cases that'd be effective and in which it wouldn't. For example, if I don't want to write a paper, but obviously I want to graduate, I rationalize to myself that this paper isn't going to make or break me, and while I should do it, I'm stuck and I haven't even started so wouldn't it be better just to do something else until I feel more ready to tackle the paper? I mean starting with bad feelings about it won't help me achieve anything...

So say I overcome that line of logic and begin the paper anyway or do take a break and actually remember to come back to it later: is wanting a degree that's years off going to help motivate me enough to slog through the endless sources and data that I need to write this paper and not give up even though I've been sitting here reading for three hours and I still don't have a full paragraph? Maybe 3 out of 5 times. Maybe. For me, when I set long term goals I have to set a bunch of smaller short term goals that lead up to my main goal in order to stay motivated.  I agree that forgetting about the long-term goal will result in losing interest.

But for me, it's mostly about immediate reinforcement. Because I know I will eventually do the assignment, but playing this video game is much more rewarding right now. When I am in this rewarding world, I do lose sight of time and my long-term goals. So now it's 1 AM and the paper is due tomorrow morning. Panic mode to the finish!

I think having a reminder on the wall wouldn't work at all either, unfortunately. Too easy to ignore. :( Haha thanks for the correction.

That is a good point. I can see how it would not be effective with everything. But I guess for some things, and depending on how badly we want it and where our interest lies it could work. For sure worth a shot, but the jury's out in terms of efficacy. 