ADHD Hack: Use thermos instead of cup for tea/coffee Now you can forget all you want, and that fuel will still be hot Sorry. Am English. Can't rightly condone your heresy. It is tradition to forget your cuppa and let it go cold. All the more reason to brew another. My Yeti mug is always on duty.  Or a desktop mug warmer! I've had this problem for forever (to the point where my friends will joke about it) and I'm glad to know I'm not the only one/that it's partially an ADHD thing 😂 thermos more expensive than mugs which are handed out all over, so when ADHDers lose it they lose more $$$. 

This is just an ad sponsored by insulated cup manufacturers, it's not real, quit pushing your cups on us.  It's also great because it has a watertight lid. Stop off at a place to get come coffee, but all of a sudden remember you have to do *that one thing*, so have to rush out and run down the street? Not to worry, you won't be splashing coffee everywhere, thanks to your thermos' lid. (Compare that with a to go cup). Never been a problem for me. I can't drink hot coffee and I'm happy to drink it lukewarm or cold! Yes.  Been doing this for years now.  Make sure to get a hot/cold one if you occasionally like a cold brew. Yep. It also has a lid which helps me not spill it everywhere lol I use a large metal cup. It loses heat, but at a slow rate. I've found a thermos "cooks" tea and ruins it's flavor.  It will keep stuff cold for like 12 hours though. Ice cubes still unmelted.  Damn, time to get a Thermos, how did I not think of this before! I just started doing this but with water instead. Now I don't have  half full glasses of old water everywhere and  trying to remember which one I was just using. BTW this also helps regulate caffeine intake, which is important to maintaining a sleep routine.

My morning coffee now lasts me most of the work day, cutting my caffeine intake by like two thirds. I can’t live without my 20oz Contigo Autoseal thermos mug! Absolutely fantastic design. Does Not. Leak. Ever. (Am I gonna get in trouble for plugging a product here???)

Pretty damn expensive though. I can forget about my coffee and still have it hot when I remember it. That’s *If* I remember where I put it... I lose at least three or four a year.  Sigh... fuck you ADHD... you have work arounds for my work arounds. Yes! Been on this since 10th grade 100% to this.  And then when you have still forgotten it to the point that its no longer hot, turn it into iced tea! And it is harder to spill all over your keyboard! So you save money in the long run that way. Zojirushi is where it's at. I bought one on Amazon and I use it for tea, when I can remember to wash it and use it. On more than one occasion I've filled it up in the morning and finally popped it open at noon for a boost and burnt myself on it.

It's got a warning about not putting carbonated beverages in it. Idgaf. I'll fill that sucker up with Red Bull and get splashed in the face when I remember to drink some. But at least it's still cold, and carbonated. Can confirm. Put it in my Hydroflask before my overnight shift last night, coffee is still warm. Contigo waterbottle left in a hot car for 6 hours. First sip was sorta warm near the the plastic cap, after that the water was still cold. Yes!!! It was only a couple of months ago that I had the epiphany that I could use my work coffee mug at home on the weekends, and not have to get up and microwave my coffee mug every 45 minutes because I forgot about it. What are your thoughts on caffeine consumption and sleep, potentially making your adhd symptoms worse, or even being the cause to your adhd symptoms? i am thinking about that sleep guy, matthew walker If I forget my tea, which happens a lot, I just warm it up in the microwave! (And then let it go cold again...) Ah yes, there’s nothing like that first sip of too-cold tea from a cup you forgot about because you were hyperfocusing on something. Mate, I'm English and my thermos is one of the best 'for work' purchases I've ever made. Don't knock it 'til you tried it. What’s the point?  If you are only going to drink part of the first and then have to make a second, why not just buy a bigger cup and drink it all the first time?  

That’s just doing twice the work for less benefit. I thought they were outrageously expensive but I got one and I wouldn’t trade it for anything.  Love my Yeti! I have two now. One for coffee at home, and one for when I forget it in my car. Seriously.  I brew tea when I get to work in my yeti and if I leave the lid on I have hot tea all morning, otherwise warm tea. I have one too.  Always forget to turn it on and use it.
 I mean if you wanna pay me for advertising I'll take your money ;) People at work know which thermos is mine and will set it aside for me. It only ever goes in my house, car, or work. Also it keeps coffee hot for like 12 hours.  That what hotstoppers are for. But indeed thermos are great for take away coffee as it keeps it warm, easy to transport and more climate friendly. Yo exactly me: I always forget coffee, but now when I remember, it's still warm! Shouldn't any insulated thermos keep cold things cold? The operational principle of keeping the heat in is the same as the operational principle of keeping the heat out. Hot/cold thermoses sounds like a marketing gimmick to me. I use big 2L bottles for water = hard to miss those > why not just buy a bigger cup and drink it all the first time?

Bigger than the trusty Sports Direct? What are trying to do, kill us? it doesnt work like that  FWIW, my Yeti isn't actually Yeti brand. It's the Walmart brand and it works every bit as well. My hot coffee stays hot all day. My cold drinks stay cold all day. No complaints and I'm not paying out the nose for a brand. 

My brother and his wife bought RTIC brand mugs and they said they quit working after about a month. Haven't heard any complaints about the actual Yeti mugs.  I love this sub. I bet normies reading this would think we’re all weirdos, but I feel so at home here. That's what they're for, but they don't work at all. The snap on lid is also prone to seeming all they way on, but not really being all the way on. I'll take a watertight lid I can tighten down any day over those things. They have the ability to vent easier since a ton of cold drinks are carbonated.

For example, I used to have one that was one of the turny ones and when I'd turn it with like soda or sparkling water, it would always spray in my face.  The hot/cold ones just have like a large screw lid or button so it all escapes all over.   I don’t think you have to worry about tea poisoning.   Long live the Sports Direct mug = double the volume, cooling down at half the rate Pretty sure when normies find this sub, its like a bunch of deranged children constantly "realising" and "finding" new tricks that other adults find pretty trivial aha YES MY FEELINGS EXACTLY I don't do carbonated drinks very often, so that is news to me. My non-ADHD friends have seen my post-it notes with tallies for when I'm keeping track of times I get distracted, my detailed to-do lists, my color coded notes, an article I have hanging above my desk about coping with executive dysfunction for those who have suffered brain trauma (not that I have, the executive dysfunction symptomatic of such an injury is also common in ADHD apparently ¯\_(ツ)_/¯), etc. and ask me if I really need all this. And of course I say yes lol. Meanwhile my ADHD friends have the same "THIS IS LIFE-CHANGING" moments we do. 