Working Memory/Short-Term Memory Problems My poor working memory seems to be my biggest detriment. I am constantly misplacing things ( and I mean constantly). Like for instance, today I could have sworn I left my hat on the table but- as it turns out- I packed it in my bag.  So, It's like I'm trying to be good about putting my stuff away so I don't lose it....but it doesn't matter if I can't remember that I did that in the first place. It wouldn't be so bad if this didn't happen several times through out the day, it's really embarrassing. So any help for strengthening your working memory? Any tricks you've learned?  Any stories of your own you'd like to share?  Repetition. Always keep your phone in your right pocket and wallet in your left. You'll soon get used to the weight of your phone in your right pocket and will know something is up every second that weight is off. Routine things are infinitely easier to remember too. Doesn't have to be those specific pockets, but you get the idea. I once threw away my wallet because I put it in a grocery bag on the way home, threw the bag away. Just one example of many! It was so embarrassing when I had to explain lol. 

I don't have any legitimate tricks other than realizing & accepting that when I am not paying attention I make mistakes. I try to slow down and do a mental inventory whenever I am completing a task- like if I'm going to a meeting I'll triple check I have everything etc.  Medication helped.


I write things down a lot. I put things in visible places. I repeat things over and over and over. I write on my hand. I narrate what I'm doing sometimes to stay on focus. It's easier to forget things when I'm lost in my head and not being present in the moment. I use Google assistant to remember a lot of things. I have it set so I can unlock my phone with the "ok google" command and then I will set a reminder for when I think it will be relevant. I'm always forgetting the right words to use though, so sometimes i get frustrated and give up. Comes in handy when I get it right. I would imagine siri can do the same thing if you have an iphone. I lost a car key in another state once.  Boy did I feel dumb when I realized that one.

As another commenter said, just trying to be more aware of things when packing important stuff is the best tip I've found.  I check my pockets pretty obsessively these days whenever I head out the door, but sometimes I still forget something.

It's tough, but you just have to keep trying.  Forgive yourself for the little things, don't stress over a lost hat or scarf too much, and set yourself active reminders (phone alarms and sticky notes) for bigger things going into unusual places.  And try to stay in the moment any time you pick up something important like a key or credit card or your phone.  If you notice yourself absently reaching for something like that, do your best to drag your mind off of whatever else you're thinking about and focus on what you're doing with the object in your hand. I do the same thing; absentmindedly set something down and suddenly it’s GONE. I ripped apart my work bag and everything else I could reach in the car today looking for my keys. They were under my leg. 🤷🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️ my working memory and short term memory are both ATROCIOUS.  I try to write everything down in my phone, but sometimes it’s not right next to me and whatever should be documented slips into the abyss.  A little late to the party here, but I keep notes on the note app of my phone of people's names from work.

Billy Bob
- judge in this court
- younger white guy with a beard
- we talked about this and that for this case

That way when I talk to him again, I'll remember everything.

This was actually a major problem for me in a past relationship, try as I might I could not for the life of me remember her dad's name or her dogs name, or the little stuff, that's when I first started taking notes.  That sounds just like something I'd do. Even if you don't have any tricks I appreciate you sharing, hearing other people's stories makes me feel less like a complete screw up so Thank you. 