Started meds two weeks ago. Can't stop wondering what's the ADHD and what's me. Like it said in the title, I started ADHD meds... two weeks ago as of tomorrow, if I'm not mistaken. The difference has been *enormous.* 

And yet, I'm still human and I still make mistakes, and while I am overall *so* much more relaxed (and still strangely amused at the notion of taking stimulants to *relax*), I freak out a little bit whenever I do an ADHD-ish thing.

I still sometimes walk into a room and can't remember what I'm doing there. I still sometimes forget where I put my phone. I still sometimes find myself stammering over my words because my mouth can't keep up with my brain... in fact, this is *worse* because my meds make me clench my jaw so hard that it hurts.

And every time I slip up at all, no matter how small the mistake, I wonder if the meds didn't catch that because I don't really have ADHD, I'm just an idiot. I keep hearing my old MMORPG-playing friends saying "You can't heal stupid!" and laughing to myself, but still feeling sort of nervous.

At the same time, when I do something *right*... 

When someone explains something and I listen to the whole thing and understand it on the first go. When I planned a surprise party for my best friend and cleaned the house *before* the last minute, and it went off beautifully. When I took my kids to the mall and they ran off in separate directions and I wasn't afraid I'd lose track of one of them...

I wonder if that's not *really* me, if that's just the meds. It's ridiculous, but I'm 37 years old and I just got diagnosed 2 weeks ago, and that's a *lot* of self-doubt and self-ridicule to unlearn.

I feel much more confident than I did, but I still feel raw, uncertain, and a bit confused. Does this make sense to anyone? Totally makes sense. I'm new to this too, 33, and about 6 weeks into my first run on meds and am experiencing a lot of the same feelings - you're right on the nose re the self-doubt and self-ridicule we've internalized for decades. After discovering that maybe there was this legitimate reason for the things I've always struggled so much which and that now make me feel like I'm constantly drowning - and that I'm not just undisciplined and irresponsible - I sometimes get this sense of dread or fear that I'm mistaken and it's all on my character.

Definitely browse this sub for posts on self-doubt and questioning ourselves - there've been other posts and I've found them super helpful! There are a few I've saved I think just in case I need to look back at them. 32 in august, diagnosed at 28 and finally started med just before my 29th birthday. I know where you are I've been through it. 

I came to accept that these pills don't fix it all. They are a tool and I've got to knowhow to use the outcome right.

There's moments when I do something that makes me question if I took my med or if they even work as it'd be classic adhd moments. But the fact that I realise I did it and questioning things makes me know they still work. Before I wouldn't have even realised or had any second thought to the actions. I still have no foresight to plan but I can say there is some level of a filter on impulsive actions on meds.

But when they work, fuck me it's like the stars align and stuff goes right for once. 

Your in the early days.  Take the rough with the smooth and learn from it all. Different med affects different people in different was and your experience and your adhd ain't gonna be the same as mine, tom, dick or harry's.

Over the coming weeks and months you'll learn a whole lot more about yourself.

To answer the question as to whether something is you or the adhd, well, to me the adhd is me and I'm the adhd. The med are just unlocking parts of you that you didn't know were there.

Sorry for the semi philosophical splurge, it's 5.48am, I'm on the toilet and about to go figure skating. Aka med ain't kicked in and I'm still not sensing time!

Good luck in your journey with the adhd and meds. You'll be fine. 


Edit: spelling The meds give you back self\-control. They give back EF. That means the mechanisms in your brain that allow you to take control over yourself, over your emotions e.g. is boosted. If you have better self\-control you can regulate your anxieties better. You are less a leaf in your own brain\-storm. 

There is no need to make distinctions between you and ADHD since there is none. ADHD affects everything you think and do. Necessarily, if the underlying mechanisms that cause this that are impaired are mitigated by the meds, your thoughts and behavior will be affected. 

Meds do not turn off 'you' nor do they turn on 'you'. You are the same, but on meds you are more effective and more in control, so you can self\-direct better. 

There is one part that changes though. This is a sort of meta\-cognition. With ADHD you may have told yourself and thought of yourself as stupid for many years. Negative self\-talk, negative inner\-dialogue. That takes a toll. You cannot do that for decades and not be affected by it. The self\-control does not repair that. These are stack\-on results of being ADHD. That part is now exposed because feeling different you now have room for alternative, less negative views. 

So in that sense you should now change and maybe you will need some CBT or other therapy to repair lost self\-esteem/worth. 

In a practical sense, you now need to take this med\-caused boost and work on skills and techniques you could not muster up before and make them your own, automate them so that they become ingrained in your brain. 

It is important you do this now because the efficacy of meds, over time, may diminish to a varying degree between you and many  others. You should use this special time to indoctrinate better skills in yourself so that they are things to fall back on. Go with it! I'm a 50+ year old DX'd in the '70s and I'm still learning about who I am and I say it's both. I am a person with internal pressures that produce a self with quirky behaviors. The meds work for me but I am what I am, though I share a symptomatology with my fellow atypicals my thoughts, choices and likes are my own and thats what makes me unique. Good Luck - have fun as much as possible. Damn...ok this a bit uncanny because I was about to post almost exactly this. And I'm also 37. 

And I started medication two weeks ago.

So this makes so much sense to me I feel a bit weirded out.

My ADHDi had gotten so bad that I was withdrawing from the world. I couldn't trust myself to do even simple tasks. I lost things constantly and couldn't focus enough to conduct proper conversations...

Two weeks later I'm in the same boat. Things have improved so much it's unreal...but the mistakes I still make start the doubt spiral. Think about adhd as an amputated leg. You got your cruches/prosthesis two weeks ago, now you gotta learn to walk, and that will take some time. After a while you will learn to walk nearly as good as normal people, maybe even better. This will not be easy, but it is not impossible to achieve anymore!  I hate to break it to you... it is the meds...helping you be a more in control you. ;) I feel ya, man.

I'm 45 in May and got diagnosed this December. Started meds and I'm st ll struggling with getting on top of my life... Because there's 45 years of self-hatred to deal with...  This was something I struggled with when I first started my meds and I think it’s important to realize that being occasionally forgetful and sometimes tripping over words are something every single person deals with.  You’re hypersensitive to it because it was an omnipresent symptom of your condition, but a certain degree of it is normal.

I used to procrastinate to an insane extent.  I would literally stay overnight in the office sometimes just because I didn’t start a project due on Friday until 6 PM on Thursday.  Now, even though I still occasionally procrastinate, it’s much more controlled and I’m able to get my work done in a timely manner without putting in extra hours. I think almost all of us felt this way when we started meds -- ADHD is tough because so many of the symptoms are things that most people do from time to time, they just don't gravely interfere with their lives. You're still going to do those things now and then, but you might also just need to find the right dosage. 

And you on your meds -- that is you. That's you not burdened down by a chemical imbalance and developmental disorder that you have been compensating for the past 37 years. 

If someone is on a depression/anxiety med, the meds help them lift the fog or stop the anxious spirals. It's still them, just without the cloud of a chemical imbalance impact their daily life. 

And as you adjust, you're going to have days where you take the meds and question if you even took them that day, or you might skip a day and be surprised at how little your ADHD impacts you that day. 

I went off meds for a couple years after being on them for a while, and found that things I'd learned on the meds did manage to carry over into my non-med life. There's even some research that the meds can help us form new neural connections and strengthen weak ones.  I mean, the ADHD is you. That's something you've got to accept ASAP. But I know what you mean. Hopefully for your sake the awful clinching stops. I clinched before taking meds, so it's just worse now, especially when I sleep. I actually pick up my "bite plate" from the dentist tomorrow to stop the clinching, primarily because it has also caused my top front teeth to move due to pushing on them with my bottom teeth.

Anyway, the "ADHD-ish" things are never going to go away. ADHD isn't a migraine or a disease, it's a lifelong mental disorder. The point of the medication isn't to cure ADHD. The point is to make you a more functional person. If you're doing that, you're golden. 

You'll likely always question whether or not you "actually have ADHD" due to such a late diagnosis. It's a stupid mental battle you can't win. I still do pretty much all of the same ADHD things I did before meds, the difference is that my life is manageable now. I still go off on tangents in conversation, and then forget what the original point was. I still interrupt others, though now I'm far more concious about it and will apologize. I still forget things and what I was doing/going to do. My time management and planning skills are still subpar. However, I can do the things I need to do. I have some real degree of regulation and control over my emotions. I'm not a useless lump on my couch. I'm more engaged with the people in my life that actually matter (i.e. my daughter and my wife).

TL;DR: Accept your ADHD for what it is: a mental disorder, not a disease. ADHD is you, but it certainly doesn't have to run your life. 22, diagnosed and started meds about four months ago, also feels that. Every time I do something well I think there was a mistake and I’m not actually adhd, but then every once in a while I forget to take my meds and it becomes glaringly obvious I need them  I had this issue almost daily for the first six weeks and it's only just gone away. I suddenly woke up one day and felt like myself again but I found that for the first few weeks I was actually worse than before taking meds as I was aware that I had a problem and everything little thing that could be put down to ADHD was more apparent. Kinda like when you're cut yourself but it only hurts once you've actually been made aware of it lol.  "to me the ADHD is me and I'm the ADHD"  it's 100% this. 

 What a great comment, this is what I feel all the time - the meds help but I need a lot of work with my attitude towards myself...  "You are less a leaf in your own brain-storm." 

Whoa. Pobodys Nerfect! 

Lol, but really -- all people make ADHD mistakes, that's why ppl tend to think it doesn't exist. You're still going to forget your keys some days or grab a hot pan without thinking, because everyone does those things. The difference is you'll probably learn from the mistsake, be more careful when you're doing things you know you normally don't concentrate on and you'll generally just feel more at peace with not being 100% perfect :)

I swear this is so common on this sub - no one questions ADHD more than people who actually have it. A lot of it is internalized stigmas, and general misunderstanding of ADHD in the public and the fact that ADHD people are ironically perfectionists with expectations for themselves that even a NT couldn't achieve. 

As the meds settle in and you find your dose, you'll find that balance and the doubt spirals will definitely start to fade :) Swung me into depression pretty hard when I first started medication, it was a lot of work to get out but I managed 