How do you guys store your medication for a second dose during the day or for spares? I switched to Adderall IR and I don't want the pills to get powdery/damaged. So like the title says, I'm wondering about how everyone stores their medications. When I was taking Adderall XR I didn't worry about it as much because the capsules can take some rattling around without getting damaged. But now with the IR version I'm concerned that my second dose of the day that travels with me will get beaten up and crumbly. I can't seem to remember to pack just one pill for my later dose every day, so I've just been keeping like five or six in my purse in case I do forget them. But those pills rattle around in the little plastic case I'm using, and the corners start wearing off and it gets all powdery and gross.

I want something pretty discreet, and would prefer not to carry around a prescription bottle to avoid any unwanted attention. But I need something more protective then a little plastic bag and something hopefully waterproof. I also don't want something in my pocket or purse that rattles a ton. I already carry enough stuff in my purse that it sounds a little bit like a pharmacy LOL. With the Adderall all I want to store it in a more hidden portion of my purse just in case.

I would really appreciate any suggestions!

Edit: autocorrect fail It’s not the most discreet, but I always carry the bottle because it’s a narcotic and if by crazy chance anything ever happened, I wouldn’t want anything to look suspicious. I have a metal screwtop pill case I keep on my keychain. Works for me. I have a little metal keychain that holds my pills when I need to take them somewhere with me. I bought it on Amazon, the brand is called GUS. 

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00MY9JR0E/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_BbJYBbTS9MRSV

 They are stainless steel and waterproof and have multiple sizes so you should be able to find one that will work for you. It was kind of pricey but I'm glad I got it versus a cheaper one that had questionable reviews. I don't keep my ADHD meds in it as I only take those once a day but I do keep my other meds that I take 2x/day in it as well as my migraine pills. All of them are uncoated and I've never had a problem with them getting crumbly or powdery at all. I had a Tylenol tablet in there for like 2 and a half months and when I took it out it looked like it had just come out of a brand new bottle. It's small enough to be discreet and not uncomfortably bulky but large enough that I'm not going to lose it too easily (I can lose anything if I'm not careful though!). I can put it on my keys, in my purse, in my backpack, or even in a pocket. Or, if I'm with my boyfriend and I'm not carrying anything or we go somewhere where I don't want to take my purse in, I can give it to him and he clips it on to his keys that he clips to his belt loop. It's stainless steel, so it blends in with pretty much anything and doesn't look out of place! Plus since it's waterproof I don't have to worry about making sure it doesn't get wet so it eases my mind a little bit (I've tested it, it really is waterproof). 

Hope this helps!

Edit: Added link
(Sorry for the formatting, I'm on mobile!) I put a cotton ball in with any pills I take “to go” because it keeps them from making noise. Might help keep them from getting damaged as well. I’m a pharmacy tech so I guess it’s just in my nature to be overly cautious haha. If I were you, I would get a small pill keychain and ask the pharmacy you go to to print you a second label and keep the label with the drug description together at all times. In their bottle, in my lunchbox.  I've never had a problem with pills getting damaged. I got the cutest lil pill box from copper closet lol I get that. That's always a concern as well. I figure I'll peel the RX label off of a bottle and stick it to the inside of the container I end up using. I just don't want it on the outside where it advertises what it is. 😖

Or I might get a copy of the prescription or something, like they recommend with travelling? Not totally sure how that would work. Do you have any issues with them getting beaten up if they're in there a while? If one is the right size I can see it being really nice... Hm... Thanks for the suggestion! I've considered this. I'm the kind of person who would pull the cotton out and drop it or knock pills out when I take it out. Lol. Maybe something permanently attached... Makes sense that you would be cautious. I have a friend who is a tech and she's always reminding me to be conscious of how I store my medications and proper labels, etc. I'm just having trouble combining that with the IR version specifically (and my other uncoated tablet types) because they start to get powdery and disintegrate when they rattle around. Something that's not a big deal (aspirin or something) I can just keep in a little pill bag, but I don't want the Adderall to be that visible, if that makes sense?

Discreet + protected + small size + hard to lose is like the holy grail for this lmao. CVS gives you little Rx stickers for pill boxes.

https://i.imgur.com/HariUVH.jpg My Adderall XR is gelcaps, but when I had pills before, they were fine. I only kept a few in there so they weren't there for long. Hot glue it to the top of a tin? https://i.imgur.com/HariUVH.jpg

Shared that above, but CVS also prints off "discreet" labels with just the Rx number. I just opt for the one with my info on it, just in case. Holy shit, that's a game-changer. Do you just ask for them when you pick it up? Hmm... This makes me want to create a solution. Lol. Maybe a more durable option than a cotton ball! That's helpful info! I wonder if my pharmacy does something similar... (Unfortunately can't switch to CVS with my insurance.) CVS includes them without asking with every Rx. Try a wine cork? Can be cut/shaved to fit the space. Mine has two labels because I have an RX for 10mg and 5mg IRs because Insurance -_-. 30 10mg and 90 5mg are approvable but 150 5mg are too much. I suppose they just wanted more $$$ from my copay. 