ADHD and laziness How do we know when we’re suffering a symptom of ADHD vs actually experiencing the same thing everyone else does which is the impulse to be lazy and waste time? Inactivity due to ADHD is usually paired with an anxiety over the fact that we *know* there are things we *should* be doing. But somehow, we can’t get ourselves to do it. We know what the consequences could be of not doing these things. 

Inactivity due to laziness gives no care toward that stuff.  I don't know that it's necessarily important to make a distinction except at the clinical (diagnostic) level, where that symptom has to be persistent and coupled with other ADHD symptoms in order for a clinician to render a diagnosis. 

For me, a lot of my assessment of my own mood/ADHD symptoms is based on whether or not I have taken my ADHD meds and what other symptoms I'm experiencing. I don't tend to attribute laziness/a desire to waste time to my ADHD because that's not a symptom I traditionally present with, but it totally depends on you and what symptoms you experience.  I'm lazy on days that I can be. Yet, my views on it are kinda different. On "lazy" day's , I mostly pc-game with friends and a few co-workers ext. Hit the gym work out and do some swimming ext. 

I still stay strict on my overall diet and supplements. I don't really feel like I get unproductive. Idk maybe it's because I am so strict with my self. 

On, days where I am on my 20mg IR 4 times a day so 80mg total. I am definitely at work obviously , and I do have a lot better thought / organized skills and overall stimulant effects.

Truly helps my work ethic and I feel like a boss when I'm on em. Days I'm not I could see myself choosing not to do my routine but I just don't roll like that. 

If it wasn't for my routine on days I don't use Adderall or even days that I do I'd be a complete mess. It's like my mind is tuned to my daily activities ext. Idk. This just me in general and overall. 

The Addy's 80mg daily help , and glad I have other aspects of my life in check. Just gotta learn to be disciplined. Idk any how this is strictly me only. Wish all the best. 😇✌🏻 Absolutely. It’s like I’m sitting there internally screaming for 8 hours, physically unable to do the thing I’m supposed to be doing. But this isn’t normal with laziness? This makes some sense with regard to my diagnosis experience. I primarily presented with too much noise in my head and persistent musical ear syndrome. I had no idea it could be ADHD. Once I got on meds, it helped in other aspects I wasn’t expecting. Like helping me get up and get started on things. Keeping me engaged in hour-long lectures. My parents have berated me for my laziness all my life, so I’m always inclined to attribute my difficulties getting started or accomplishing tasks to that, even though medication clearly helps alleviate those symptoms.  You've basically just described executive dysfunction exactly. It's not laziness if you're actually trying very hard to make yourself do something and simply can't. Even if it looks to everyone else (and even yourself) like you're not actually trying at all.  I had somewhat of a similar experience with parents thinking I was lazy, although it wasn't ADHD-related laziness that made them think that because as I said, that's just not a symptom I experience, but it was ADHD-related forgetfulness where when they would ask me to do a chore in passing I would forget five minutes later, haha. I definitely think it just depends on what each person's symptoms are.  The amount of internal torture I cause myself over that shit, it's absurd.  Very, very hard to convince yourself you're not actually lazy. 

I rarely think about how lazy people actually think what they're (not) doing, but I have to doubt lazy people would be upset with themselves for not doing the things they should be. 