When you know you didn't lose something but you doubt yourself because ADHD Last year I was sent a notice for a book that was rented out from my library for a college class I was taking. They said they needed me to get them the book back asap or I would be unable to get my diploma when it was time to graduate. 

I looked and looked EVERYWHERE for WEEKS even though I was certain there was no way I would ever leave it behind somewhere. It either HAD to be somewhere in my house or I had turned it in. Eventually it was too late and I had to payup $77 for the book :(

well now a year later my mom was going through some old mail and found a letter addressed to me from my highschool. I opened it and it said they had found the book I had lost and I could go request a refund at the bookkeepers office -_- 

Oh well, it's nice getting a random $70 check a year later ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ I probably would've spent that money on useless crap anyways I regularly have to remind myself when I'm leaving somewhere that, no, I didn't forget my bag. I didn't _bring_ my bag. I spend every waking moment of my life with the nagging feeling that I am forgetting something. It really throws everything off because I don't know how to differentiate between the feeling that comes from actually having forgotten something and the general mindset of "you forget everything so why would right now be an exception??" I tend to lose important things if I don't put them in the same places every morning. But I'm more likely to think I lost something when I didn't, or to lose something, remember it, and then waste time backtracking for it I do service calls for restaurants and similar places, and that means I bring my toolbag with me everywhere. It only took me one time of me leaving my tools (aka my entire livelihood) at a location. To make me paranoid that I have always left them behind and I need to pull over and check that they are still in the back of the truck. It's been a year since I left at the goddamn Einstein Bagels and I'm still paranoid about it every single time. I always had this paranoia that I was leaving the house, forgetting SOMETHING. 

That's when I got really deep into /r/edc. being extremely intentional about the things you bring with you every day, that way you don't have to worry about whether you forgot to bring something with you when you leave. 

My setup varies, but I keep my keys and wallet things in a pouch in my front pocket, a pen and notepad along with my phone in my other front pocket, and I can know I'm leaving the house without forgetting something. [feelsgoodman.jpg.gif.png](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/021/073/1254172884282.jpg?1254173845) I "lost" my wedding ring a couple mornings ago. I checked all the usual places: dresser, pockets, bathroom, kids' bathroom. Still nothing. Went all day wracking my brain trying to remember where I had left it. Later that afternoon my wife's aunt told me she found it on the counter in the kids' bathroom the night before so she moved it to the entertainment center in the living room and just never told me. At least you got a refund?

One time the city library fined me 13 bucks for a book I supposedly lost, they basically called me a liar when I said I returned it. Then they found the book and didn't even apologize, much less give me back my 13 bucks, which is a decent chunk of change for me. 

I was a regular but never went back.  Glad to hear you got your money back dude. I always feel like I've forgotten something whenever I've left the house and normally have to lock doors two or three times even when I know I've done it. It's pretty hard to shake that doubt. I totally do this too. Every time I leave the house I do the mental checklist for every item I will need for the day. *phone, wallet, keys, parking pass, prescription*. When I just go for a walk my brain is on fire for a good 30 seconds trying to figure out what I'm forgetting. Exhausting. I do this, too. I'll look around the house for my purse for a minute and then be like, "No, I didn't lose it, it's in the car because I never brought it in."  Holy fucking shit that tears my mind to pieces. Makes me question the integrity of my memory. "What if its all made up, what if that thing never existed and I'm just going slowly more insane?" > When I [go out] my brain is on fire for a good 30 seconds trying to figure out what I'm forgetting.

Same, mate. Same. I personally do the "pat down" on the way to the car.  It used to take me a few tries to actually get into the car since I tend to forget things inside the house... so I would go back and forth from the car to the house to get things... aaaaannnd each time I do the "pat down" after walking out the door as I feel for my EDC items. (*wallet, keys, phone, meds, clipboard/notebook, CCW*).  I have been practicing mindfulness recently though.  Really cuts down on the trips back into the house, but I STILL HAVE TO DO THE PATDOWN dance. Its an irritating habit at this point.... I just wonder what the neighbors think when all they see me do before hopping in the car is grope various parts of my body repeatedly. I used to pat down on the way to the car too. One day I forgot my keys and locked the door from the inside before closing it. I stopped patting down on the way to the car after the like 3rd time that happened.  