Me "Cannot lose this important thing. I'll put it here." Me, five minutes later: "Where did I put that important thing? I had a special place for it."  what my coworkers/manager jokingly say every day when i leave work: "are you sure you have everything? Your keys? wallet? phone?, are you doubly sure?" 

*i may or may not have left things at work and went allll the way home before realizing it and then had to drive all the way back to get it an embarrassing number of times*  Have you noticed the ideal ADHD role model is Winnie the Pooh? He'd probably write in big letters "Special Place" above the special place important things are put. 

When I was young I seriously considered stuffing everything  I own into one huge barrel or something. Sure it would be a pain to sort through it all the time but at least I would _know_ things are there. The worst is when everything is scattered, maybe looks like a bomb went off in your office/room, but you know exactly where everything is. Then you clean, organize, and suddenly half of your shit is missing and you can't find anything anywhere. I have so many "home bases" for important things which I bought over the year.s Now they are all filled up with completely different things!  Haha yup, I have a funny story. When my parents were moving, dad put ALL of their documents in a very secure and special place in the dresser (he honestly thought it was the BEST place for them), then he proceeded to take dresser to the dumpster 30 minutes later... Mom came home from work and was like.... um, where are the documents?... Dad spent a bunch of time in the dumpster and finally found the docs. I was laughing so hard. This is probably the funniest ADHD thing he has ever done. Mom still can't understand why he did it (yet I totally can!).

 What's worse in my opinion is when you're fairly certain you put it in one place, you go and it's not there, so you tear everything apart looking for it still not there, come back a day or two later and it's just laying there in the place you left. I swear if I didn't know any better I'd say someone was screwing with me.  It is now a yearly "family joke" that Mom (me!) bought Christmas presents, and put them in a Special Hiding Place... then cannot find the presents in December.  Often I go ahead and give the gift to that person...sometimes years late.  Perpetually embarrassing.   My great grandmother always used to say that these objects weren't lost, they were "safely by". I once worked in an office and got into the habit of having 2 coffee cups.  You see, as I walked and talked with coworkers, I would often lose a cup...somewhere.  So I would proceed to use the 2nd cup.  My coworkers would return the lost cup(s) to my desk and so on and so on.  Years later, I visited my father in his office and learned that he had 2 or 3 coffee cups that would be left around their office space, and that his coworkers would return the cups to his desk.... We have the same lost/found issues that were addressed by our coworkers the same way... How weird is that? Me to spouse: "Why can't you just put things in the same place, then you know where to find it."

She: "I would, if you hadn't put it somewhere else." Hahaha yes. I also have the problem of overplanning for things, forgetting about it then freaking out cuz I'm not prepared.

Like, I have extra pens and tissues etc etc tucked in my car, at work, school, different purses etc then when I actually need something like that, I forget I've already got it nearby and either borrow or buy the thing I already have.

_______

As far as putting things in a special place so as not to forget, set up a couple designated "special places" around your house/wherever you go with some kind of trinket dish or a specific drawer or whatever and always use those same places.

I have one drawer designated for odds and ends that I may need in the future, and I have a couple dishes by the front door (categorized- like keychain type stuff, important stuff, headphones etc), one by the bed and one in the bathroom for all the junk I am not supposed to lose.

Edit: the dishes don't have to be stricktly categorized, in case that stresses anyone out. Just general/whatever you come up with. I have a box to house all my important things in my kitchen. Keys, wallet etc.  If I need to remember something, I just place it on top.   The necklace I bought for my wife for Valentine's day.

I put it in the plastic organizer drawer, right below the "glue/adhesives" drawer. In two weeks, will I still remember where I put it? So much this.  Just today got a refill on my meds, and as I had some left from the last repeat, decided to put them away (lesson learned from my scrip being delayed, best to have spares on hand.)

Put my backup meds in my bureau drawer-telling myself the very same thing "here is a special place for this-I'm putting it in a special place so I will remember where these things are." With a full realisation of self awareness as to how much this has not worked in the past.  I actually thought of starting to keep a list of where I put things every time I put them in a "special place" though, I'd be only liable to lose the list. I try to digitize anything I can.  Even non-document items, I take a quick pic with my phone and name it.  That way I can always search for it later. Every morning I lose my glasses, I forget my keys on top of the car, and I immediately forget to bring my lunch to work.

You know how like certain factory farms have specially designed mazes to trick the animals into following an exact pathway? I feel like I need that just to be normal. Live in a little maze that takes me from my room, to my bathroom, to my kitchen, to my car with lovely little audio sound bites instructing me with what to do. Seriously though I STILL can't find the ammo for my rifle. I had one or two boxes full and kept the clip in one of the boxes. I've looked everywhere and have no idea where it is.  I have put so many things in that place where you put things so you don't lose them. I don't count them as lost, I like to think of them as cleverly hidden by my arch nemesis. I will find them one day and it will be glorious.  I have do the same thing. I tend to leave the things I don't want to forget in my shoes, when I take them off. You can forget your keys but you can't forget your shoes Is this while medicated? Even while medicated, Ive still had this problem. It takes consistency and practice to maintain a special place for your stuff.  I've left my keys in the ignition with the heater on full blast while at work a handful of times. Kind of embarrassing and hoping no one noticed.  10/10 relatable content

I am a high school teacher, and my wonderful students have taken it upon themselves to keep track of my things for me. One student watches my keys, one student watches my water bottle, one student watches my computer, and one student helps me with time. 


I don't hide that I have ADHD, I'm trying to break stigmas and showing people that it's okay to be neurodiverse,   I have locked myself in the stairwell because my badge is at the desk. Multiple times. Sigh. I wonder if I could quantify the lost minutes in a year....oh well, adds to the charm, right?  I have on multiple occasions driven all the way to work on a weekend then realised I left the keys to the building at home.  Luckily no one is there to see that.   I have tiles... for everything. My wallet, my keys, my backpack, my purse. Now you may wonder what happens if you lose your phone. Hopefully there's at least one tile near. You hit and it makes your phone go off! These things are lifesavers.  The joke around the office is that I can't leave the room only once. Every day, without fail, I say, "See ya guys!" and they say "Have a nice day!" Then I walk out, get to the elevator, realize I forgot the thing and turn right around and say, "Just kidding. Forgot the thing. Now I'm gone." My Tupperware, my keys, my phone. The worst is when I can't find my keys after I get all the way to the car and realize I misplaced them not right before I went home, but somewhere someplace in the building much earlier in the day and I have no idea where that is.  I have driven to work, forgot I drove, and walked all the way home before. My wife made me take our daughter in the stroller and walk all the way back to get the SUV.

In my defense, I walked to work 98% of the time back then. (I bike now, or at least I *will* once all this snowy fuckery is over.) This is why I started to use designated pockets for certain objects, a quick couple of taps and I can verify if I have what I need. Oh my GOD this is so me. When I was in college (before diagnosis and medication) I would lock myself out of my apartment at least once a month because I would constantly forget my keys inside. I'm lucky enough that I was able to leave a spare set with my neighbor who was kind enough to keep it for me for such occasions. Super embarrassing.  I love this! I got in trouble a lot as a kid for putting stuff into piles in my closet and under my bed when I was told to clean my room. Those "spots" were my barrels. I just couldn't articulate that well.  Even worse is when someone else cleans. *shudders* I had the same problem when we moved. Everything was packed in intelligent ways, with similar stuff going together, and boxes labelled for which room their contents belong in.

I've been wearing the same pair of contacts for 4 months because I still haven't found the unopened ones.

> Even worse is when someone else cleans. *shudders*

Yeah, near the end of packing up my wife and I were out of energy, so our friends packed a fair number of boxes. I have no idea where some things are because neither my wife nor I packed them. We know they're in a box *somewhere*, just not where. Oh man... that rings true. It's funny that you bring this up, kinda leads to another topic. I was diagnosed very late, and after my dad died, I started recounting so many experiences. I realized much of his frustrating and oddly creative behavior was probably ADHD. I wish I knew before. I wish everyone knew before. His life and relationships might have been different. It's great to have family members that get it. Cheers to you.  Ha! I had that happen the other day. Batteries. So annoying.    I got a chocolate orange last week that was supposed to be my stocking stuffer. I bought it for myself, and handed it to my ADHD wife to hide it somewhere til it could be wrapped or put in my stocking. She forgot all about it, as did I, until a month or so after Christmas. I *love* your great grandmother!  I wish I had known her when I was child! Isn't that funny? I've had a similar situation where my dads friend shared a story about my dad that he thought was so peculiar... and I was thinking... that's not weird at all. I get it!  That works for me too. I have a box at the door for keys, cards etc You will now! Just remember you posted about it. :)  Can you leave it in your office personal space until gift day? I hear you. And even then, I might find a way to ignore all of that!  I love this! I now have a very-important-thing-hiding arch nemesis.  Yes. Although over time... mediation, medication and yoga I have become far more organized. Before medication, keys were in the fridge, car was MIA, and I went through a work badge a month. I have good days and bad days.  Me? Dome light. Even if I tell myself one minute before to turn it off. I can't take me anywhere.  Good to always have cell phone on you when venturing into stairwell  Is your badge a separated key card and ID in the form of 2 cards? I had forgotten my ID to get inside my building multiple times. I had to keep the badge outside clipped on when I was not at my desk. Ended up putting the actual entry card in my wallet, and just keeping the ID as a clip-on. Less of a problem if I forget my ID but have my entry card. Tiles are great! I even have one on my remote. My problem is with temporary important things. Last night, I was looking for a face cream I just found after six months and set it in a special place so I wouldn't forget it. I recommend  Tile as well. I am not sure how much time and heartache they have saved me, but it's huge.  Oh my god... my coworkers actually say, "Anna, we won't say bye to you yet, because we know you will come back 2 or 3 times".  To which I normally say, "Naw guys, I won't today, so bye". Sure enough I come back and they laugh. This is epic! I am guilty of doing that once too. I live fairly close to work and forgot that I drove because I walked a day before, so my brain was still in "walking to work mode". I notice my brain does this a lot with not very important things. Well, at least your daughter got some fresh air, and you got exercise! * Left: phone
* Right: Keys
* Right Rear: Wallet Oh god. I was on a trip last year and came home, and my wife said she had a surprise for me.

You know where this is going.

She had cleaned and reorganized the living room/my desk area. It took so much willpower for me to not completely lose my shit because everything was messed up and I couldn't find anything anywhere.  Oh god. That person might as well just dig a hole and put all my stuff in there, there would be no difference  That's not even the best thing about her. Great grandpa and her used to show up Christmas morning at like 7, so us kids didn't have to wait to tear into the presents. They were real sweethearts. She probably woulda liked you.  "... I'm sorry can you repeat that?" Yes it is. That's a very smart idea. I've actually put a Tile on it since then, so it's not too bad. Just every once in awhile.  I need one that fits on my glasses! I actually buy 2-3 pair. And always lose them.  I keep my wallet in my front pocket, both because it's not comfortable to sit on, and it's less accessible to pickpockets. 