Nobody in my family believes me when I forget something? So, I tend to be very forgetful. I’ll forget to eat, even. Earlier today I was eating waffles, something happened to distract me, I set them down and they were out of mind. A couple minutes ago, I just got yelled at by my sister for wasting the food. I told her I forgot, got distracted and forgot about them. 

That didn’t melt over so well. My sister told me to not make any excuses. I declared it wasn’t an excuse, instead an explanation. (Didn’t mention adhd, because she would have called that an excuse as well) She went on about how they’re the same thing and refused to hear anything out of me.

Am I just an idiot? I’ve always treated excuses like lies. The definition of excuse is, to attempt to lessen the blame. It’s not really my fault for forgetting. I can’t help it that I got distracted and couldn’t remember what I was eating. 

Note:
I’ve had untreated ADHD since I was a kid.  Its definitely a real issue. But, that also doesn't mean it's a reason not to try. It's not impossible to remember things with adhd, it's just a lot harder. So, just saying you forget things and expecting people to be ok with that, is not reasonable either. People should (but sometimes don't) understand that its hard for you and not be too harsh on you as along as you're trying. But, you also need to take some responsibility for it and come up with a way to fix it or do better the next time. Like alarms or checklists for reminders or realizing that waffles aren't ruined if you leave them out and just finishing them or putting them in the fridge when she reminds you. "Oh sorry, I didn't mean to forget, I'll pick that up/I'll set a reminder for next time/I'll write that down" goes over a lot better than just "I forgot".

Also, you mention that your adhd is untreated. Can you get treatment for it? If it's causing you problems, it makes sense to try to get help for it if you can. Some people just will not see it as a real issue. Not much to do but learn to tune them out. Harder when it's family but you only have so much energy to deal with things.  What are you doing to fix the problem though? What have you tried?  You... Just get treated when your economic situation improves. Also... herbal remedies are no good. I'm sorry, but ADHD is a serious disorder caused by a chemical imbalance in the brain, you need meds that are specifically done to treat that, and I highly doubt herbal medicine will do that for you. I’m finding I’m running out of ways to help my forgetful/distraction problems on my own. I’ve tried alarms, checklists, post it notes, even writing marker on my hand. I’ve been wanting to try medicine. (for years I’ve stuck with herbal medicine to no avail) But I recently just came from a 3000 dollar dentist mess, so money isn’t exactly great right now.

I understand the meaning behind your post and I’ll definitely try to work on saying something more (and doing more) than saying “I forgot.” Useless amounts of herbal medicine, trying to set reminders, writing important things down on my hand, trying to eat more healthy, exercising.  So far they’ve done nothing, neither has changing my diet. So, medicine definitely seems like the only option. I definitely recommend medicine when you get the money. It has helped me a lot, way more than anything else. Besides that, alarms are the most helpful to me. And I don't let myself turn it off until I actually do the thing. If I can't do the thing immediately while the alarm is ringing, then I snooze it instead of turning it off. 

Also, I don't know what your living situation is like (or how old you are), but if you are living with your family and they're too overly critical, I'd look at other options there too. 