Lost/Found Object Story: Does this ever happen to you? Here's a little anecdote, please let me know if you've ever done anything like this.

We begin Monday morning... lightly snowing outside... SO at work, home alone, morning off, not going into work until afternoon, re-organizing kitchen, using Labelmaker to print out labels for my baking material canisters, put it down for a second, do something else, then need Labelmaker again... and it's gone.


(Wandering Kitchen)

"Labelmaker? Where are you? Labelmaker? Where did you go? Did i put you back where you belong?"

(Walks out of kitchen, into office/bedroom)

"Nope... you're not here either. Didn't think so. Silly Labelmaker. So..... WHERE THE FUCK DID I PUT YOU, LABELMAKER. Some to me! Call to me? Please?"

(Silence, obviously. Walks back into kitchen, searches under table, on all chairs and counters, behind microwave and other appliances, even checks inside fridge)

"GODDAMIT LABELMAKER."

(Refuses to give up, now it's a challenge. Opens every single cabinet and looks all around.)

"WTF? What's going on here. Are you in here, Labelmaker? Why are you torturing me so? WHYYYY? FUUUUUUUUUUUUUU- oh. There you are! What were you doing in there? Silly labelmaker."

(Happily returns to labeling.)

The End. ::sigh::  Lost my phone this weekend....again.   

So, yeah, I hear ya. I do that type of thing ALL. THE. TIME. And, horribly enough, so does my husband. It is lucky we haven't lost any of our children yet. Yup, very recognisable. My greatest feat is losing my bank card at home, *while* using it. I must have put it down and one second. I never found it back. You missed the part where I totally lose it and start tearing the house apart causing TOTAL CHAOS in the quest for one stupid thing, even though,rationally, cleaning would bring it back faster.
 I just wanted to say I often treat items such as your labelmaker as a living thing (I.E, I yell at them for walking away from me)...

Walking around the house calling out to my car keys probably doesn't make me seem very sane.

"Come out come out where ever you are car keys... You dick" Sounds pretty familiar. When we moved to our new apartment, we brought over one of those round Foreman grills. I took the grill pans out to wash them. They're...somewhere? We've been here a few months now, but I still can't find them. I think a box ate them. This is an everyday part of my life.  My wife knows that it is just routine for her to have to help me find my wallet/keys/glasses before I go to work every morning.  It isn't that I don't care where I put stuff.  It is like stuff just vanishes, like what you are describing. Yes, *constantly*. I hate it. "I know I was just holding that ten seconds ago, what the hell did I do with it?" I "lost" my glasses Saturday. Turns it they were mixed in with the covers on my bed. Ugh. I went the whole day squinting at everything. Awful.  I'm convinced that a little gnome follows me around and hides things when my back is turned.
Things lost: passport, birth certificate(found!), and many others Have I ever done this?! This is how I spend 80% of my time. I lose stuff constantly. and I can't stop searching when I do. My friends think I'm REALLY good at finding things, but in actuality, I just have a LOT of experience and determination. 
Once I lost my wallet and tore my room up looking for it, called work, friends... drove 45 mins to look at my parents house and then one of my friends called me and told me he found it. it was under the blanket on my bed. All the freaking time. Especially my keys and phone.  The other day, I "misplaced" the margarine pot in the fruit basket.  First time ever I did something like this, kinda scared me. Yeah, I had a similar story. I lost my glasses in my own room. Could not find them.  Roommate finds the room in an area that I would not even consider looking for in my bedroom. When I lose something I start picking up room by room until I find it.  Nine times out if ten the object is under another and I usually find it quicker than if I'd overturned things plus I'm subtracting from future work instead of adding to it.  It took me a while to start this, I use to not only lose things all the time, I also would destroy any order in my home finding it.   I recently lost a survival kit that was given to me by a man in the survival world who is the equivalent to God himself. I have not seen it in over a month and am rather upset about losing it. trying to remember where i saw it last has proved to be impossible. I get "false memories", as i call them. Remembering but finding out the memory was 100% incorrect. Drives me insane.  This happens to me so frequently that if I have an important engagement, I allow an extra hour for finding stuff that I've mislaid. I lost my eyeliner the other day. I was putting on my eyeliner then lost my focus, then looked down and realised it's gone. I was looking everywhere for that goddamn eyeliner. I called my boyfriend to help. He gave up after 5 minutes. I berated myself for losing it since I literally had it not even a second ago.

Turns out it was in my pocket. How the fuck did it get there? Fucking gnomes, man. Always stealing my stuff and making me look stupid.

I lost important things like my bank card a few times and left them in all sorts of places. I usually find my stuff after a day or two so it's okay. I have lost some really expensive stuff before though and it annoys me so much that I feel like I don't have control over this aspect of my life. multiple times a day [deleted] I did this very thing a couple months ago.  I could not find my bank card for weeks, so I sucked it up and went to the bank to order a new one.  When I got there they were very confused I had already lost my bank card, but went ahead and ordered me a new one.  I got home and the bank had switched from visa to mastercard, and the new card was waiting for me.  Sigh. I posted this down the thread but I really recommend taking the time to develop the habit of picking up instead.  First, you're creating a mess you have to deal with later and second you'll actually find it quicker if you pick up because you're taking away the 'interference' that's stopping you from finding it in the first place.  I took the time and now every time I lose something I end up with a cleaner house so I'm netting two positives.  I'm cutting down on the time I'm spending looking and I'm doing a task I'd have to do later where tearing it apart just results in even more time later and a large chance of me spending thirty minutes looking for the keys that I'd have found if I'd put the book I was reading back on the shelf or whatever object I'd laid on top of them.  Hahaha, yes! This is actually what i was looking for! I know that people with ADHD lose things a lot, but I find myself talking to them! I'm really glad to hear that someone else does that too. And I think the reason I do this is because if I didn't, I'd forget what I was looking for, or forget what I was doing. did you check the oven? I our house, all things that are even remotely kitchen-related always wind up in the oven.
 It's 100 times worse when there IS a little creature moving things behind your back!

Lost the part of the ice tea maker that holds the tea (suspect my daughter threw it away during that phase)

Lost my RSA token for work (found it in her doctor's bag, 6 months later)

Found a 5 pound bag of dried blueberries in her dresser.

Someone is taking all the tweezers... those pesky blankets! Well, the plus with kids is that if you misplace them, they holler.  Unfortunately, when you misplace the phone, it's usually when the battery is going to run out.
 Intellectually, I know this is true. Practically? I'm getting better, but I'm not there yet, and when the loss occurs when I'm trying to rush out of the house to be somewhere on time, I still freak out.... Haha, awesome. I also yell at things I bump into, I was at work with my buddies one day when I tripped over a box, I turned around and pointed at in and in a stern voice said "Hey!"

Awkward silence...

Laughter from everyone.

I've actually gotten a friend or two to start doing that >.> I'm so glad I'm not the only one that does this. My wife laughs at me all the time for talking to inanimate objects. I think we do this as a way to focus on something, emotions, a problem, a lost object. Instead of the dialogue occurring in a chaotic mind the goal/ process becomes external and more difficult to lose track of. 

TLDR: Brain to loud, must yell over brain.  That would actually make sense, so I didn't stick it there. My boyfriend teases me about when I lose stuff- I forget that I've looked in a certain place, so I'll go look there again. He says I just have to keep going to its spawn spot so it can reload... They have to realize you're gone before they cry/yell, though. So if you left them at home and drove somewhere, or left them in the car, or just forgot to go get them at daycare, there's no reminder.

And the number 1 way to not forget your kids in the car? Put your purse back there. So you don't have your phone when you realize, I guess… I know exactly what you mean.  It took years for me to finally form the habit even though I knew I should.  I did it by writing down the goal and sticking to it.  If you live alone or with someone you're comfortable doing this with I'd suggest leaving yourself sticky notes around for a month until you remember to do it one way instead of another.  You could make it simple and funny by posting, "Don't Panic!" or serious with a reminder that, "Panic takes more time than calm."  

If you're always losing your keys and wallet, I suggest a different method.  Create a place to put them and leave yourself reminders for that (you can program an android phone to remind you when your GPS detects you come in your house, I think, under the smart settings) you should put them in the right spot when you walk in the door.  I bought a box for the wall from goodwill with slots and a key holder for this purpose but I'm still awful about putting my wallet there although I am awesome at putting my keys away.  I've had babies so long, my problem is the opposite--- When I go out child-free, I'm constantly having mini-freak-outs b/c... the baby is missing! Oh right, he's at home with dad.... 5 minutes later? the baby is missing!

It's like my brain is now programmed to permanently scan for kids.
 My keys/phone issues at the moment are more related to 'Toddler Thief", so sadly, that won't help! Luckily, if I remember to put them on the top shelf of the medicine cabinet, they stay safe.

My big issue is combs and hairbrushes. We have at least 20 for me and the girls, but they wander off.....
 You made me giggle because the toddler is exactly why I have a box in the wall.  She was driving me nuts, stealing my keys and moving my wallet from purse to purse making me thinking I was crazy for distinctly remembering where I'd put them.  She was even moving my cards to my extra wallet I gave her.  Now she can't reach them and I don't need to hunt.   