Just a funny story about my ADHD in case anybody needs a laugh today :) Hey guys, long time lurker and first time poster here.  This sub has helped me a lot and I thought it would be the perfect place to share this frustrating yet funny thing I did today.

Sometimes, as a result of my inability to focus on multiple tasks at once, I lose things because I'll put them down somewhere, get distracted then completely forget where I put the thing when I need it later.  Happens all the time with books, wallet, headphones, etc.

Case in point: earlier today I grabbed a piece of fruit (probably to eat) but then got distracted and put it down somewhere.  Hours later, I have absolutely no idea where I put it. As such, there is now a rogue banana somewhere in my apartment, and I am an adult who lost a piece of fruit in their own home.

**UPDATE**: found it!  My friend spotted a single lonely banana blending in on top of a stack of coors banquet cans.  So always look on the booze shelf first I guess?  You guys are all awesome btw and I love that I'm not the only person who has misplaced fruit :p So...the upside to this story is that for the moment you are aware that you misplaced it so when you find it you will not be too terribly surprised. Found petrified mandarin orange in my glove box recently...no idea how,why, or when that occurred.  i loose my phone even when its in my hand and money always losing money either that or someone keeps pick pocketing me well someone getting rich off me  I can't get a take-home box at restaurants anymore. I WILL forget it in the car until the smell becomes inescapable.

I've managed to avoid the phone and wallet thing by becoming obsessive about pockets. Phone goes in the phone pocket, wallet goes in the wallet pocket, keys go in the keys pocket, and anything else is in the hands of god whether I remember it or not. I've lost track of how many wallets, phones, keys, tools, jobs, friends... yeah let's not go there. I don't think I have ever managed to lose any food but the day isn't over yet! "probably to eat" LOL that's the perfect picture of what my memory of my day always feels like One time I cleared a spot on my desk for my dinner plate and sat right in it.  Could be worse. Could have been a whole roast turkey!!! Is it bad that I lose money in my wallet? Like I always have my wallet on me....i just forget there's money in it, like all the time. I just lost my donut this morning! 

I really wanted it too...  I'm cleaning up my apartment today in preparation for guests tomorrow. I also had an important call from my cardiologist at 4:45. At 4:30, I realize I haven't used my phone in a while and I have no idea where it is. I start tearing around the apartment, undoing a lot of the work I'd done trying to find it. It was on the kitchen counter... Out in the open... Oh well.  Same thing happened to me with a banana! Found it months later... not rotted... just shrunken, seemingly completely desiccated in my desk under a stack of papers. I had to have buried it deep right from the start to have never noticed it.  [Rouge banana found in OPs apartment (2017 colorized)](http://i.imgur.com/UIP0mdz.png) I do this with coffee cups. All the damn time. I can relate so hard.  When I'm getting ready to the house, I will run around and put things I need to take with me together in one spot so I won't forget any of it.  Except that sometimes I make two separate spots and run off with half of what I need.   It always seems like such a good idea at the moment, like I'll just make a spot in the bedroom so I don't have to run this over to the kitchen to the other spot.  And then who forgets the bedroom stuff every single time? "a rouge banana" 
Haha thanks for the laugh man, I really needed it today :)  My grandma is known for searching all over the house for her glasses, which typically turn out to be on top of her head. It was extra hilarious when she did it once and even checked the top of her head, *while they were on her face*. :) I have a tendency to put things like milk and orange juice in the pantry instead of the fridge.  I lose glasses of water. I forget where I put one, get another and then end up with multiple glasses of water around the house. I feel like the little girl from Signs. I use my Apple Watch multiple times per day to figure out where I've left my phone around the house. :-) I have also considered buying those little tracking devices to put in my wallet and affix to my keys. That could save probably 30 minutes of searching per day... I once lost a pamphlet that turned out to be in my back pocket… 😅 I found a mandarine in my bedroom the other day. Was still good.  I can tell you that I've found countless forgotten apples and oranges in the bottom of my many purses, totes, messenger bags, and hiking bags. Usually with like the most ancient packet of trail mix possible.  😂😂😂 I laughed so hard reading this, the way you worded things was great. Thanks for this I needed it  Something similiar happened to me yesterday. I cooked something to eat and got out a plate for the food, but then thought that I should put the food in a bowl first so that I could clean the pan later. So then I searched for a bowl and put the food in it, only to discover that the plate was gone. I searched the kitchen, but just couldn't find it. Okay well, I got another plate and ate the food. 

Later, while clearing out the dishwasher, I opened the drawer where the cutlery is kept and discovered the plate in that drawer. I mean, how? I cannot remember doing it, and why would I put in there? What logic prompted me to do that? I have a similar story. Went to go eat some French onion dip one night, was surprised I couldn't find it in the fridge as I just ate some the night before. Started looking around to see where I had left it out. Looked everywhere I could think, no luck. It really bothered me that I could not find out. Finally found it later that night when I went to get a towel. I had put it on the top shelf of the linen closet when I had grabbed a wash cloth the night before (which I had forgotten about).  Speaking of food and losing things.  Yesterday I was making a spinach shake and thought I had took off an elastic band from a bag of powder I use, I was trying to find it but couldn't so I thought maybe it didn't have an elastic band on it in the first place.  This morning I was thirsty so I had some of that leftover shake, next thing you know it's like what is this chewy thing?!  It was a piece of the elastic band.. I'm guessing it may have flung into the blender.  I really don't know, but it was gross so I had to throw the rest out. Here's one for you. When I'm thirsty, I go to the kitchen to pour a glass of water... but usually discover that there's one already there waiting for me on the counter! (and it's still cold too) It's awesome! LOL that would be so unfortunate to discover!  haha I guess I'm lucky in that I don't lose money too often (knock on wood!) but I feel ya on the phone thing, and if it makes you feel any better I've lost my glasses before when they've been on my face! I not only have become this way but i've made habit to obsessively check if they are in their apropriate places very frequently. Yeah I'm the same with the pockets, if I have pants without the right pockets I'm screwed :p same here! I think this is the first time I've lost food, usually it's stuff that's a lot smaller and less noticeable than a bright yellow banana... me every day LOL Omg, I've done this TWICE somehow with setting my plate down on the couch and clearing a spot on the coffee table, then getting distracted, doing something else, sitting down without looking....so awful. And embarrassing!  I can totally see myself doing that lol I think we need a backstory here.  Yup I do that sometimes! It's a nice surprise when you're a broke student haha Each fall, I used to find some loose cash in my winter coat. In the springtime, I'd get another small windfall from my light jacket. Glad to hear I'm not the only one losing their breakfast! Haha happens to the best of us! I'm glad to know they don't rot too quickly, because if I don't find it soon I'm probably gonna move on and forget and find it months from now :p [deleted] this is so sick!! new phone background :) yes I lose SO MANY COFFEE CUPS. and then find them in like the bathroom or closet or other dumb places to have even had a coffee cup in the first palce Yeah that happens to me too! Always seems like a great idea at the time haha No problem dude :) humor is the best way to deal with a bad day in my opinion! Omg this is too real haha. I have been unable to find my glasses while looking through them INTO A MIRROR before :p Actually that's a really good idea for the keys, I should look into that... Glad it made you laugh! :) Haha very relatable! It's a super frustrating feeling to do things like this all the time, but sometimes it's just so illogical that all you can do is laugh :) Ah yes, these things end up in the strangest of places... omg!  At least you didn't swallow the elastic..?  Probably best to throw the whole thing out though :( Haha that is awesome! I do this all the time too. The worst was a bunch of bananas that I didn't find until there were fruit flies everywhere and a stain on the carpet.  Before Lasik, I did periodically lose the glasses on my face.

The embarrassing part (as if it wasn't embarrassing enough already)?

Without my glasses I was legally blind.

(Myopia lenspower -9.5; astigmatism lenspower 3.0) haha i wear glasses aswell so that is yet to happen to me i have a thing about pocket as i hate bringing  bags lol its funny im the one that looses everything in the group of friends i locked us out one night keys on the couch and yet im always the one left with the bags and everything and yet they complain i loose things and yet im the first one to be asked have you seen this lol irony is too funny  I've been fortunate enough to only do this once, but it's only a matter of time.  Thank god there wasn't anyone around. I would have died of embarrassment. What a dumb thing to do. Yeah, I'd definitely like to hear that one! Or a broke adult in general lol There are worse ways to lose one's breakfast :P Ty! I ~~stole~~ made it myself! :-D  Glad you like it ^ ^ I actually look in the closet now because I realized I go in there to get clothes for work while drinking a cup of coffee. Then I set it down on the dresser while I grab socks and a tshirt. It actually makes sense how it got there if you think about it. How I forgot it in the time it took to grab some clothes, that's the mystery. Today is the 5 year anniversary of my mother passing... On Mother's Day 2012.. This post was the first thing to make me smile all day. Keep posting bro, you're a funny dude :)  Yeah, exactly. At least I found it before my rommate did, I wouldn't ever live that down :D I'm hoping I didn't swallow the other pieces.. but I guess it could be worse haha oh my goodness!  Well it happens to the best of us (I may have once tried to put a pair of contacts in my eyes when I already had contacts in, and walked around with double contacts for a little bit.  Not my finest moment). oh man at this point I need my keys literally attached to me with a carabiner on my belt loop otherwise I will lose them.  Keys are the worst! I do tend to put large, obvious objects down and forget where I put them within seconds, and yes, a roast turkey wound up on the wrong table, causing a temporary panic until I noticed it behind the centerpiece. But the real story is the one of a two pound pack of pork chops that went missing in January in the car on a shopping trip and didn't show up, or rather, smell up, until April when the weather went up above freezing. Yes. I lead an exciting life. That indeed is the mystery. Am now going to look for the banana in my closet This much be such a tough day for you, I'm glad my post was able to help even a little bit. Being the "funny kid" has always been my way of dealing with life's various obstacles and I find even the smallest funny things can make a world of difference on the bad days. Stay strong my friend, sending lots of good vibes your way <3 It was a friend who found my rogue banana and I definitely tried to pretend like I put it there on purpose to avoid him never letting me live it down :p true, and I would think you'd know by now if you'd swallowed any more of it! yea a family member actually brought me a cup that next to my door that i put the keys into when i get in or they are at the bottom of my bag lol  The pork chops thing made me laugh! I love that the weather kept them frozen all winter  Are either of you medicated? I lose my keys and glasses money and just about everything still yea im on 10 mg of ritalin and sometimes it works and other times it doesnt  [deleted] I wonder if this is an improvement or if both of us should still switch meds. How do other meds compare with your forgetfulness (accidentally replied with my other account before, how very ADHD of me) but I've actually never been on any other medication so I wouldn't know! Oh im sorry to hear that, but at least youre aware of your concerns. Have you thought about addressing them with your doctor and trying medication?  The medication I've been on for a few years now actually works really well in other areas of my life, so I haven't really looked into changing it.  I'm okay with losing things from time to time :) Im confused, are those medications for other co morbidities? Do you have an adhd diagnnosis but dont want adhd medication?  No I'm on ADHD medication (what I said before was I've never tried being on another medication) 