Folks with poor memory : how does it affect your career and what techniques do you use to overcome problems caused by it? I started work as a programmer 3 months ago. Have a poor memory. I have to repeat something more number of times in order for it to stick.

To some success I use techniques like converting information to visual imagery and good notetaking to deal with it. 

Would like to here what others experience.  its gotten to the point where i make everything into multiple alarms  I just did everything immediately. I don't remember. My psych said: "That's good. But you'll not forget about things you think are important thought."

No, I forget things I care about. Things that I find exciting.

I try to make notes, alarms etc.

But I forget about them too. I take notes and use alarms and reminders in my email apps. If it's something very small I'll try to just do it immediately.  (I acknowledge these two are not particularly accessible and I'm not the first in your life to suggest them. It took a long time and a lot of luck for me to be able to implement this) but getting a better sleep schedule and exercise have been really helpful, personally. I just really hope I can turn it into a habit and not just another fad I'll drop in a week.  


hand writing notes has been great, too. If I'm studying something I usually take at least 3 passes: One reading, one note-taking by hand, and one transferring the notes to digital format I can review before a test or something. 

&#x200B;

A tip I learned that's helped but I'm still struggling to integrate is practicing recall after you read or write something. You read or write a short passage, look away, try to remember what you just wrote/read, and repeat.  Post-it notes. So many sticky notes placed at eye level. I've become really good at searching email servers & bug trackers for the information I need. That is, when I remember I need it. 

But you've got co-workers for that. 😜 Lists.  I keep a list of things I need to accomplish, and review it, add to it and cross off items each day.

Also, my email has the capability to flag emails for follow up and you can set the time frame.  

Also, someone suggested I jot down random thoughts while I am in meetings...these I just started keeping on a post it note and add to my list if necessary.   Care to explain further. Do you mean the tasks you need to do for the day? How do you think of specific times to remind.

Also it would be easier to use Google calendar for this. I use a android smart watch that reminds me of events without taking my phone out.  I do the same. 

It is used a reminders to get stuff done, or to make sure your not forgetting or focused on something else. 

You can use your phone for this, just set up a bunch of alarms that will go off throughout the day, usually the alarm on its own will remind you that you needed to do something. 