I legit wanted to cry when my psychiatrist understood the blank look on my face today. I've had issues with zoning out in conversations forever, it's a typical ADHD symptom. I also haven't been on medication for many years as I can function quite well on a day to day basic but as i moved to another country to study I've decided to start taking medication again to assist me with university and in order to get medication I needed to be re-diagnosed.

It was pretty good. When i was initially diagnosed the conversation was always handled by my parents, I knew i had ADD or ADHD (wasn't sure exactly which one) so i got the opportunity to learn a lot of things about my condition today but since there was a lot of information i had to take in i was pretty spaced out by the end of the hour long sitting.

She was like "Take this slip STRAIGHT to the pharmacist because you're probably going to lose it and i'll write all this stuff down for you because you're giving me a blank look which i understand"

I was like, wait, she knows what this blank look on my face means...  I love it when people write down what they’re telling me!!  I had to take a quotient test and a pee test as the final step for diagnosis. After the computer test I was given a slip and we headed down one floor and across a long hall for the pee and blood pressure test. Once the pee test was over I realized I lost my slip and we had to go all the way back to his office. Once we got the slip back I realized I left my jacket in the bathroom where I took the pee test. The psych was slightly annoyed, chuckled, held the bridge of his nose and said "well at least now I have zero doubts about your diagnosis".  >Take this slip STRAIGHT to the pharmacist because you're probably going to lose it

Oh lord this is too real Yay! I'm glad you got a good doctor! And good luck abroad!  My work place has sticky notes EVERY WHERE I go.  You can follow the trail of sticky notes to find me 😊 One of the Docs I work with says "trying to find me is like trying to catch lightning in a bottle. ". Lol.   I truy can't stay still.  My wife gets agitated when she sends me for food but I tell her to write it down but she does it because she knows it's the only way I'll get it right. > I knew i had ADD or ADHD (wasn't sure exactly which one)

"They told me, but I wasn't paying attention" That's awesome! Good planning ahead too. :)  I brought a few months worth of meds with me, but ran out of medication while teaching  abroad for a year. Had to get meds from a very reluctant French Psychiatrist with my still-mediocre French. That was a blast.  
 Fuck, i hate it when I zone out in the middle of someone talking. If they dont think its because im rude, they think its because i dont understand anything they just said. I know its happening because when it does my brain feels like a transmission with its gears slipping. Ace! The other day I had an appointment with a prescribing nurse to pick up my first medication for ADHD. Because of something else I am taking there's a small risk of a pretty serious complication. She was explaining this to me and giving the symptoms to be alert for and what to do if they come up. She wasn't even slightly fazed when I suddenly asked her to repeat everything she just said because I had tuned out! So refreshing to hear something like this about a doctor.  It seems so many people (my family included) have been dealing with an abuse stigma from pharmacists and doctors lately.  OP: this doc is a keeper! All the employees at my pharmacy know me. They hold onto scripts for me because if I don't take them directly to the pharmacy I WILL lose them. Thank god for the electronic system they've got going for most scripts now. If I may give you a LPT in case you’re ever in a meeting, on your computer, and the other party is doing a screen share: launch QuickTime and record screen and sound. 

I take copious notes but there’s nothing quite like having the ability to relive the meeting when you forget (like me) half of what seemed crystal clear at the time.  [deleted] Gosh, this is me. I can zone out and come back and panic cos I have no idea what they said in the last minute or so  Very well done on her part.

It says something about the state of some mental health professions when we are surprised and relieved to find one that really gets it. This was extremely helpful to me. Ive been reconsidering taking my meds again but its been years. I hate when friends get upset cause i wasn't paying attention or whatevs and I'm like dude even in hapkido (martial arts) which I LOVE I will zone out! I don't mean to! But my instructor will be talking and something he says reminds me of something else which makes me think about the time that happened and that other things happened and of yer there was that too and.... Oh shit what has he been saying?!! How long have I not been listening?!! Then he says "everyone got it? Ok Go" and I'm left going "shiiiiiit, what did he say? What am I supposed to be doing? I zoned out again!!" I always tell people to please do not pay attention to my face. I always look confused. Haha, it's because the wheels are turning. I appreciate written instructions as well. Awesome. When we renovated our house recently we put a chalk board wall in my 11yo son's \(ADHD\- non hyperactive ADD\) bedroom. "Check the wall" is becoming a common phrase in our house I recently got diagnosed and the doctor also had ADHD. I zoned out three times while he was talking and he pointed it  out every time.  I love that  Understanding is nice. By which I mean both understanding other people's pain and having them understand yours. Does anybody know why that happens? I feel like my brain just floats away and it frustrates me to no end because I really want to pay attention to what people are saying. Especially so I don't look like a complete dumbass at work, which has happened too many times.  Oh God. I also have adhd and sometimes i zone out too. It just frustrates me as i feel like it's my fault, even though it's not. It doesn't happen all the time, but it usually happens in lesson, which is frustrating. -- I used to get told off ALL the time when I was a kid for looking "belligerent". I remember it as blanking out.  Do this with stuff I watch. We'll watch an entire episode or season of something and my partner will say: Remember in that show bla bla bla. And I won't even remember having watched it. My doctor does that too. Gives me a folder, pulls up vitamins on his computer he wants me to try and makes me take a picture of them lol I zone out AND rarely give a shit about what the other person is talking about.  It's not because I don't want to care, it's just that it takes so much effort to pay attention and not interject with my own fleeting thoughts that I'd rather not talk to people. I really need to find a good doctor.  I gave up a few years ago.  Lol apparently my zoned face is very irate.. 
Ppl ask "what is *wrong*?!" And I am always like "huh? Oh....." LMAO yep.

Sounds like you are on a winner, with her!

It's all ADHD if you are in the USA or AUSTRALIA, with 3 subgroups: hyperactive, inattentive, combined.

Also don't be mistaken in thinking **impulsive** is a hyperactive trait, it's in all of us, just in different ways depending on our upbringing, social status, country, job... It's absolutely worth it to keep looking until you find a good doctor. I think I have a keeper: he has a great office with very comfortable armchairs, but they're leather so it squeaks with the slightest movement and the noise was extremely annoying and distracting. It was driving me insane that I couldn't fidget so I finally asked if I could sit in a different chair. He didn't mind at all and I sat in a plastic chair he had near his desk. (There's like one area with the armchairs just for talking and at the end of the appointment we sit at his desk and he writes the prescriptions). This week on my latest appointment he remembered that and when I came in he had already moved the chair for me! It might seem small but it was so thoughtful and really made me feel understood.  Yes!

I remember people having really serious,  important talks to me and in the moment i understand everything crystal clear and then the minute the conversation is over i literally don't know what we talked about. I've tried to make a habit of getting them to summarize an entire conversation down to one sentence for me before i leave and that tends to work otherwise i could spend all day going in loops as one piece of information enters another piece is ejected. I have my wife text me anything I need to remember about a conversation as we're having it, especially when I'm driving or I'm about to go somewhere and can't write it down. She's s lifesaver. Seriously. I'm getting into the habit of taking pictures of notes with my phone due to the likelihood of my losing them. I keep trying to get my stepdad to do this BUT HE WON'T and I am ready to set fire to his stupid beard over it. Same! In a group convo my new housemate asked me to feed her horse and cat for her while she isn't home and I was like, "just write it all down just in case" and I think she thought my "just in case" was if I forget about it entirely, and that's fair (but personally, it's an animal, I'd never forget that), but it's also so I can remember exactly what I'm meant to do in case I fuck it up because I can't remember small details and don't want to have to scroll through all of our messages to get to the information I need. I also remember physically written things a lot better.  
  
I do all my planning, lists, budgets, etc, on pen and paper for this reason. [deleted] [deleted] Why did you need to pee in a cup? Similar story. Shrink left me in the room by myself to fill out a bunch of surveys, because that's a good idea. She had an analog clock with a really loud second hand on the table. After a few minutes I took it and put it under a blanket inside the closet.

Later, between two of my electronic test she walked in and asked me what did I do with her clock. She said if she didn't know already she certainly did then. My wife knows to send me a text with what she wants for anything. If not I'll forget and call her anyway, so it just saves us both time and trouble.  And then waits until she's given you enough time to get inside the store and sends you a picture of the list because she knows you left it either at home or in the car? Me too. Yeah, I heard France doesn't believe in ADHD, they see it as a moral failing that requires stricter parenting. This, this. On a regular basis at work. I'm hearing what they say  but when I go to repeat it, deer in the headlights.  Oh man, a window is like a portal, you can't help but stare to see what is happening on the other side. My doc doesn't let me get the window room anymore. She thinks I didn't notice. When I said something about she just smiled gave me "the look." That was before they caught me taking the orthoscope apart.  I just nod and act like i'm listening. :\ *Finally!* Yep, this is spot on, it happens all the time to me. Sometimes I'm aware that it's happened but most of the time it's not until hours later that something triggers and I go 'oh crap, that's why they said that, they were reading my face in conjunction to what I was saying'. I said to the lady that on a unconscious level i feel like i am very well functioning but on a higher level I wasn't.

This is basically what happens, we're a bunch of lizard brains with a driver (our frontal lobes) that falls asleep (due to the neurochemistry) and when the driver falls asleep i feel like we operate on more of a lower level. That's my take on zoning out. I feel like when i've zoned out that i'm running more on habit then actual thoughts and action Well technically it is your fault :P

On a serious note, it's the only thing I hate about the meds, I am very aware when they aren't working, and that just frustrates me more. But i can't sit still if i'm not doing something. I thought i was just ADD until he said that the constantly having to do something trait is the symptom for the hyperactive part of ADHD I try and do this with verbal instructions at work. After they're done telling me something, I'll try and sum it up in one sentence, ideally so that I can remember it long enough to get back to my desk and write it down. I hate it when they keep talking about unrelated stuff after I get my summary in. My manager has started to understand that I need to write everything down (she thinks it's so cute), so she'll actually tell me to write stuff down if it's important or my eyes start glazing over, and she doesn't mind me interrupting her to say "hang on, let me write this down quick" Every damned day.  I’m in a new job and people talk at me, I get it in the moment, I go to do the task myself, have NO IDEA what to do.   What symptom is this, and what medicine has helped you Aaaaand I’m sat here reading these comments to my OH’s aspergers style brain. Possibly the most conflicted combination I could find in a partner. We try.  kinda related- i work at a doggy daycare. in this doggy daycare, all the collars and tags are removed. we have to recognize the dogs and remember their names on sight. my whole first week was asking a coworker a dog’s name, then forgetting it less than a minute later, and asking again, then forgetting it less than a minute later.. i’m surprised i wasn’t fired, lmao.  At work I almost always have my laptop in front of me and I have an app pinned to the side of my desktop where I keep running notes every day. I wish I could do that fory entire life.  Too much work. Send that to me in an email.  Teamwork!!! That’s awesome.  Oh, yeah, I use my phone a lot as an aid. I have a ridiculous amount of alarms, every time I say, I’ll do that tomorrow, I set an alarm to remind me tomorrow.  That’s really helpful. 
Photos for everything, from my bookshelf to remember what books I have, to my pantry/fridge when I grocery shop. 
Even just “oh I need to remember that for later”  could be a sign up or where I parked.  
It releives the stress of trying to remember things I know I won’t. 
It’s my external memory device!! Lol, oh geez, I can relate! Hahahahahahahhaha that post it note story is hilarious! Just pretend that you wanted to raise awareness of diabetes insipitus Because one of the first steps in any psychiatric diagnosis is ruling out drug abuse.   You need a sober patient before you start messing with brain chemistry,  and psych patients (depending on disorder) aren't always forthcoming about illicit drug use or self medication. 

ADHD has frequent comorbidity with substance use disorders,  too- I (as an ADHD patient) would argue it's ALL self medication,  or at least starts that way.  But what do I know? :P Drug testing, I assume. Had to clear a drug test to receive schedule II medication My wife bought a desk from ikea that has a dry erase board built into the back panel and she rights everything down that I need to do while she is at work. I've learned to write everything down on my phone because it's the one item that goes EVERYWHERE with me. My ADHD father was standing next to me as we were talking to one of the head rowing referees for our region (my dad and I are both assistant referees) and the guy asked us to email him about something. Instinctively, I whip out my phone and write down his email and my dad just chuckles and says, "....And here I am still searching for a piece of paper and a pen to write with! [Insert old man joke here]"  LMAO. I've gotten quite good at that haha Yeah I feel like my brain has a filter with a timer. So for example if someone is talking to me I have a timer on how long I can focus. 
Then my brain just quits and goes somewhere else, and the filter chooses what I remember and what I don't. It's definitely a pilot mode that's activated against your will. Not even close. 🦎 I do this too!! It really does help a lot.

Of course, I need to get better about writing my notes in a way that makes sense... I'm trying to write them quickly so I'm not wasting anyone's time, and then I end up not being able to understand what I wrote later. Not because it's messy, but because it's in this weird disjointed shorthand. I'm dealing with this issue currently, since I'm covering for someone at work. It's been a week of "WHAT DID THIS EVEN MEAN OMG" and running around with my hair on fire lol. I just bought some flower baskets at a nursery yesterday and I made the poor woman listen to me repeating care tips back to her like five times lol i do this too! it always feels like i'm retaining all the info they're giving me but i've been in so many situations where as soon as they walk away i panic because i don't really remember what they told me to do. so now once they're finished telling me, i'll say "okay so you want x y & z by this time at this location right?" and they reassure me and it helps it stick in my mind repeating it out loud or catching any mistakes lol.  My own diagnosis is pretty recent and I realise I've been doing this for ages! I always go through packets of post its at work and carry a pad with me 'cause I do this a lot. Never realized that it was a symptom.  I only usually try to summarise when the thing they are talking about is really confusing - as a lot of info to take in. My old lead used to do that for me lol. She’d give me instruction for what to do the next day, summarize it so I would hear it again. and then a few minutes later she would ask me what I needed to do to see if I remembered. She would also write it down for me and leave it on our desk lol.  It isn't cute. It's a copping meganism because people will interrupt my train of thought. ["Inattentive, forgetful, can’t retain information, sudden blank mind"](http://www.adhd.org.nz/adults/)

Me in a nutshell. Concerta helped alot back when i was going to school but i'm going with ritalin since concerta puts me in a bad mental state Why do they take the collars off? Yeah! We've had a lot of discussions and worked very hard to be on the same page with one another. I'll check in with her about what things are important, and she'll help me with however I need to have help remembering. What used to be an understandable and probably frustrating pain point (ie "What? I've told you that like 6 times!") is now a source of strength for us. I love her 😊 You're absolutely right. My phone has become my brain's headquarters. Whereas others use their phones as time sinks and distractions, I use mine for keeping me organized and on task.

Having said that, I still use and love my panda planner and my meeting notebook.  I literally have to put everything in my calendar and I always check it before I say yes to anything because I’m the worst at remembering literally anything even if they’re really important obligations and I double book social events sometimes :( [deleted] What country was this? When I saw a psychiatrist for the first time they made me get a drug test as well as some blood work, I guess just to check for any possible illnesses. Ironically my primary care provider was the first one to diagnose me with ADHD and didn't require a drug test. My psychs' clinic is located in a hospital so they have fast access to those resources. It's also probably the fact that my PCP knows more about my medical history as well. I also have a hard time reading sometimes, for example, i was reading one of these comments and i had to read it back to myself like 5 times! Not because i'm not a good reader, just because i sometimes find it difficult to process the words. That's the best  She doesn't mean cute in a condescending way, it's more in a mom sort of way I cant remember names at all... I am have several uniform items and forget this or that or the other all the time. I cant remember new words I'm studying but remember the entire concept like super easy. I jump from one task to the next one I remember to the next one I remember... it's like I have to hurry up and do the task before I forget it only to remember something else and forget it. Ritalin and Concerta are the same drug. OMG. i still take concerta and it also makes me have really bad thoughts. I might need to change to ritalin... Thanks for the idea :)

I thought it was just me who had weird thoughts (without control). when i started i wondered the same thing and i totally just never asked but here’s my best guess:

1) we use slip leads to wrangle the pups when they’re misbehaving and the leads would most likely become tangled with the collars

2) collars give other dogs something to grab onto when doing the aforementioned misbehaving and it could even maybe end up with the dog getting grabbed choking

3) many dogs have issues with resource guarding and if a collar were to come off it could end up becoming a resource many dogs fight over potentially very aggressively

there is actually one dog who wears a collar but it’s only because he jumped our 8 foot fence outside once and so he has to have a collar for his safe return home if he were to get out again, lmao Art... Art imitates life. Drug testing a patient before prescribing medications for ADHD is standard practice here in the Texas. I'd assume it's that way in all US states, since most of the meds used for ADHD treatment are Schedule II drugs Okay. But concerta only comes in an extended release.

The thing is going to university is kinda pointless without medication, there is no way i can keep up with the other students but if Ritalin has the same negative side effects as i felt on concerta atleast it won't be for the whole day. I take Adderall. I didn't like Ritalin and hated Vyvanse. V made me irrationally angry all the time. I felt like i wasn't a human when i was on concerta, like i was a zombie and i got a lot of my emotive drive stripped away.

It was like, yeah, i can study and function better than most of my peers but at what cost? I felt like i had to lose myself in in the process. That all makes sense! I only ask because I recently read of a dog that got accidentally sent home with the wrong owners from a doggy daycare and escaped from their home (with no collar). Makes sense. Thankfully not the case here in Canada, though the College of Physicians and Surgeons here in BC recently proposed new guidelines 'requiring' yearly, random urine tests for people taking stimulant medication. That said, I've not heard of it being enforced. In FL, can confirm. Had to be drug tested. And again every so often to make sure I’m actually taking my meds.  That's fair. Do you have other options if Ritalin affects you the same way? ah, i gotcha! that would be spooky, but fortunately the way dogs go home, they’re sent into a cage with their owners and their collar and leash, so that would be almost impossible. i’ve always been a lil paranoid about sending the wrong dog to the wrong owner though, but the owner would just let us know it’s the wrong dog and we’d have to pull them out NS here, my doc has me draw a marble from a bag everytime I go in, if it's clear I take a piss test. I think it's not mandated, but recommended.

On another note, it's weird to have a drug test where you fail if you're not taking drugs enough. In FL as well. I’ve see 3 psychiatrists in my life and they all prescribed Ritalin and concerta without a drug test. I was diagnosed at 16 though yeah there's other medication out there but i'm feeling pretty hopeful with ritalin. I hated not being on my medication in school but i also hated being on my medication at home so i think having an immediate release option (i've never had that before) is going to be amazing The thing is it was two golden retrievers that got switched and the first family didn't notice until they got home 😳 I hope it all works out for you. I wouldn't be able to do university without medication. It requires so much discipline, sigh. 