Adderall and Time While I'm very much an adult I was just diagnosed with (rather severe) ADHD. Having just started taking adderall (2 days, 10mg generic) I've found that while in the past I have been very conscientous about time (can't stand being late and I schedule everything) I am now newly conscious of time - I find myself dividing up my day in productivity chunks and feel amazed at how LITTLE time has passed when I've done something.

Is this typical and how can I both work on using and improving the technique? I don't want to be an  all about productivity asshole but since this is entirely new to me I'd like to take as much advantage of it as I can.  Welcome to [flow](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_(psychology\)) :) This occurs with me when the meds are active, and I am focused on something novel. If I am doing a repititve task that has some sort of built in reward (i.e. xbox, counter-strike, reddit, getting lost in wikipedia) then time still flies and I end up spending too much time on those things.

I think watches might help, but as you mentioned, there is more to life than productivity. At this point it sometimes feels like I am so focused on productivity I lose other aspects of my life at times.

TLDR; Used to be productive so I could relax, now I'm just productive it seems.  Don't panic! Everything is working as intended. :)  

 This is kind of random, but I have ADHD as well, and I take 40mg of Adderall 4x a day, and I k ie what you mean. It helps if get what I need to get done first then do things like Xbox so of I lose track of time it doesn't matter. Wow- thanks very much for these responses.  It is completely astounding to me that a small pill could have this dramatic an effect- I don't want to waste it.  Just keep in mind that it will change a lot over the coming weeks/months. This is the honeymoon period :) The first days can often have some euphoria, and of course it's just a revelation to feel focused for the first time. Negative side effects may show up as well.

Just use this time to implement good habits in your life, and make the most of it! Congrats. Looking for all the lessons learned and how to make the most of it (in retrospect).

Oh- is this how it feels to be normal or is it better than normal"? I agree. There comes a point where, even with meds, you have to make a choice to do something productive. Its is so easy to take that energy and say watch TV for 6 hours or play a videogame. I make lists and use my calender extensively. Still forget appointments, but it is an ongoing process. I still hate to read my text books.  How could we answer this question? I know its rhetorical but it's something that's been stressing me out whenever I have any moderately successful time focusing in class or studying, managing my time or simple things like not forgetting or losing my ish. I  always ask myself I wonder if this is how people without ADHD live and I get pretty frustrated of all the intentional work, planning and fucking speed i have to do to get there. But i would like to get a qualitative description of people without ADHD in flow and compare that with someone with ADHD on stimulants? Or try to do this quantitatively with EEG? It seems really difficult without that kind of analysis to know how someone without ADHD experiences time considering I don't think I've ever been a person without ADHD. But I do wonder if it's even comparable, I mean Im sure it's comparable in outcome but I wonder about the differences in the mechanisms of getting to that outcome. I am going to keep going to therapy- I have been for a while and had resisted any sort of med as I felt it was just a matter of "will" which it clearly isn't and now I understand better. I plan to keep up with the strategies I've been using and hopefully reboot my social and professional life and recover those which my rather subconscious habits have sabotaged and only use the adderall during weekends and not always then.  I am a;sp getting my doctorate so I'm going to continue to try and study "raw" unless it becomes overwhelming (which it often does).  