I forget how it feels to be in medication Something that has really frustrates me about myself is i always forget the effects my medication( both adderall and sertraline) have in me. I really feel normal, but i think after a while of taking them i forget that this is all due to medication and either i forget to take my medication or dont want to after a while. Then my life turns into a shitshow, like it did recently the last time i was on it. Does anyone also do this? Its so frustrating because I KNOW i need my medication, but i have a really hard time following a long term routine and i also forget about the positive effects my meds have. This has happened so many times and i feel like a worthless person for just being so inconsistent I got my first Rx over the summer and it seemed like it was working then school started and I thought it wasn't doing anything. After a few months on it I had already forgotten what it was off my meds then after a couple of weeks off I realized that I had forgotten what it was like on my medication and fixed that mistake. Yea that definitely happens to me, but i do it over and over again. Its so frustrating, its like i just cant remember or if i do, i think i can do better even though CLEARLY i cant lol Ah well such is my life.  Is there someone you can ask to be your medication advocate? Decide you won't stop or start the meds without at least talking to them first? And maybe they'll do a good job of reminding you? You know, i think i tried that for a while. At least i think so. I told people about my medication but it seems that i didnt realize how stubborn i am and how much i hate taking medicine. Unfortunately I think both parties didnt realize this, as did I, and I think justified not taking medicine one way another. I guess i just need to learn the hard way, of which repercussions i still am dealing with. Its not easy either being in an environment where no one else understood the severity of my anxiety, depression and ADHD are. Thanks for asking though, i really appreciate that you care. I moved on from that situation, as I am home now, but it still bothers me that one day ill fall in the same cycle and ill just ens up hurting someone and myself in the process. 