BRUSH YOR FUCKING TEETH (and maintain any other important hygiene procedures) I never realised before that my ADHD affected my hygiene so much. Every morning I am in too much of a rush to brush my teeth or make lunch. I lose track of time so I am always on the run. Then I spend anywhere from 30min to 2h in the shower before I go to bed and I either forget about it and remember when I’m in bed or I really just don’t want to do it. It’s so embarrassing but I can’t help it. I used to wash it with listerine when my habit broke and now I don’t do either. It such a tedious task it’s painful. Now my gums bleed every time I brush my teeth and I recently had an infection - no plague (yet I guess). It’s ridiculous. But then, what in my life isn’t.  I realized long ago I had a tendency to forget certain hygiene tasks... hence I keep a oral hygiene travel kit with me either in a coat pocket, bag, &/or my vehicle at all times.  
That, and *deodorant*.  I hate when I think I've actually managed to remember everything until hours later when I realize I smell BO.  Ugh. Hi OP,

My daughter was just diagnosed. She's almost 10. Any tips from your experience you could give a single mom to help her establish that routine?  

Keep being awesome! Infrequent teeth brushing ✓

Long showers ✓
 Yes! Truthfully I’ve actually always been absolutely terrible with brushing my teeth - I’m lucky enough that I haven’t caused damage, though my teeth are a little yellow. It is my New Years resolution, though I obviously haven’t told anyone  So as a dad with ADHD and an ADHD son, this is tricky. I mean the problem isn’t him forgetting.. it’s me grinding my teeth while he takes forever.

So now I brush my teeth at the same time as him... and I brush my dogs teeth, and clean the bathroom....

All while he talks about a cool minecraft video he watched last year, and attempts to brush his teeth.

My wife thinks I’m now some kind of rock star now, and I’m not so angry with my son.

Also, little dog doesn’t have ass breath! Not even that I forget, anyone else just find it as a motherfucking burden to get up from ur distraction and take 2 min to brush teeth. Word I feel this regularly. It became intolerable. So on my last Vyvanse course I fixed it, with some magic, where did this info come from? Have never been able to figure this out, but it just  came to me. 

10-15 mins a day. Morning shower, neck beard trim, brush and floss, contacts in. 

Ideally at night splash water on face, moisturize face before bed, brush teeth again, but that is flexible, may not do it daily

I made a schedule: divide other tasks into days of the week

Full beard trim on Thurs


Trim my balls and wash hair on Fri


Cut nails on sat


Laundry on sun . Etc

Make a list of all products, hung up, note when  it's out. Order 3 on amazon

This way I am not thinking about what needs to be done or when to do it. Things happen on days of the week  and that's  it. Im not playing catch up trying to do all the tasks at once, and it's faster

Also I carry a travel kit and do it later if needed


Andddd write the shit down keep it posted on the wall I skip a lot more than I'm willing to admit. That's why building it into the routine is so important. Won't catch all cases, since routines get disrupted, but it helps. My only hygiene issue has been remembering to brush my teeth in the morning and before bed. I do it before bed (mostly) now because I have a mouth guard I have to wear (due to teeth grinding when I sleep). Somehow at my last dentist appt I didn't have any cavities, though. Have you ever considered getting a timer to help you recognize how long you've been in the shower.....? Or listen to a podcast that's < 40 min?   
It's difficult to comprehend how much you're running up your utilities by spending that long in the shower.... This is my most shameful symptom.   So shameful, in fact, that I consciously keep it secret from my counselor and diagnosing therapist.

Thank you for being so open and honest here, OP.  

I will briefly think about flossing 20 times a day but rarely will actually follow through. We live in The Matrix and  you and I are copies from the same template. 

I have started to manage dental hygiene to a point. I have a checklist for my social worker to...well...check and so she acts as motivation and responsibility....gun to my head. It is like Barkley says, we have to be held accountable. And it works somewhat motivational *an sich* to check off things.

No more bleeding gums. But *fingersnap* and the rhythm or momentum is gone. So yes I am in bed and am tired and won't get up. Maybe I do that one in 20 times. 

I brush during showers.  I have this problem so darn bad. I wake up and walk out the door for work no “time to brush” then work all day, then have things to take care of after work, then I’m exhausted and pass out before I think to brush. I need an alarm clock that tells me to brush or something The number of times I forget deodorant, geez. I keep a stick in my backpack now though just in case.  Yup. This is my world. Hygiene products everywhere. Because I’m never going to remember when normal people do so I carry as much as I can with me and leave stuff in my car, and at my office, and then when I forget all that stuff? I buy more. 






I fucking hate this part of my life. I hate having to wear extra layers because I forgot deodorant and didn’t remember until I could smell myself. I hate instinctively directing my face away from people when I talk because I’m so used to forgetting to brush my teeth that I just assume I haven’t. I hate having to buy crap clothes on the fly because I don’t think about doing laundry until the moment I go to get dressed. 






It’s humiliating and utterly demoralizing to struggle with this basic shit at 34. 







But that’s my life with ADHD. Bah, I hate hate hate smelling bad so I always make sure I'm clean and brushed and whatnot almost to a fault, if I am going somewhere.  But almost every frigging night I forget to brush my teeth before bed.  Brb going to brush right now.  also pls floss OKAY THATS A LITTLE TOO CLOSE TO HOME FOR ME Holy crap...  I have found my people! It amazes me how absolutly nobody tells you (even as a kid) the amphetamines theyre giving you is going to affect your oral health and give you cottonmouth which will cause problems as an adult. I always had the habit of brushing my teeth as soon as I woke up and right after I get in the shower. It was the only way I'd do it, because I remembered to and was already near the sink. Then I moved into a dorm last year and the bathroom was down the hall. I couldn't go there right when I woke up, so I'd forget to do it then. I couldn't do it right after my shower because I'd have to get dressed first, so I'd forget. I never found a solution, except to move out. The only thing that worked for me to get me brushing regularly was using Clo-Sys, which is a mild, chlorine based mouthwash.  It's like swishing (clean) pool water.  It's so easy, and isn't painful like Listerine. It doesn't burn or anything, so I take a swig and swish while I pee or whatever.  I think of this step as lowering the "activation energy"of the tooth brushing process.


  Once I swish with Clo-Sys, it feels "awkward" to just stop (especially as the Clo-Sys is rather expensive), so I usually proceed with the flossing, brushing, Listerine and fluoride rinse.  Ah, the joys of inertia.  Also, I'll put on a song or audiobook to help me off the couch.  I have legit stayed up even though I was tired because I didn't want to brush my teeth, so getting into the bathroom and starting with something easy really helps!

I brush very softly, but always floss, without exception (now...).  Thus my teeth are very clean when I go to bed.  I don't bother to brush in the morning.  I generally get compliments at the dentist for cleanliness and whiteness.  I might get a small cavity every few years but it's much better than it used to be. I have a problem keeping up with my hygiene but it's from my crippling depression, not my ADHD. Even when I do take a shower, which isn't very often, I don't usually wash my body, just my hair and my face. Thank god I apparently have a body made of soap or something because I smell just fine even after 4 days of not showering (and yes I do ask other people) I do always have those chewing gums on me.

And I try to brush them in the morning and do brush them about 9 out of 10 times in the evening (now that I'm on medication....)

Music in the bathroom and an electric toothbrush are helpful imo. I keep toothbrush paste and mouthwash in my purse and back pack for this reason. I will usually end up at work and realize i forgot to brush my teeth or hair. Hold on....how can you stay in the shower for 2 hours? Do you have a 5000 gallon water heater? Yeah I’ve had issues forgetting to brush my teeth for years. 🤦🏻‍♀️ Ya when I was younger I use to literally hate cleaning. It was so repetitive. I've found that setting the routine that you brush your teeth when you would shower is a effective way to at least get 1 brush in a day, aint optimal but it's certainly better then none.

Funny part? My teeth have always been healthy even though as a child i never brushed I also was never allowed soda cause sugar bad lol. By the time I was 18 I onpy had 2 cavities. Which of I'm Bring honest i deserved many many more for how lazy I was lol I used to struggle with forgetting all the time too! Brush them in the shower! that way you're in there with not much to look at. You will sooner or later spot your toothbrush and toothpaste to remind your self :) Yeah it sucks but I forget to brush on the daily OP?!? Are you me? Or am I you?! The first appointment I had with the psychiatrist I had to text my boyfriend to bring in my deodorant (amongst other things).  I leave my toothbrush, razor, and mouthwash in the shower. I typically shower in the mornings so I just do it all at once. I'll usually brush at night when I can. Sometimes I leave a spare deodorant in my car in case I forget. I have annoying ADD so when I do everything at once, it feels right. 

-Guy on his wife's account.  I'm 19 and JUST finished my last round of fillings TODAY, I got 18 cavities from doing similar things. Being too lazy or just forgetting to brush. THANKFULLY if you get ahold of it now you can save your teeth, just brush your teeth twice a day from now on and the Gingivitis will go away,mine has. Most definitely go to the FUCKING dentist and get whatever you need done, done. You do not want Abscessed teeth. 

ALSO MOTHER FUCKING FLOSS. Floss sticks are far easier to use than normal flossing so I recommend that. If you drink a soda or juice make sure to swish out your mouth with water right after as that will definitely save your teeth Like u/ExhaustedGinger said below, *Commitments based on "number per time period" things like "going to the gym 5 days a week" are bullshit. Commitments that are inflexible and definite like "going to the gym monday, wednesday, friday, saturday, and sunday" are not.*

So much this. Normal organizational strategies are really hard and usually don’t work. And I have yet to meet an ADHDer for whom consistency and “lots of structure” have worked over time. I build a routine that a few times I have maintained for a year. Fall off the wagon one day and never get back on. Thing is, I figured that if I built a different routine around the same task, it gets done. Like teeth brushing. Had a morning routine established that was interrupted one time and off the wagon I fucked. My teeth still needed to be brushed, tho. I decided to brush my teeth before bedtime then rinse with Listerine in the morning.  It was such a relief! I realized that I HATED brushing my teeth in the morning. The consistency of the toothpaste, the smell, too much sensory overload in the morning, I don’t know. But brushing at night worked: putz around doing whatever the fuck it is I do in the evenings then start winding down for bedtime, brush teeth then putz around some more.

ADHDers are not motivated by importance. We are motivated by urgency (sometimes), fear that someone is going to discover whatever your BAD THING is (usually some we forgot/neglected to do), and we are motivated by things we find interesting.  I had a very strict morning routine in high school (did not always include brushing my teeth until things reached critical mass). What motivated me to adhere to that routine wasn’t normal personal hygiene reasons; it was boys. My mom forced me to take piano lessons for a couple of years. I FUCKING HATED IT. She finally gave up. Years later she said, “Too bad you didn’t keep playing. Imagine being able to sit down at a party and start playing beautifully. Men love that.” I was like WAIT WHAT?!! If she had presented it to me like that, I totally would’ve kept up the lessons. 

Turns out I’m really motivated by building a story or fantasy around whatever it is I need to do. I’m educated, have a good job and have a nice house literally because I wanted to be Mary Tyler Moore or the Bionic Woman* and have cool wall hangings and ferns in my apartment.

So yeah. Brush your teeth.

*I’m old. Don’t forget a nightguard for teeth grinding.  I just had like 7 fillings last year as I didn't go to the dentist for 10 years and I've just had my first 6 month checkup and now I need peridontal work. Definitely from forgetting to brush.

I promised myself I'd make a proper effort so I never have to get another lower jaw injection again but I'm due two. 
 The first thing I put on my Habitica app was brush teeth.  you have to go to the bathroom to pee in the morning, brush them immediately upon flushing the toilet.   Pro tip for properly flossing your teeth: Don't do it in front of a mirror. That is too boring for most of us, thus you will either run through too fast or don't want to do it at all.
Instead, take your floss with you and do it while watching some interesting enough TV-show / Youtube-video etc. To make it even easier for you, have extra stashes of floss next to your sofa, computer and other places where you are most likely to spend your time around the time of the day when you should be flossing. No need to move anywhere to do it. I found one of the things that really helped me was sitting down and scheduling my morning before work. So allocating a certain time for each thing you need to do and setting alarms with a label for each task. Also prepping lunch the night before helps incredibly for me.  *R E A D  A  B O OHKAAAY*

(couldn't resist) Not brushing regularly nearly killed me once when I was younger, led to an abscess and my face swelled up like a balloon. Easily some of the worst pain I've ever felt.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uldt6Y-CE3s 
 It sucks! I used to forget sometimes. Now I keep travel toothbrush + toothpaste in my briefcase + office drawer. An alarm in my phone reminds me to brush after lunch at 1:30pm.  I know ;(
I hate it I am on top of it or I don't participate.

 What leSpacePotato is right on. I keep a small pill container ,that I carefully washed, with mouthwash in my car door panel. Now every-time I open the car door and look out I see the mouthwash and remember to use it.   I've had issues with this for a long time. I have managed to get into the habit of it over the last couple of years. I managed to train myself to do it enough that I now can't stand the feeling of dirty teeth. However the many years of not bothering has left me with a recurrent oral thrush problem, which doctors are always baffled by, because a person my age should not get oral thrush. Anyway. I just tell them I've had it before and they eventually give me the meds.

BTW - flossing is way more effective than mouthwash, even though it's boring and annoying to do. Apparently a waterpik is even better, and is actually quite fun, so if you have any money to spare, that might be worth a try.

I am hoping to do the same self training with showering. Currently having 3-7 days' grot on me feels normal whereas freshly showered skin/hair feels strange. I used to have that with teeth but managed to turn it around. I hope I can do it with showering too, but I just moved and it's shattered everything so it's a struggle even to shower twice a week like I have been doing. In the last few years I've run into dental hygiene issues. I "have" a plan in place if I would ever follow it. Basically prior to getting in the shower I would brush my teeth and directly after dinner do the same. That way I'm not doing it when I'm tired, and by the time I'm done showering the minty flavor is gone. 

I had periodontist and the x-rays were enough to scare the shit out of me, let alone their talk about how I'd lose teeth if I didn't do something now. It's crazy.  I suck at brushing my teeth and i havent been to a dentist in 3 years... i am dreading it I keep my toothbrush in the shower so i dont forget to brush Buying a nice Phillips sonicare toothbrush has helped me! It has a two minute timer on which keeps me on task.  [deleted] It's pretty true. I'm ashamed to say it, but I only really brush my teeth probably twice a week. I have amazing genetics for my teeth, I've never had a cavity. I just got my wisdom teeth pulled, and I now realise how bad I've been.  Two words- car deodorant. I'm missing five teeth and I have a crown on one, and fillings in all the others. Oral Hygene is no joke and can cause major problems down the line. Your gums are basically a hotline to your heart too, bad dental hygiene == heart disease.  Two *hours* in the shower? Damn, I've spent 30+ minutes before but never that bad. I'm down to hanging a sticker chart in my bathroom to remind me, but I hate it, it's so uncomfortable, and the prescription mouthwash is even worse. I cannot wait until I can stop using it.

I'm usually good about hygiene tasks, but I'm shit at tooth care. Game changer: [shower clock](https://www.ecrater.com/p/29224046/waterproof-kitchen-bathroom-bath-shower?gps=1&id=80959773019&gclid=Cj0KCQiAh_DTBRCTARIsABlT9MYF0_vV51Wrbns7Z0QVHhizhC7UlS82TAqR2gIWoWkHzH6PtwiNpA4aAkN6EALw_wcB). I have a rule that everytime I think of brushing my teeth I have to get up and do it (within reason)..so brb! Prevident toothpaste is excellent in trying to strengthen enamel. Hot water rinse with salt water helps with dryness. Make sure to use a dry mouth relief mouth wash. Other good toothpastes from dentists come from brands like 3M. Take vitamin D supplements, as it helps with strengthening teeth and bones. Fish oil is always amazing. The most important thing is to floss, and please drink water all the time.

My teeth are doing a lot better now than they were some 10 years ago. I'll be 23 in a couple of days.  THIS. THIS. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD THIS. My teeth are far from what they should be. I'm only in my mid 20s but my mouth feels like it's 50. Please for the love of everything sacred, brush your bastard teeth  I feel you.

Not only does my usually "hate doing things" problem apply... but I have hypersensitivity too, and when I was a kid, minty toothpaste burned, but my parents forced me to brush my teeth with it anyway. So just the idea of brushing my teeth makes me very sad and miserable and maybe a little weepy.

And my teeth have gotten really bad. They were already bad when I was a kid.

I'm too uncoordinated to use dental floss normally (no matter how many dental assistants tried to show me how), but it became easy once I discovered floss picks. Alas, I feel bad for adding all those little pieces of plastic to landfills. Is there a reusable version?! I’ve got braces and did fairly well at taking care of them. However, I’ve fallen off the wagon between appointments and it’s so hard to get back on. I never thought this was due to my ADHD. I just thought it had to do with my mild depression.  Pro Tip: get an electric toothbrush with a timer. This post made me get out of bed to brush my teeth.  I was always like that with washing my face, I have oily skin so I need to do it. What I did was finding things to make personal hygiene extremely plesent. How I do that is lissioning to music and getting products that feel/smell good. I just realized that I haven't brushed my teeth since Sunday. Now I realized that I haven't showered since Monday. Well fuck.    
   
Edit: I brushed my teeth today. Should I brush my teeth even if they're not fucking? I feel like the rule I was taught is "two times a day", not every time my mouth has sex. My solution to this is just to brush my teeth in the shower. I have two toothpastes and two toothbrushes. One set for the shower in the evening and one set for the morning brush at the sink  I pack a toothbrush, deodorant, vitamins, and tampons in my work bag all the time in case I forget. I usually forget to brush or don't make time for it at home. I'm always paranoid about having bad breath though. I never used to floss either (because I forgot) until I got a waterpik. It's super fast and I do it a few times a week now as opposed to never  Jeez, I've always struggled with this my entire life, makes me feel like vermin. 

Gonna go do em now, before I forget.  It's hard I agree. What I did was when I go to the bathroom to pee just before bed I started brushing my teeth. It's hard to start but once you make it part of your daily routine it gets a lot easier.  Toothbrush and toothpaste in the shower. Life changer. Okay so this is super embarrassing... but my mum literally slipped a 'BRUSH YOUR TEETH' note under my door this morning. Now I usually do brush them once a day but for some fucked up reason, it doesn't seem to be a priority IF AND ONLY IF I'm not leaving the house, so I'll brush them at super inconsistent times during the day. But sometimes I straight out forget.

Anyway thanks for ANOTHER reminder, I did brush my teeth today LMAO. God that note is a bit embarrassing to admit. I'm literally 2 years old, lol. 

But hey at least the dentist said my teeth are great by some amazing fucking miracle ?!?! Ugh same. Only just realised all the stupid shit I do is ADHD, the more stories I hear about it on here the more I relate!  > no plague (yet I guess)

Yeah, the Black Death tends to ruin my mornings, too. Wait, you spend up to 2 HOURS in the shower??? Dude what is your water bill like?? [deleted] getting a new toothbrush usually helps me, ‘cause I’m so excited about using a new one. wears off after a week though...
i’ve decided i’m just not an evening brusher.

also: i ALWAYS only think about deodorant when i’m already dressed. darnit! Thanks yo, almost forgot It's kind of embarrassing but because I'm so bad at time management and I'm so tired in the morning I often have to skip showering even though It's really starting to show, just so I can get to school on time. I wake up at 6am and have until 7:30pm to get to the bus and yet I still feel like I don't have enough time to shower and do everything else. I also regularly forget to brush my teeth...  Omg please stop taking 2 hour showers.... PLEASE. That is an insane waste of a precious resource. There are literally going to be wars over water in the near future. Try to conserve by setting an alarm while you shower. Or play some tunes... I get that it's easy to zone off in there... but after like 10 songs.... it's time to get out! ... that's my trick.

Ps awesome job on being more aware of personal hygene.... my hyper focus has the opposite effect. I can spend like 15 minutes a day brushing and flossing... then i wonder why my teeth hurt... and why I'm behind schedule ... oh well.  Fuck. I knew I forgot something. I've carried mini deodorant, a hairbrush, and gum for as long as I can remember. Before I knew about ADHD I used to stress and think "Nobody else has this problem of extreme stress because they forgot their emergency hygiene kit and they also forgot to do any of it before they left the house, WTF is wrong with me?" [deleted] Same I have every single toiletry I use at home also at work. There’s no way I could survive without it.  If you looked in my car or handbag, you'd assume I was a damn nomad.

My solution to forgetfulness is generally to just have everything with me all the time.

I have excellent hygiene, though! I usually put on the deodorant I keep in my purse as soon as I get to the office in the morning, just in case I forgot when I got dressed. wow that's a great idea! so when i forget to brush my teeth in the morning i can do it during the day. thanks for the suggestion! I started buying travel deodorant to keep in my car. I think I've given up on even trying to remember that one 1. Build small routines into a bigger routine. Do everyday tasks in the same order at the same time, even on weekends and holidays. 

2. Never assume that just because she's done it on her own a few times that the routine is solid, it's not.

3. You will need to remind her a lot, and she will hate it, so be gentle with her and try to substitute apps and such for some of the nagging. 

4. Praise every small step forward. It may seem like just brushing your teeth doesn't warrant a reward but without tangible rewards (like your approval) she will slip. 

Regarding the last point I will give you a quote from Elementary: "... [It's] like a leaking faucet that requires constant maintenance and in return offers only not to drip." That's what routine is for an ADHD person. My best advice (god I wish this wasn't from personal experience) is that her routines are wet tissue paper. You can get going and make a habit of it, but I find that if I miss one day of something that I've been doing every day for weeks... wether it's the gym, brushing my teeth in the morning, taking my medication, ANYTHING... my second day will be missed as well unless I make a conscious effort to do it. 

Side note: 

Commitments based on "number per time period" things like "going to the gym 5 days a week" are bullshit. Commitments that are inflexible and definite like "going to the gym monday, wednesday, friday, saturday, and sunday" are not. 

For the reason I just listed above, if the days are flexible, that wet tissue paper might as well not even be there. Yes, praise and not shame / berating is good advice imo.

Making the bathroom a "fun" place (with music etc) or maybe also stickers (do children still like stickers?) for "good" behaviour might be a good idea as well.


Also, maintain the routine. Remind her, maybe have an automatic alarm for when the nighttime routine begins? (and only "nag" if she doesn't do it when she hears the alarm?) Or maybe some computer or story time afterwards (on a warm screen...)?


Ehm... What else...?

Idk. I can obviously just speak for myself. But if my routine gets disrupted I tend to fail. This morning I had to do some stuff in the kitchen right after getting up.

Whereas I usually tend to get up, have breakfast, brush my teeth and then do whatever I have to do (uni, work etc).

Which meant that I didn't really have breakfast. But because I snacked at 11 / was hungry at 11 I didn't have lunch. Or a "real" supper. And didn't brush my teeth in the morning.


I'm rambling, I'm super scatterbrained this evening.

Anyhow.

You can do this! ADHD is manageable. 

Which is imo one of the advantages of this diagnosis. Model for her. 

Model every habit for her. 

"Daughter, come help me make my bed. Okay now lets make yours."

"Daughter, come floss your teeth with me."

"Daughter, it's time for me to do my daily stretches. Come stretch with me."

Make the behavior normal. Eventually she'll be able to do these things without you at her side. 1 What I do now is basically have the toothbrush and toothpaste in sight. So that I’m the shower I am visually reminded to brush my teeth. And since it’s convenient. 

2. What I suggest that you do, each time she leaves the bathroom (morning/evening) after bath/shower, ask if she brushed her teeth. It’ll be a reminder. 

If you doubt it, ie she could lie to get away from a tedious task, ask her to blow some air so that you can smell the truth. Ask her everyday for as long as you can, that way it’ll be imbedded in her routine. 

It won’t be much of a deal if she starts early too! 

3. Any other hygiene task: Have it in my line of sight before I leave the bathroom/bedroom. 

Eg. I have deodorant right next to my mirror next to my bed as well as my perfume and hair brush for my fabulous fringe. Or I have earbuds (relatively) close to the sink and somewhere VISIBLE for my brain to see. 

When I leave the dedicated room where the stuff is, I am reluctant to make the effort to go back the few steps and do it My recommendation is to keep trying, and if something isn't working, try something different. Keep an open mind.

My mom tried to have me follow her routines, and I struggled with those. It worked, but it took a huge amount of effort, and she couldn't understand why it was so difficult for me.

Imagine that mental effort is a limited resource, and you receive 100 "effort points" per day. You can spend effort points to do complete a task, but when you're out of points, no amount of cajoling, begging, or pleading will lead to additional productivity.

Some people have a goal to increase the number of effort points they have. I have found much better success in trying to be efficient with the points that I have.

So, let's say I follow my mother's morning routine exactly. I can do it, but it will cost me 30 points. I will be fighting against myself the whole way through, and it's a struggle to maintain a "high-cost" habit. And it leave me exhausted for the next task.

With alterations, I found a way to do the same tasks for only 5 points. This is much more likely to be successful and sustainable. I still do this routine 20 years later. There are some nontraditional bits, like I brush my teeth in the shower. Remembering to brush my teeth pre-shower costs points. Brushing my teeth while taking a shower is "free": it's easy for me to remember and takes minimal effort. Why is it so much easier? Who knows. If it works, it works. ADHD is not always logical. Sometimes your daughter won't be able to explain why something works, or why something doesn't work. When it is clearly not working, try to find an alternative. Sometimes that alternative is silly. Great. If it's stupid and it works, then it's not stupid.

You can try to fight against ADHD tendencies, but it will always be a fight. Find a way to go with the flow, but gently direct the flow in a better direction, and life will be much more pleasant.

It also helps to look at all tasks that cost "points" and see if they are truly required. That's where an open mind is handy. If there are some very high-point tasks that she is fighting back against, see if you can do something to mitigate those, and that will leave her with more points to spend on school and homework. Help her prioritize where to spend her points. If those high-point tasks must be done, try to do them earlier in the day when she still has points available. Make it fun maybe.  As a kid I didn't LIKE brushing my teeth.  For whatever reason.  So make sure she likes her tooth brush.  Make sure she likes her tooth paste.  Make it as easy as possible.  I didn't even start doing it religiously until college because of dating.  

I do it right away when I wake up now before I get sidetracked with morning stuff (I also sorta need to because my mouth gets so dry at night, especially in the winter, so brushing helps bring it back to life). 

Also reward it as much as possible.  We don't get the same satisfaction, so we need external motivation a lot more.  Maybe writing down schedules/making lists could help.
 
As she gets older she needs to be independent. But having to remember the steps and organising her thoughts and things can be overwhelming. If she has a plan written out with steps she can refer to that to remind her :)

Find an easy way to organize the lists/schedules. Have the hygiene schedule in the bathroom cabinet and maybe a room organisation list in her bedroom where she can easily find them.  Get a digital piggy bank. For every time she completes her morning routine, put a quarter in the bank. The digital bank keeps track of how much is in there. Once it reaches a predetermined amount, give her the option of rolling it over into the next week or she gets to spend it on something of her choice. Digital banks are great because you can really see how quickly it adds up. It’s exciting! Regular banks may as well be on the moon if I don’t know what’s in there. An electric toothbrush is great — it has the two minute timer so you always know you’ve done it long enough.

Also more frequent visits to the dentist for thorough cleanings could be good (if you can afford them) In addition, read "The Power of Habit" by Charles Duhigg.  Understanding how habits work, how to form and how to break them will help a lot in teaching her. Also be exceedingly patient.  It will take orders of magnitude more time for her to get into the groove because she will be easily distracted. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJlBq1ldcCc You might want to look into the app brilli, which is a scheduling app created for parents with their children who have adhd. Make it a routine for yourself. Brush your teeth every night and make sure she does it too. I'm a guy but I can imagine..

When she gets to that age, try to make sure she always has an emergency tampon or pad in her bag. I can't imagine the horror of not being prepared for that. If I were a female, I would absolutely forget something so important. It has helped me to keep everything in one place. If you have a big family or share a bathroom this can be an inconvenience for others but it will help her immensely.  In my opinion don't give medication until high school age if necessary, that shit messed me up (pm me for more info), but other than that I think these other ADHDr's gotcha covered Why do we take such long showers?!!! So god damn relatable... I have a toothbrush and toothpaste set in the shower! Because when I get out I’m rushing so bad if I don’t brush before or during I’ll forget. And I won’t brush before because that is going to take too long and I’m trying to concentrate on what I need to do before I leave the house so I need to just get in the shower before I get distracted. 
So shower toothbrush and paste :) 

Edit: and set at work for when you are late and don’t shower 👍🏼 Me too, on both counts. How do you tell people “my New Years resolution is to brush every day?” Most people manage to do it *twice* a day without a second thought!

I’m so grateful for this sub to remind me I’m not the only one who struggles with this! I actually have told people. I am a Beaver (youngest Scouts section) Leader, and we made a Promise Tree in January. Each kid colored in a leaf and wrote their promise/goal/resolution on it. I added mine "I promise to do my best to brush my teeth twice every day". There have been SO many times that I have got into bed, all comfy like, and gone "Ah shit, I haven't brushed my teeth," then "... It's fine I'll do it tomorrow it doesn't matter." "........UGH What kind of person am I if I don't keep my promise? I remembered so I have to do it. I'm gonna be a good example to the kiddos, I need to do this." Then I drag myself out of bed, slip to the bathroom and get on with it. Then go to bed feeling better about myself knowing I'm doing good for me and keeping my promise.

If I had just made the resolution myself I wouldn't be even a tenth as motivated to get out of bed and actually fucking do it.

Speaking of... Time to go brush my teeth -, morning edition. You can brush every day for years and your teeth might not turn white. Fortunately there are cheap and safe options on Amazon for like $10. little dog will live longer for it too you brush dogs teeth? I thought they ate bones for that well good thing I dont have pets. I read this as "so as someone who has a dad with adhd" and I got confused when you said your dad talks about a cool minecraft video he watched last year haha Yes, especially when I’m already warm and comfy in bed and think TEETH! *fuuuuuuck* This is my distraction before bed. It's almost 3am...I'm honestly still not sure if I'm going to brush my teeth... What do you use to trim your balls? Jc It took me years but I finally got the habit down.  My next goal is to remember to floss daily. 

I have to get a root canal next week from my lack of flossing. Sucks ass God this is so me. I’ve even tried setting alarms on my phone and that worked for a while, and now I’ve started ignoring the alarms. What a *darn* shame..
***
^^Darn ^^Counter: ^^65330 YES! Truth Gum erosion here.  My dentist told me "keep chewing gum!" As a solution, especially after meals.   
   My dentist noticed I had dry mouth and said I should look into biotene mouthwash and gave me a small sample. It's alcohol free so it doesn't give me any sensory problems. I just looked on their site and they have a portable spray and also toothpaste. Highly recommended! At the risk of enabling you... daily showers are completely unnecessary unless your profusely sweating or playing in mud. Haha as far as I know I have water from the mains, and we pay a fixed amount per month for water bills. But yeah, that was the longest I ever was in a shower  more modern places are moving away from water tanks for heating. My trick that I've learned is to tie it to showering... I always brush and floss in the shower. And since I do shower everyday as its relaxing, I also have the habit of brushing and flossing yeah you're one of the lucky ones I would put mouthwash there for exactly that reason then see it and be like, “What the fuck is mouthwash doing in my car door?” I thought about this, but my shower seems really gross so it seems like a bad idea to store the toothbrush there. You type really well for a two-year-old! :-D We lack dopamine. It’s released when you accomplish something, it’s a way your brain rewards you for what you’ve done. With adhd, it’s impaired. 

Maybe put it into a race. Who ever finishes brushing first and then rinsing with lysterine wins. Then it into a game where he can physically experience the reward. That’s at least what my mom used to do.  What a *darn* shame..
***
^^Darn ^^Counter: ^^460915 Hey, that’s my catchphrase! Along with “what was I going to do?” and “where’s my phone?” Riiight? 😂😂🤦‍♀️ I use a Chrome messenger bag as my daily purse. I've got Ipsy makeup bags in there for organization. One has any and all meds I take, even allergy and ibuprofen. One has makeup touch ups and hygiene items. One has my phone chargers. I keep a full size bug spray and sunscreen, plus deodorant. It's saved me so many forgetful times. Hell, it's saved friends too. A lot to lug around but little bags keep everything so neat and easy to locate. One time I legit forgot to put on pants. I was still wearing my pajama pants.

Thankfully they look a lot like sweatpants. Will I think our meds (if you take any) cause us or at least myself to sweat like a fiend. Reasons I'm glad bolder brows are in?  Way less plucking.  Bam.
I just use a brow mascara. 👌 When I was a teenager my mom would point out my teeth in exasperation every single time: "YOU DIDN'T BRUSH YOUR TEETH!!" Like I did it on purpose or something... on some occasions she would literally turn the vehicle around.  

...This is the real driving force behind why I carry a little kit with me.  I can still hear her horrified shriek every time I realize I've forgotten. 

Which is way too often. I would add to allow her to set the order in which she wants to complete the steps/task. Bracket the task with a time frame like, “It’s 8a. You have until 8:30 to get dressed, wash up, brush teeth and be ready for breakfast.” Set a timer to ding every 5-10 minutes so she can feel the time passing. Even if she ends up doing it all in the last 5 minutes, it gets done. It’s sort of like a game. She’s racing the clock, not getting into a power struggle with you. If you ever have a schedule conflict with a routine, do the action EARLY, don't push it back. When I was in high school, I found it a lot easier to get through my classes when my schedule was the same every single day.  In college, having classes on the same day every week helped a bit, because my weekly routine wasn't disrupted as much, but it wasn't as good as doing the same thing every day. The times I had the most trouble were when my school schedule was in 2 day, 4 day or 6 day cycles. Yes! Flexible commitments are going to be the death of me! I absolutely hate it, and I know it's true. As someone with ADHD as well....I used to fucking love stickers! Best way to get me to do something if i knew i was working towards something.  Having things in sight cannot be overstated!

I will be in the shower, realize that I'm just about out of shampoo, and repeat to myself that I need to buy more. As soon as I move on to the next task, even a few seconds later, I've completely forgotten about the shampoo, and won't remember until I get in the shower next time and repeat the process. In situations like this, I literally have to toss the shampoo bottle over into the sink, so I see it when I'm done. Then, I might even have to set the bottle in front of the door, because if I move it to use the sink, I'll forget about it again. *If it's stupid and it works, then it's not stupid.*

Yep. Don’t waste effort trying to conform. It’s really painful. I don’t do things sequentially. Drove my career military man dad crazy. It always looked to him like I wasn’t doing what he asked me to do because I sometimes start things in the middle or do half of this then half of that then come back and finish the other half of this. As I grew up, he became my biggest champion of “Let her do it her way. She’ll get it done.” I found brushing before bed actually helped reduce the nasty dry mouth feeling in the morning.  Plus, I really like that smooth feeling of my teeth and the slightly minty flavour of my toothpaste (I use Sensodyne because it doesn't have an overpowering taste, unlike others). However, I have to take medications before bed which can induce some terrible dry mouth while I sleep, and my dentist warned me that the dry mouth would make for more cavities. Since dry mouth is at its worst at night, I have to do it every day. Yes, posting checklists (or maybe she can put stickers when she completes it) in highly visible places where she's supposed to do the activity. Then you can just remind her to check the list, and then follow up if she did everything instead of having to tell her every little thing. I have these lists all over my house and it saves me so much stress (it's for myself, and I'm middle aged).  I seem to recall reading somewhere that there was a study which found some people who had ADHD as a child and who were medicated would sometimes no longer have symptoms as adults. If there was a larger study which supported this, then it would be a bad idea to go unmedicated as a child unless you needed to. My reasons, which are both somewhat ADHD-related:

* it's basically the same idea as stimming/fidgeting/meditating

* poor executive function in terms of task switching and initiation, so it's hard to start showering in the first place, but once we're in there, it's hard to stop

* start daydreaming and lose track of time I play music in the shower so I can keep track of time. 4 songs in and I realize I need to get out or I’ll be late for school.  I actually don't! I seem to max out at 15 minutes. Once in a while I'll be longer, but that usually means I'm shaving my legs (rare) or lying down in the tub and crying about something.  Exactly! 
And, akin to mental illness, a lot has been romanticised. When you forget to eat that’s adhd quirkiness, or depression romance- but even if you manage to use mouthwash and it affects no one else, this would be considered gross. 
 Wow! Thank you for saying this ❤️ I’m glad it’s working  Are they safe? I’ve not seen any recommended by dentists 😬 You don't have to, but it's recommended. I try to remember, but I have enough trouble with my own teeth... A ladies bikini trimmer electric razor. Super gentle, has a plastic cover, no problem no risk of injury, takes 2 mins  Thanks for the wake up call. My dentist has been telling me to floss more every visit for my whole life. I get into for a week or so than forget about it for two or three weeks before getting back into it...for a week. That’s what I assume would happen if I tried that I would still find a reason to not be able to Long shot, but your name wouldn't happen to be a reference to Titan's Curse, would it? ("Apollo's hot." "he's the sun God" "that's not what I meant")  Bad bot I have read that taking a shower every other day is best for skin, hair, et cetera. The dichotomy of failing to shower regularly but also being obsessed with beauty products as a coping mechanism is a strange one. Ah, true, could be tankless heater. I also forget to shower. Or procrastinate on showering bc it takes so long and I have so many other things to do. And then all of a sudden it’s midnight and I need to sleep so odd how luck works. It's like your teeth are strong as fuck fam, your brain? Fuck nah Yea I did that at first but after I got used to seeing it there, it wasn't a problem anymore. I don't have a gf and rarely have passengers in my car so it's not something I worry about. Hahaha what can I say, I’m quite a precocious 2 year old. Lol when I saw this comment, I didn’t know what it was in response to so I thought, ‘wtf who is calling me a 2 year old’  These are mine too! Also:
“Why did I come in here again?"
"Have you seen my glasses?"
"Uhh, what was I doing?" “What was I saying?” 
“Now what was the point I was trying to make”
“What movie is this again?” Omg, I do the exact same thing, down to the Ipsy bags. I have mini bags for all the items you listed, plus one with crystal light caffeine packets and instant coffee. Life saver.  Same :)!
My cousins used to get stickers for sleeping through the night / not needing to sleep in their parents' bed.

I however pretty much always slept through the night. (it might take some time to fall asleep but when I'm tired enough to fall asleep...? I'm conked out. And as a kid I was always absolutely exhausted in the evening....)

Anyhow. I was sooo jealous!! 
I wanted stickers as well.

I think I ultimately managed to convince my mother that it was unfair to "punish" me for being such a good sleeper.

I must still have my old sticker book somewhere ;D
 My mouth gets so much drier in the winter (naturally), but I definitely haven't found that brushing before bed helps, annoyingly.  I've heard that people grew out of symptoms over time but never heard it was because of medication, please link it and I'll gladly read it If it were up to me and I had a magical endless supply of free hot water, I could spend HOURS in there the way I could easily spend 15 minutes without realizing.

If I didn't listen to music and count the songs when I showered, I'd have no idea how long I was in there. 

Once in a while I'll take a shower at night while pretty stoned...who knows how long I'm in for. Even with the music lol.

edit: my roommates know...and they aren't happy lol Yep.  For me it’s also a kind of sensory deprivation. Turns my brain off. [deleted] The kind that is used by the dentist is Carbamide Peroxide. My dentist recommended using 35% CP gel, which I bought on Amazon. I haven't noticed any negative effects from it really, except for slight sensitivity for a couple hours after using it. You can also use the whitening strips with hydrogen peroxide which give a more even look.

https://www.webmd.com/oral-health/teeth-whitening *Darn it* Apolloshot, I am not a bad *darn* bot... :c *Beep boop*, I am actually a marvelous bot.
***
^^Darn ^^Counter: ^^416617 Same. Mega procrastinator. I shower about every three days so if I'm lucky Purell and buttwipes are life savers when you forget to shower. Purell for feet and armpit funk, buttwipes for genitals and butt crack. Ahahaha. :-D Don’t forget the classic “Sorry I’m late”. I think I just want to get that tattooed on my hand like a wrist watch so I can eternally apologize in advance. Get yourself a humidifier for your bedroom.  Trust me, your skin and hair (not to mention your mouth) will thank you.  I run a humidifier every night during the winter months (which in Canada, feels like half the year) and that helps tremendously.

There are some dry mouth sprays and sugar-free water flavourings which can help too.  I've found that any of those water flavourings which use stevia as its sweetening agent works very well in reducing the dry mouth problem. Not bad for a tiny bit of powder from the leaves of a plant. I remember reading something similar too, but it seems whatever study that was was wrong. I've been doing some digging and discovered the following:

* There's no difference in the rate of adult ADHD between people medicated with stimulants as children and people who weren't
* Men medicated with stimulants as children are on average 2cm shorter than those who weren't.

[Here's a study (March 2017)](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/jcpp.12684/full)

[Here's a news article summarizing it](https://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/877438#vp_1) I tried to find it, but I'm not having any luck.  I'm 90% sure it was referenced on Science News, but it could have also come from the Quirks and Quarks radio show.

The only other evidence I have is anecdotal. My youngest brother was diagnosed in grade 1, and was medicated well into his teens. He no longer takes medication, and everything seems to indicate he's functioning normally. However, I can't be 100% be sure that's the case because I haven't lived under the same roof with him for 17 years. He could have some amazing coping skills or his fiancée compensates for his shortcomings. Wow I've found my people. I would spend the rest of my life in the shower if I could. Not if you used to take 30+ minute ones as a kid I did say "max out". I shower before I go to bed so I'm also unwinding from the day on top of doing my things. I could spend 30 minutes in a shower easy  Thank you so much!  Sigh. Fine. Good bot. Awesome, thank you for this. It really is a sort of meditative state. I can 'shut off', I can entertain ideas, I can just be. It's so pleasant and stimulating that it turns the volume down on my thoughts. I give anything that can do that heavy praise. Thank you,  Apolloshot. *Beep boop*, my creator thinks I am a good *darn* bot too :)
***
^^Darn ^^Counter: ^^416622 