"Now where was I?" How often to you find yourself using that phrase? What are some good methods you've found to avoid losing your train of thought when interrupted?  "What was I talking about" is mine as the oblivion is more complete; I don't forget what step I'm on but what staircase.

Being interrupted hence tends to thoroughly derail it. Which is irritating, but since I'm such a horrible interruptor myself (my one Impulsive symptom) I'm careful to forgive it. Instead of listening I often fruitlessly try to figure out what I'd been talking about, though, so I probably come across as rude anyway.

Another phrase I often say aloud is "Where was I going and why?" since I tend to forget my purpose going into a new room. I don't have any advice for not losing your train of thought when interrupted, but for getting back on track I try to work backwords in my mind. 

It's incredibly hard to say how to do it, I only seem to know how to do it in the moment that it happens, I can't even describe how I do it. 

I guess in much the same way as a piece of a thought is a jump-point for me that leads to another train of thought or idea, if I trace backwards through my thoughts, I can usually find that jump-point and jump backwards to the previous thought. 

Eh...does that make any sense? I say that often and sometimes it is because my own thoughts interrupted me. I also work to actually encourage people to interrupt me. I also work to not care if I lose a thought and just let it go and move on. I figure if I am talking too much (which happens often) it is a way for others to be heard.  "Wait what was I doing?"

I kid you not there will be times where I'll decide to grab something from the kitchen and once I get to the kitchen I forgot what I was doing. This happens fairly often.  CONSTANTLY. Though, it's been much better since I've started meds. Before - and this was exponentially worse if I was sleepy or stressed - I would get stuck in a whirlpool of "Now WHAT was I trying to do? WHAT am I in the middle of trying to say?!" It's frustrated me to tears. 

I'm a pretty mild interrupter myself, especially for an ADHDer - so that, rudeness and the fact that I WILL lose my train of thought if someone interrupts me is like, my-hair-is-on-fire infuriating. That's a really time and energy consuming process for me. Like, when I've been pulled out of a flow state, remembering where I was is an activity which drains me so that I need a small break before I actually get started on what I was doing again.  