HELP! About to lose my insurance and Adderall. What do I do? I’m in a panic over this. It’s only been a few months since getting diagnosed with ADHD and starting Adderall, and it’s been life changing. I finally feel like everything is on the right track. 
But I’m about to lose my insurance, and will likely have to go on Medicaid, which none of my current doctors take. I’m so scared I’m going to lose all the progress I’ve made when I lose my insurance in December and I don’t know what to do. 
I’m a grad student, but the student health center has a very strict policy and won’t prescribe any ADHD meds so that’s not an option. I’m in New York City, and the process of finding a psychiatrist who would take my old insurance and not charge me a fortune was hard enough (many here are strictly out of network only for the rich). I can’t imagine what the waitlists must be like for psychiatrists who take Medicaid. Would it be easier or harder to try and see a GP?
Anyone been through this, and any advice on what to do?  Tell your prescribing doctor that this is going to happen soon, maybe they can write a letter of medical necessity just in case there's an issue in the future where insurance won't cover it and they want a doctor to give their written documentation. That should also be enough to convince any gp or PCP that you should have it, if they aren't comfortable prescribing it themselves. This might be overkill but ya never know! A gp should be just fine if adderall is the only medication you're taking Hi, I've been going through something similar. It's taken over a month to get back on track. My advice: Get a copy of your records so you can give them directly to your new doctor and explain the situation to your current doctor so they can advocate for you if you run into any pushback from your new doctor. Some GPs are cool with prescribing adhd meds, while others are not and will refer you to a psychiatrist. Not sure if NY does this, but you might need to pass a UA as part of the process if they're strict. Good luck! Get this done before you are out of meds! I made this mistake lol. If you have an option to get your meds filled via mail order, ask your doctor to write a script for you that way- s/he can write it so that you get three months worth of medicine at once. Also download the GoodRX app- it gives GREAT discounts on basically all medications, shows you where in your area they’re offered, and virtually all pharmacies honor it. Good luck! My GP used to prescribe it for me.  Same situation. I lost mine the week of finals last summer and coincidentally when my bottle ran out. I took it for 3 months and then I had to just stop taking it. I haven’t taken it since then because I didn’t have insurance. Now I have insurance but it’s not too great and now I’ve called 10 different offices only to be told they a. Don’t take my insurance anymore b. Not accepting new patients c. Next appointment is sometime next year. All the other ones have 1-2 star reviews and some pretty bad reviews. It sucks, you know what’s wrong but then you can’t even do anything with it. Let me know how it goes with your GP, I might try that route instead. Thanks for the advice! It was just such a long and hard battle to get diagnosed and get medication in the first place. Hopefully it’ll be easier to convince the second doctor. Yeah my GP does my refills too. I don’t even have a psych right now lol Thanks for the advice. I’m sorry you had to go through that! I second the GoodRx app. When I was paying cash for adderall, it’s the only way I could make it affordable. You can’t write more than 30 days at once in New York 😔 Thanks! Did your GP diagnose you? What kind of documentation did they need? I pointed out how much it changed my life for the better to my GP.

He knew about my depression, hospital stays, etc. 

I told him how I was doing well in school, doing errands, being productive, and it felt like Cinderella and without it I'm going to be a pumpkin again. 

He might have prescribed me just to get me to stop crying, but either way, I still got it.  Well that’s just the worst. 🤬 Just give them a copy of your diagnostic report (or let them copy the original), and have your current doctor send your new doctor your treatment history. That should be all they need. Do as nerdshark recommends. My GP originally sent me to be evaluated before beginning medication but I’ve since moved on to a psychiatrist for other related issues. So the practice I went to has had a ridiculous turnover rate this year. 4 different ones since February. All of them had understood that I’d been taking it for 8 years. It’s not much of an issue for them because I had been on the same one, same dosage, and they understood going to a psychiatrist is expensive and can be difficult. 

It helped I had a licensed counselor who I saw regularly. Both had the other’s information so if they needed to consult or talk they knew who to speak with. The counselor count prescribe the medications but provided the non-medicinal aspect of dealing with it as well as gauging the effectiveness of the medication. 

Getting appointments with licensed counselors is not difficult. And bringing  records that show that it’s not new and the issues with it getting continued. Most GP’s are going to understand and work with you. 