How do you not forget to write in your planner and get stuff done? So I bought this beautiful (and expensive) planner and it’s going to waste because I forget to write in it or just get super focused on something else. Lately I’ve been playing video games in bed the past two weeks. I start grad school soon and my life is messy and disorganized. I haven’t cleaned my room. I just don’t get stuff done.
I have the non hyper add and take 30 mg of instant release adderall in the morning and 10 mg in the afternoon  It needs to be on you at all times. Never set it down, or if it is have it open to today and write down stuff. If it's something that you need to remember more than 5 seconds from now, write it down. I habituate the manner of communication to link to the act of holding the planner, or in my case the phone. 

It's like setting up a "If this, then that (ITTT) program on your phone.

The mental trigger is that I should respond to the words 'appointment', 'meet', 'get together' etc. to 'I should ask for a second, pull out my planner/phone, and take this info down'.

It takes practice. For me, the main problem I had to get past was the idea that it was in anyway embarrassing or disorganized to ask for the second to get the planner/phone out to do this operation. 

I also had to stop making excuses, like "I'm having an ADHD moment', and change these to 'I value your time' or 'I don't want to miss out on this'. Too much information makes us stick out in the wrong way.

At home I have a white board beside my chair, and a larger monthly planner in the hall by the kitchen, to write down information as I get it over the phone.

The rest of your post sound pretty normal for the first time away in your life and welcome to college experience that many people (in general, never mind with ADHD) have.

Have you reached out to student accessibility service in your educational facility yet? If not do it as soon as possible. Tie it to other things. Crack it open when you make coffee, or take meds, or something that is already a habit.

Carry it around. In my case I need to constantly have a pen in it and should have my phone in the elastic when it's packed. It's a struggle. Leave it on the desk with you when on the computer. Set a Fitbit like vibrate alarm to do something.

How to ADHD has a few bullet journal videos. My phone's sound broke so [hopefully this is the right one](https://youtu.be/jkZEEQG6IVE). One has advice on how to use it. I suggest paper clipping some extra paper in the planner for more to dos.

Also remove the computer from your bed and set a timer for gaming and alarm for bedtime.  Get a desk if you need.

Shits fucking hard. My planner is by my side and open at all times. When I think of something I need to do I put it in the planner. 

It's been working pretty well so far.  I'm not quite medicated yet, picked up my first Strattera scrip yesterday but waiting until this weekend to take it. I don’t 🙃🙃🙃

It’s all futile for me. The only thing that works for me is setting 15 alarms on my phones for shit I need to do that day. 

The struggle is real.  I should look into stratterra. Do you have hyper adhd or adhd without the h haha.  I thought I was just inattentive but my evaluation came back combined. 