Eye contact makes me lose focus when trying to listen to someone talk Anytime someone is talking, I always hate eye contact, looking away would just seem weird and that I am not interested in the conversation so eye contact is a must 1on1. Eye contact always terrifies me and just makes me lose my train of thought and not process anything the other person is saying. I wish you didn't have to do eye contact in a convo omg when i try and make eye contact i won't listen to them because i am saying in my head "make eye contact" so i can't focus on anything else either. i literally have to make a conscious effort to do it  I lose focus because now I’m trying to figure out which eye to look at. Is this a thing relating to ADHD? Are you me? For some reason, it's really hard to keep my eyes still. So trying maintain eye contact (or look at any other one thing), literally takes all my concentration. There's no focus left for the conversation. I also have high functioning autism in addition to adhd but I've found that if I stare at their mouths it gives the appearance of eye contact yet I can focus on what they are saying more because their eyes are not draining my energy. It’s not just an ADHD thing. People can actually focus better on what they are listening to  by not looking at the person taking or even when they are talking and trying to explain something more complex or remember details. I feel like I even look up and into my brain sometimes to find the information🤣 I am a psychologist with ADHD inattentive. I’ve gotten used to looking down or away then the person is talking in order to be able to fully listen to what they have to say, and at the same time make occasional eye contact. I am not sure how weird are my clients finding this, but since my responses are always on point I guess they are happy.  I always make direct eye contact whenever I can, I think it might be more of a dominant thing though, I think it might be more secondary to adhd like maybe anxiety or low self confidence?  You arent alone. You can always tell when I deliver a hard truth...because I cannot bear eye contact while doing so. I experienced this until I did actor training - which was basically a year of staring into people's eyes. I guess practice makes perfect. While I get it, I always keep eye contact when the person is talking, even if I have to make them repeat themselves from time to time.

More out of politeness than anything else, since like you, what happens quite often is that I zone out and my brain is somewhere else, but I feel like I've become better at staying on top of it so it doesn't happen as often.

I have small things I do to "stay in the moment" like rubbing my hands, clenching my first or scratching my nose and a few others.

They kinda make me focus on the action, before my brain starts taking over the conversation.

However when I speak, I look almost everywhere else. Especially if it is something that is hard for me to put in to words, but that is pretty normal supposedly I just do it far more often.

It may seem weird that it is only the two of us and I'm "talking to the wall" and glancing at you.

But as long as they or anyone for that matter feel acknowledged that you listen, I have yet to meet anyone who doesn't let it slide and they usually just take it as a personal quirk. I'm the same way, though I'm also high functioning autistic. It's actually barely noticeable to most people. No one would guess I have these problems but I'm also very good at hiding it. I tend to look past people when talking to them and try and make occasional eye contact but I find if I'm worrying about trying to make eye contact then I'm definitely not paying attention to what someone is saying. This is why I am so good at my job. It involves a lot of contact over the phone. When talking to someone over the phone, I don't have to pick cues from their face, their body language. The only thing I have to dissect is the tone of their voice and the content of what they're actually talking about. No eye contact, not having to think "should I look away now, am I staring, do I look sideways, up or down? Can I tap my fingers/rock in my chair/swing my feet or will they think I'm stupid?" The person on the other end of the line cannot see me fiddling, making a silly-looking-when-focused face or focusing my eyes on something in the distance.  What I do is I look right above the eyes in the middle of the face cause you're not actually making eye contact but it looks like you are ahh seriously! I'm putting all my focus into how long I need to maintain eye contact without crossing the line of being creepy, and it feels like a lot of effort to just do that one thing Yeah I get uncomfortable unless it’s someone I’m dating. With other people I’ll think about making eye contact and just be aware of what I’m doing and then be thinking about that and wether or not I’m making contact then what they actually saying. I just have to try and force my focus back. I get super uncomfortable after extended eye contact. I wonder why that is. I too prefer to be looking around or starting at anything but eyes because eye contact is kind of distracting. Solution? Talk when doing stuff like walking, driving, playing game? Idk. right, stare at the boobs instead. 

"my eyes are up here" 

"i've made my decision" [removed] Story of my life! I have a thing for bum chins, or whateer the politically correct term is (cleaved chin?). It's so irrational, it makes no sense but I absolutely freakin love them, lol. So when talking to someone with a really pronounced butt chin it takes all my focus to look in their eyes instead lol.

(I have a lot of understanding for people who can't help but stare at women's tits lol) I dunno but lots of people talk bout it in this sub In Western society eye contact is usually made for a maximum of 3 seconds at a time, even during conversation. Most time is spent looking away, gesturing, nodding etc. most people really love making eye contact and have no issues focusing while doing so. in fact, it is reportedly distracting for them to get the opposite effect (someone not making eye contact) Yay a psychologist with ADHD, that’s awesome! Honestly half your clients are probably relieved by the lack of eye contact hahaha.

I also always listen better when I look away. It’s one of those controlled distraction things. Like I look at something else and then my brain focuses on the other thing and the person so it’s like I’m controlling the distraction. Eye contact is too much focus on the person, brain is bound to wander.  [This is perfectly normal and nothing to be worried about :)](https://digest.bps.org.uk/2016/07/07/psychologists-have-identified-the-length-of-eye-contact-that-people-find-most-comfortable/) Do u think it's an ADHD thing or social anxiety I think I have both Troll? [deleted] You might be right, whenever I speak to someone Asian (esp. Indian and Bengali people) they keep eye contact for long periods of time. Of course, it might be that I probably only met the outgoing ones :D Sadly I have no clue. I would ask for pics but I don't want to come across as a perv lol 

On a more serious note though, yay for your chin! It's a great facial feature and half the beauty lies in the way it's emphasised by lighting. Embrace it, man/woman! (not bi but I find it equally cute on both dudes and dudesses :)) 