I don't know what to do anymore... So my boyfriend has ADHD and I love him more than anything in the world, but lately I don't know how to deal with his mental illness anymore. And I know that sounds harsh and I hate that I have to say it like this because it hurts so much and I feel so bad but it is sadly the truth.

We have always gotten along very well. What most people think is annoying about him, never even bothered me in the slightest until recently. When we talk it feels like he isn't even listening to me because he'll lose focuse pretty quickly (way quicker than usually) and in the first months of us dating, it didn't even bother me because I even found it quirky and adorable that he suddenly changed the topic or just started blabbering some nonsense, but since about a month it turned out to be a struggle. I constantly have to remind him of even the tiniest things and he still forgets them or doesn't even listen in the first place. I know that he doesn't do it on purpose but I have to do everything alone. He takes no responsibility whatsoever. I pay the bills, I take care of the house, I get his mediaction for him and always take care of him. 

I tried to find a solution and suggested that I can just write him some notes, so he can read them whenever and remember to do at least some of it but he just got angry that I'm treating him like a child and I understand that. I felt bad and I apologized but I don't know what to do now. Neither of us can do anything against the initial problem but whenever I try to somehow manage things, he's not content and gets mad. I feel bad and even though I feel hurt by his actions, I end up consoling him cause he feels bad for messing up and it's so so so draining.

Perfect example is my birthday. We've known each other for 3 years and we're in a relationship since two years. He forgot about my birthday every single year until now. After our one year anniversary I bought him a calender to remember my birthday. He said he don't need it and I don't need to remind him ever again. The following year he forgot it again. I was obviously crushed and he felt bad and was mad at himself. The outcome: I was trying to make him feel better and not guilty even though I was deeply hurt at that moment. And then I get angry in situations like this because I feel not only entirely responsible for his well being but also don't allow myself to get angry at him or tell him that I'm sad because I don't want him to feel bad. It just can't go on like this anymore though. I bottle all my feelings up and I feel like I'll lash out any second. He doesn't want to go to therapy and I don't want to force him but it's not fair. I do everything to somehow manage our lifes and it feels like he thinks he doesn't have to do anything for us. I don't want to sound insensitive. I don't care what others think about him, I love him for who he is and I'd never leave him because of his ADHD but it seems like he doesn't even try to do better anymore and that is what's really breaking my heart. It really just feels like this though because it has become worse lately so Idk if he just stopped trying or if ADHD can become worse with time.

If there is anyone with relatives, partners or friends that have ADHD or have it themselves, please let me know if you have any advice what I can do to make things easier for us both. I don't want to lose him, he is the love of my life but the current situation is killing me. Any advice is welcome! How are you dealing with it? Am I overreacting and not understanding enough? It’s one thing to be understanding, but quite another to let your partner completely disregard your feelings as if it’s something he can’t help.  It seems to me like he’s just hiding behind his ADHD to avoid being a responsible adult. If you weren’t around how would he manage? Would he get his own pills? Would he pay the bills? I find it hard to believe that he’s not capable of those things. He probably can’t help that he gets distracted while you’re talking, that happens to me too, or that he zones out, but the rest sounds like BS.

Get a whiteboard and write down the chores for the week/month. Do this with him and have him choose what tasks he will take care of and what tasks you will take care of. Include due dates for each task. Set daily reminders on both your phone and his to “check the whiteboard,” this way he can’t say you’re treating him like a child because you’re setting the reminder for yourself as well. In the beginning I’d even set two reminders, one in the morning and one for mid afternoon/after work, just so he doesn’t read it and then forget during the day and use that as an excuse. Cross off each chore once it’s completed. 

If he refuses to work on things, then at a certain point you really have to ask yourself if this relationship is healthy for you. I struggle with my ADHD a fuckload, and I know it affects my partner, but I’m always trying to do better. Yeah I fail A LOT, but at least I’m always looking to do better- you deserve that too.  
With the housework, It sounds to me like he has got very used to you taking care of him and too reliant upon it. That’s neither of your fault, it is hard for us ADD folk to take care of ourselves and you naturally want to help him. I would pick your battles and stand your ground if I were you. My girlfriend does a lot around the house, but when she asks me to do something I know that I have to do it because there is no way she will cave in and do it. It might take me all week but I will eventually do it. Remember your boyfriend likely feels immensely guilty about the unbalanced workload, even if it seems like he doesn’t. Patience is key but if you cannot handle it that is completely understandable. I’m sure it is a lot of work. 

It might just be me, but I’m not sure the forgetting your birthday can be entirely blamed on ADD. Sure, I might forget to buy a present or post a card on time but I would never completely forget the birthday of someone very close to me. A grandparent or not particularly close friend, sure. But not my girlfriend. If I did I would feel sooooo awful I would do anything to make sure it didn’t happen again, I would accept any and all help to prevent it. I wouldn’t dismiss the calendar. But everyone is different and ADD manifests differently in everyone so I would take what I say with a pinch of salt. 

Good luck and remember that ultimately, your boyfriend is not your responsibility. You are (presumably) both adults and have a duty to take care of yourselves first. 

 Try and workout a time table of all the chores that need doing, I often just want to know what is and is expected of me in a cut and dry manner. Hi, internet friend!  I have a few thoughts as the ADHD person on the other side. I think the main point is that if it's not written down, it's gone.

(1) I also have problems with birthdays. I'll remember a month ahead of time, but it's not urgent, so I don't go buy a present or card at the time. I'll definitely do it the day before -- unless something comes up, and then I become the jerk. And only if I have a calendar reminder. Or four. And only if I know what I'm going to get.  So things that might help: 

(a) Lists. I know many people hate lists, but I'm not going to remember that she mentioned that one kitchen gadget that one time. I try now to write hints down when I get them. I wish she'd start her own list, like on a shared note taking app like Google Keep, so I could always go there and get ideas.

(b) Timely, explicit hints. I don't always get 'subtle'. Yes, that means I get emails from Tiffany's with a link to a pendant, but you know what? I actually do it!

(2) Bills. I'm the one that pays the bills.  I have a giant whiteboard, with a grid. Across the top is Months, down the side is Companies.  As long as I sit down once a month and look at the chart and cross it off as I do it, they get done.  But really, just automate the heck out of everything; I actually don't pay ANY bills by hand any more.

(3) Chores. Again, you just need a chart. Same whiteboard as bills (get a really big one!) or a different one. Apportion them together, assign some to a person (can he own "dishes", for instance?) or leave them to whoever, but you may want to check off who's doing what so you can argue about fairness by using facts instead of relying on memory.

I recently heard it said that an ADHD person will not do something for a reward or because it's important: it has to be either interesting, competitive, or urgent.  Work with those motivators.

But the punchline is that you'll have to externalize things, don't rely on his internal memory and motivation. Get him to use a calendar app, and set multiple reminders for every event. Make lists. Charts. Keep them somewhere visible and permanent -- hang them, don't put them down on a table where they'll get buried or lost.

Oh, and finally: is he medicated when he's with you, or does he only take it for work/school? He might need something he can take more often or that lasts longer.

Hope that helps! I think this has progressed last the point where either of you can blame his ADHD. If you're paying bills and taking care of him, and he can't even remember your birthday, he is definitely taking you for granted. This cannot be fixed by lists or alarms or calendars.

He has it good with you! You're the one who needs to get angry! You have a list of demands that haven't been met for 2 years running. I don't know what to say to you, because I honestly think the only solution in these cases is a breakup, and I know you don't want that. If he's acting like a child, and making excuses like a child, you're dating a man baby. 