People who forget their babies in cars. Have you ever seen the news stories about people who drive to work or wherever and forget their baby in the car?  The comments sections are always brutal and I am sitting there crying and thinking it could have been me.  During my first pregnancy, before I was diagnosed, I was so obsessed with worrying I would forget the baby in the car - no one in my life understood.  I came up with an elaborate system of putting things I would need around and in her car seat.  I actually drove to the park and ride twice with her but my system saved her.  I felt so much shame and so much grief over it.  Once shortly after my second child was born, I had to drive someone to the airport at 4am.  (I’m not sure who asks the mother of a newborn to drive them to the airport in the middle of the night, but maybe they just thought I’d be up anyway).  I took my baby too and stopped to get groceries on the way home.  Half way through my shopping, I looked at my list and saw diapers on it and remembered the baby was with me.  I left my cart in the middle of the diaper isle and raced to my car in a panic and she was happily sleeping in the back of my car with my wallet and phone on her little lap.  After that, I stopped driving my own baby anywhere unless my older child or another adult was with me.  I came up with a million excuses that I couldn’t go somewhere with the baby by myself.  I’ve still never told my husband or anyone else about this.  The grief goes deep and I bet I’m not alone.  

I’m not saying that all the people in the news who have done it have ADD - but I wouldn’t be surprised if at least some of them did.   
 I can't find the research, but historically one of the reasons cars don't come with "baby alarms" is that people thought it was stupid. There were even articles [on the web](https://gizmodo.com/5922076/if-you-need-to-be-reminded-your-baby-is-in-the-car-you-probably-shouldnt-have-kids) about how stupid it is to have a baby alarm.

However, it is a well known fact if a person disrupts their daily routine (for example, if a dad is going to work, but the mom can't take the baby to childcare as she usually does, so he does it) sometimes they get distracted and "forget."

Now, of course, there are plenty of options available for baby rear seat reminders, but just a few years ago, the public thought it was stupid.

I'm sorry I can't link to any research about this - it's just stuff I remember reading. My wife and I have been discussing methods of avoiding doing this, and we don't even have kids yet. The radio has been absolutely spamming the "where's baby" radio commercials and it's starting to drive us nuts.

The system I came up with is to take off my left shoe and put it in the backseat when driving the kid around once we reach that point. In my head, logic dictates that I'll realize that something is "fucky" the moment my socked foot hits asphalt. But knowing me, I could end up hobbling around the grocery store before I realize what's up. Fun fact my ‘17 Chevrolet Cruze has a “Rear seat reminder” for these types of situations.  I totally had a similar system, my purse always went in the back seat until my kids were old enough to talk. I never made it ALL the way to work with them but I had to turn around a few times. Always when my normal routine was interrupted. 

My embarrassing story is the time I drove my daughter two hours without her car seat straps buckled. It was when she was still in the infant carrier so I set her in while getting ready and never double checked that she was actually buckled. It only happened once but I still feel sick about it.  Sometimes I’ll amuse my friends with the story of how I took my two kids to a birthday party for my daughter’s friend, shortly after my son had begun crawling. There were a million people there, lots of noise and distraction, some Disney princesses showed up, and at some point in the party I remembered I had a second child. After a brief, panicked search, someone found him underneath the food table, hidden by a tablecloth, gnawing on a plastic sand toy. I had literally FORGOTTEN that I had two kids. 

The comforting part is that when I tell this story, everyone else immediately volunteers their own “I felt like the worst parent in the world” anecdote. They’re all good parents, and OP you sound like a committed and conscientious parent too. 

 People mistake the symptoms of ADHD with carelessness or recklessness, and they have no idea how much we do care or how much we try to do the right thing. People are fucking harsh. Seriously I am TERRIFIED of this happening to me when I have children. Every time I see it in the news I’m like, that is something I would do. 

That’s when a good system is needed, good on you for recognizing that and coming up with something.  I was actually talking to my MIL about this topic the other day. She is the type that insists she could NEVER forget her baby and that would never happen to her. That is the awful thing though. You don't have to be any type of person, all it takes is some change in your normal routine and you go into auto pilot and you just forget. I think believing something could never happen to you is dangerous and just gives a false sense of security. I think it could absolutely happen to anyone under the right circumstances. 

When I had my first I was also terrified of this. I also used to leave my purse in the back with him or I'd put the diaper bag in the front seat as a visual reminder. In fact, he is now 4 and I recently ran to the store with him while leaving my second at home with Dad, and I remember thinking about how my older son was so quiet in the back I could have easily forgotten he was back there. He would have screamed at me if I tried leaving without him of course, but my point is that changing something up makes it easy to forget.  

I truly feel awful for any parent that has lost their child in that way.  I did this once. My youngest son was around 4 months old and I was picking my older boy up from daycare. Nearly 100 degrees outside. At the time I was working full time and sleeping about as much as a dad with a 4 month old doesn't. I go into the office, chat with the staff for a minute or so, they all how the baby is doing, I respond with whatever was going on. Maybe a minute and a half goes by since I left the car while I'm chatting on, then I suddenly just stop, get a complete panicked look and run like hell back out the door.

Car hadn't had time to warm up yet. But still one of my all time stupidest parenting moments. Really could have gone badly in that heat. 

Kids are 6 and 8 now, and very much alive. Oldest has worse ADHD than me, and my youngest hates it when I repeat things. I live in interesting times. GOOD ON YOU. You're doing so brilliantly! You...  
a. Identified a problem/danger  
b. Came up with a system to avoid it (which worked for the most part!)  
c. Decided to just avoid the situation after a lapse  
d. Connected with others like you to talk about it

But you're dealing with a lot of guilt and shame. I hope that will ease, you don't deserve it--you're doing everything you can! Hugs, from one ADD/ADHD parent to another I have a habit of putting my phone in a dash mount the second I get in my car and I use Waze to get EVERYWHERE. Even if I know where I am going, I use Waze. I miss too many turns and exits thinking about stuff without it.  
  
About a year ago, they added a "precious cargo" reminder so when you reach your destination, it reminds you to check the back seat. This one of the many reasons I won't have kids. I forget to feed my dogs from time to time. I cannot handle a child. This is why I will never have kids. It's a job with incredible responsibilities, shit pay, poor benefits, and extreme consequences if you fuck up. Not worth it. I remember reading a Facebook comment on one of those heartbreaking stories from a woman who said "I could never forget my child in the car, it would be like forgetting my own leg!"

That only applies if your boss doesn't let you bring your leg to work, that your leg is taken care of by your spouse and parents and In-laws some days. That your leg normally spends 8-hours a day with a bunch of other legs. You leg has to be strapped into the back of the car, facing away from you, silent and completely covered by the leg-seat, which you keep in the car regularly, even after you've dropped it off at leg-care.

Total lack of imagination that actively works against practical, preventative measures being taken.

Oh, and amputees totally do forget their prosthetic legs, too, BTW. Yeah people are brutal in these situations. I can't imagine the grief and guilt of the parent, then the hate on top of that. I understand your fear and will have to create a system for myself whenever I have kids. Congrats to you for keeping them both alive!!  I haven’t done this yet - and hopefully since the kiddo is 2 now and never shuts up, I never will, but it has been a constant fear of mine. 

Whenever a story like this happens - or something goes around Facebook about keeping your phone or purse in the backseat with your child my friends and family comments are incredibly brutal. They obviously don’t understand how it feels to forget something you meant to do 3 seconds ago because you were distracted by a text message. I can absolutely see myself being sleep deprived and forgetting to go to daycare if my routine was changed and the kid was being quiet. 

Luckily for me, daycare is literally on my way to work (I have to pass it no matter where I need to stop on the  way in) and he talks non stop in the mornings. I have, on occasion, almost forgot to pick him up on the way home though!

I have forgotten to strap in him (realized when I looked back and saw him staring to climb out. Good thing we were still in the driveway), forgotten to bring a diaper bag, and once climbed into the drivers seat while wearing him in one of those baby carriers though. I was super confused when we didn’t fit right in the front seat.  I already panic thinking I forgot to shut the garage door some days because I don't remember if I did it or not. If you have waze, you can set it to remind you upon arriving at your destination to make sure you take your baby out of your cars.   Oh, god, I’m so sorry you’ve struggled with that. Sending lots of love and grace from one mama to another. I was lucky enough never to experience that with mine, but I had severe PPD, so my difficulties were more the opposite. Consider some counseling to find forgiveness for yourself if you have the resources. 💛 https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.fatherly.com/gear/gadgets-remind-parents-baby-left-in-hot-car/amp/

I’m 23 and nowhere near having a child but this has always been a fear of mine for when I have a kid so I found this article to help ease my future anxieties. Hope this helps someone! I did the same thing when my daughter was 3 weeks old. It’s funny because I am super paranoid and horrified by hot car deaths. Makes me feel sick just thinking about it. 

I was going to the store and was going to bring my older son, mind you that I never bring him in the evening because we only had one kiddo at the time and my husband would be off work. So instead I bring the baby. I am already on red  alert about leaving her because it’s not the norm. 

Whole drive to the store I’m telling myself, don’t forget her, this is how it happens, just don’t forget. Get to the store and someone steals my spot and I get pissed and my mind shifts. I found another spot and I hop out and go in. About 10 minutes in I realized I brought her and left her in the car. It’s June. Ran out and royally lost my shit.  She was crying but fine and luckily it wasn’t too hot.  I went home and told my husband amid sobs. The worst part is that the incident threw me into horrible postpartum depression that lasted the better part of a year. It was awful and I really hated myself for it. I think the worst one, for me, the worst worst one is someone that put their baby thing on top of the car and forgot it. The comments are brutal but I don't think anyone will ever be as brutal as the woman will be on herself. I can't stop crying when I see these articles either. I'm not even a parent. I know this is something I'm going to struggle with, I feel ashamed on their behalf, I can see myself in their place very easily. It could be me.

I'm planning ahead already, trying to think of solutions. The first is making a habit of only keeping the baby in fail-safe spots, so never set it somewhere that leaving it would be unsafe, ie never on top of the car. Keeping important things with the baby is another one. I'm contemplating a system where I determine how long it's going to take to drive somewhere and then setting a kitchen timer to go off at that time. A note on the steering wheel that says "REMEMBER THE BABY" or something.

I have a "wallet/phone/keys" patdown check every time I leave a room, I'm pretty well conditioned with that one. Maybe I should add "baby" do it. I don't even have a baby but if I start now maybe in five years I'll be well conditioned to check for the baby I don't even have yet

I get that this is super ridiculous, I'm getting anxious about problems I don't even have yet. But feeling proactive about it makes me feel better. Parenting is an emotional roller coaster. I used to call my husband right away and confess as soon as I did something wrong, which was usually something impulsive. I was terrified of becoming an abusive parent, so I made sure he knew everything so he could judge whether I'd lost my compass. I wasn't diagnosed until the kids were grown up, and an untreated ADHD parent with untreated ADHD kids is pretty chaotic.

I'm sorry you had to carry the guilt all this time with nobody to talk to. It really is hard to explain ADHD to anyone who doesn't have it. I'll give you some of the things we survived to give you some perspective, hoping it helps a little bit:

Playing with baby, lifted him up and hit his head on sharp end of low-hanging chandelier. Blood everywhere. Called 911, then hysterical call to husband. He showed up just as the paramedics got there, and they asked him "Are you the father?" He almost had a heart attack. Turned out to be just a scratch, and the baby was fine. Head wounds bleed a lot.

Toaster oven was on a chair because there was no other place to put it. I thought it was cool enough not to burn the kid, and I was too tired to jump up and stop him. He burned his hand. I felt like such a piece of shit.

Husband left a clip-on lamp on and it slipped and set the sofa on fire.

I left a pot of beans boiling on the stove and went across town to the grocery store. Suddenly remembered and called husband, who worked near home. House was full of smoke, but no damage yet, and the cat was ok, but not thrilled about it. 

I dropped a bowl of dry ingredients for oatmeal cookies on the floor. I didn't have any more, so I swept it up and used it. The recipe turned out too gooey for cookies, so I spread it in a pan like brownies. It was a huge it at the La Leche League meeting.

Hit the baby repeatedly on the back because he had a fistful of the skin on my neck and was twisting it, and I couldn't get him to let go. Still felt like a monster.

Son was jumping on my back while I was gardening and I couldn't get him to stop. He did it again so I threw him off onto the lawn and he cried. Still felt like a shithead. Why didn't I stop what I was doing and get him engaged in something else?

Shut myself and daughter in the car to get away from angry 4-year-old son. Dunno why I couldn't just put the baby down for a minute and deal with him. Poor executive function.

Lost son in grocery store. Lost son at playground. Let go of him for a second while loading groceries in the car and he took off. I couldn't catch him (my kids are wicked fast) and he ran out in front of a truck, which fortunately stopped in time. Started keeping him on a rope in public. Embarrassing as hell, but he's alive anyway. He just got married, BTW, and finally diagnosed.

At least you are aware that you could put your kids in harm's way and you're trying to avoid it. That's a good thing. I've been ridiculed as "overprotective" by people who don't have children. If you're trying to protect them from something that is extremely unlikely, sure, but I was trying to keep them from getting run over or drowning. Don't pay any attention to people that tell you to relax and not worry. Worrying sucks, but it's sometimes necessary.


 I was taking a college class on computer programming and was really struggling. I met with the teacher after class for a tutoring session. All of a sudden I was like “OMG! I forgot to pick up my daughter from preschool!” I totally forgot I had a kid. I got there and the teacher was sitting with my daughter. I was a half hour late. I was so embarrassed. My daughter said, “Mumma, why do you keep forgetting about me?” This was the second time I was late. I dropped the class the next day.  Generally speaking, I am very bad in taking care of everything including inanimate objects, let alone living beings. It seems like a lot of times its either that having the baby is so completely out of the ordinary that autopilot engages (which is more or less how I get through every day so I empathize), or extreme exhaustion on some level is at play. It's very rare that the "forgot their child in the car" thing was actual bad parenting or not caring about the kid.

A lot of people give sleep deprived moms flack for spacing about the child they rarely take to the grocery store with them, but comparatively little is said about all the pet owners who think its fine to actively and knowingly leave their dogs in the car in 90 degree heat... I know which group I would rather see get all that shit, and which I want people to have empathy for! When I was nannying (before I was diagnosed) I was terrified I would forget the baby in the car and had nightmares constantly about leaving the house having forgotten about the baby. Thankfully I never did but man did I come close. I understand it’s not negligence but you still feel so ashamed of it.

My daughter is 18 months and I have a rear seat mirror so I don’t forget her.  Back when I owned a small business I had my dog at work most days. I needed groceries and since it was too hot to leave her in a car I decided to leave her at my shop, get groceries and pick her up on the way home.  

At dusk I started wondering where she had run off to. Started driving around town in the dark desperately looking for her. Saw a Golden Retriever a mile from my shop and was overjoyed thinking I'd found her but it wasn't my dog.  

Then it hit me, she was still at my shop. When I got there I was shaking and crying so hard I could barely get the key in the lock. She bounced around, all happy to see me as though nothing was wrong. In her experience she was often home alone for 4+ hours so it really wasn't a big deal to her but oh my God, the guilt I felt was **horrible.**

I'm not sure how I managed to never forget my daughter in that kind of situation -- maybe I was just lucky. I can only imagine how terrible those parents must feel, I was absolutely crushed by the guilt over my dog and it took me weeks to even sort of get past it.  

That incident happened almost 15 years ago and my beautiful Golden is no longer living ... but even now when I think about, it that guilt is still very strong even with no harm done to my dog. Thankfully, I never left my daughter in the car as a baby, but I left her at home once. 

She went on vacation with my ex for a week, and the morning after she got back I got ready for work and had breakfast and went on my merry little way like I had every day the week prior while she slept peacefully in her bed. The thought that she was there never once occurred to me. Thankfully, my husband was also home sleeping. He called me an hour later very confused and asked if she was sick and if I had meant to keep her home from school and why I didn't tell him before I left. I was absolutely horrified. 

She was six at the time, not a baby or a toddler, and she's always been a pretty mature kid, so even if he hadn't been there, I'm fully confident she would have just eaten cereal and gogurt and watched Netflix all day until someone got home. But if that could happen to me, so could potentially leaving her in an actually dangerous situation, or future kids, so I've been terrified about it ever since. I honestly think people *have* to make the shitty Facebook comments blaming parents for these things and acting like this only happens to irresponsible parents who love their phones more than their kids, etc. for their own sanity. The idea that it can happen to you is rightfully horrific. But it definitely can, and I tell my story every single summer when those articles start to pop up in hopes that just one person will take it to heart and use tricks like putting their shoe or their phone with the kid. This looks just like a draft I wrote and never published on this thread . I worry too. And I worry about my hyper focus when I’m shopping with my kids . Sleep deprivation and hormones can really mess you up . I obsessed over not forgetting my kids shortly after they were  both born  I have a running conversation with my kids when they are in the car with me. Even if they are asleep, or in one case, not old enough to talk. I do this with my dogs, too. This helps me remember there are other beings in the car.  I was afraid of doing this too. Lucky for me, I had a baby who never stopped making some kind of noise so it was impossible to forget him anywhere.  I just noticed that the waze app has an option to set to remind you about precious cargo. The combination of lack of sleep, stress and adhd can be debilitating and I know I can always use another tool to help me  I never understood the comments people made. "How could you possibly forget" "your child should be more important than your phone" 
That's just not how this shit works. People also think negative reinforcement 'cures' ADHD. It doesn't. And it's not about your phone being more important than your child, it's an existential thing. In that specific instance, your phone is more necessary to your routine than your child is, so it's easier to remember. It doesn't mean you would be more upset over your phone dying compared to losing your child. Neurotypical people always make matters like this more simplistic than they have to be and I hate it. Glad you got a system for that, hopefully I’ll have a wife who is better than me. I had my son pre-diagnosis I knew I forgot things in the car. Until I got a car with a smart key I locked my keys in the car at least once a month. I was terrified I’d leave him in the car. A few years before a local teacher lost her baby that way on her first day back to school.
I can be a creature of habit, my routine was: unlock doors, get out of car, look in back seat. I still do it to this day.  This is my worst fear as well. I have forgotten or absent-mindedly misplaced so many important things throughput my life. When I started to see cases of children dying in hot cars the first thing I thought was “oh God, I am going to do this some day.”  I didn’t even have kids at the time, but I have them now, and I constantly worry about where my littlest one is.  I never get out of a cab without checking the seat that I haven’t left anything. It’s become automatic now. Same goes for when you drive and have a child,  never leave your car without checking the back seat even if you know the kid isn’t going to be there, just do it anyway and it will become part of your automatic routine leaving the car and you won’t ever end up leaving a kid in the back seat!  There’s two iPhone apps for this. I just downloaded one called “the backseat” because I’m worried about this too  Some people drive keyless cars (no need for keys in ignition, as long as it's with you inside the car) I would suggest to those people, as a part of their system, to leave the keys with the baby. Without the keys you cannot lock the car, and you'll remember even if it makes you frautratrd trying to diutr out why your car won't lock Never left a baby in the car but I did once drive off and leave my ten year old at a gas station :( I have kids and they are older now but Inwas scared to death that I would do this.  did it once but quickly remembered to come back in about a minute. thankfully miy wife did most of the kid lugging while I was at work. I get the struggle. Luckily for me it doesn’t apply to forgetting my kids, just everything else.

> I’ve still never told my husband or anyone else about this.

Please do. Really. Don’t let your relationship become one you are afraid to tell him everything in. Being afraid of your SO’s reaction will be the beginning of the end of your marriage. Been there, done that. Not 2 hours ago, I was driving my 18 month old around shopping and thought about exactly this. I use routines to remember things and times happen when routines get messed up and that’s when I forget critical items. You are not alone in this fear. Us fellow parents/Mothers with ADHD are with you. I’ve done it multiple times before for short periods most recently was last year, when I got out four of them and they were all tired and whiny from a long day of running errands with me and for a full five minutes I didn’t notice that my 1 year old wasn’t in the house. I’d left him strapped into his car seat because instead of throwing a fit to get out of it like his siblings he had fallen asleep. I felt like a horrible mother even though my husband assured me it was an accident and he was fine,but fuck I still check religiously and throw literally everything I need into the backseat if I go anywhere, even if the kids aren’t coming just because I was terrified of a repeat  I wonder if there’s a market for something as simple as a little block you stick to your dashboard and a lanyard keychain with a pacifier on it that clicks into the block so you’d have to “unplug” the pacifier to get your keys. Something not very intrusive but certainly annoying enough to get your attention. You’d have to remember to “plug in” the pacifier though....


Maybe a keychain that starts buzzing or vibrating if it gets 20 feet from a complementary clip that you sick to the carrier? When my 9yo was two I took him to get his booster shots. We returned to the car and I gave him my keys to play with while I put him in the car seat. He accidentally locked the car. I threw the car keys over to the front seat and closed his door. I went to open my door and the car was locked. This is a tropical island I’m talking about. I panicked. My purse was in the front seat with my keys. My heart sunk and I found a person in the parking lot who started to help. As we were trying to open the car, some older people getting out of their car noticed us and called 9-1-1. The problem is if the rescue help got there, they would take my son away and charge me with negligence. So we had a race against time to get him out. At the last moment, as firefighters were coming in, the man who was helping me unlocked my door with a hanger. I got my son out and couldn’t even stand. We told them it had been a quick rescue and a complete misunderstanding as I was leaving at that moment and never left him alone in the car. My son was ok but he knew something was wrong. From then on out, I bought a lanyard which I hung from my neck the minute my keys left the ignition.  I feel incredibly lucky that it has not happened to me, three kids and SO was fond of changing routine. I always felt it was an accident waiting to happen but now the yougest one is old enough to make sure I do not forget him. Still I feel lots of people judge parents as if they new when often they have no clue. Kind of like how people judge ADD come to think of it. I just want to say, having adhd doesn’t mean you’re going to forget your child in the backseat. It typically happens when parents have to perform a duty they don’t typically perform, with their child. Like, for instance, mom always drives child to school. She has jury duty so dad has to drive. 

I’ve done a lot of things. I’ve locked my keys in my car with my child. Locked my keys in my
Trunk with my dry cleaning. I’ve even forgotten  i turn my car off. But I haven’t left my child, because they’re a part of my routine.  This is my totally plausible nightmare.  You've just implanted a new fear in me. This is going on my list of reasons why i don't want  kids. I would do something like this!

Don't beat yourself up about it, you took tried to prevent it from happening & you're still being smart about it by having your oldest with you & the baby. It's frustrating, i know I'm presently childless, but this is one of my biggest fears as well.
I would forget my own head if it weren't attached to me. Don't be ashamed, you did everything you possibly could and nobody got hurt.

I forget what Im doing as Im doing it. I lose everything. Ive *never* had a cell phone because there's no way to strap it to me (my keys are attached to my belt). I could never watch my daughter on my own, I would forget she's there.

It's frustrating. I was terrified that I would do this also. That and drowning, I was terrified mine would drown because I wasn't looking.  I tell people all the time thank god I haven't had any babies, I can't even take care of myself. Waze nags you about kids in the back, if you let it Download Waze. A great navigation app and it gives you child reminders if you turn it on.  The Waze app has a reminder every time you reach your destination to get your baby out fo the car. Download it!  This is one of the many many reasons I will never have kids. I have my own issues to deal with, if I forget my purse at the store how the hell am I supposed to remember a tiny person? Leaving my son outside in the car- with the door open in the middle of summer- is what prompted me to get medication. 

We had been out grocery shopping and he was a screaming infant with silent reflux, and I had a two year old daughter.  I brought her inside the house, left his door open so I’d remember to get him- came out two more times for groceries, then unpacked groceries, got daughter a snack, got distracted by a million other things- and was met with my elderly neighbor at my door asking if I knew the baby was crying in the car... 

Yeah.  I was lucky I was home and the door was open- I shudder to think what would have happened if I didn’t have that little system for myself.. 

ADD is a bitch- and the first shrink was “are you sure your issues aren’t because you have two kids under two?”  I showed her my damn report cards with comments and explained this has been a life long issue.   She then wrote me a script and started monthly therapy.  

Good luck- it’s not easy, and some of us are more lucky than others :( Huge fear of mine. Thankfully I’m child free. I used to give myself a lot of grief for being irresponsible and thinking I’m losing my mind because the absent mindedness and forgetfulness has been getting worse with age. I lose my keys all the time that I have to make a point of making them obviously big, with specific unique keychains so people recognize them as mine, and and an alarm tag in case I lose it.  Even parents with normal brains do this. You don't need to feel ashamed, it's not as abnormal as you think. 


Also I absolutely left my son in the car by accident when he was sleeping. I did the exact same thing you did only I was in the checkout line. I just left my cart and ran. 


Speaking from experience, getting anxious about it won't help. A system might help. You might try turning on something that will beep if you don't turn it off (car lights work for me, but not in all cars), just putting a timer on your phone for 1 min after the Google maps expected travel time could work.


It sucks, and it doesn't make you a bad person. Having a disability sucks, but it doesn't mean you don't love your kid. I’m gonna be a new dad soon, but I’m also a pediatric ER nurse. I’ve been stressing out about this for the last few months. I live in Florida so I’ve seen a few kids accidentally cooked by people who were nothing more than exhausted new parents. I just wanted to let you know that even the professionals worry about this because it’s a very relatable mistake.  I don't have kids, but I have a little Chihuahua who I take everywhere with me. The high in my city today is 100 °F, which is relatively cool for this time of year (it recently rained), so heat like that is a concern.

Fortunately, my car is so old that it doesn't have a passenger-side airbag. So I've just permanently installed my dog's seating arrangements in the front seat, and it never, ever moves. So whenever I'm driving, I can easily see her. I've also developed a habit of periodically reaching over to pat her so that I know where she is, which I do before I start driving in case I've forgotten to load her into the car and she's still walking around.

So far it's been a few years like this and there have been no problems. My passengers sometimes think it's weird that they never get to sit up front, but fuck 'em; that's Shakira's seat. I have panic attacks all the time on the way to work that I forgot to take my son to my mom's house. And that I am driving to work with him. Used to have dreams that this could happen to me but thankfully never did ..its terrifying for someone with ADHD...poor babies horrifying for all involved It's one of the big reasons why I'm afraid of having a baby in the future. I'm so sure I will cause harm to them, and I really want to be a safe mother to my future child. Ultimately, I know the best thing will be adopting a school-age child who can speak for themself and taking them seriously whenever they feel sick or stressed or tired, but I am sad I don't think I can ever care for a baby.  There is also a good GPS app called Waze that you can set a reminder to check for kids in the car when you arrive at your destination.  Agreed to all your points.

I've also automatically put certain things in the back seat, just as a reminder.  That's not admitting your kid doesn't matter. It's the opposite; you do it BECAUSE they matter.

My worst 'forgot something moment' was realizing at a stop light that my son's seatbelt wasn't done when he was sitting in an upright carseat. It was a panicked moment, and it happened maybe twice that I can vaguely recall.  


Lastly, people aren't used to living life with limited Working Memory like we do. I feel horrible to hear about those accidents that happen, the loss of life, and what the parent must feel while also being reamed out by local and national media. When I was a kid, my family forgot our dogs in the back of the car (after a long day at the park, they were sleeping and we were all exhausted). By the time my dad remembered, they were dead. I'm the only one in my family with diagnosed ADHD but the symptoms are scattered more heavily than usual throughout my relatives.

More than 15 years later I still can't tell anyone about the day without crying. It's one of my strongest childhood memories. It terrifies me to this day that I'll forget a pet or child in the car. I feel your pain. A while back anytime I heard those stories I'd sort of automatically jump on the "what kind of a person leaves their own fucking kid in the back seat?" bandwagon, until one time I paused and was like "wait...*I'd* be the kind of person who'd leave their own fucking kid in the backseat..." I've felt a lot of empathy for these people leaving their children in the cars too, and I don't have a child or intend to have one. 

I already lose things I care a lot about or that are expensive. I can't imagine the guilt and pain of forgetting a child, but I can easily see myself doing something similar.  No you do NOT remember your phone over your baby. Nobody would. Ever. To help you understand, make this exercise: it can happen when you are with someone (not you) who needs to lock something (car, home, as long as its valuable) talk to that person while they are locking it. Wait a minute or two or five (as long as you are not too far, but not within armlenght of the lock either) and ask him/her if he/she locked the door (or car or etc). Watch the person go back. You will see that even if its more important for that person to lock than whatever you are discussing, they will not remember putting a key in the lock but they will remember the conversation. Tbh, I've never even considered this angle before. I have ADHD, but I never even considered forgetting a child.

You guys got it rough. Good luck in the future I have always been able to relate to these parents. I don't have kids yet, but my equals are starting to become grandparents. Needless to say, we'll be the gray headed parents that get mistaken for grandparents! And I hope you digress. Big surprise.
I travel between multiple job sites. I used to live on the edge of the area so my commute began by taking the same road. And the final destination would determine when I would turn off. I'd be thinking about 1 job site and end up on autopilot headed to the place I am thinking about instead of the place I'm supposed to be going.
Now at least I live in the center of the area. So each route is more unique. Don't make this mistake as often.
I've gotten very accustomed to "auto-off" devices. As a teen and in college I remember panicking on many occasions... "did I turn off the curler/straightener /coffeemaker."
6 months ago I was staying in an extended stay and did leave coffee maker on all day. So thankful it didn't cause a fire!
But I can definitely relate to the movie "As Good as it gets". I can completely see myself creating repetitive habits "I'm locking the door.. " etc.
I continue to be thankful for the tech/advantages we do have.  I carry a laptop bag and drive an SUV. I have too many friends (even those with trunks) that have had cars broken into. I can't afford to go without my laptop. So I ALWAYS carry it into stores when I run errands after work. I can't count the number of times I've done the "panic run" out to my car because I forgot to bring in a laptop. I can totally understand the forgotten child.

Routines: still a work in progress.  Seek options for yourself. Perhaps meditation could help. I jump to this because your cargo is so precious. It happened to a woman my mother works for. Worst nightmare ever. If you’ve done it before and you plan to have more kids (more exhaustion) seek out help and resources. And avoid situations where your not in your usual routine.  Waze the navigation app now has a notification "dont forget your baby" every-time you complete your trip.  What I find even more infuriating is that the same type of people comment on posts about devices meant to help with the problem. As if recognizing that people are not perfect and trying to mitigate the issue is a bad thing. I believe one of the things that is often remarkable about "our tribe" is that we can often be compassionate for people, because we identify with their "failings" so much.

I admire how you immediately created a coping skill to counter this situation, that is a really impressive example of capitalizing on an experience an making a positive from a potential problem. Bravo!! Try to remember that there are about 40 hot car deaths a year in America.  Even if 100% of those parents had ADHD, the odds of any parent or even any ADHD parent losing their child in such an awful way are very very small.  Let’s all be aware of this safety concern, but don’t drive yourself insane over it either. There is a story on ABC News right now about this happening.

[https://abcnews.go.com/US/year-boy-dies-left-stifling-hot-car-hours/story?id=56616217](https://abcnews.go.com/US/year-boy-dies-left-stifling-hot-car-hours/story?id=56616217)

As you can imagine, the story's comment section is full of the usual hate and invective, calling for the parents to be tossed in jail or worse. It happens because of swiss cheese theory. Everyone is liable to swiss cheese theory, but IME ADHD gives us more holes than cheese, so our holes are always lining up whereas most people find that they get away with small mistakes except in the awful cases where everything happens at once and all of their safeguards fail. I cannot comprehend how this happens to people, and I hate the PSAs that say “put something important in the back seat” the child is important! 

I know it’s something that has happened to some of the most normal, and attentive/loving parents, but I still don’t understand how it happens. When my nephew was born I helped my sister with him more often than not but not regularly enough to have a routine with him. Every time I had him my day was thrown off. However he was always my primary focus. I was neurotic triple checking everything (which I do with anything I’m worried about) I would talk, and sing to him while driving even if he was asleep. I would constantly forget my phone in the car because he was always the thing I was so focused on. 

Please understand that I’m not trying to come off as a judgmental prick. I’ve just never understood how the child doesn’t become the center of your world that day.  [removed] Reaching for your purse/phone etc. is not activating muscle memory if you start putting it in places they are not normally placed. For instance. I place my backpack on my passenger seat every day. But if something throws that off and it’s placed in the back for whatever reason I’m guaranteed to forget about it until I need it.

Again I am not judging anyone or looking down on someone for leaving their kid in the car. It’s a scary thought and I cannot begin to imagine how it would feel. 

My point is when you’re placing your phone in your kids car seat and that’s what your remembering there is a problem. The PSA commercials say to start placing something important in the back seat to remember your kid. How are you supposed to remember your important thing that has now been placed somewhere out of the ordinary over your child. 
I cannot comprehend this. I do not understand that concept.  [removed] [removed] [deleted] People let a lack of imagination, empathy and just-world fallacy (could never happen to me!) come before child safety. It's disgusting how some people's ego can trump logic. 

I think a big benefit of ADHD for some of us is big picture thinking that includes all the possibilities, and an ability to not let ego get in the way. Based on the awful Facebook comments, people still seem think those safety systems are stupid. Whatever, I'll be using one. If its stupid but it works how stupid is it really?




 Like sure it might be unnecessary 99% of the time but when you're dealing with something as important as a child's life it's worth it. To bad the thought it stupid. We love our kids but stuff could happen are minds not perfect . Hope the create a system to avoid seeing any more cases like this I always heard it was more about companies not wanting more liability.  See if you have a baby alarm and the baby's left in the back but the alarm malfunctions, you can sue the company for lots of money.  If there's no alarm, it's not possible to blame the car company or seat company.   Or forgetting to take off your shoe.  
 That's a great idea! I'm newly married and I'm terrified about losing the baby. Shoe should work... because it won't be 'fucky'... it'll be 'oh lord that's hot/uncomfortable' The thing is, these tragedies happen about 30-40 times a year.  Even once is too many, of course, but the odds that any individual parent will lose their child this way are tiny.  It’s still an important safety concern to be aware of, but I worry that parents will, as you say, drive ourselves nuts over these awful stories.  They definitely made my postpartum depression worse. Off topic but I have that same car and do you not find the radio infuriating? Shit is way too bright. I used to have a '14 Cruze and the blue glowy radio was so much better. '17 cruze is horrible for my adhd at night. It's like all I can look at. Can't wait till my lease is up. Waze has one too. Ive done that too. My normal “put in kid, buckle kid, close door” routine was thrown off because I had groceries in my hand. So I put him in and set the groceries down and shut the door. I noticed after only a few miles because he put his face in between ours lol but it scared the crap out of me.  I once buckled my nephew into his car seat, but forgot to attach the car seat to the seat... I didn’t realize until I got home and everything was fine. I told his mom the story (a while afterwards) and she told me the good thing is I will never forget again. And that’s true! Now I always double check.  Happened to me last week with my 2 month old (second kid.) At a gathering, put her in the carseat in the stroller to get some shade, left shortly thereafter, never checked. Drove 30+ minutes home. She was happy as a clam but oh my god, the grief.

If it makes you feel better I also tried doing it with my first born but he was old enough to talk. I had put him in then loaded the stroller and intended to return to strap him in and forgot. I made it less than 3 seconds down the street before he was crying and screaming.  Been there, done that. This has happened to me, thankfully only on short drives, but the guilt is still killer.  Did that.  I can't keep up with a purse or keys or sunglasses. Yep not gonna be able to keep up with a baby either. ADD is just one of the reasons I choose not to have kids Thank you!  I can’t believe the response to this post.   Amen. This was one of my greatest fears a few years back. Luckily my Insurgents are now out of car seats and won’t stop talking or fighting long enough for me to forget they’re there....but I worried about this for many years when they were sleeping infants.

People often cry in outrage, how a parent could possibly ever forget....but when you have ADHD and rely heavily on routine to keep your life together, I can easily see how one could lock them in and drive to work without remembering. Especially if they do not typically drive their child to their childcare provider, etc. I can’t imagine the pun and anguish that those parents must feel over such a devastation, and my heart goes out to them.  Well said. I’m starting this.  They fall asleep sometimes and I’m afraid of leaving both of them!  Though my older child is big enough to get herself and her sister out now - I’d never forgive myself.   I love that feature too!  I would forget to feed my dogs but OH BOY DO THEY LET ME KNOW IF IT’S PAST FOOD TIME! 

They wake us up no later than 7:45 (food is at 7:30 and 7:30) and usually by 7:30pm they’re in their eating spots staring at us. Or, if we’re in other parts of the house, sitting there and staring at us.  You aren't the only one. I have Frenchie dog.Then my nephew brought me a rescue that needed help. However, I didnt change the water bowel to account for the extra dog. I work 12 hr shift when got home the rescue dog kept chasing me & barking she even climbed the kitchen table to get to kitchen counter & started barking at the sink. I was so dense so I scolded her ..she followed me to bath room jumped on toilet seat started barking at sink. Finally it dawned on me she was asking for water .What a smart pooch. I immediately bought a fountain water bowel that holds much more water for both of them so I dont forget to fill water bowel. So maybe you need dog dispensing food bowel .Seen some cool ones ...I have routine with the dogs and lucky for me they make me stick to it. No sooner I wake up they ask for there food and just like kids they wake me up if I over sleep. The cool thing is that babies will tell you that you forgot to feed them

They won't say "hey, you forgot to feed me, dummy"

they'll say "WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH" I have Frenchie dog.Then my nephew brought me a rescue that needed help. However, I didnt change the water bowel to account for the extra dog. I work 12 hr shift when got home the rescue dog kept chasing me & barking she even climbed the kitchen table to get to kitchen counter & started barking at the sink. I was so dense so I scolded her ..she followed me to bath room jumped on toilet seat started barking at sink. Finally it dawned on me she was asking for water .What a smart pooch. I immediately bought a fountain water bowel that holds much more water for both of them so I dont forget to fill water bowel. So maybe you need dog dispensing food bowel .Seen some cool ones ...I have routine with the dogs and lucky for me they make me stick to it. No sooner I wake up they ask for there food and just like kids they wake me up if I over sleep. But you *do* have cake, so at least you've got *that* going for you. Dogs will love you more and rarely crash your car. Still needy. And if you get a chatty one, nearly impossible to leave in the car accidentally. Saaaaame Yeah, these people who are super confident they could NEVER forget their kid... they are putting themselves in danger of doing exactly that. People mainly forget their babies in cars because they zoned out and missed the exit for daycare, then arrived at work thinking they had already executed the other steps in their morning routine.  Seriously, I feel like it’s this exact scenario in at least 50% of the news stories I’ve read.  It’s not like these people were crackheads or reckless or uncaring. They sell sub $100 smart items to make this panic disappear. I did the same for the locks on my house too, but those were around $200 a door. My neighbors both have the code to the garage door so they can shut it when I do this.  We have a code pad for when I forget my keys.   Just wanted to say this was a really nice and thoughtful thing to say.  I hope you are feeling better these days.   Just try to remember that most parents do remember quickly just like you did!  There are “only” 30-40 hot car deaths a year in America.  Extremely horrible, but there are millions of small children in the country.  These are rare freak accidents.  I have also forgotten my baby in the car a couple of times, but only for seconds.  In one case I actually assembled the stroller and pushed it into a store.... then realized there was no baby in it.  I’ve also driven home and realized that my infant was in his seat, but I hadn’t buckled the straps.  Sleep deprivation is a bitch. I don't think it's ridiculous at all. Especially for our brains, it takes ages to get a habit so ingrained that we don't forget it even when we're distracted or our routine is messed up. I'm 29 and I still leave the house without brushing my damn teeth now and then when I do my morning routine out of order for whatever reason. So, I think you're being very smart to start now so that when you DO have a baby, amidst all the other chaos and confusion you'll have that habit well established.  A couple of years ago, I saw an article about a teenager from New Mexico who developed a prototype for a car seat that if it was occupied and you got a certain distance away, it would ring an alarm on your keys. I don't know if she ever found financing, though. There is a lanyard that buckles into the car seat. It's bright yellow and says BABY IN CAR all over it. You put your kid in the seat put the lanyard on your neck. When you get the kid out it goes back into the car seat.  I wouldn’t fear over this lol.  This is a very rare, unfortunate, and frankly fucked up occurrence.  Have more faith in your damn self.  Kids, even infants, babies, and toddlers have a special way of making sure you know they are there about 95% of the time.   How does taking care of a baby every now and then compare to having them full time, probably with lack of sleep, the ADHD and having to do chores. Of course I agree this shouldn't happen but I can't believe you actually think having a baby for short periods of time some days is in any way comparable and sufficient for you to have an opinion on the topic based on your limited experience.

It's actually funny, remember that whatever probability there is to leave a baby in the car for an exhausted ADHD person the chances to make the mistake at least once increases with the number of hours you have with the baby. Which of course means the more the parents (A.K.A. not you the sporadic baby sitter) run errands with the kids the more chances they have to fail. So yeah not comparable. What are you doing on this sub? I mean you obviously are not ADD otherwise the notion of remembering and the importance of thing/people would not ever be entwined for you. Are you trolling? If you are of good faith try to at least understand that your attitude is not helping anybody here, it feel antigonizing so I do not believe you will learn anything. You judge people based on a half experience that you have once in a while. I have three kids that are with me every day. They are the persons the most important for me, another thing where we differ you and me. I was scared to death that it would happen to me. I believe all parents have enough responsibilities to juggle that it could happen to them, ADD or not. But I feel anyone with ADD would easily understand how even if they are the center of your world the attention you have to give to driving the car, making sure your on the right path, remembering the shopping list, dealing with the car of the dimwit who parked to close to the line beside you will all put the fact that your baby is sleeping peacefully in his/her seat on the backburner of your mind. There no immediate reaction required. Then when you are ready to retrieve the idea that you need to pull your kid out of the car you need to get it back from the backburner... if it wasnt flushed out.  I agree and don’t understand your downvotes. 

I am as routine oriented as anyone else, maybe even more so due to slight OCD. but when I’m with my daughter she’s my whole world.  The idea is that you retrain your memory to always go to the back seat, where you cannot miss your child. So your backpack would not go in the front seat anymore but in proximity to the child. You would have to do it every time.  I don’t care that you don’t understand.  This post was not for you.  Please go away.   Unfortunately not, instances have been where people were sure they dropped the kid off at daycare and instead went straight to work because baby was fast asleep in the car and not making a sound and parent went on auto pilot. No one leaves their kid in the parking lot at work all day on purpose.  You have no idea what you are talking about.  Hi! We're all trying as fucking hard as we can. Thanks for seeing this post as an opportunity to be an asshole and tell everyone how much of a good parent you are.  People think if you forget, then you weren't caring enough. Like its an ethical failure and that they are morally superior because they care. In reality, the human brain just forgets stuff. ADHD brains more so. Its a mechanical failure, not an ethical one. People on Facebook think that vaccines are stupid.

They're largely ignorant and unemphatic narcissists. They're not worth attention. Yep! That is way too risky for a business to take on. Yep. That too. Make it a habit, do it every single time even without baby. Eventually it'll become muscle memory.  


I've thought about this way too much, and I'm not planning on having kids for another 6 years or so (I'm 27). You better bet I'm doing the shoe trick as soon as the bun hits the oven. >Off topic but

That's kind of the topic of the sub!  > Off topic

> r/ADHD

Name a more iconic duo Don’t get me started on the “keep your eyes on the road” warning  you can usually turn down brightness in the settings What helped me with my obnoxious freaking radio was taping three sheets of thick black construction paper over the screen when I wasn’t using it. I don’t think it had to be black paper either; any color should work, so long as it blocks the light, black was just what I had on hand. Is there not a dial knob on the left-hand side of your steering wheel that controls the brightness of your screen?  pretty sure you can dim those with the dome light thingy on the left Got an aftermarket head unit in my Camry because I wanted Aux and the stock one didn't like my cassette adapter. Driving at night sucks, because every cheap Chinese product feels the need to cram as many bright blue eye-fuck LEDs as possible into everything, with no brightness control. How nobody in the reviews noticed I have no clue. Why don't you tape a piece of paper or cloth over the display? Yup, was going to suggest Waze! The worst part of the cruel Facebook comments though is that people condemn these kind of systems, as if people are evil parents for using extra safety measures. It drives me insane. Same here, I lose my eyeglasses when I'm *wearing them*, I would never be able to handle a kid. This mentality 'how could anyone ever 'X' is part of how I got over the stigma of medication or asking for accommodations in school or the work place.

My thoughts basically changed to 'you are right, no "normal" person would do this. Ergo, I need assistance to get to "normal."'  I love that you called them your insurgents. I'm stealing that. Haha when my coworkers tell me they're not ready for kids cuz they can't even keep a plant alive. I always say I can't keep a plant alive to save my own life, but the thing is, plants can't scream at you if you forget about them. My kids definitely don't let me forget to feed them and my dogs will prance around and leap at me if I'm late with their food.  Oh, and the best is when they trick us into getting fed twice. Usually it happens when one of us gets up, feeds them, and then leaves the house. Then the other gets up, and they go to their spots and start acting like they haven't been fed :)  My cat is the only animal who tells you when he's hungry. My dogs are more about cuddles than food. The only way you can kind of tell if they're hungry is if you have food and they aggressively beg for it. They have 2 types of begging. The usual you have food and I want it and a very aggressive give me that food now. It's a very subtle difference though. I've forgotten, my dogs have been annoyed, and I've been mad at them for being annoying before and didn't feed them... (I have a system of in the morning, the food cups are empty, then I fill them for their full food, give them half for breakfast.  So if the cups are fully empty, I didn't feed them breakfast.  If the cups are half full, I didn't feed them dinner.  But sometimes I forget to check)

Thankfully a missed meal or two doesn't drastically affect them.  But I've felt really bad when my little one vomited up the yellow bile that indicates an empty stomach before :( And I then have to figure out what it means which is a whole other struggle. But like I said, it's only 1 reason. As an adult without kids, did you know you have more money to get your own cake whenever you want than if you do have kids? I am, my daughter is 10 now and we’re all doing great! Thank you. :) I never do my mornings in the same order. I've skipped teeth brushing or deodorant. (have backups in desk at work for this reason). Have to be careful that soap doesn't end up on my scalp. That's happened more than once.  I always put my purse in the backseat behind my driver’s seat. I’m hoping this means I will always see my kid when I go for my purse on autopilot.  Oh that’s pretty awesome. I like that it pairs buckling with baby accessing so maybe less chance of forgetting doing the first part (putting something in back seat with child in the first place), which is where i would totally fail.  Lol very true...then again this is something i won't have to worry about. Thinking about having a child just gives me anxiety  Well you would think that the parent who is the kid every day has a set routine would manage to forget their kid in the car, but not their phone, purse, keys etc. you think it’s funny that I have an opinion on this; I think it’s funny that you’re trying to make an excuses for the people this happens to. 
Look I understand that everyone makes mistakes, we’re all human. But putting your child or any child to the back of your mind when it puts their life in danger is inexcusable.
And yes I have every right to have an opinion when I have a disturbance to my routine I am just as likely to forget something important. This doesn’t just happen to the parents of the child. There are reports of aunts/uncles, grandparents, and friends doing this as well.  I’ll keep this short for the sake of being polite. I don’t understand how someone can remember their purse/cellphones over their sleeping child.  Even when your child is not with you correct? 

That makes a lot of sense. I didn’t think of getting in the habit of reaching back. My thought process  as you put your stuff back whenever baby is with you. 

Thank you.  How about you go fuck yourself. I have been thoughtful in my responses until this point; I have not put anyone down again until the point. I have every right to form an opinion/ ask questions on the subject matter. The post was for anyone on this sub. So how dare you tell me to go away. 

You cannot shun opinions that differ from yours. Not can you shut down an inquisitive mind. 

Perhaps I have not been in the situation, and maybe it is different when you are. However from the outside looking in this should never happen. 

You people are ridiculous down-voting, and getting upset at anyone who has a different opinion. What happened to sophisticated and thoughtful debate? Most of the time it is straight up exhaustion. My son was up every 90 mins through the night for the first 6-8 months, then he shifted to 2hrly. I was working too. Thankfully Dad was home looking after our kid so I never had to drive with him in the car at that point but the exhaustion is real.  [removed] I’ve tried to tell this to my mother a million times.  Yep. Everybody makes small mistakes all the time. It's just that for most things to go wrong, there have to be small mistakes on many layers at once - this is called the [Swiss Cheese Model](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swiss_cheese_model).

It's my belief that ADHD makes our cheese more holey. Therefore we're more likely to end up with lined up holes. You can't have a social media presence without a touch of narcissism  Safer just to take off the whole foot and put it in the back. The most ADHD conversation I've ever seen That sounds like so much work, cant you just have some clips and plastic?  Nope
 NVM... There is. I double checked and there is and it definitely dims the radio to a point that is tolerable at night. I still preferred the blue glowy of my old car though. ..... Ok I just double checked and you are absolutely right. I've had this stupid car for a year and a half and never fiddled around with that dial before. Thank you.  Two other people told me how to dim it. I always thought if there was a dimmer option it would have been in the radio settings section... Turned out there was a dial for it right next to the head lights dial. I’m So grateful every time Waze says “don’t forget Ben!” Yes, you would swear they grew legs and walked away right? Just imagine if they had real legs trying to keep them not only within sight but safe from all harm at all times.  So true. Insurgents, terrorists, savages...any of them will do!  Yep.  I have four healthy kids but every plant I’ve ever had has died of neglect. My dad said he couldn’t keep a plant alive until after he had kids.  Why do you think I don't have kids? (It’s actually /u/Reagalan’s cake day). Oh man I’ve done the deodorant thing too. It’s so frustrating. Even if I don’t actually smell, once I realize it’s all I can think about.  1 is fine.  Any more and it’s game over.  I have two.  Buddy of mine just tried for a boy after 3 girls and is now having another girl.  Seriously.  GTFO.  Don’t even have to die to experience hell.  Terrible.  I could see losing one there.  But ONE?  Gimme a break.  Get ur shit together people. You can have an opinion of course like every one. But not based on experience bcause you don't have it. You can't simply have a routine. Parents do errands a lot of times per day and maybe out of three they do errands once with their kid. But that would still be every day which means the chances for them to make it is much much higher for them than for a babysitter. Again the routine is probably not having the baby there for most of the errands. But for the ones they do have him they have to pay extra attention (which I'm of course not saying is unreasonable. It is still a huge mistake for the parent to do this). Because grabbing your purse before you leave your car is a routine you’ve likely been doing since you started driving. It’s something you would do when the baby is in the car and something you do when they aren’t. Or if you’re  like me you wear a small cross body one and just leave it on when you drive.  The brain doesn't magically work better when something's important.  Because you don’t “remember” your seatbelt, purse, phone.  It’s muscle memory - you’ve been reaching for the belt since you were 15 in drivers ed.  You’ve been grabbing your purse every time you do anything your whole life.  And taking a sleeping newborn out of the backseat is not muscle memory.  Especially if you are out of your routine, tired, it’s dark, etc.  And, in my case, I forgot all three.   Yes, ideally you should do it the same way every time so when “auto pilot”  kicks in, you see the baby...  I think you're smart enough to know that one single instance doesn't define every single person. If you're going to keep being an ass, you will forfeit your privilege to participate in this community.  These attitudes are not uncommon outside of the social media bubble. I'm also talking more r/raisedbynarcissists narcissism. Yeah, you can't possibly use social media to stay in contact with far away family and friends or even network with people in your professional field. Nope, all narcissism.  You.  Are. Ridiculously funny I like you. I love seeing how other ADHD people think. It's like having an "I'm home" feeling. People always told me I was weird, my mind jumps to weird places, etc. I spent so long forcing myself to be quiet and not talk so people wouldn't be annoyed or find me strange. Now I realize I have people, people who think like me, it's nice. 

While ADHD can be simultaneously infuriating and depressing, it also creates some really interesting and creative people. I've started to realize just how many of us exist and how many people don't even know yet that they have it too. I never knew until I was diagnosed as an adult. I love knowing I'm not alone, but also that feeling when someone can actually follow your mind when it jumps to conversation to conversation. It's really a nice feeling.  My dash doesn’t have a whole lot of places for clips, and paper was what I had on hand. If that’s what works for someone else, great! It totally depends on the car :) hahaha YES! i’m glad i could help. still, ditch that shit at the end of your lease. Yeah sorry, I commented before reading the other comments.  Now I'm picturing my glasses walking around with spider legs so thanks for that. :P Hm... My plants have been greener after I forced myself to get routines after the baby was born.  You misread that, I'm the one without kids. After 3 girls i'd be afraid to try again I absolutely understand the probability. Of course it’s more likely the more you have the kid. The point I’m trying to make is when the parent has the kid at a time out of the ordinary and they are running errands. How is the child not the center of their attention. How is it that they’re not worrying about every little thing. I know some parents that still get up I. The middle of the night to make sure their teenager is still breathing. I’m just struggling with the concept that anyone could forget their child. I want to tattoo this on my forehead. Well, I guess this *is* the ADHD subreddit; I can't hold you at fault for reading something wrong and replying impulsively.  I honestly love talking to other adhd people. The fact that there are always 10 side stories and knowing I'm not the only one who does that is always a good feeling.

Regarding the original post I understand OPs fear. I don't have children but I want them. I'm terrified of things like that or getting fired from my job because I can't be on medication while trying to get and being pregnant.  Idk mines adjustable. I actually bought one with a screen that sinks into the dash. It's pretty nice, you only have a tiny tiny display!  Oh I will. I wanted to buy my 14 Cruz but they talked me out of it and I was young and dumb.  Having and raising multiple kids is the perfect analogy for why we even have adhd to begin with.  It’s just too much going on for one or even two people.  Our world is just too full of distractions and it slowly but surely pulls our minds apart.  Your telling me if you had to wake up every morning 100 years ago to the sun rising, feed the chickens, tend the crops, etc, etc that people had ADHD?  Doubt it.  People had authentic, survival based purpose back then and that leaves no room for ADHD.  I have no doubt ADHD is a real thing, but I’ve always felt it’s a cumulative outside influenced thing and not something broken inside from the get go.  Simple life=simple life.  Simple as that.  Keep it that way for as long as you can. Worrying about every little thing with your child 24/7 is a very unhealthy thing for you and the child. If someone is waking up to make sure their teenage child is still breathing they should probably get help for what is likely a serious anxiety problem. In the cases of good parents forgetting their child it is almost always because a routine was changed and they were on auto pilot.  Have you ever driven to work and not even remember doing it because you mind is else where. They could be thinking of what they need at the store or an upcoming conference call or something. You do not think about your child 24/7 once you have them, you would get nothing done and probably lose your mind. These aren’t excuses making it ok, they are human things that happen no matter how unfortunate. We are a far from perfect species. 

 Doesn't excuse being a condescending prat though, you might want to work on that. Ooh that sounds awesome! no u It has a button on the wheel such a goog toy!  