Effectiveness and duration of mediction. Okay, so here's the thing. I take 70mg of Vyvanse, which is great. It takes 30-60 minutes to take effect and I can get shit done for 10 hours. Like do the most monotonuos shit with obsessive detail for hours. But as soon as those 10 hours are done, it's like my brain just shuts off. I forget/lose things, I can't hold a train of thought, it frickin sucks. What about everyone else? That's a pretty normal experience when coming down off of amphetamines. I am on 50mg and it takes about 90 min to turn on and then I get a solid 3-4 hours of concentration until it quickly fades and I am back to not focusing on anything and having 0 motivation. 10 hours sounds wonderful compared to that...I need to talk to my doctor. I take 30mg Adderall XR twice a day. The "high" from one dose lasts for about two hours (I have a very high metabolism). During that time I use that motivation to start working on something. Even though work usually takes longer than four hours, I've just kind of learned to deal with the come down and still keep working. It's not as efficient then, but there's not much I can do about it.  I don't have amphetamine crashes anymore. There are a number of reasons why this might be, but it probably lies in the supplements and food I eat. These include L-theanine, l-tyrosine (I'm still learning about how this interacts with stims), GABA, fish oil, b-vitamins, magnesium, valerian root. I have taken a combination of those (alone and in supplement complex form, but never all at the same time!) over the last few months and my sleep and comedowns from the medication have been awesome, few to no ill effects. Tyrosine is great to have when you're not taking a stimulant (though I am still confused if it actually 'helps' tolerance or not) and theanine, fish oil and b-vitamins (perhaps magnesium too) help with the mood.

My problem, however, is how unpredictable stimulant meds are in general, in terms of working or not working. The strange euphoria that first-time non-ADHD abusers like to chase seems to occur randomly for me, but the main focusing effect has never worn off. It's just either there or it's not there some days. Eat a huge meal, that should make you feel better. Medication** My three kids take Vyvanese, Metadate and Concerta. It is very easy to tell when the medication wears off - they get really hyper and lose some self-control. They start chattering, running, jumping around, etc. Yeah. I can take the dry mouth/bad taste, restlessness and tachycardia, but Im not a fan of the let down if you try to take another dose after coming down from the pervious one, do you get any sort of headaches? When I used to take Adderall I could only use it once a day or that would happen to me.  L-tyrosine doesn't help tolerance, per se; it's the rate limiter in the enzymatic reaction that produces dopamine. 

Basically, it means that the step where L-tyrosine is produced is the slowest part of making dopamine; you can only make it as fast as you make L-tyrosine. 

You deplete dopamine precursors when taking stimulants; supplementing with L-tyrosine essentially helps you keep up with the demand for dopamine that amphetamine causes. 

That's a grossly oversimplified version of what's happening, but I hope it helps!  One thing you could try is to lower the dose. You won't get the same level of effect but the comedown should be less severe. Back when I was on vyvanse I found 40mg to be the best compromise. It still helped a lot, but at the end of the day didn't leave me feeling the comedown. Nope. Thankfully I haven't ever gotten a headache from Adderall or from withdrawal.  thank you. I've read so many longecity forum threads my head is spinning. I'm looking into more things that could help me either replace adderall or limit its use 