What's one thing you can count on yourself to forget, lose, not do when you're supposed to or do when you shouldn't? What's your most consistent ADHD quirk? I've been reading in this sub a lot lately about people who lose their cars - drive somewhere, forget they drove, walk back or just can't for the life of them remember where they park.

Then we have the people who often find their missing keys in the refrigerator.

I was watching reality TV last week when the main character was talking about how she consistently ends up running out of gas because she puts it off or doesn't remember to check her gauge.

What's your most consistent ADHD quirk? What one nutty thing can you count on yourself for even though it's always on accident? I've had to pee for like three hours. I keep putting it off for "like one sec" and then I forget until my body reminds me again Blurting things out. Speaking without thinking. Missing social cues. I swear either everyone is really nice or I'm the only one who notices my social ineptitude.

Edit: Losing/forgetting important things. I'm missing either my keys/phone/wallet at any given time.  This one makes me really sick, and is the reason it finally dawned on me that I've probably been ADHD-PI all my life:

When my kid flakes out on his homework, flunks a test, forgets to bring home the test for me to sign, and then eventually forgets to give it back to his teacher... I CAN'T MAKE MYSELF KEEP ON HIS BACK.  I forget to ask him what he's supposed to be doing.  

It's like living my own childhood over, in the worst way.  And then my husband gives me this "what kind of mother are you?" look, and I have no answer.  My phone. Anytime I go to a friends house, I magically lose it and foget it somewhere. Im better at not forgetting it in public, but at someone's house, my brain thinks "safe zone!!!" And I just put it down somewhere.

Edit: Oh and it always takes FOREVER to get out the house. Getting ready is it's own struggle, but when I walk out, even when I'm ready, I end up forgetting something and keep on having to go back and forth to get things. I came out the house 20mins after I was "ready" once and my friend said that that was record breaking speed for me. Haha I constantly try to leave my house without my keys. Thankfully, due to needing to lock up, I don't get very far until I remember. 

Also, I always forget what I was about to do/say. I'll close one app on my phone to check something else but end up staring at my screen until I remember...or not. Same with talking except I'm staring at a person...who either laughs cause it's so you or thinks you're stupid. Damn you, faulty working memory!  To go to bed on time unless I set multiple reminders. Stopping talking even when I know I'm saying too much.

Also, every single school year or semester I start out doing really well and eventually end up having no motivation to do anything. It's been like that since pretty much 1st grade and I'm a sophomore in college now. I will ***always*** misplace my driver's license. Always. It's worse this time though, because my 2 debit cards, 2 credit cards, and 1 Amazon card are also misplaced. No big deal on the credit cards, I pay monthly, but never take them shopping. They've been a.w.o.l. for over a year now and it's reducing my credit card debt. Scissors, TV remotes, pens...anything I sit down on the couch with WILL get lost. One minute it's in my hand, and the next it's gone, sometimes for days.  My glasses , i am always losing them. The very odd part is that my eyesight isn't great either but still i keep losing them. I wish it were that simple. I'm forever forgetting where I  put my keys, wallet, pens, lighters, where I  parked my car, where I left my coffee cup, my slippers...There's always several things a day and I always waste so much time finding crap. I'm always late to stuff..  Not get my meds filled in time and have to go without for a few days. I do this too That's rough, but I would avoid falling into the negative thinking trap. Just because you don't do things the exact way someone expects you to doesn't make you a failure. The memory was what led to me seeing a psych. I thought I had really early onset Alzheimer's! I am exactly the same with school. I always clench nervously, awaiting that moment about halfway through the semester where things just fall apart. Anything that falls in my couch will be not only lost but destroyed, crushed in the moving parts of the footrest.  Nothing small or important is allowed on the couch.   I hung up a bin on the wall for the remote, and keys and wallets have their own special shelf. People talk about getting old, walking into a room and forgetting why they were there with this 'just you wait' sort of tone. That already happens to me, so I just hope it doesn't get worse! I always try to overdo it and do perfect in school the first few weeks and then it ends up all falling apart by october or november. Agreed! The worst is when I'll walk back into a room hoping it triggers the memory, and then it doesn't.  Or worse, it triggers a different sequence of tasks on top of the first sequence of tasks! Yep! 