If you're in the UK - don't forget to vote tomorrow! I only just remembered to make plans so thought I'd remind anyone else who's forgetful like me :) Don't worry if you lose your polling card either, you don't need it. Please UK. The world depends on you.  And please don't do the "right thing" ... there's a bit of hope "left" ;) What? I'd probably only go on an impulse. Thanks for the reminder, but I've spent the last week compulsively refreshing multiple news feeds, polls and analysis for any more information to consume. I'm looking forward to a break. How about we forget (we're good at forgetting, right?) the politics in this thread. Whoever you support you MUST go vote for. It is your civic duty. But lets not judge for different values or priorities. That's my biggest problem. I try to get into a good habit, but I almost always get frustrated because I don't see immediate results. 
 US chiming in. Please vote for whoever is against Trump. I forgot to help with that. :/ [deleted] Really? I didn't get mine in the mail so this is good to know.  Please remember that there are good reasons why sane and kind people would vote for either candidate. Just because people vote differently does not mean they are 'bad' people. Here in the US we already fucked up. Help us UK, you're our only hope. I don't want to *Labour* your point here, but I think it's important to vote for the candidate you feel is the best. Deep down in your... *core* *being*.

You can't go too *far* *wron~~g~~* though. It won't make a difference for us. I've been low-key worrying about this all week, thank you! Unless you live in Northern Ireland, in which case you absolutely need photographic ID! Well put and I wholeheartedly agree  He/she didn't suggest that No matter who they elect, ol' Trump won't listen to them anyway. Is requiring ID to vote racist in Ireland, or just the US? Hence the please remember. Not passing judgement on them at all, just wanting to make a note of the point. As you will have noticed the rhetoric around the US elections and Brexit was quite divisive, with people on both sides forgetting that the reasons people voted the way they did does not necessarily reflect upon a personal failing. There's no racist overtones that I'm aware of. Due to our troubled history in Northern Ireland, electoral fraud rates were historically high. I'm not sure, and currently unable to find out, when we started requiring photographic ID when voting except that it has always been required since I have been able to vote, my first vote being in 2005.

The requirements are easy to meet though. The three main IDs used are a driving license, a passport, or a freely available electoral ID card. 