What common facets of ADHD do you NOT have difficulties with or don't identify with? Just what the title says.

I do not have much trouble with time. When I'm totally zoned out, sure I lose track of time, but I have a fairly good internal clock. I can usually guess the current time within 30 minutes or so and I'm generally where I need to be when I need to be. If anything, I'm likely to be early. I rarely lose track of my keys or wallet, because I compulsively check my pockets any time I leave somewhere or get out of my car. 

Like you, I'm almost never late. I *hate* being late. I think my brain's helped me out with this one. I get nervous before going places. Until diagnosis, I didn't really think anything of it. Now, though? It makes sense. The more important I feel an event is, the more anxious I get before that event. Not because I have to go perform or anything; I get anxious before something as small as going to class. I think this is my mind's way of helping me not be late. I anxiously/compulsively check the clock when it gets anywhere remotely close to my time to leave.

I remember thinking there were more, but that's all I can recall at the moment... Apparently, socialising. I find it easy to pick up on obvious social cues and I empathize easily. It's just really obvious when somebody is just acting *off* and I can usually just play back my last few interactions with them to see why.

I can even tell when I'm boring someone, or dragging a point on too long. I'm not quite so good at actually stopping myself though. "My mind is racing, it just won't slow down for anything!"

I'm the exact opposite of this.  ADHD gives me trouble focusing, but not because it's overloaded.  Quite to the contrary, my mind will just randomly go completely blank. I never had too much trouble in school, especially college. I think it was because I recognised that I did much better with a very full schedule so I took a lot of credits each semester. I had no choice but to stay organized and get my work done. As soon as I have free time, I fall off the wagon and turn into a huge disorganized mess. 

I also don't generally misplace my everyday carry items. My wallet and my keys booth attach to me so it's hard for me to put them down and forget them.  I fall asleep as soon as I hit the pillow.  I'm also 33, generally over-committed, married and with two kids, so that might be a contributing factor. I don't get distracted by my environment very often, I get distracted by my own thoughts (which usually have little to do with my environment). Impulsivity. I am just... not impulsive.  I do feel like it is because I am never prepared for anything (and also I have three kids, so doing anything requires a special amount of effort.)  

I was pretty good at school until age 16/college. I can easily focus on reading - but it may just be hyper focus.   

Honestly, I kind of want to answer this question in two ways - one for "when I am on meds" and the other for "when I am off." The difference is pretty stark.   Spelling, reading and driving. I'm fairly good at all three things.
However, motivation, impulsive speech, losing track of time, daydreaming, forgetting things... sigh. I have worked with ADHD coaches, so I have learned a lot of coping skills. As a result, I am really good at being on time, and reasonable good at keeping track of my belongings. 

The one thing I can do that seems counter to most other ADHD'ers experiences is that I can read for HOURS. I realize that it is probably a function of hyperfocus. But still, leave me alone with a good history book and I am a happy, happy girl.  I'm not hyperactive but can be very impulsive. I don't have that "mind going a million mph" thing either. Unmedicated...I am a slug. I stare off into space and often times have difficulty recalling things because when I zone out..i zone out big time. I'm kind of zoning out right now. Lack of emotional control and willpower. These are actually my two strongest traits.  Impulsivity. I think it's because my anxiety inhibits me a lot. Forgetting stuff. Naturally I am INCREDIBLY disorganised [school made me write lines multiple times for my time management and forgetfulness], but I am the most determined and stubborn person I have ever met, so I tried really hard to fix that, and now because I have reminders on my phone and a physical calendar on my wall and a meal plan on my fridge I'm actually very well organized and I rarely forget stuff.

I'm also combination ADHD, and consequently I am rarely hyperactive. I fidget and fiddle and drift off, but I very rarely need to burn off steam, as it were. I used to be good with sports and exercise, but not anymore. Like you, I am not late and I have a good sense of time. I also didn't struggle in school; the 5% brain power I gave to classes and assignments was normally sufficient since my hyper focus kicked in when reading.  I never lose anything I don't have as much trouble with the social stuff. I mean, I can be introverted and a bit off-putting, but I'm also quite charming. Overall, I'm really good at reading social cues, and I don't think I'm ever inattentive to people's feelings. At least, no one has ever told me so. I have a knack for language which extends to learning foreign languages. Was shocked to learn that many of my ADHD peers struggle with foreign languages. My physician told me people with ADHD are usually terrible drivers and very accident-prone but I found the exact opposite is the case for me. I'm an excellent driver am always fully aware of everything going on around me and have yet to be in any accidents, major or otherwise.

Heck, even when I'm not fully there, for example when I'm sleepy, my brain seems to just sort of drive perfectly fine on autopilot and only jolts me awake when something actually requires my attention. Unfortunately, not much because I am doubly screwed...I have both ADHD AND ADD....it is called the combined type.  Only about 4% of adults have the combined type so I pretty much experience all of it. I'm always early and the only time I forget to take my medication is bc I've run out across a weekend and my pharmacy is closed. I was good at college and can hold down a job. Although I am scared I'll fail grad school. I also never forget to eat/forget I've already eaten and eat again.  Hyperfocus: heard of it, but the closest I've ever come to experiencing it is reading a good book. Being on time.  I'm almost always early.....if I'm late it's because I planned to be for one reason or another.   I also don't have much trouble with time. I'm generally early because I give myself too much time. I also am not very impulsive. When I was a kid, I wasn't crazy, hyper, and ill-behaved like many ADHD/ADD kids. I was relatively calm and definitely well-behaved, just scatterbrained and terribly disorganized.  Ditto with internal clock. Mine's kind of awesome - I'm within 5 minutes almost always when I guess. But I have to take a second to do it, it's like I'm not "facing" my internal clock, I just have it where I can crane my neck to see it if I remember to. Meaning I am unfortunately not generally where I need to be when I need to be.

Keys and wallet are in my pants always; if I change pants they immediately change pockets. Which is a good habit to have (can't believe I have one good habit!) since anything else I put down I'll have to look around for later.

Before being medicated I wasn't sure I have difficulty concentrating, oddly. I have difficulty wanting to concentrate on certain things, is how I saw it. But maybe that's just semantics: I don't think of myself as bored, I think of things around me as being boring. But if my Concerta stare is concentration then no, I wasn't doing a lot of that before. Even off meds, I LOVE paperwork! Like, it's almost a guilty pleasure to do bills or rebates or invoices... Like... It all just makes sense to me and like it. I'm a net sec masters student lol I generally have an excellent sense of time. Specifically how long driving somewhere will take and what time it currently is. 

Oddly, the adderall seems to have compromised that somewhat. I'm extremely clean and organized. I never lose anything because every item I own has a place, and when it's not being used it's in that place. So I always know exactly where everything in my entire house is. Sometimes my boyfriend can call me if I'm gone and be like "hey where are the pins we got from Disneyland?" I could tell him exactly where they were. 

And like I said I am freakishly clean too. I am constantly cleaning my house, but I actually really enjoy doing it so I don't even mind. I just love cleaning and having a clean house! 

Other than that I'm fairly stereotypical for being ADHD: Way forgetful, I zone out a lot, lack of motivation, creative, impulsive, take great offense to criticism, can talk all day long, fidgety, basically anything stereotypical of being ADHD.
 Reading is the actual best thing ever, but this is a hyperfocus activity for me.
I excel at standardized tests for some reason, usually significantly higher than average.
I have a very good memory.
I rarely lose my essential items, but I do lose lots of stuff, so I have doubles, triples, etc. of stupid things.
I've only ever had one traffic ticket, and I successfully fought it.
I don't wear my heart on my sleeve, I'm not easily enamoured by people. 
I'm definitely not easily amused(though I find this is 50/50 for ADHD friends).

BUT
I have absolutely no concept of time when I'm indoors, and any guess would be off by hours. I've done things on time once or twice—not worth the hassle.
I forget to eat, sometimes for a couple of days if there's nobody around who cares about my well being. I am rarely late.  I take pains to be early and make plans far in advance so I can try and create a schedule to stick by.  It irks me to no end when people are late and/or chop and change the plans multiple times at the last minute.  Everything else I've learned about ADHD-PI since being diagnosed describes me rather well. Agreed with you on this one. I am never late - period. I am almost *always* early. Being late gives me massive anxiety.  Reading is the bestest thing ever, but that might be a hyperfocus thing for me (if I want to sleep, I should not start a new book after about 12 noon).

I either undersleep or oversleep, never just-the-right-amount sleep.  Not that sleep refreshes me at all these days (diagnosed with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome for extra fun and frolics).

Not sure about talking too much.  But I *do* ramble so much if I'm not careful. I have a pretty good internal clock, I do lose track of time but almost never when it truly matters. I’m rarely late for appointments and such. But for some reason it seems to be getting worse, I seem more absentminded timewise these days than I was back in school. 


I also don’t usually lose my phone, keys or wallet. 
 I have no problems reading a lot, except when a fiction book jumps around in terms do scenes and characters. And, oddly, I have some trouble finishing ADHD books that specify reading as an issue with people with ADHD. SAME. Such same.  You know, the thought of being late makes me super anxious too. Never thought of it that way.  Similar here. I always put my wallet and keys and such in the same place. Always. If I put them anywhere else, they are lost. I've managed to never lose my keys, and only lost my wallet once. Though that was not due to putting it down, but due to it falling out of my pocket one time. Now I chain my wallet to myself twice. That bastard isn't going anywhere.

and with the lateness. I hate being late. But I know if I set off "on time", I will always be late. If I set off early, I always have a chance to be late. I always aim to get there early, which means setting off earlie than early. That way, when I'm inevitably late, I'm on time. I lose stuff, but being late, I'm never ever late. For some reason I have a crazy sense of time.  i do this...but the anxiety is so bad that THAT makes me late. It is not awesome. Every time I put on a pair of pants. *wallet-keys-phone-wallet-keys-phone* I used to loose my phone all the time until I developed that compulsive feeling. I get anxious before stuff like that too. It's the worst with major changes like the upcoming start/end of a semester, an upcoming move, etc. Then I just get a general feeling of dread for nearly 4-6 weeks in advance. But stuff like going to class, going shopping for groceries, appointments, etc. Anything planned in advance usually comes with some anxiety 20-90 mins before. Hello, me. Same, I consider my ADHD fairly useful when I'm interacting with others... Of course there's the occasional lapse in focus in which I'll drift away from the conversation, but it's easily remedied with honesty. 

I've never had a problem with keeping tidy either... Generally at least. I usually use cleaning/tidying as a procrastination method so when all my other shit falls behind my room/apartment is spotless lol 
 > I can even tell when I'm boring someone, or dragging a point on too long

I definitely do this, but the problem I have is when I notice that, my mind can't carry on both that observation and the story I was telling, so I will either completely forget what the hell the point of my story was, or get so distracted that I end up dragging the story out even longer. :( >I can even tell when I'm boring someone, or dragging a point on too long. I'm not quite so good at actually stopping myself though.

ERMAGHERD, THIS!!!

I totally know I'm boring them, or they've lost interest, but I just keep going. Sometime's I'll even go as far as to make some sort of joke about it, but I just keep going and going and going.... >I'm not quite so good at stopping myself though 

Oh God, this. Sometimes I realise I've been talking way too much,  or saying inappropriate stuff, but I almost feel like I can see myself from the outside continuing talking while a little voice in my head begs me to stop.  I pick up on them too but not always in time. Especially if I'm really into something at the moment. I flip between overload and this blankness.  The blank is the overload. Think of it like all the power surging through an electric system, and it becomes too much for the fuse. Suddenly everything stops working.

I think it's the ADHD fuse. It just turns everything off when it becomes too much.
and by too much, it doesn't even have to really be anything. It's not necessarily stress or anxiety or depression. It's just too many unconscious thoughts to process. I'm the same way. I think our minds really are racing, we just don't consciously notice. For some people, it manifests as thoughts they're aware of. 

Kind of like a computer. Some people have all the programs running in the foreground, some people have all of them running in the background. Either way though, you're still taking up the same amount of RAM with unnecessary trash.  Weird, I always assumed this was one of the core symptoms that everyone would have. The being able to go "completely blank" is something I've always envied of "normal" people.

PS: I promise this isn't a snide comment implying you don't actually have ADHD, I was just genuinely surprised. I always do best under pressure too.

I'm obsessive about where my wallet and keys are.  Lucky I dream ... Or don't dream I guess... Of being Able to sleep as soon as I lay down I am not particularly impulsive either and school was easy til 16. I actually didn't show any adhd signs until 16. I also think this has a little to do with maturity. I think some symptoms appear to "fade" after we've had a couple of decades to figure out how to manage life better. My impulsivity comes out if I'm pretty stressed, but these days I'm too cautious if anything. Driving is a problem for me because I speed everywhere, partly because I'm always running late. I just hate going the speed limit. "Fucking drive, dude!" Are ADHD normally bad at those things? I'm fairly great at all three. Like I've bragged about how good I am at those before. Weird. >I can read for HOURS. I realize that it is probably a function of hyperfocus

I'm kind of the same way but it needs to be a book that I'm super into... If I'm not interested I'll struggle getting through it. Kind of supports your hyperfocus theory I suppose

It's funny though, I usually prefer books with shorter chapters... For some reason I find long chapters daunting, even if I was planning on reading for a couple hours Me too. Always have been like that. Book hyperfocus I guess!  Yeah reading has never been an issue for me... Although I think that's different because I love reading.  Generally I'm able to hyper focus on something if I'm interested/ or have some kind of vested interest in focusing on it  That's an interesting way to think about it. I'm a giant pile of inhibitions, myself, and tend to be very slow to do anything bc I can't make up my mind/am afraid to do anything.  >but I am the most determined and stubborn person I have ever met

Then get back on the exercise and set some goals for yourself! A cool one I have is to see how high I can get my max heart rate this year- so far I've done low-180s :P Really simple and you only need 60 mins a week for it. Me either!!!!! And on the rare occasion I *do* lose something, it drives me mad. Literally to the point of insanity. I just won't be able to think about anything else! 

Heck, like three months ago I lost my favorite hat and I *still* think about it like every now and then. And it makes me mad each time! Haha Yeah, same here. In undergrad I majored in Chinese. And in high school I was world language student of the year for kicking ass in both Spanish and French classes. > I also never forget to eat/forget I've already eaten and eat again.

My understanding is that this is a facet of stimulant medication, not ADHD itself. I definitely had more problems in grad school than I did in college, but a lot of that was fallout from some family disasters.  Just go in with a support network and check to see what your school offers for academic support, etc.  It took me a semester or so to swallow my pride and apply for "disability" accommodations; one of the best moves I ever made. (This was law school though - I don't know what other grad-level programs are like.) Can relate, most of the time, I'm too early Lol me too! I think its because it's so mindless that you don't have to focus too hard, paperwork is the only type of work I can get done efficiently Oooooooh and organizing. I love me some organization.
 I took an accounting class in high school, and there was nothing more pleasurable than entering numbers into nice, neat columns, checking to make sure information on different documents all matched up, and balancing accounts. Zen. are you me? Weird thing is, I never even associated it with being nervous that I was going to be late. There were nerves when I was/came close to being late to something, and then separately (or so I thought) there was just general anxiety before going somewhere. With that second scenario, there was just something about being all ready and dressed. I would sit and nervously anticipate the appropriate time to leave. During that time, I couldn't concentrate on a thing. Yeah yeah, I know; but it was worse than usual! 

Recently, I got to thinking about little coping mechanisms I've developed. I started thinking about weird little quirks, and tried to make sense of them. For this particular quirk, that's the solution I came to. 

Since I've started treatment, I've noticed that if I have an appointment I simply wait until the appropriate time to leave, meanwhile doing little tasks like redditing or cleaning up a bit. During that time, I noticed that I have NO anxiety. Noticing that for the first time was an *incredibly* bizarre experience.  Yeah the anxiety that occurred in response to avoiding typical adhd symptoms is what I went to a doctor for in the first place. Took me a while to find a doc that cared enough to get to the bottom of it! Oh god, this!! I get so ridiculously paranoid that I'm forgetting something, do I have everything, is everything turned off, I'd better check this thing, shit shit shit I need that other thing, do I really need it though? I'd better check if that's off. Ok it's off. Is it *really* off though? Better check one more time. Being OCD is definitely not awesome. >I usually use cleaning/tidying as a procrastination method so when all my other shit falls behind my room/apartment is spotless lol  

Hah, me too! I once had a Spanish final to study for. Instead of studying, I organized all the sheets from a daily space calendar (pictures of galaxies in one pile, Jupiter in another). Something I'd wanted to do, but only got myself to do because it was either that or study! Yes yes yes this is the absolute worst  I used to do this when I was a server... I would realize after a bit that I had been talking for so long and didn't get the hint that people wanted me to leave. Always made me feel soooo awkward!  It's embarrassing, you know they noticed, and you wonder if they think/know you're a bit off, and yet we keep doing it.  [deleted] Omg thank you for explaining this.  > The blank is the overload. Think of it like all the power surging through an electric system, and it becomes too much for the fuse. Suddenly everything stops working.

It's really extremely different.  When I take Vyvanse, *then* my mind is racing at a million miles per hour.  Without it my mind is at a crawl.  It's: I don't want to think about this.  Or anything.  And then blank.  I spend a lot of time meditating- I can recognize the difference between full and empty very well. I've been wondering that myself. But how would you prove it? My boyfriend hits the pillow and he's out. Sometimes it takes me an hour. I'm so envious of people who can just flip the switch like that.  Exact same here :P Most current theory is that adhd causes cumulative neorological damage and that's why the symptoms get worse- and I'd agree with that. Went from some of the best results in my year, with a max score in the english finals, to deferring college for a year. Some of the top f1 drivers are pretty impulsive- depends how you define good :) They might be the best but don't think the journey would be the safest (Hamilton speeding in france and getting caught for doing donuts in australia springs to mind) Well a lot of ADHD people also have dyslexia. And I've read people on this subreddit complaining about driving and reading problems (reading for any length of time, not being unable to read).  Yeah. Sometimes I wish I experienced that side effect. But Concerta never did shit for me and other meds are only marginally better It really sucks that there seems to be such a prevalence of ignorance when it comes to ADHD, even in the medical field. 

I'm sorry it took so long for you to find someone competent, but I'm glad you got to the root of the problem!  The panic of fuck I'm boring them leads me to fuck up the telling of story/whatever I'm boring them with. Leading to more general awkwardness.  It's also kind of hilarious when you think about it though I still get that backing down from life, but in the opposite way. The blank mind is such a palce of peacefulness, that I never want to leave it. SO i do everything I can to stay there, and nothing else gets done.

Also not a good way of life. But then that's why ths stuff is a disorder, eh?

*hugs for all* Honestly if It's like a fucking super power I get mixed up when I type, because my brain seems to be going faster than my fingers and I'll jump a few letters ahead... But as for reading, I am amazing. I read really quickly and efficiently.  [deleted] Seriously!! Honestly if I could pick one superpower, I would have to think hard about whether to pick that as mine. It would definitely be a top contender.  I couldn't have said it any better myself. 