I’m always doing things at the last minute. Even if I had plenty of time and am actually prepared, there is inevitably something I forgot.  story of my life. even with lists, alarms, proper reminders, meds..  This might well be the one scenario that *everybody* with ADHD relates with.  This. When I get ready to leave somewhere I must look crazy constantly repeating all the items I need to bring, and pacing around the house looking for said items until I inevitably forget what I was looking for and have to start all over.  I find I need the adrenaline to get things done.  I've noticed that I have subconsciously created mechanisms to deal with it before I knew about the condition, for example I only give myself the absolute minimum time from my alarm going off to me leaving the house, I know I can't get distracted one bit or I will be late.

I What's the neuroscience behind this? What's going on in our brains?  I think the only way this gets better for me is establishing something into a routine and keeping it that way.  But if I do it out of order - forget it!   I had 5 days of no school to catch up on my studying and work. the first four days I did absolutely nothing. I did try to start studying but I couldn't, I keep getting distracted. I can't keep my focus on what I need to learn. It sucks , It makes me depressed. I feel like Im messing up my opportunity in life to become a somebody. It hurts mentally and emotionally. This is week I decided to finally speak with someone about it, I hope I don't make myself look like a fool.  My Google Keep is full of reminders and notes, I just ignore them when they ring out the notification.

I need to change goddamnit. I have this problem. Stress (adrenaline) is a huge driver in getting things done; anxiety totally ruins any ability to do anything.  This is a great question.  I’d like to know too! ADHD—dopamine  I don't know about neuroscience. I watched a Barkley video where he explains this.

Normal people can motivate themselves to work on a task one of two ways: emotionally (interest, anger, fear), or intellectually-- by deciding we should do so.

People with ADHD cannot effectively motivate themselves this latter way. 

If you have to write a long, boring paper that is due in a month and you think "I should do this. Ok here I go!" nothing happens for the ADHD person. When it becomes emotional (*oh crap this is due tomorrow I am totally screwed!!*) then we are motivated.

It was something along those lines anyway. Oh god, same. My partner used to yell at me for leaving the door unlocked after taking the dog out. I found that I had to build muscle memory for "take leash off dog, close door, **lock door**, hang up leash, remove shoes." If I do those steps out of order, or if I'm doing anything else during that process, like juggling mail or looking at my phone or watch, I'll forget to lock the door.   I do the same. 

We had a primary growing up that my mom was very close w/ and she tried telling her I had ADHD, my mom refused to believe it. I feel due to not getting a diagnosis until adulthood it really put those dismissive behaviors on the front line and now I’m “stuck in my ways” - if that makes sense. 

I try to make to-do lists, rank importance and tell myself “if I get x amount done today I’ll be okay”. And honestly, the bare minimum helps me feel as if I’ve achieved.  Muscle memory, yes! And the order of things is crucial.  If my SO asks me to make sure I do something after something else, I say sure, but help me remember the next few times until it’s routine.  He’s usually pretty good about it but I think it gets to him sometimes.  It makes sense and I relate to it. I am in college now and I suspect I have ADHD. I just wish my parents have taken me to a psychiatrist just for evaluation in my childhood. Things would be very different for me now. What would we ever do without patient partners? Have you tried getting a diagnosis as an adult, or is that not an option for you?  I'm trying now. Gonna see a second doctor since the first one couldn't do an "official diagnosis".

Don't ask why, shitty country. 