What does he see in me (rant) I honestly can't understand why my fiance is still with me after almost seven years. He gets mad at me, a lot. He says I never listen to him. My impulsivity annoys him. The fact that I ask the same thing over and over because I can't remember anything gets on his nerves. The fact that I lose things so much astounds him. I love him so much, but I feel like I'm not good enough.

It's not just with him. I don't belong with people. I don't fit in. I make constant mistakes at work. I made one yesterday and got screamed at by a customer today for it. I piss everyone off at work. I can't read social cues. I feel like every single time I have to remind someone that I have ADHD it comes across as an excuse, rather than an explanation. I have to apologize so much they probably see them as meaningless. My whole life is basically just one big apology.

I don't really deserve to be here. I'm not good enough for it. I really just deserve to die. I won't kill myself, but I wish that something would just end me. I wish I would just die in my sleep. Then I wouldn't have to deal with the anxiety, the depression, the rejection dysphoria, or the fact that I'm a stupid nobody that will only be a burden on others. 

I don't understand why hes with me at all. I think he should just leave me and find someone better. It wouldn't be too hard. Things would be easier if I could just live on a planet by myself. Gotta bring the fiancé to therapy.  It’s so much better when you have a coach helping you thru the journey together. 

My wife helped me with initially getting meds. Scheduled it all, if I remember right.  I handle it now that I’m on meds.

Holy crap life off meds sucks.  I’m not going there again.   Does your fiancé offer you emotional support with the issues you‘re struggling with? Does he encourage you? Does he console you when you feel defeated? Or does he only interact with you as you’ve described? If so, imo you deserve someone better, someone who loves you so much that he doesn’t *want* you to feel inadequate and will do things to make you feel better and help you with your executive function issues. You certainly deserve someone who doesn’t cause you to feel you need to prove you’re worthy of his love. A partner should be a safe space. 

(Obviously boundaries are important, and I’m not saying someone should uncomplainingly accept all the consequences of their partner’s executive function issues, but anyone who repeatedly shames their partner for something isn’t a good partner.) A few things to consider: (especially #3)

1) how much of this is real and how much of it is a negative thought loop. It’s very difficult, but if you can, try to pull yourself away and get some perspective. Don’t be afraid to separate yourself from your brain. A big turning point for me was actively saying “I know *thing*, but my brain wants me to believe *negative thing*” 

2) of what is real, how much of it comes from lack of honest and compassionate communication. Find a time when you are relatively calm and write down what you want your fiancé to understand, ways that he can help you be a better partner, and also ways that he can be a better partner to you. If that doesn’t work maybe try counseling or finding some other type of unbiased mediator

3) get treatment. Set a reminder (possibly a recurring one) in your phone right now for a time when you will be available to make the appointment as soon as it goes off. Text a reliable person (or several) right now, ask them to remind you too. Put post it notes on top of important things so you have to see them before you can get whatever it’s on (keys, toothbrush, glasses, whatever it takes). 

Just know that even though you are struggling, you are worth all of it. Good luck, I truly hope you are able to get the help and support you need and find peace in your life  do you have a counselor? do you get treatment for ADHD?  Cheers! I'm the same! Only... Dumber. 😓 It’s hard to see clearly (our heads lie to us sometimes), but I bet there are so many wonderful things about you that you’re not able to see right now. I know that I really struggle with black and white thinking, so when things are bad it seems like a) they’re 100% bad and b) that they’ll be bad forever. While you’re waiting to get into your counselor (soon!), can you distract yourself with something for a couple of hours? Something to eat and a walk outside are also always good ideas.  Not right now. I know I should but I forget to make the appointments until I can't afford to do anything until my next paycheck. you need a counselor ASAP. where do you live? if you DM where you are, i will find a community mental health clinic you can go to on a sliding fee. PLEASE do not wait, you sound both depressed and super low self esteem. 😔 I do have one that I've been going to. It's not expensive, but like now, for instance, I don't have the $30 copay. I won't until Tuesday where I'll likely forget until it's too late-like everything else-to make the appointments that I've been meaning to make.

I'm 23 and living on my own is killing me. It's a better decision than living at home where it's basically a warzone with my mother and sisters, but the stress of not living up to what I should when I have my own house is hard. I don't think I'm ready for the responsibility of an adult. I've been getting better, and the last time I saw my therapist (to be officially rediagnosed as an adult) she said I cope really well with it, but socially I suck so much. I feel like they all really just hate me. I may be able to barely hold together my finances and remember the bare minimum of really important things, but the struggle of pretending that I fit in with people is killing me. I also can't do the medication because it makes me feel so tired it's like I'm dying even at the smaller doses.

If I could just remember to play the role of a normal person when I'm around others things wouldn't be so bad. But I forget. I forget that I don't belong until it blows up in my face. And then I feel like this. I get embarrassed about who I am. I feel nothing but shame. I'll try to remember to make an appointment tomorrow morning for next week sometime, maybe. But will a therapist actually help? if you talk about your shame, yes, i think you can start to feel better. i moved out when i was 17 because my brother used me as a punching bag. there was a steep learning curve (as my mom had ASD and was deficient in most executive functioning skills. she was brilliant, but didnt know how to clean out her fridge or organize her jewelry). once you start to feel less isolated, you can let go of the shame a bit and stop assuming others hate you. remember that we see the world as WE ARE, not AS IT IS.  [these books ](https://tinyurl.com/y7lpfp7f)  have been super helpful in our house for dealing with EFS issues.  