Did you ever forgot something essential, or got distracted by yourself and forgot about your basics needs? (like eating, going out without shoes/underwear...) I am always afraid since I am young to go out and forget something essential...I have forgotten many things in the past but this morning I surpassed myself!

This morning I went into the shower and FORGOT TO WASH! Sometimes I discourage myself...

What are you afraid to forget or what's the worst you ever forgot?
 What's the worst I've ever forgotten? I'd tell you, but I literally forgot. I empathize deeply though. Best I can muster is forgetting to put tomato sauce in my pot roast. It brings the whole dish up a notch and it never occurred to me until I got asked "Did you put tomato sauce in this?". A lot of cooking stuff now that I think about it. Preheating the oven, buttering a tray or pan, must have ingredients, etc.

Edit: I'm making chili and I just noticed the power cord has been unplugged for the last 2 hours. I’ve gone out so many times wearing a kitchen apron because I forgot to get an ingredient and realized mid cooking and just forgot to take my apron off. I remember being 8-9 and putting on my tights but not my skirt after PE class. I spent like two hours walking around like this and didn't notice anything until somebody told me. More recently I used to forget to take off my slippers and put on my shoes, but I stopped doing that when I bought cool shoes that I really like I constantly forget homework and packing my lunch. My grades and wallet suffers. Yup. Last week was rough for me, so I basically forgot to shower or change clothes most days. Forgot to brush. Fortunately I remembered to eat, but because my sleep schedule was messed up my eating schedule was too so some days I may have eaten less than normal.

This week I'm getting back into normalcy. I woke up on time and managed to leave without going beck to bed! I'm most afraid of sleeping through my alarm, which has happened many times before.  I regularly forget to eat. It's not out of the ordinary for me to go all day without eating, or even longer if my kids are away for the weekend and therefore not asking for food, which is what usually reminds me I should eat. I've also forgotten to go to work (my schedule changed weekly so my days off also changed). Just focus on level 1 things.

Like keys, phone, wallet.

The rest is just bonus.

Try put things "in the way", so you run into it next morning.

Have 2X Important stuff.

I have 2 car keys, 2 creditcards etc.

When I travel (alone) I have 3 of everything. I forget to eat A LOT!It’s not that I don’t enjoy food it’s more a time and money thing.I just ordered some protein powder and am excited to go grocery shopping(hopefully) today. Like using rad new 3D modelling software to map my new backpack pockets so I have an assigned place for everything? 

Keys check wallet check id check glasses check headphones check. Even a spot just for gum. 

Two weeks later I realised there is no assigned space for lunch - basically the only reason i need a backpack?!! 

Edit words Once, I was going out to eat at a restaurant with my sister and some friends. We get to the restaurant and my sister steps out of the car - with bare feet. She forgot to put shoes on.

We didn’t want to drive all the way back, as we had friends inside who were already seated at a table and waiting for us. Instead, because I had sneakers and socks on, I lent her my socks. We then shuffled her into the restaurant and nobody noticed. Sisters are great :D I always forget. I have to rely on my subconscious mind for these things. I’ve also just forgotten to finish shaving my legs in the shower so many times. I’ll be getting ready for a date or something and put in a dress and realize one of my legs still looks like a gorilla  Yep. 5 and forgot underwear with wrap around green skirt. Have never forgotten the feeling of shame i got when the skirt blew up. Forgot to tell psych this when i was getting diagnosed as an adult but yep.  Yeah i I'm proceeding like that for most of the things in my life, as you said it work well! My friends tell me I'm the most organized unorganized they know cause of that haha 😅 but honestly for the shower it was a first...forgot to shave of wash my hair sometimes but never my entire body haha don't know to "trick" that so i don't forget next time haha any suggestions are welcome ! (If there's any !) 