This fucking insomnia is about to make me fucking lose it I can't take this bullshit anymore. My Vyvanse suddenly started takin making me me stay wide the fuck awake till like 6 in the morning. I tried everything. Melatonin, taking it at as early as possible, using only half the pill, every bullshit fucking idea I've seen passed around this goddamn sub, none of this garbage works, I stopped taking it for a year and tried it again today and here I am it's 3 in the *fucking* morning and I'm wide awake in bed trying TO GO TO FUCKING SLEEP

I hate this fucked up body nature game me so much and I'm about to actually fucking lose it and just like, down enough sleeping pills to just make it fucking stop forever. I'll *never* be happy with this awful fucking condition. The only reason I survive the next day from staying up so late is more medicine....  Yeah. Insomnia is... well, you put it very well yourself!

Did anyone say anything about hydration? I had awful insomnia when I didn't drink enough when I was on dexamphetamine or vynase (in the UK it's called elvanse, in case UK users are dropping in)

I aimed for 3L of liquids a day. I didn't normally hit it, but having a "moon" aim meant I got "stars" results which did the trick. I included tea in that 3L allowance. You can technically include coffee (in hospital we do when keeping an eye on fluid input and output of patients) but maybe avoid caffeine altogether after lunch.

I found a straw bottle and using squash/flavour/syrup worked very well for me. I had one for work and one for home. If you can keep squash at work even better.

Have you spoken with your Adhd therapist about this? Maybe you need a dose tweak or a different medication? I've been working graveyard shift for ten years or so.  I don't know about vyvanse, but I definitely know about insomnia.

Melatonin used to work.  When it stopped being as effective, I started using Benadryl.  Then it was a combination of both, and that sorta worked for many many years, until the last year when I spoke to my GP about it and she wrote me a scrip for Ambien.

And that worked awesome when I saved it for emergencies.  Then I started taking stimulants for the ADHD, first Adderal ER and now Ritalin, and I'm using the Ambien nearly every day and I think it's starting to lose its effectiveness, so I need to figure something out quick.

It's anecdotal, but regular exercise definitely keeps my sleep a little more regular.  I like to mountain bike, and when I'm riding a couple times a week my sleep is better.  Not perfect, but better.

One other thought - is it possible you have sleep apnea, or anything else impacting the quality of your sleep (when you can sleep, that is)?  Insomnia causes *and is caused by* exhaustion, so if the sleep you are managing to get is crappy, maybe you ought to see a sleep therapist.  

Hope some of that helps.  I know right where you're at, and it's maddening.  I feel your pain. Same here man had 2 hours of shut-eye tonight, im on dexamphetamine.

Hard manual labour would probably make me sleep  like a baby but I've got an office job, exercise helps but it's not a miracle drug. 

Does the lack of sleep wear you down or is it the looming prospect of staring at the ceiling all night?

I try to reason that if i can't sleep i probably don't need it that bad. 

 sees this post.. looks at clock... oh 5:48 am cool, cool cool cool. Please don't give up hope. I am on the same meds and have type 1 diabetes as well. I know you said you tried everything I was making some real progress with the Philips Wake-Up Light Alarm Clock with Colored Sunrise Simulation and Sunset Fading Night Light, White (HF3520) before work had me going 12+hr days for 2-3 weeks straight, now im all over the place.  I set the sleep to an hour and turn off all the other lights, make a sleepy time tea and start reading a book thats not TOO interesting but still not mindless. It was starting to work, but here I am 6 am and needing to be at work in 4 hrs. I feel you, Im sorry, im here to listen if you need someone to vent to. You're not alone.  That is the worst worst worst. I know it doesn’t help now but I have to get exercise, ie hard cardio, in the evening to sleep well w Vyvanse. On days when I know that won’t happen sometimes I just don’t take it.  https://old.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/9wn6zp/adhd_and_my_insomnia_i_fixed_it/

Take a look at this post I made friend. Low dose methylphenidate can save your ass if it works like it does for me. It may be worth considering to discuss with your doctor.

I know exactly what you're talking about, I am basically resistant to even heavy downers.

Do not touch some Seroquel bullshit as suggested. There is a good reason why AstraZeneca was slapped with a 500 million dollar fine for falsely marketing it. I'm the opposite. My hyperactivity gives me insomnia. I used to just stay awake until I pass out, now I take a 5mg adderall at 7:45 and usually fall asleep around 9, 9:30. The only problem now is that I wake up around 1 unable to fall back asleep :/ Trying to convince my doc I need a night time dose, or get an XR to take at bedtime. I haven’t had normal sleep in years. I’ve tried EVERYTHING. Drugs, RX and OTC. Changing the A.D.D. Meds, Times, and various dosing, Supplements, Benadryl, NyQuil, warm milk, alcohol, even Ambian.  I’ve changed beds, mattresses, pillows, bedrooms, tv on, tv off, sound machine, meditation, exercise, baths, massage, sauna, walking, reading, counting sheep... NOTHING works for me. After fifty years of this shit, I’ve finally settled for being content with getting 4 hours of sleep a night. When I awake, I go ahead and get up. That’s when my day starts. It ends 20 hours later when I go back to sleep. I will probably die younger than others in my age group, but I’m not worrying about it any longer. And I’m definitely NOT advocating this system for ANYONE! zzzzzz One thing you may want to examine is mineral imbalances (likely excess copper/low zinc). 

If you google "zinc sleep" and "zinc adhd" studies will be there showing benfits of zinc supplementation on both of these. 

I think the reason is because zinc, when taken with a meal, competes with copper for absorption. 

Copper is used by your body to create dopamine beta hydroxolese, which turns dopamine into norepinephrine. If you have all that NE swirling around sleeping will be very difficult. Not only that, you now have less dopamine since it is being all used up.

Of course, I recommend seeing a doctor to see if you are imbalanced.

However, the studies i saw which experimented with zinc supplementation in adhd people found adhd people were more likely to have higher copper/zinc ratios, so it may be safe to try small zinc supplementation for a week or 2 and see if anything happens. The reason you dont want to go crazy with this is because after a lot of zinc supplementation you will deplete your copper too much, which is also bad.

Personally I noticied increased sleep time and sleep efficiency after just 10 days. I just did this on my own so i dont want to go too long since if i do, i will deplete my copper levels too much.

My doctor told me to go test for hyperthyroidism, since that can contribute to poor sleep as well. I am getting tested tomorrow so cant provide personal success/failure story, but it may be worth exploring this also.

Hope this helps. Boy do I have the drug for you. The heavy hammer that is seroquel. its the only thing that works for me. From its urban dictionary page: 

It's a potent drug that's prescribed to people with bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, major depressive disorder, insomnia, and anxiety. It doesn't work for everyone. Your doctor will probably prescribe you 25mg to start off with. Warning- it's kind of scary the first time. This isn't like buying some sleeping aids, or taking Benadryl, or Ambien. Give it 30 min to an hour and you're going pass the f out.

For some reason, pill-pushing doctors will tell you that you can take it in the morning and at night. I've been taking it for 10 years and there's no way in hell I'm going to take it during the day. The highest I can go is 200mg. Also, talk to your doctor about prescribing you Lexapro. It's a great antidepressant match for Seroquel and you'll no longer be a demon bitch when you wake up in the mornings, because seroquel makes you a foul and crazed jerk every morning.

HOWEVER....... 
Let me tell you WHY I've been on it for 10 years. The bad? Because now my body doesn't know how to sleep without it. But you know what? I DON'T CARE. Why? Cause I am guaranteed a good night's rest every single night of my life. Freaking out about bills? Pass out. Work stressing you out? Pass out. Got dumped and you can't stop freaking the hell out? Pass out. Did a bunch of blow and need to work in the morning? Pass out.

You are GUARANTEED sleep, no matter what the day served you on its shitty platter. 
I mean yeah, so I'm groggy in the mornings. But you know what? I slept. https://old.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/9wn6zp/adhd_and_my_insomnia_i_fixed_it/

Please look at this if you want to actually look at this from, let's say, a healthier perspective. Seroquel is a toxic piece of shit drug, and I know I probably don't need to tell you that. I have a love/hate relationship with seroquel. People have to decide what’s best for themselves. For me it’s the only thing that works and I do more damage by not sleeping and becoming cracked out than taking a tiny 12.5mg dose of seroquel once a night. Insomnia does a lot of damage to the body too.  Yeah, best keep doses low. Though, the adverse effects of Seroquel, which include things like risk for diabetes, are not all dose dependent.
Some people have had serious health problems from even 25mg doses, but it would be unlikely to happen for most people.
A 12.5mg dose may be fine. I’ve always been curious as to whether risk of developing type II diabetes is increased on atypical antipsychotics when controlling for diet and genetic factors. Because there’s a difference between taking seroquel, being vegan, and keeping added sugar/saturated fat intake low and still developing type II diabetes and taking seroquel and having poor health habits and developing type II diabetes. If you can have no genetic risk factor and eat healthy and exercise and seroquel still increases your risk substantially then that’s a huge consideration. But if you eat healthy and exercise and can take seroquel without change in risk then that’s not too bad.  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4653966/

This should be helpful.

"The newer antipsychotic drugs increase weight to different degrees and this contributes to the differing relative risk of insulin resistance, dyslipidaemia and hyperglycaemia."

"Taking quetiapine contributes to a significant risk of metabolic complications, often in patients with a number of other cardiovascular lifestyle risk factors such as smoking. Patients need to be monitored for these adverse effects."

"There is an increased risk of sudden cardiac death with antipsychotics, with an aggregate adjusted risk–incidence ratio for newer antipsychotics of 1.59 for low-dose and 2.86 for high-dose therapy."

But that's just me butchering it. You should really read more about this but don't freak yourself out over it.

Quetiapine 50mg-100mg (insomnia) for me caused internal bleeding (bruised up legs in the morning and nose bleeds) so I had to stop it for that reason.
Switched to low dose doxepin, which is only an antihistamine at 3-6mg, then on top of that I take methylphenidate 5-10mg at bed time and it just works for me.

On quetiapine, I'll add that I was so drowsy that I could walk 50-100 meters before I was out of breath during the next day. I could barely understand where I was and what I was doing, and was feeling very hostile towards everything.
Those were some serious damn side effects for me.

I eat a ketogenic diet which has done wonders for me, but I feel that it may have something to do with the severity of my reactions. 