I feel like an eternal child Just missed an awesome climbing and camping trip I'd been planning for a week because I was too stupid to realize they were saying we were leaving at 4:20 AM not PM. So this weekend is going to be one long episode of me hating myself. It's going to come in handy someday, I swear...  I too have done this. Don’t beat yourself up, another will come around. Sucks that you were looking forward to it but, try not to let it eat you up. That easier said than done. I’m sorry!  24hr time is a lifesaver for me. I feel like my stimulants are my "adult" pills. my family missed out on these amazing opera tickets I got for them because I entered the event on the wrong line in my calendar, so we showed up at the theatre an entire week late... 

these things happen to all of us. don’t feel too bad! just use it to help you make sure you triple-check all the dates and times when you’re making plans.  So I see they are weed enthusiasts :) I’m always getting times messed up from not listening/ reading properly. Its frustrating and I’m bummed on you’re behalf. Sounded like a fun trip. Btw, don’t beat yourself up too much please, it’ll make a crappy day worse. You’re not an idiot, this stuff just happens. We just gotta do our best and forgive ourselves for our mistakes.  Sometimes I don't even need to misunderstand the timing of things to fuck them up. I just need to neglect to make proper use of my time keeping devices since I don't have one built in. 

The amount of shit I've missed and gotten into trouble with simply from forgetting to set an alarm is...alarming. I would have ended up sleeping in accidentally after staying up late packing and prepping only to forget to set my alarm.

It pains me that most of the times I fuck something up, I actually put the work in, I just didn't follow through properly. Like all the times I've slaved over a paper or project all night only to forget to save it or actually bring it to class... I feel like you won this one--4:20 am to go dangle precariously in the wilderness, risking life and limb? Yeah, self-hating actually sounds better.  
I know. It sucks. Shit happens esp with ADHD. Doesn't make you bad or stupid. It just is. 

Maybe be pissed for a bit but why wreck your free time?

Maybe tap into your spontenaiety and do something else that is cool and interesting?

Learn something new? Find something to obsess about for a couple days? I feel you. Physically I’m 20 years old but mentally I’m probably like fuckin 14 I stg I do shit like this all the time. I'm 27. You can't drive to meet them? Do you not know the destination? In the meantime I just need to *stop complaining and making excuses* because I'm actually a genius! I just need to realize it and *work harder!* /s 

I appreciate the 'optimism', Mother, but, this shit isn't just all about having potential and being 'gifted' lol.   Oh god, if it ever does plz let me know. I can’t imagine a scenario.  Can confirm.  Oh man, moving to a place that runs on 24hr time has been a game changer for me. Total lifesaver. I mean we're climbers so yeah but that was more just how far I was from them. I'm a college student and haven't gotten my license. I looked through a couple options. Nothing really available. It's seriously painful to hear, because you NEVER feel like a genius. I've been told all my life I seem like I think I'm better than everyone but I've always felt the opposite. I was so sure through all of highschool and a good part of college that I was just lazy and/or mentally retarded  It's a little morbid, but it reminds me of Seth MacFarlane missing his plane on 9/11 because his travel agent (I think) told him the wrong time for his flight. 

So, who knows, could save someone's life one day. Was that rhyme intentional? I always felt like a mentally handicapped person who figured out how to speak well enough to convince others that I know what's going on most of the time. 

Most of high school and college was me thinking: "*Excellent*, they have no idea how little I know about what's happening or how distracted I am by the music in my head. I few more nods and verbal acknowledgements of comprehension and one more casual laugh and I'll skate through this interaction in no time." 

I also felt like a super lazy person who was really good at fooling myself and others into thinking and feeling like I cared. I did care, but, my behavior would've had you think otherwise.  Omg, people say that to me too! Especially my own parents! Like, I may act like a defensive ass but I feel like absolute trash most of the time. Lol nope didn’t see it til you pointed it out.  