How many other late-diagnosis ADHDers don't have some of the problems that plague others? My brain is totally disorganized, and I definitely have a lot of ADHD symptoms, but for me, personal relationships are not a problem, I don't forget to do half of something (makeup, shaving, just as an example, because I was just reading that post!), I am rarely ever late, because I make sure to leave early so I don't get the anxiety of being late. Things like that. 

I imagine it is because I have developed coping techniques for these things, or because of actual personality traits that bypass this.

For one thing, I seem to have OCD Tendencies, which includes things like having to touch things with both hands, rubbing them together and such to make it feel "even" or if I've turned clockwise, I have to turn counter-clockwise to feel even.

And for relationships, I throw myself into them whole-heartedly, though my last one, it didn't stay that way after several years, but that was because of other issues.

What ADHD-related problems have you managed to avoid?

Edit: I refreshed reddit a few minutes ago and wondered why I suddenly had a bunch of messages, until I remembered that I had posted here lol. I am a late diagnosed person, I have exceptional coping mechanisms due to being undiagnosed so long, I do fall into the typical failed marriage, but over the years i adapted to marking apts 20 mins early in the phone and was raised if you are not 10 mins early you are late, so I am never late to an apt, on good days i could be up to 40 mins early, on bad days 10 mins early but never late. 

I constantly forget everything at the store, but I have never lost my keys, phone, any of that, I have a perfect driving record but dont ask me for simple directions 

so personally i would say i have very a\-typical outward symptoms, just dont try and monitor my work or talk to my face, else i will blank and get nothing done.  There are a lot I didn't avoid, but I started showing signs of OCD around 9 or 10 that I'm pretty sure developed as a part of my attempts to compensate for undiagnosed (at the time) ADD. I haven't lost anything important in years, and I'm pretty much always five minutes early to appointments (which I rarely if ever forget about). I have some routines built into my day that I've managed to stick to pretty effectively for months and I don't zone out of conversations with people I'm close to very often. I tend to remember what people say in a work setting better than most (at least in terms of understanding what's being prioritized and why and what the context is \- I'll remember that random thing you said the client said eight months ago if it had to do with project goals) which is quite helpful and makes me look like I'm a lot more of an on\-the\-ball person than I really am in front of my coworkers and boss. My relationships are mostly fine, although my fiance definitely feels my disorganization and the difficulty I have switching tasks a great deal and that does cause some problems but we're working on it.

Back when I was really broke all the time I was quite good at managing my money and prioritizing things, and therefore I looked like I wasn't impulsive with spending at all. Now that I have a job with good financial security the fact that I'm impulsive af when my next meal's not on the line is really starting to cause issues, though. Basically, anywhere anxiety can take over and do the job, I've developed the ability to compensate. Nobody bothered to look into why I was having such a hard time as a kid, and so by the time I was diagnosed I'd  already figured out how to survive, and the biggest challenge now is rearranging the coping mechanisms so I'm not so much more of a basket case than I really needed to be. Oh I relate to this. I'm convinced I can credit anxiety for my success in spite of ADHD symptoms. I always get places early (usually with a 15\-30 minute buffer, sometimes more), because even being on time is stressful. It's a mindset of 'if I'm not early I will most definitely be late' because I have a terrible sense of time and know that it could get away from me so easily.

I wrote a bunch of other examples but then realized I'm fooling myself and that I actually do have problems with them so the time thing is really the only legitimate one for me.

also: I'm in the evaluation process, so uh... have an "I'm undiagnosed" disclaimer. I was diagnosed with ADHD-PI at 21. 

I don’t have the hyperactivity at all and am mostly quiet/lethargic if I’m off my meds.

I have a tremendous memory and it’s part of how I got through high school and a year of college before diagnosis without ever studying. It’s enough to pull off Cs in harder courses and Bs in things like English and History just by attending class. On meds, I can get As. My only struggles were with math/physics because rather than memorization, those courses are about patiently  sitting down with problems and practicing solving them. 

I’ve never in my life had a problem with forgetting  things like my wallet and keys. A couple of my past roommates, who didn’t have ADHD and were quite studious and conscientious, would leave home to go somewhere and come back 10 seconds later having forgotten something. It happened so often, maybe 7 out of 10 times, that it was like clockwork. Boggles the mind because I never have that problem, lol. 

Lateness used to be an issue due to underestimating how long I take to get ready, but I heard from one WWE wrestler (who has to travel  300 days a year for the job) that it’s best to get to the airport with an hour to spare so you can just relax and have a coffee. I do this all the time now. Aiming for merely “on time” potentially leads to stress, but getting to work/the airport/etc an hour early gives me time to read, play with my phone, or have a snack, all of which I’d have been doing at home anyway, but without the added stress. 

Complete lack of motivation and willpower to do even things I enjoy (much less boring things) is my biggest deficit, followed by the lack of focus, and then poor emotional regulation.  Huh, never thought about my quirks actually being OCD tendencies. Can't rinse the one hand, gotta wash both. Touch funky texture with one hand? Better touch it with the other to b make sure it feels the same.  I think it was really helpful that a lot of my symptoms were seen as quirks rather than symptoms, so I didn’t feel inadequate or stupid. Also my parents always pushed me really hard and didn’t let me quit things and that helped me a lot. The long term effect of that is that I have crazy impostor syndrome and I never feel good enough even when I do well. I’m very critical of myself. 
I wasn’t coddled and I think moms are a lot more tender, so being raised by my dad just made me take on more traditionally masculine traits like decision making-wise, not being driven by emotion, being “ tough” , etc. 
As a mom I see myself not pushing my adhd son because I want to be more understanding and not overwhelm him... I think he could benefit from a tiny bit from my dad’s parenting.  I think honestly the only thing that skipped me was starting ten different things at a time and not finishing any of them. I will mildly jump from task to task at home but I will at least get one thing accomplished. Like I’ll start the dishes and then start dinner before I’m done doing dishes, I vacuum while I’m waiting for dinner to cook and throw a load of laundry in. Dinner of course I finish, vacuuming done, dishes are never completely finished at my house and I always forget about the laundry. Instead of starting everything and having it scattered, I tend to let it keep piling up to the point of when I do try to accomplish something I become completely overwhelmed because I cannot decide where to begin and so it seems hopeless and I just become a vegetable on my couch. Lol. I hate this about myself. Also I do not blurt stuff out at people before they finish what they are saying, I instead just zone out and am not listening at all. I am not super hyperactive but damn if every other issue slaps me in the face on the daily.  I'm just recently diagnosed with ADHD-C at 30. Now, my life is a complete mess. Haven't held down a job in a while, failed out of college more times than I care to count but there are some things I've managed to avoid. 

I'm not a disorganised mess. I'm actually pretty organised. Apart from the daily misplacing of my glasses or phone for 5 minutes (they're usually in the bathroom), I know where everything is. I'm fairly on top of cleaning. My house gets a bit messy but it usually only takes about an hour or so to get it back to clean again. I'm also pretty good with time keeping. I'm rarely late and if I am, it's usually because of circumstances I couldn't control like a traffic accident. 

ADHD only really affects my long term planning. Give me a different daily task and I'll knock it out of the park. Give me something I have to work on for a month and I'm gonna fail miserably due to boredom. I'm hoping treatment over the next few months will give me the stabilisers to help correct this problem.  I had a lot of coping techniques, most of which I still need. The problem I never had was losing things. I seem to have a part of my brain that keeps track of where things are. Even if my living space looks like a dump, I know where everything is. I think I spent so much time as a child being unable to see well (myopia also diagnosed late) that I had to learn to remember where things were so I could find them, because I certainly wasn't going to see them until I was very close. I relate. I'm super disorganised, have trouble with emotions, self-motivation, prioritization among other things and have been diagnosed with ADD, but like you I don't really forget stuff. If I do forget an item like my keys, I can usually figure out where they are. I'm late fairly often though. But I also have those OCD-tendencies and have wondered if they are their own thing or actually related to ADD. For example I usually don't forget to lock the door or my keys/phone/wallet because I check them multiple times before I go. On the other hand sometimes I'm late because I'm checking said things and my hair, teeth, clothes etc before I go even though I'm running late and don't have time for any extra checking. Just some examples but yeah, I do get that feeling of not having the common symptoms than everyone else seems to have and also having those perfectionistic tendencies.

Edit: Meant to mention or clarify that I have those exact same OCD-like tendencies that you mentioned; touching something with one hand and needing to touch it with another for "balance", same with washing hands or if one gets wet the other needs to as well, also I tend to get irritated by touching certain materials with my hands. The turning thing too, and not stepping on seams on a tile floor, and other things of that nature. They're not really to the point of real OCD where you'd absolutely have to do them though, but the urges are there and not doing them causes a varying level of irritation.

Now that I think, this comment or specifically the edit shows some of my overthinking, perfectionist, hyperfocused on a random irrelevant detail - self, haha Having to cope with it for 25 years the mechanisms I had to use to cope are pretty awful.

I am incredibly good at manipulating people to do things for me. I don't know how else to say it. These days I go out of my way to stop myself if I catch on I am doing it again.

Imposter syndrome also hits me pretty hard. I have gotten good reviews from bosses and coworkers but I always felt I was just fooling them. That I was never good enough etc. This also unfortunately spilled over into my romantic relationships which led me to be less than faithful.

Reading an ADHD self help book at the moment. Studies suggest those diagnosed later have more issues paried with all the mechanisms used for coping, anxiety, and depression that go hand and hand with ADHD untreated. For example if you think of ADHD as needing a wheel chair. You probably drug yourself around for years wondering why everyone else can walk. I was diagnosed with ADHD Inattentive type at 19. It went unnoticed for a long time because I show very little outward hyperactivity.

I've managed to cope with practical stuff quite well. My key's always in my pocket, my wallet's always in the same spot. I've learned to write everything down in my agenda and I triple check when I have to leave.

A big issue I have is the social aspect: not being able to focus on conversations comes to mind. My short attention span also plays a roll in college during exam period, or at work when writing reports. 

In general I'd say I do cope quite well.  My issues all have to do with a bad working memory for things I don't care for (and even some things I do) like tasks my wife tells me. And motivation to get mundane work done. I did well in school. Socially just fine, too fine maybe. Huge group of friends. In a gifted program in elementary through high school, college, and law school. College and law school had the same pattern: Started off really badly (I don't study until the night before a test etc.) and then basically straight A's the rest of year. When something "Shocks" my system I'm able to cope for a few years somehow, at least with school.

After law school bounced job to job, two times landing the exact job I coveted, only to be bored about a year later. Started my firm and was gung ho for a few years, now in a rut.  Led me to a therapist who basically said, dude, you have ADHD go see a psych. I never lose my phone or keys either. Well, I used to lose my keys in my purse, just because there was so much stuff in there, so I put a clip on my keychain and clip it to a ring I inserted in most of my purses. I never lose my phone because it's always at hand, or in a specific spot. Well, I did lose it once, but that was not my fault, and it was a really shitty night.

Directions from me are fairly useless, thank god for GPS on phones now. 

I don't drive because it makes me really nervous, I don't feel like my reactions are quick enough to avoid collisions. It wasn't until the last few weeks that I found out that I am not alone in this, and that this is because of ADHD. Yes! Anxiety is a great motivator for developing coping mechanisms! I think that's why I never lose my phone (I did once, but it was not my fault, and got it back the next day.)

I wish I had good money managing skills. I suck at it. I'm trying to get out of debt, which was necessary for me to get into (borrowed money from mother to get back to Canada when I left my husband, and back rent owed to her.) I am impulsive when it comes to snacks and craft supplies. Yeah when I was being assessed for ADHD (in my 30s) I looked at a lot of criteria and thought “this only isn’t a problem because of my anxiety”.

I’m actually late more often to things now that I am medicated because I don’t leave 30 minutes early for the bus that is two busses before the one I need to get there 15 minutes early. I was regularly  1 or even 2 hours early for appointments pre-diagnosis. Stimulants have been magical for my anxiety though so now i am sometimes late to things lol Feels like I was reading about myself, but I am undiagnosed. Getting good grades on history, english, but not math. Mostly not forgetting anything, but lack of motivation and focus getting worse, even at things like video games that I like. Never late, mostly stressing about coming sooner. I hope I will met good enough doctor to actually care and get diagnosed. Interesting enough, some of what you described isn’t actually contradictory to ADHD. In fact ADHD may be a misnomer and is rather and Executive Fuction Disorder. Exactly! Mine were always seen as quirks as well, even by me. Especially since I have an "artists temperament".

I was kinda left alone a lot by my mom, but my dad was a little more attentive (they split, and I would move back and forth between them) and he was more practical, and some of that rubbed off on me. I don't usually interrupt people, but one problem I have at work is I ask a customer if they are doing ok, and as soon as I get their initial answer I start to turn away, even though they add on something else. I can't help it, but at least none have seen it as rude that I know of. When I was a kid, my room was a disaster, but I knew where everything should be in that mess. Yep. History is kind of like a story and people tend to remember stories more easily. With English, maybe there’d be a struggle at reading assigned books, but to be fair, most kids these days would struggle with that even without ADHD and you can always just read chapter summaries. And there’s the general reading comprehension and writing aspect, both of which are skills that you practice indirectly when spending your time on sites like Reddit, lol. 

I wish you luck in finding a good doc. The lack of motivation aspect of ADHD is very underrated, IMO. Our society is one that rewards ambition, so you’re already kind of losing with an average level of ambition/motivation. Imagine being below even the average. Meds alone changed my belief systems, gave me a sense of competence, gave me optimism, reshaped my thoughts, and gave me new preferences. I’d go as far as saying I’m two different people. It’s a bigger difference than, say, drunk vs sober.  I knew I had HSP (hyper sensitivity personality disorder), which is so much fun! ^/s I do the same and I have a terrible habit of nodding and agreeing with people when I have no clue what they are saying.  I've never heard of that. [removed] Linking to ADDitude is no longer allowed. They have become a shill for pseudoscientific products and products not validated by empirical research.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ADHD) if you have any questions or concerns.* Thank you, I went and removed the link.  