how do i stop writing down every single thought i have in hopes i don't lose it? whenever i get a thought about something that i'm curious about such as how other people with adhd relate to me, i will immediately write it down or else i'll forget it. this isn't much of a problem until it becomes excessive. i'll start to write down EVERYTHING and i'll start researching and asking things on reddit in specifics when i could just do it in broad terms.  it's become quite a problem for me and i'm hoping some of you have any experience or ways to tame this symptom. it'd really help me out!

(just look at my posts within the past two days for reference) I guess I dont understand what you mean. I read through your posts. Nothing seems off about them. You just seem highly curious about ADHD right now (especially how ADHD relates to various experiences you've had in your life). It could be a bit of OCD. I totally get that. Does it feel like you HAVE to right it down or else you’ll be extremely uncomfortable? The best coping strategy for adhd I've found has been a notebook. WRITE DOWN ALL THE THINGS! I totally get this. For me when I obsess over a topic I shut EVERYTHING out and I can’t even focus on another thing until I’m satisfied with what I’ve learned or find my answer. I don’t have a problem with writing things down but lord help me if I find something interesting. 

Also I kind of do this with YouTube videos. My “watch later” list is over 200 videos long because I don’t want to forget to watch a video or start a series of videos on a topic. [deleted] [deleted] Maybe I would understand better if I knew what your specific concern is with wanting to write a lot down. To me, writing things down sounds like a helpful coping strategy for an ADHDer. Yeah that makes sense. I guess just try to create a system to rank how important each thought is. [deleted] I had a thought today when i was trying to find something out - maybe i can't find it because it doesn't exsist. So maybe that's when i could shift the research energy into creative energy? 

I don't know if that might help you, but it did help me breath a little easier. All the best.  