"Am I detail oriented?" You have no idea! I have a new position at work and it has lots of things to get right. Finally have all the training paperwork and I worked my way through it. 

I followed it to the letter and my boss asked me (whilst checking in half way) if I was detail oriented... 

My whole life is details. I cross-reference, double check and verify while brushing my teeth! I go back over, do the mental check list and cross examine 5 different things to get my keys in the morning. 

I will have gone over more details than should leave me sane every day just trying to get out the door than I look at in my work day as part of my duties. 

"Am I detail oriented?" 


I have so many details running around in my head that they prescribe me pep pills so I can chase them all down. I notice so many things about my world that I get tired of looking at then all. I reference so many things to answer "How are you today?" that they give me study drugs so I can squeeze an answer out of it all in a timely fashion. 

"Am I detail oriented?" 

All I could do was look at her and say " Wish I wasn't." 

I wish I wasn't... I wish I was. Sometimes I looking right at thing I need and still can't see it, and job is very focused on the details! 

edit: lol see what I mean? I typed this post up in a hurry and it's a disaster!   As someone diagnosed with both OCD and ADHD, I 100% commiserate. How about detail oriented, but demonstrably innatentive?

I'll fixate on specific details, and on the broad sweep of the bug picture that is *blatantly* implied by them. I'll wax lyrical about this detail and that detail and all the connections.

"But throwaway, what about X? That critical detail on the first page?"

"Oh, FFS."

Detail oriented, but with unreliable perceptions and a sense of thoroughness that vastly outstrips my actual rigour... I always find it somehow terrifying that there's non-ADHD people who are "detail-oriented" without checklists, like they just... *notice* things.

My roommate is like this, he always seems to just know things like the neighbors' schedules or if someone moved things around in the kitchen. I was explaining to him that I worry about things like putting my shirt on backwards that other people like him would notice, but I would totally miss. He asked me if I could just try to pay attention to it, and was totally mystified when I explained I would have to add it to my to-do list to consciously check if my shirt was on the right way every single morning.

Maybe I should do that, because I did actually go out with a backwards sweater on this week. Then went to the bathroom to change it, and of course walked out with it still on backwards. LOL at worked last week I was in the front desk. The door is right in front of me and I could see the OPEN sign until closing time. I went ahead and walked to the door to flip the sign over so now I can see the CLOSED sign. It made perfect sense in my head. We were open but now we are closed. All the people walking in and asking me if we are open did not click until the manager walks after me and says the sign is already flipped. I have OCD & ADHD too. I wish my brain had an off button.  I am very fortunate not to be compulsive in my checking. If I head out the door I can wonder if I locked the door and I just follow the pattern of my exit to my current position and figure it out on the fly no obsession about it. 

At work they have paperwork that requires checking and rechecking, which I do quickly and efficiently... the thing I don't do is show my work on the paperwork. I am supposed to make checkmarks as I go along and I always forget to do that. 

I am too busy understanding the bigger picture to show my work... it feels like I have a map of the area in a forest and they want me to walk from landmark to landmark like they all do. The reason they got me for the job is because I get the larger picture and can show people how to walk directly through the forest! but they won't let me because... they're very used to their landmarks. ASC and ADHD here.

Fixating on details and routine and doing everything \*exactly* right because ASC is hard when ADHD makes you miss details (I mean I notice loads of details, just often not the obvious or important ones...) and struggle to stick to a routine or do anything at all, never mind exactly right. This is why I do big picture stuff. I build things up and they either make sense or don't. The parts that don't make sense guide me to the details that I need to focus on. 

This is my "unique perspective" that always allows me to see the things others (even neurotypicals) can't/don't see. 


it took me a long time to get to this point Same, and I agree. It’s a rather nasty combination.

“Wallet, ID, keys, phone. I’m wearing pants, a shirt, my shoes, I’ve got my purse... Did I lock the door? Yes, I did. Okay, I still have my wallet, my ID, my keys, and my phone. I’m wearing shoes. Where are my glasses? Oh right, they’re on my face. Okay. Wallet, ID, keys, phone, ID, wallet, phone, keys, shoes, breakfast- I forgot to make breakfast. Oh well, I don’t have time. I’ve got my purse, and it’s got my wallet, my keys, my phone, and my ID. I’m good. Good? Good. Probably. Now I can finally leave- oh shoot, the door! Did I lock it?”

The worst part is, even if I *could* stop checking things obsessively, I know that stopping would make me forget things. It’s like the OCD helps to mitigate the forgetfulness/inattentiveness aspect of ADHD, but at the cost of taking up a lot of time and causing a ton of anxiety. It sucks. I’m totally the opposite. I get so focused on the details that even if something is adequate, if it isn’t perfect, I struggle a lot to force myself to move on to the next thing.

Being detail-oriented is great as someone who does a lot of digital design for a living, but the extent of detail-oriented I am makes deadlines so stressful. I have to say I loled at your mental train of thought. It’s like a transcript from my own head 😆 sigh. 

But just a side question: do you think the ocd- like tendencies would exist in you (and others in same predicament) without the adhd? Imagine taking the adhd away...would you still check a hundred times ? For me it’s because of the forgetting and spacing that I have to have self imposed ocd.  I also felt right at home reading that train of thought. I know I would definitely have some OCD tendencies if the ADHD disappeared, but totally agree that it would be much more manageable if I were less forgetful and didn’t have to obsessively make to-do lists and Google Calendar events with reminders in order to remember anything.

If I get invited to an event or have an appointment and I don’t put it in my Google Calendar with alerts set up to notify me prior, I ain’t goin’. It’s so frustrating to not just be able to remember to do things without constant reminders. I can’t speak for others, but I definitely would; my OCD was actually diagnosed long before I was ever suspected of having ADHD, and my level of checking is probably far more than is necessary. (I do also have many of the other hallmark symptoms of OCD- intrusive thoughts, etc.- so I definitely have it.)

With that said, I think my OCD would be far easier to control if I didn’t also have ADHD. If I knew that I definitely (or at least probably) wasn’t forgetting things, it would be easier to convince myself that I didn’t have to check a bazillion times. Obviously it still wouldn’t be easy- OCD is a bitch even when it’s by itself- but I think it would be significantly easier.

I find it interesting that in some circumstances (particularly in regards to forgetfulness and attention to detail) OCD and ADHD seem to have “opposite” effects, yet they ultimately make each other even harder to deal with.

Edit: also, I love your username, by the way Side note: your glasses on the face comment made me lol, as I have freaked out before because I thought I left my phone somewhere and been like, “Oh god where is my phone?” while I was literally ON THE PHONE with someone holding it up to my ear Thanks 😀 I’m a neuro nerd 

So the ocd came first, how interesting. Does medicating the adhd help with the ocd symptoms ? Or vice versa? I always wonder how come when I’m in a super hyper focused mode (which must be when dopamine is coursing through my veins) I also stop the need to check things as much. It’s when I’m vaguest and foggiest that I need to check a lot.  