How often do you lose keys and credit cards?  I don't often lose my cards, I either

A) forget my wallet at home

or 

B) forget my pin numbers then the machine eats my card Everyday if I don't keep them in my pants from the day before or place them on a special place in my bedroom. 

This may help you

https://www.thetileapp.com Actually almost never.









I lie. 
I've lost three bank cards in two weeks. And forgot to cancel my mail redirection so the new ones I've ordered are quite literally going around in circles. I love this phone wallet from LaMeeku. I attached my keys to it with a Carbocage key holder and now I have everything with me at all times. And the wallet has a nice heaviness to it so if I don't take it with me I miss it kind of like when we forget to wear a seatbelt.  i found my wallet in the freezer today, 2nd time in a week Almost never. I also have OCD, and one of my big fears has been losing important things like keys and rings and stuff, so I have designated places where I put those things as soon as I get home from being out. Staying at a new place? First thing I do is determine a designated keys and jewelry deposit point. Haha everything else in my living spaces is totally disorganized, but at least I can find my keys and my jewelry really fast. 


Edit: I have lost a debit card once. I found it like a month later in my pants. But that's unusual.  Just misplaced my bank card and need to book flights. This never happens but when it does it's always when they are an absolute  priority to have at hand. 

I always have my cards in my phone case. All my Cards fell out in the  car when I was driving and strangely  enough the card is nowhere to be seen. I swear I'm being  fucked with by the matrix  So strange when that happens , you use it a few times a day but one random time and the pin has disappeared or reorganised itself Into a different sequence  Oh god I forgot my phone number a couple months ago when I needed to give it to a store clerk. Just went poof and disappeared from my brain. I worry it will happen again every time I go to that store and I never go to particular clerk because I'm still embarrassed.  