Out of sight out of mind Has anyone else ever either had clothes hidden in your closet or under the bed and come next season when you want to wear them you think you don't have any more so you buy new clothes The "out of sight, out of mind" thing guides a lot of what I do.  

My husband can't understand why I keep every single email in my work inbox instead of creating subfolders.  I try to explain that if I'm not seeing it, it ceases to exist.  Same with my desk - everything has to be seeable/touchable (albeit under piles of other work), or I forget it even exists.  :( 
 Not quite that badly.  I do remember that I have seasonal clothes, but I forget a lot of the individual items.  So when I pull them out, I am always pleasantly surprised.  (Hey!  That's neat sweater!) This would explain why I have so many black turtleneck sweaters...
and I completely forgot about this blue fleece parka I got last year and absolutely love.
I bought a coat for fall/early winter recently that I saw in a store (wise purchase, if you are short and see a very reasonably priced longish coat that doesn't fit you like a bathrobe, just get it),then thinking , well yeah but this has no hood if it's raining, and its going to get mangy if i wear it every day...went to hang it up and, omg, there was the blue hooded fleece parka! I used to but now I have everything, including T-shirts hung up in my closet.  I don’t switch out seasons anymore because at that point, by the time I find the clothes again, I should have donated them while they were still in style.  😂 I have this issue with distant friends and relatives too....I’ve forgotten my sisters and moms birthdays because they live across the country. Out of sight out of mind for sure. 

It also took a toll on my long distance relationship through college (we are still together). I would often not text a lot or enough because I was so involved in friends, classes and sports. Luckily they also have adhd so there was a mutual understanding :) but it still made it really hard :/  I have a spot on my counter that is my “things that I need to worry about pile”
If my wife organizes and picks up after me I suddenly have no worries...... until the next electrical bill shows up threatening a disconnection. Without a visual reminder of some sorts I am screwed and destined to forget. This is why I have just a rotation of clothes in the laundry basket. 

As soon as I put it in my drawers it's like it doesn't exist anymore. 

I thought object permanence started as a baby?? Clearly I missed that stage of development. Haha Yes. I'm in the process of cleaning/organizing my closet (with a lot of help) and suddenly I have a LOT more clothes to wear. Hahah. That's kinda nice...  I have had to buy the same jacket twice because I put it somewhere and forgot where. It’s not in the house I’m sure of it. So annoying that I can’t even remember where I was likely to have left/lost it. It just disappeared. I just got rid of a lot of clothing bc this happened so often Even though I keep my place very neat and clean and organized. But my drawers, oh God!  Same goes for alot of people in my life, even people that stood closest to me. My bosses...they are not fans. :/ I feel you on that one, sometimes I'll even star an email I know I need to revisit just so will it stand out. I know that feeling. :D I have to do this too Same here! :D Is that part of ADHD?   I’m like that and it sort of bothers me but then again in five minutes I’m fine again. 😳 I don't even use those drawers in the fridge because of this. The food always goes bad before I remember it or I can buy double of what's in there. 

My fridge looks like a mess but it's the only way I can keep it from going bad. Haha Think about it.. We have more thoughts than the average person. More thoughts = more distraction, and since we're so distracted we instantly forget things when a new thought takes over. It explains why we feel so apathetic about our condition and it's effects to our lives.  Thank you.  Something to ponder.  Just found out at 48 that I have both ADHD and Narcolepsy.  But apathetic is the adjective I’ve been searching for to identify my feelings.  Also pursuing testing for undiagnosed high functioning autism.  My son and my nephew have it so it’s not a out of left field thing but feels weird to actually find out.  Again thank you.  It's weird because it doesn't feel like 100% apathy. For me personally I'm happy for the majority of my time, but then there's moments where I dwell on my past and get a little sad about things or I dwell on my current predicaments due to ADHD. I took up meditation shortly after getting diagnosed and I've come to learn that our minds are literally a waterfall of thoughts, you have a happy thought which can be overtaken by a sad one in a matter of seconds, or you look at one thing only to instantly forget about it the moment you look at something else. [Here's] (https://i.imgur.com/i2J6VWp.jpg) an image that kinda helps you understand that a little better. 

Also I'd like to highly recommend meditation if you're not already doing it or interested in it. It's really helped me with my ADHD. Great pic. Especially the dead ends.  I always chase shiny shit.   Edit:  my thoughts exactly.  Scary how it overlaps with bipolar in that regard.  Wonder how many people are misdiagnosed.   