Helping or hindering my partner with ADHD? How much help is "too much"? Hi guys - hoping for some insight. My long term boyfriend has ADHD and now that he's out of university and we're travelling/teaching English he's not taking adderall (which I support). His ADHD affects him in a variety of ways -- he's forgetful, curious, scatterbrained, and very self absorbed (I say this in a light sense, much different than selfish)

Me - I am type A worrier and I plan like a motherfucker. I keep this relationship glued together. I remember and plan everything. It's hard on me because taking "care" of him makes my anxiety spike. If I let one ball drop, he doesn't pick it up. Ex: I give him the responsibility of checking our flight time. He forgets, thinks he remembers, we miss our flight. I don't ask him where he puts his keys, the next morning they're lost (left in his motorbike, in the garage... fourth time this week). If I don't keep track of all of his stuff, plus our appointments, plus our plans, plus his family committments .... it gets dropped.

It's hard on us because first of all, I'm not his mother or employee, I'm his girlfriend. Second, I need to take care of my anxiety and I worry enough about controlling every aspect of life, it's hard when he forgets/loses something/causes a negative outcome and it reaffirms my anxious thoughts of "If I can control everything, nothing will go wrong". Plus, it makes him feel like such a fuck up (which he's not, he does try hard to help).

It's come to the point where I've acccepted I should doubletime and take care of all his things. That I should remind him to take notes, put up sticky notes for him, put alarms in his phone, keep track of his stuff, and make sure I do the important tasks (booking flights, packing, etc.) but he says this makes him "lazy" and therefore more prone to drop the ball if it gets passed to him.

What do I do? How can I help him exercise his brain? How can I work in a way that maybe I'm not impacted so much, like hours spent walking around because he doesn't know where he parked or a $300 flight or locked out of the house ....

Any tips appreciated. I love him and I'm sticking this out, I just want him to be happy and feel empowered and not babied (and, for me to not go crazy in the process!). 

tldr: How do I help my forgetful ADHD scatterbrained bf and not hinder him by doing too much for him?

Thanks :) Have him design himself a routine (mine for a long time was just a to-do list which I would rank by letters A-C A being urgent priority, C being could even maybe not do this, and using * to mark things that take little time like a quick phone call) and then just remind him to do the list thing every day at a certain time. It will help him to exercise his own executive command, you don't have to micromanage him, you don't take responsibility for the tasks he chooses, you just have to make sure he does the thing at the end of the day and if necessary you can remind him at different times of day to consult the book. To avoid serious problems like missing a flight, handle the really big deal stuff yourself and let him do the rest. For example if he needs to call his family for reason X, leave that one to him, it should be on his list-y thing. As his executive command develops he can take on more and more important things.

It should be a concentrated exercise that he does every day for 10 or more minutes and does not do other things at the same time, like meditation. A list on the fridge will not cut it because it diffuses responsibility. Hook it to something like brushing his teeth, something he HAS to do every day, so say make it the thing he does just after brushing his teeth at night but before he goes to sleep, keep whatever things he needs to do it, like in my to do list, I used a fancy journal thingy, right next to the bed. Anything that does not get done on that day gets moved over to the next day at night and can be prioritised as new tasks come in or goals change. This works pretty well for me, but I am the partner ADHD and my bf is the one reminding me to do stuff. I'm also medicated, so it might be easier for me to handle this specific style of self assessment. You can adjust it to suit him. Hope this helps!

edit: Doing this routine on his phone is not a good idea as phones typically are associated with too many distracting things like games and it's too easy to lose sight of it. His brain doesn't have the proper level of important neurotransmitters, so it will not function normally.

It is his responsibility to act like an adult and it is not your responsibility to take up all that slack.

Love is a wonderful thing, but you are going to get sick of taking care of him. You are right, you are not his mother, but it sure sounds like you're ready to act like it. You will resent him for not acting like an adult and he will resent you for telling him what to do.

He's getting off too easy. Make him be accountable for himself. He is an adult with a  neurological disorder. The responsibility to manage it is his.  Have him take his meds. Without my meds I can literally hear a noise behind me, completely forgetting what I was working on (like the middle of making dinner), investigate the noise, and go on and do something else. 5 hours later it's dark out and I'm wondering why I'm hungry and their is a weird fishy smell coming from the kitchen. That's just me and everybody is different.

ADHD only gets worse as people get older, you can't exercise a brain all it does is tire out.

Have him start drinking a lot of sugary drinks, they seem to help keep the brain alert. Since you're opposed to meds, try nicotine. You could also try bmod and rewarding him when he does things right, but that might be too much like being his mother.

Even with my meds I still delegate work that my brain won't do, to things like my phone, I also have a huge dry erase board where I write down everything that is important and when it needs to happen. Heck, write it on his hand. A sticky note will get lost, but I've yet to lose my hand.

You can't fix ADHD the best you can hope for is to try and manage the symptoms in such a way that when ADHD symptoms do happen you are insulated and have enough back up plans that its impact is minimized. Where are you travelling?  Let him drop the ball.  Let him realize he dropped it, dont tell him.  When he does realize, and he starts to feel like a fuckup, just say "Hey.  Shit happens. It's okay that shit happens.  You're going to fail.  It's a fact of life. Now, and more importantly, what do we need to do to deal with it?"

The "Fuck I just missed my plane / Lost my ferry boarding pass during the 5 minute walk from French Exit customs and the goddamned boat / got lost in an extremely strange third world country where nobody knows my language" feeling can be crippling.  But that shit *is going to happen.*  No matter how much you plan.  The factor that separates the adults from the children is that the adults go "Holy shit.  I fucked up bad.  Now what?  How do I get around this?"  while the children go "Holy shit.  I fucked up bad.  I hope mom doesnt find out.  I'm such a failure, I might as well not even try."

The fact of the matter is that there will be a next plane / you got your passport stamped as proof that you had a boarding pass 10 minutes ago (and if that doesnt work, again, there will be a next ferry,) / and bus stations all have big ass signs with pictures of, you know, busses on them. (Or at worst, local cab drivers can (usually) read the address off of your hotel key card in their native language.)

When you start realizing that there are really simple solutions to really, really big fuckups, your confidence starts to get boosted.  People cause themselves so much pain trying to do everything 100% perfectly, and beating themselves up over a 98% job that they dont realize an 80% is a passing grade and anything beyond that is just extra.  There is something freeing in knowing that no matter what happens, you were born into a species with opposable thumbs and a fully functioning brain, and those two things can get you out of pretty much any fuckup in tact.  But you cant learn that unless people let you fail.   It sounds like he's really lucky to have you around.

Exercise and meditation make a huge difference for me. I wonder if you guys are in to yoga or running or something you could do that with him every day. 

If he spends half an hour on yoga every day I can almost guarantee that his head will be clearer and he'll have an easier time focusing. It would also give you quality time together and you'll get into shape. 

I also think that some help setting up and sticking to a list system like z33r0 is talking about is a great idea. So I'm both the obsessive planner and the ADHD partner...but my boyfriend and I have a bit of this dynamic going on where I worry I take on too much of the planning and organizing.  But on the other hand, he has to wait for me to find my keys like...every time we leave the house, and is unfailingly nice about it.

I think you should keep doing your thing when the planning and organizing suits your skills AND its something that affects you as a couple.  He's simply not good at planning for travel, so why make him do it when he's going to feel shitty and you're going to be a mess about it. Its okay for couples to divide work by who is best at it...its one of the really nice things about having a partner.  Rather than trying to get him to take on each task 50% of the time, talk to him about how you're feeling and see if you can let him take the burden off of you in non-planny areas.  Maybe you can throw all the clothes to pack  on the bed so you don't forget stuff, but then he can actually do the packing.  That's not exactly an even division, but you get the idea.  You might still have to remind him to do stuff...and you kind of can't get around that when you're dating someone with ADHD.  They're gonna forget.  But he needs to commit to responding to your reminders and not making you nag him.  Once it gets to that point, ADHD or no, you're back to being his mom, which sucks.

On the other hand, you probably need to let go of some stuff.  Let things that are his problem be his problem.  If the motorbike keys staying in the garage are just affecting him, let him deal with that on his own, even if its making you nuts that he has to look for them every morning.  And if you delegate something to him, try not to micromanage how he carries it out.  For example, my boyfriend often folds our laundry, which is awesome because I tend to leave loads in the dryer for weeks.  But he folds them like he's never seen a right angle in his life, and its not the way I like it.  But if you want him to do his share, you can't treat him like he needs supervision.  The clothes got washed and put back in the closet, I'm not his mom and he doesn't have to adhere to my folding standards.

As far as helping him do more for himself...I've found that the key for me are systems and routine.  You can help him walk through the process if he wants help, but he has to identify his own solutions or they're not going to stick.  So like, for the motorbike keys thing...try to figure out where it breaks down for him.  Maybe he's on autopilot when he gets home, or maybe he forgets to grab the keys when he turns around to grab his bag and then walks in the other direction without turning back towards the keys.  And then let him come up with a way to address that specific issue.  If it doesn't work, then tweak it or try something else.  But the key thing here is his commitment.  If you're doing all this for him, or if you're addressing a problem he doesn't actually care about, you could create the best system in the world and it'll never help.  You putting up sticky notes for him probably encourages him to ignore them.  ADHDers have a very advanced 'somebody else's problem' filter.   Help him figure out ways to help himself. It can't all come from you. Do the standard stuff first (as opposed to one-offs like checking flights).  

Let's take the keys as an example. You know he misplaces them all the time. He does too. Solving this problem would make both of your lives a lot easier. So you ask him questions: what can we do to help you keep better track of your keys? Would establishing an "out" place and an "in" place help? Which places do you think would work for you? How can we make sure they get there on a regular basis? 

Competence builds confidence. The more regularly he can lay hands his keys, for example, the more capable he will feel of taking on other stuff.  At least, that is the way it works with me.   Thanks so much everyone. Really, really helpful :) Thank you so much. He has a minor list on his phone (and I can see it hasn't been tended to in a while) and he practised lists before so I think he'll be really open to this idea :) I'll mention the "no phone list" thing and I have an empty notebook to give him as well. These seems empowering! I used to write my to-do lists in whiteboard marker on my mirror.  :D  That way, I couldn't miss it.   > Since you're opposed to meds, try nicotine

Lol, since they're opposed to meds, why not settle for one that's more addictive and dangerous than Adderall?  Why not just take the Adderall? The full instructions for the list exercise came from a Keep It Simple Series book for organizing your life. I'll write them as best I can remember here in case you want to use them:

• Things that are both vital AND pressing like paying an overdue credit card bill are ranked A

• Things that are vital but not pressing like filing taxes, assuming you haven't been putting them off for a while are ranked B


• Things that are vital or pressing but not both and not as vital as A or B things are marked C

• Things that are non-vital and not pressing are marked D.

• Things that can be done in several minutes like returning phone calls, scheduling appointments, in some cases replying to emails are marked *

Then you take everything that has been marked A and number them from most to least important, or according to whatever order is most efficient. Do the same with B, then C. Everything marked D must be considered whether it is worth doing at all, most things on this list can be abandoned entirely or relegated to a bucket list to be made a priority later. So if, for example, you have been meaning to organize a bunch of old national geographic magazines you have had lying around for months and it ends up in category D after some thought, you have just admitted to yourself that realistically, the magazines are old, you never touch them, you haven't even read one of them since you picked them up at a yard sale 6 months ago, there actually isn't much use in organizing them so you just donate them to an art class or recycle them. 

Do all the * things first. They take little time and you can cross a lot of stuff off your list quickly this way. It gives you a great sense of productivity and makes you feel more motivated to move on to the next tasks. Next do your A things in the order of the numbers if possible, it doesn't have to be strict. Work your way down the list. Anything that doesn't get done should be transferred in the evening to the list for the next day, or reevaluated to see if it's still necessary/worth doing. I've found that it's important to do the list the night before because when you wake up you can go straight to the tasks, and it gives me personally a sense of calm before I sleep, knowing that I have all my ducks in a row for the next day. That said, I fall out of even the best habits easily, and have to be reminded to do it, or even argued with for why I NEED to do it occasionally.

Hope this helps! From the side of the partner with the ADHD, I think you're so wonderful to be researching and trying to help, my bf does this kind of stuff for me too and I can't even tell you how important it is and how wonderful it feels to receive respectful, non-judgmental help from your partner. :) One is legal without a prescription (no doctor appointments) just about anywhere on the planet, and also a pack of smokes is still cheaper than 1 pill of concerta at least around me. I don't know the reason people don't want to take a medication that has been shown to help decrease symptoms, not really my concern. I'm agreeing with you here. As a former smoker, nicotine only slightly alleviated my symptoms and ultimately just made me dependent on it to reduce stress. It's not worth the health risk.

Also, I'm going to run against the declaration that sugary drinks are a good idea. Caffeine is a stimulant alright but it's not the kind he needs and it's just going to exacerbate things even more.

The only thing I agreed with in that entire post was writing on the poor guys hand. I think the sugary drinks thing is related to the dopamine release that sugar gives you.  This is one of the neurotransmitters that the ADHD brain fails to produce enough of.  Again, the physiological complications that can result from too much sugar consumption would lead me to advise against this as well.   