I wish people would stop giving me such a hard time about forgetting things I'm so tired of hearing "Don't forget next time" or "I shouldn't have to remind you, you're an adult now" (lookin at you, mom) or "You always forget".

No duh. There's an issue with my brain. I can't control it, even with meds.

Today, I was at work, wound up staying late, no big deal, but I was hungry. So I had this big debate in my head over taking my leftover break food home, or leaving it for tomorrow's break and stopping by Taco Bell. I chose the latter, it's right by my work.

I was almost home when I realized I never stopped.

Food is very important to me and yet I can forget to get food. I was hungry the whole way to my car and home. I forgot, cause there was bird poop on my window, so I turned instead of going straight. And it took me 5+ minutes to realize my mistake.

So, if I can't remember food on my own, how the hell am I supposed to remember every other little thing that I am asked to do or need to take care of, especially those that I'm not extremely motivated to do?

It's not like I'm not trying or that I don't care, I just can't remember at the right time. Always too early or too late.

Feels much better to get that off my chest. :) I tried to keep it short. If anyone has advice, I'm all ears. The one I always got from many people was: "If you actually cared about xxxx, you would have remebered."

I am lucky enough to have a spouse who is patient with me and has NEVER said that phrase to me. Yep, I get this too. "How did you forget?" is a common one which pisses me off, If i knew how I forgot, I would know how to remember.

I find my problem is the phrase "Yeah, I'll do that in a minute" - Then I get distracted and forget. This is the reason the address has been wrong on my driving licence for 2 years. 

Things only get done if I immediately stop what I am doing and do them, but then other things get forgotten - it's also really hard to make myself immediately do something I have no interest in doing.  I leave stuff everywhere.  EVERYWHERE.  After 28 years I have finally accepted this fact.  I still get a little frustrated do to the expense of replacing items littering half of Texas, and generally expect a phone call when I leave a location to call me back to get whatever I left.   First line when I answer the phone, "What did I forget?"  Makes it a little funnier and endearing.  Same problem here. It's not just forgetfulness though, I've had to adapt my lifestyle so that I'm better able to cope with the challenges of living with ADHD and a lot of people just can't accept that - to a point where I've lost friends because I don't drink as much etc.

If you're asking for advice, the only thing I can suggest is that you accept that you're not like everyone else. Don't forget that you have a learning disability - ADHD - and that will restrict many of your abilities (while also heightening others). 

Keep doing what you're doing! As you better understand yourself, you'll be more able to accommodate to challenges of ADHD :) Oh I relate to this SO MUCH!!! The other day I misplaced my medication in my house somewhere, so when I went to the pharmacy to get some more until I found it. The pharmacist gave me the stinkiest stink eye. It's like DUDE, you KNOW WHY I'M ON THESE!!! I'm currently pregnant, and the combination of ADHD and pregnancy brain is a terrible combination.  Me too. Same here, I forget often and people think it's my choice to forget. Like someone mentioned above, if I knew how to stop forgetting I would!

What helps me, is to ask people to make sure they have my attention when they ask me something. I told my wife to touch my arm or shoulder prior to asking me to do something, which helps a lot. Another is to do things right after they're asked, but this can create a chaotic situation sometimes. One other thing I do when someone asks me to do something, I repeat it in my head several times. This also helps me remember.  I hear this kind of thing from my family sometimes, and that's very frustrating. I've tried explaining to them that I just forget things and lose things more often than the regular person, but it's still a difficult concept to communicate well because the "why" is kind of complicated. Like why does ADHD make us forget and lose things? Let me just go out and buy you a book on that because it confuses me too.

At the place I worked for my co-op I did find one thing that really helped me though. I had a coworker my age who I trusted a lot, and I told her about my diagnosis and that it made me forget the little things often. She was very understanding about it and reminded me of meetings and tasks that needed doing without ever making me feel bad about forgetting them. If I lost my phone, she somehow knew where it was a solid 80% of the time. If you can find someone like this at your work that doesn't mind reminding you of the little things, it really makes life a lot better. If you can't, at least download Todoist and get yourself a pocket personal assistant! > Today, I was at work, wound up staying late, no big deal, but I was hungry. So I had this big debate in my head over taking my leftover break food home, or leaving it for tomorrow's break and stopping by Taco Bell. I chose the latter, it's right by my work.

> I was almost home when I realized I never stopped.

Is this type of thing common for you? This is a level of memory impairment that I cannot even fathom. Would you consider yourself a severe case? I feel like everyone thinks they are either mild or severe, but I have never seen anyone admit to being a moderate case. 
 Definitely me, started to minimize my stuff so there was less to forget about.  Work meetings have always been a pain tho, and there is no way around it, have to be on time.  So my phone is android, I have an iPad I use a lot, and my laptop is Windows.  That means I have three different virtual assistants.  The android one automatically reads my emails to see for appts, so that is pretty automatic for reminders.  But all three have voice input right?  So I've just gotten used to setting up meeting reminders using my voice for Siri and cortana at the same time, speak once record twice (or thrice if android didn't pick it up automatically).  Am I doing this all the time throughout the day?  Hell no.  The key to it all is once a day, 8:30pm, that is the time to setup meeting reminders.  Takes 5 min.  How do I not hit snooze?  Because it is burned into me now that I cannot miss or be late to business meetings, no matter how awesome I am otherwise at my job, I just can't.  I wrote that declaration out just like that, like Bart Simpson on a chalkboard, until it burned into the memory.  I save this technique for things that are very important that are not sticking.  Missing meetings is not being prepared the day.  That 8:30 ritual has turned into the general time I consciously look at the next day, it makes things flow easier and reduces the general baseline of anxiety we seem to deal with. That's a good idea, I should try that too. The trouble is that I'm not allowed to record audio, video, or take pictures at work. But I suppose I could try this at home or while out and about.  Lists, lists, lists! I write all my "to do" thoughts on lists. It's the only way I ever remember to do anything. I also have a diary which I write everything I need to do for each day as soon as I think of it. It helps hugely. I still forget stuff, and it's not fool-proof, but as long as I've written it down, not too much falls through the cracks.  Is it possible to write a list of what's needed prior to going back to the stock room or freezer? Even it's it's an abbreviated list, it might help. 

For me, just the act of writing something down helps my memory. I often write myself a note to do something at work, and I'll forget to bring my notepad with me (the irony!).  But something about writing it down earlier helps me to remember later. Almost like it gets implanted deeper into my memory.  I HATE THAT PHRASE. I WANT TO PUNCH THINGS WHEN SOMEONE SAYS THAT.

I have written things on my hand or arm so I wouldn't forget, and then I'd forget to look, AND STILL FORGET THE THING.

I care about food. And I still forget to get food. No amount of caring will make me remember. Reminder! Fix your address today! :)

My mom got onto me, because she put my new car insurance paper on the fridge (with everyone's, all in one place) and told us all verbally and in text message to put it in our cars. A week later, mine is still on the fridge and she yelled at me (we're a loud family, that's not necessarily a negative thing) that mine was still on the fridge. She had to physically stick it in my hand as I was walking out the door one day.

I feel you on the do things now or not at all, and how that's absolutely the best way to remember, but it's hard to do and not necessarily the best way to live. I tried it for a while, felt good at first, but then the things I wanted to do got pushed off to the side to make room for little things I hated for easy gratification. I like that! Leaving stuff stresses me out, I'm paranoid of forgetting personal belongings on trips, because for some reason I have sentimental attachment to everything I own. :/ I'm working on it, been a long way coming, but I feel like I'm making process. 

This has led me to becoming a very light packer. My purse is often heavy, holding my wallet, phone, iPod, 3ds, Bluetooth headphones (not ear buds) and my Switch plus controller, but my suitcase is normally a small duffle bag, a small back pack for my laptop and a notebook/book for flights (I travel on average a couple times a year) and that's it. No hairdryers or makeup or 10 pairs of shoes. Just clothes, maybe a plushie that can double as a pillow, and something to do. And I take note of everything I pack when I leave home and I repack everything when I leave for home. 

Fun tip, don't use the dressers and other storage in hotels except the closet. I don't know why people bother, if you never open them, you never have to look for your stuff in there. I still check because I'm paranoid, but I get so anxious when someone I'm rooming with starts using those. It's a trap for forgetting things! 

But they don't have memory problems like I do, I guess. 

Now I'm just picturing the lost and found at a hotel after an ADHD convention, if one were to exist. 😂 It actually took me a long time to realize that ADHD wasn't just my inability to focus and forgetfulness. It was only in the last two years that I realized it was also my inability to start tasks and finish them. I knew I was lazy and a procrastinator, but I used to see some of my straight A friends and wonder how in the world they could just sit down and do homework or study. I thought very negatively of myself from time to time, when school would be at its worse and I would be falling to pieces even with medication.

Now, I'm still trying to figure out where the roots of my problems lie, what parts are just laziness and what parts are ADHD related. I'm okay with not being like everyone else, but I want to be able to function independently. I think that I can, until I have a whole lot of extra responsibilities. Like school and homework. 

The biggest thing that helped me was realizing that I struggle because I'm not normal, moreso than I already knew. I only knew how I felt, so I thought everyone else had the same struggles as me, but still managed to pull themselves together and get it done, whereas I failed in doing that. Turns out, most people don't have nearly as much of a struggle. Yet, when you try to explain that to people, you just come off as lazy and excuse making. 😧 I had my work shirt, purse, and wallet in hand, set them down to run to the bathroom before heading to work, got out and couldn't find them for 3 minutes. I was so confused. 

I most often lose my glasses. I'm not terribly blind, but I do need them to drive. Because I don't need them to see around the house, unless I'm watching TV, I will take them off, because they slip down a lot. I also don't like them tight, this is my fault. 

But do you know what's really hard to find without glasses on? Glasses. 

Yeah. Never would have guessed. 

I have an old pair I still keep for when I misplace them, currently not sure where the old ones are, used them last week, but I have my current ones next to me in bed. And I'll wake up, and I won't be able to find them because I've knocked them over in my sleep. Or I've left them downstairs, and I'm scanning the room, but without them, I can't see in enough detail that they're sliding down a couch cushion. Or on an end table, next to the cup I had last night. Or in the bathroom, amongst similarly shaped combs and sister's makeup products. 

Those Velma losing her glasses gags, as a kid, I didn't get them. I have so much more sympathy for her now. I'm going to try the touch thing. For the most part, I hear requests and, especially at work, I repeat back an abbreviated version to whoever asked me. I heard and understood, but within 2 minutes, I've forgotten. I already repeat things in my head, but if I don't keep repeating it, I'll still forget. Often at work, I'll quietly chant things I'm supposed to get when I'm running to the stock room or supply closet. Even when customers are around. I want to make as few trips as possible, and if I've gotta sound like a crazy person chanting "ground turkey, (chicken) tendies, (tenderloins is too long :P) chub, 80/20(% lean or something like that), stew meat" over and over as I sprint to the meat freezer, I'll just sound like a crazy person then. If the list is 3 or more, I have to say it aloud or I'll forget. I can normally handle 3 mentally, but sometimes I chant it to be safe. I've been trying to get people in my life to remind me of things I need to do, but I always get the "You're and adult, I shouldn't need to remind you, figure it out" or "I want to see if you can do it on your own, just do xyz and you should get in the habit". 

No. That is not how this works. I need a physical reminder. I've tried alarms, they don't work well. Mostly because I'm a hard core procrastinator.

I'm one of those who forgets to brush teeth. I've asked my bf many times to send me a reminder text at least once a day telling me to or asking if I have, because I won't lie to him. I get the latter excuse from above. I don't like having gross teeth, but I just can't remember to do it. Or I remember to, at work, where I can't.

As I've mentioned above, I told my store manager, who has a bit of experience with it, so I don't get in much trouble at work for it, but I still want to do better, and not forget to fill the toilet paper in the bathrooms every night. 

Definitely going to look into Todoist! Thanks for the suggestion! I'd consider myself pretty severe. I don't know if it's appropriate to talk about mediation dosages, but through middle and high school, I had to double up on my patches because they didn't make a dosage high enough. Now though, I've been cutting it down to one patch, since I've graduated. Also, my meds were probably starting to wear off, it was a 10 hour shift. 

I got into my car, pulled out of the parking lot, saw giant pile of bird poop on my window, started to clean it off, realized I shouldn't whole I'm driving in the dark and decided to do it at the long ass light I'd have to sit through. To go home, I turn left, for food, I go straight. I autopiloted to left, cleaned my windows, and didn't remember until I was almost home, away from all the food places, especially those open late.

But, I'm very forgetful even on meds. I just don't remember things timely. I posted elsewhere that I wound up telling my store manager that I am ADHD, because I left the house without taking meds, had to turn back, and was subsequently late. Thankfully his daughter is also ADHD, and he knew how to work with it. I'm very thankful for that, because my last job, I had a couple no medication meltdowns and thankfully my sister was also working there and had to tell off the managers for forcing me to take orders on a headset when I asked to be in grill. No big sister here to help out when I no longer can communicate like a proper human.

I was talking to my store manager about my forgetfulness, because he brought up that when I'm on closing cleaning duty, there's often no toilet paper in the bathroom and a few other small things. I always check for that stuff, I'll tell myself a few times my mini list (empty trash, toilet paper, sweep, mop) after I finish wiping everything down, step out to go get things I need for the list, and immediately forget what I needed. I'll remember on my way home I never put toilet paper in the bathrooms. 

He's understanding, but I don't want to be just using ADHD as an excuse for everything, I do want to get better.

Especially at not writing long ass posts and responses. I get carried away and ramble, sorry... Perhaps it wasn't that she forgot to stop for Taco Bell, but that she had ever decided to get food there in the first place, and finally remembered when she was almost home? 

Edit: Heheheheh, waddya know. I didn't read the last part properly. Go figure.  I do this sort of thing all the time. Practically on a daily basis. It's not uncommon.  I've done the minimalism step, I'm getting much better at what I take with me places. For work, it's just my phone, keys, and small purse. 

As for alarms, for a one off thing, like a meeting or appointment, I'm very good about not ignoring those alarms. Work shifts though, I've been punching in a few minutes late every day for the last couple months. Thankfully it's only now gotten noticed, and only checking the last week or two, but I've got to reel it back in. I was on time today (yay!) but not early, which is what they want. 

So, how do you remember all the details for your 8:30pm ritual? Do you write them down throughout the day, or are they on a regular basis? I would mix up times and days if I was just trying to recall them... My sister told me to start making lists. But I'm so laaazzzyyy.... 

No excuses now. I'll give it a go. :) I just need to make sure I don't lose the list. Yeah, if it's more than 5 things, I pull out my phone, open Google Keep, turn on voice to text and say what I need. Previously, everyone would write things down, but for me, that would take so long, I found it was way faster and easier to talk through it. At least one of my coworkers has also switched to talking to their phone for big trips. 

Sometimes my phone doesn't want to cooperate, or starts autoplaying YouTube, so I only pull it out when I need it, when the time it takes to set it up is less than the time it saves. Yes! Never put stuff in the drawers, makes it easier to do a "sweep" before you leave.  I also have started packing light; wallet, phone, keys, and yeti cup.  I have taught myself to count the stuff before I leave. If I have my 4 things I can leave.  The only problem with Todoist is that it gets too easy to ignore after a while. I find that I have to change my system of reminders every few months or I'll develop a habit of ignoring the system. I used to use Google calendar, and then I set reminders using Cortana, and now I'm at Todoist. I'll use a physical journal sometimes too. I know people who will put sticky notes on the mirror in the bathroom too. Just try a bunch of things and don't give up! If a system stops working, change it! It was honestly a mixture of both. I forgot about getting food in general. Because of bird poop on my window. Of all things. It's mainly checking the calendar and the inbox, but quickly as just looking for meetings/appts.  If I had to punch in I would add that as an item.  Also this may help may not: when I switched from a random sound alarm to an alarm that said "check your schedule" I paid attention immediately.  Now that I use cortana and Siri and such I am finding having actual words spoken to me gets my focus a lot better than an annoying sound Try Wunderlist on your phone. It works well for me. Just make sure you set reminders to actually check your list.  I do pocket checks. Tap my pockets to make sure I've got my phone, keys, purse, whatever. I double check my purse for my wallet or other things every time I go or leave a place. Just to be safe. I use Google Keep for quick lists, especially when I'm at work or planning/packing for a trip. This is mostly for remembering items not tasks, but it works.

Hell, when I got a job interview last summer (got the job :) ) immediately after the phone call, I texted 4 different people with the store managers name, the time, the date and the location with no context, then later said it was details I couldn't forget for my job interview and that if possible, they should remind me, because I REALLY needed the job and that doesn't mean I won't forget it. People were texting me back wtf until I explained. I had no paper or pen, because I was at a convention. I completely understand, this type of thing happens to me all the time! Damn those distractions and routines.  Awesome! Will do, thanks for the suggestion. 