What's the most "ADHD" thing you've ever done? Yesterday I went to visit my brother briefly. When I arrived I took off my shoes and left them by the front door as I normally do.. Today I received a text from him with a photo of my shoes - apparently, despite the fact that it was pouring rain and I'd just been in a shopping centre, I managed to forget that I'd been wearing shoes and went home without them (soaking my socks in the process). Sometimes my brain surprises even me tbh. What are some bizarre ADHD things you've done? I got distracted during my wedding vows and couldn’t even repeat what the minister said  My mom and I both have ADHD. She went to the vet without the dog...  Left my room to do laundry because I needed a shirt for the next day but forgot the shirt. Got to the laundry room, realized I didn’t grab my shirt. Walked into my room, forgot why I was in my room, sat down and drew for 20 mins. Realized that I was doing laundry, left the room without the shirt. Halfway to the laundry room I realized I forgot my shirt again and had to repeat to myself “grab your shirt” until I had it in my hand. Went to the Dr to talk about maybe having ADHD and wanting to try a medication only to have him tell me I had already come to him in the past.  I guess that med didn't work :) Lost my gameboy for 3 years because i put it in a drawer when i was pulling out some cords to charge my gameboy  Lost my wedding ring when I was at my aunt's lake house. Couldn't find it for long enough that I started shopping around for a replacement.

A year and a half later, I was searching around in some bags looking for my house keys. In one side pocket I found that missing ring. Apparently I had put it away to someplace safe before I went swimming, and I forgot about putting it some place safe. It was amazing finding something that had lost.

Fun part of the story was that I found my ring on our 3-year anniversary. <3 For the impulsive side, my folks went away for a few weeks. My brain decided it’d be a good time to take out a 10k loan, buy a car, learn stick for the first time by myself and buy a puppy.  In high school (undiagnosed and unmediated) I picked up a turtle that was in the middle of the state highway about to be road kill and threw it in my trunk. 
I did this occasionally and would let the turtles go in the country when I got home. 

Two days later I was in history class watching a movie that mentioned they lost JFK’s brain. (imagine that guys adhd moment) My friend laughed and said - I bet it’s in your car. 

Then it clicked —-I still had a turtle in my trunk. I felt horrible, was sure I had killed it and eventually had someone else go check. Thankfully the turtle was fine.

Hence the username ....
 I parked at a place, grabbed an empty bottle to toss in the garbage, and my phone on the other... then I got rid of the garbage and walked into the place only to realize that I threw my phone ( with my debit card and ID) into the gross garbage can and I was still holding on to the bottle.

-in second grade I left my backpack at school on the last day before summer vacation. 

- I was in bed the other night and my little girl walked in, turned the tv on, and lay next to me. My husband walked in and asked “ why are you letting her watch tv. Its bedtime” and I hadn’t even realized that she was next to me or that the tv was on. I was wide awake. 

- I’ve walked into the wrong classroom and didn’t notice. 

- when I was a kid a guy from work came to my house unannounced and my mom didn’t want to talk to him. She said “ tell him I’m not here” and I went out and said “ she said she isn’t here” 

- I’ve said this here before, but I came to the US as an international student,but I failed my English test to actually get into school. They gave me another shot and I watched  hundreds of hours of English tv with English subtitles and I passed the test with flying colors. 

I could do this all day! I find my phone in the fridge semi-frequently... almost forgot to give my doctor my adhd report from my psychologist - the reason i went to the doctor I headed to court without a witness to support my case. The lack of witnesses was nothing I could do anything about, my only strategy was to cross-examine any witnesses against my absent client and to present facts and documents that the court could admit without a witness (i.e., stuff the court could take judicial notice of). It required some out-of-the-box thinking, but it succeeded. I won my case. When it was done, the judge asked me why I wasn't wearing a tie. I tried a case, basically, out of uniform, because I was so tuned into my unorthodox trial issues that I forgot to finish getting dressed and didn't notice until the judge pointed it out. I cycle to work and take advantage of the fact we have a shower and locker room at the office so I can get kitted out, push hard, and freshen up before I start the workday.  A couple of weeks ago I forgot to pack underwear ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯  Left my keys in the ignition of my car all day... with the car still on. While on the phone with someone  I asked where my phone was...  Drove off with the gas hose still in my car.  Also, left my car keys in the freezer. I am sure not the most ADHD thing but last week I lost the magnet to the cabinet child locks. I went and purchased a new key, found the old one in one of the locked cabinets. 

At tax time My husband was expecting some important mail. i lost the mail key. We had to file an extension, in December we found the mail key in the cracks of the car seat. I forgot so let the baby play with the keychain. One time i was making a sandwich and i put it down because my phone was ringing, when i was done on the phone the sandwich was gone. so i said fuck it and made a hot pocket, but as i was putting the bread back i felt the sandwich i made inside the bread bag Put a book I was reading in the freezer when I grabbed a popsicle. Gone for days.  I put a Lunchables pack that included a Capri Sun in the microwave once.  My girlfriend had to remind me of the ending to GotG 2 when we getting off of Guardians Mission Breakout recently and I was wondering if Yondu would be in part three because apparently despite bawling my eyes out in the theater my brain had completely voided all of that from my memory until she reminded me.  My mom told me she was going to pick up my brother (who was 9/10 at the time) from school, picked him up, went to the bank, then came home- without my brother.  I have adhd, I constantly..........  I had to make an assessment for a new job. One part was numerical reasoning. It felt like half of the questions were about exhange rates and I just don't get the concept of it. I was just thinking "who decides what the exchange rate is? Does the American decide or the Japanese one? Why is it higher in the morning? Because people are cranky after a day of work?"
And than my time ran out.. Great.. But I did get the job.  Paid the cashier, took my change, and started walking away. The cashier called after me because I forgot to take the things I bought.

This happened more than once. Not the most cos I can’t really remember but in class I was fiddling with a pen and launched it across the room hitting the teacher. She was not happy with me 😂 Threw gig tickets in the bin I was due to post the next day to a reseller ..

Threw my train ticket in the bin to go to London for my ADHD diagnosis....  Got on the train to go home from work. Realised I was on the wrong train. Got off at  the closest station I could to get back on the correct line. Got on a second train. Realised I was heading BACK to work, to the station I already left. Could do nothing but wait for it to arrive and get back on another train home, finally this time, the correct one! I left a half gallon of milk in the cupboard. 

My son also has ADHD, I found a ps3 controller in the fridge once.  Cut seven out of ten fingernails.  So many examples, but the one that makes me laugh the most is: Regularly setting coffee to brew in the keurig without a coffee cup underneath it. “On? Check. Water? Check. Pod in? Check. All good to Brew!” HA. Not even just in the morning. All hours of the day. Coffee all over the counter, so much coffee.... I was baking a cake, forgot to flour the pan, removed all the batter, forgot why I did that, poured the batter back in then remembered I didn't flour the pan.... I repeated this process twice until I finally wrote on a post-it note FLOUR THE PAN.

Cake was good though :) I work a delivery driver I put down the persons drink to check the bag and somehow forgot to pick the drink back up lol The first time I ever drove myself to school I was so excited that I left my backpack at home. I didn't realize anything until after class had started.
 I just subscribed and am skimming through for help because it’s my third day of working on a script draft that’s due Tuesday (it’s only 10% written) and the Adderall and focus music aren’t helping... (Or if they are, this is far worse than I’d imagined.)

I’m 35 and haven’t struggled this hard with my ADHD and deadline since nearly not graduating from high school... 

Send help.

😭😭😭
 I was living 1 hour away from my school, and managed to forget my computer 3 days in a row, which was problematic since we had to do all the assignments online. Once I mixed a plus sign with a subtraction sign! I took the wrong metro so I had to step out and take the one in the other direction. Then I missed my stop in the metro. Went back, missed my stop again. Had to go back again into the right direction. I managed to get home somehow. I left my car unlocked, keys still in the ignition over-night in town. 

Lucky crime is so low where I live it was still there in the morning haha.  life The amount of times I have put things that are not food in the fridge...

Also, one of the signs from my childhood that I often cite is taking the full trash bag out to the garbage bin, returning to the house, and then going on to the next task without remembering to put a new bag in. Just... so, so many lectures about why I needed to "care more." Went to Jamba Juice for a smoothie. Was very excited about the smoothie. Went to throw the straw wrapper away and tossed the smoothie in the trash instead. I didn't even get a single sip :( Most recent thing is when I pulled into my own driveway only to realize that I was still holding the whiteboard marker from my SO's apartment (we use it to mark when the dog was fed). Oops. Screwing up my life **Tl;dr because this ended up longer than I intended: procrastinated every aspect of my undergrad honours thesis, to the point of writing my presentation and paper hours before they were due. Supervisor gave me an A but also called me out on leaving everything the last second. ** 


My honours thesis in my final year of undergrad lmao. Towards the end of the semester (end of march/beginning of April) I asked my supervisor when he wanted me to hand in my final paper. He didn't give me a deadline, was just like "whenever is fine, as long as you have it in to me before grades have to be submitted so I have time to mark it and submit your grade". The deadline for profs submitting grades was at the very end of April. 

To the surprise of absolutely no one, I did exactly nothing of note for the vast majority of April, and wrote my entire thesis in 3 days before the deadline for grade submission, which included pulling 2 all-nighters in a row. I submitted a copy of my paper by email at 5am the day grades were due. 

I still ended up getting an A, and when he went back my paper with his comments, he'd said something along the lines of "procrastination was evident throughout the year but overall well done" (keep in mind that this was just the worst of it - prior to this point I had submitted my proposal extremely late, and in our weekly meetings it was fairly evident that I hadn't been making much headway on data analysis when it came to that as well)

Bonus round: when i was going through my graded paper to see his comments, at the very end there were two or three graphs that had [insert figure caption] under them - figure captions I'd missed in my final 4am edits

Bonus bonus round: earlier in march all the honours students had to give an oral presentation of their work (didn't have to be complete, just what they had so far). It was part of the grade, but also gave a chance to present their research in front of other students and profs who could ask questions and offer ideas/suggestions for us to take into account when writing our final papers. I put my PowerPoint together 2 hours before I gave my presentation and more or less winged the presentation itself.  Well I ran my first *two* phones through the washer.

Also I procrastinated all semester on a 15-25 page paper and wrote it all on the last night before it was due.

I built a staple shooter out of a mechanical pencil and a rubber band to give my hands something to do in class. 

I’ve successfully forgotten about and ignored assignments and training at work for months.

I’m still driving around with a packaged ikea shelf in my trunk cause I keep forgetting to take it out.

I’ve spent hours playing stupid mobile games after telling myself I’ll go to bed at 12, no 12:30, no 1, etc.

Still waiting on diagnosis... Ran the water in the bathroom sink to soak something (with the sink plugged), left it running while I checked something, went into the kitchen saw the dishwasher overflowing with bubbles because I put in dish washing soap in it instead of dishwashing soap, cleaned that up, went back to the sink where I was soaking something and it was overflowing the bathroom. Forgetting to eat :’)  Today I showered and shampooed 3 times without realizing I shampooed 3 times. I also drove to get coffee and when I got to the store I realized I forgot my wallet(: obviously I didn’t take my meds today. 

Yesterday I lost my boyfriends apartment keys and had to pay him $45 for new ones.

Also being in college and meeting someone and feeling like an asshole for completely forgetting their name and having them tell you their name 5 more times before it registers in your brain.

The worst feeling overall is being told “you don’t care or try enough”. It sucks being told that by the people you love because you are trying so hard, and letting them down and them being frustrated with you hurts a lot. Closed my head in a screen door. Hard. Opened the door, and proceeded to do it again. 

Was grounded in elementary school, and sent to my room. Saw my neighbour playing outside. Really wanted to say hi, so I tried to wave to her out my window. Went out too far. Fell, and was hanging on by my feet (and hands on the awning below). Her mom phoned my mom to rescue me.

Opened a jar of fish food. Pinched a bunch of flakes to feed to the fish. Instead of putting the food in the tank, I dropped the entire container of food on the floor. Then panicked and dropped the flakes in my hand on the floor too.

I trip everywhere. Once fell down an entire flight of stairs and slammed into my screen door (what is it with me and screen doors?!). The Jehovah’s Witnesses who had knocked were startled to say the least. I posted something my mom did (who I’m convinced is undiagnosed adhd), but my own greatest hits include: (1) taking my tv remote with me when I leave in the morning, (2) coming home and immediately losing my keys or phone, (3) stopping talking mid sentence bc I cannot remember what I was talking about (4) meeting people and immediately, like before the conversation is over, forgetting their names, (5) making a plate of food and forgetting to eat it I threw away a full jar of peanut butter. [deleted] This is my favorite one It was only in front of 250 people... mostly parents friends 🤦‍♀️

I’ve also thrown my phone out(never to be recovered) and took my daughter to school when there wasn’t school that day multiple times.

Somehow it took me until I was 30 to be diagnosed  my mom and i both have adhd too! she made banana bread and forgot to put in the bananas... this is the most relatable thing I’ve read all day Just now, I'm up later than I originally planned to be because I need to do laundry tonight. I put the laundry in. Distracted myself with existing at this late hour, and thanks to this exact post, I'm about to throw this stuff into the dryer.  My life all fucking day without meds (or on meds but sleep-deprived).  Oh man this is relatable. When I really need to remember what I'm doing, I find myself quietly singing a little song that just repeats what I'm supposed to do. It's just like repeating "grab your shirt," but melodically. It does help though. Relatable. I put my phone in the fridge at a party today 
 I try to regularly go through EVERYTHING for this type of eventuality. This is one of the saddest ones to me though. I recall losing a toy as a child for a year. It ended up being behind a box that I somehow never searched lol. Putting anything in a "safe place" is more like "safe from being remembered ever" place.

Edit: punctuation. That happened to me! I left my ring inside a vase for some reason... for almost 2 years.  I stopped wearing my ring because I misplaced it every time I wear it. Every time I wash my hands o forget it on the counter or put it in my pocket and forget that I put it there and then have a mini panic attack when my wife asks me where why I don’t have my ring on  Thanks man, I was getting down on myself because I impulsively bought mike and ikes and a large coffee with the rest of my money. I don't even like mike and ikes. Oh god oh god. Relieved to get to the end and learn it was ok though.  Oh my gosh leaving things in my trunk!! I finally had to get so serious about not using my trunk when I had purchased a bunch of watermelons off a roadside vendor intending to give them away. Never brought them inside, within a few days they EXPLODED and I had to get my trunk detailed three times to get the smell out... hahaha oh dear... trunks are no good  please do, had a great laugh reading these. The garbage bin! A year or so ago I did the same with an eaten apple and my keys while walking to work, in a bin just outside my office. The bin was nearly empty which was kind of good, except it's one of those tall public bins and I am also short, so to get them I had to pull the bin nearly to the ground and put most of my body inside it in order to reach my keys at the bottom. Still not sure if I maybe smelled like garbage at work that day and no one said anything.  My mom also has it and I recall a box of cereal mysteriously disappearing. She'd done some laundry and we later found it sitting on top of the dryer.  Just this week, I scheduled a meeting with a professor so he could sign my disability services letter. I forgot the letter that morning, and had to ask him to reschedule. I’m dying to know how you’re able to effectively lawyer with this shit bc I am STRUGGLING lol One of my worst fears is showering after the gym and realise I've forgotten underpants or a shirt or socks  Last winter, on one of the coldest days of the year (wind-chill advisory), I locked myself out of my car, downtown, while it was still running, and had low gas. My phone was on 5% and it died just after roadside assistance told me the wait was going to be two hours. I had to work (after stopping at home to get work clothes) in three hours.

At some point, I decided that the meter was paid and that my car was locked, so even running it was kinda safe? I went into a cafe and asked to use their phone to make a call. I called the two numbers I had written down in my wallet (both of which didn't live in my city anymore). They had to phone tree out to someone that could help.

After help and roadside assistance was called and on their way, I stood outside in the cold for 20 minutes until I could no longer bear it. I popped into a store and asked to wait in there.

After 10 minutes indoors, I realized I had my remote unlock fab in my pocket. My gf makes me feel so stupid everytime i do that  Typically I do this with sunglasses while wearing them. Also, I have asked people where my phone was while they were borrowing it, talking on it. Done that first one. Did you know, in the US, they're supposed to detach when you do that? Mine did not. The handle cracked and gas poured all over. I ended up cutting a >$200 check to replace it, which I later learned shouldn't have happened because their pump was waaaay out of regulation. I think, because it was a chain, they literally might have pocketed my check. It happened years ago, and I'll never be able to prove this. But he could still be in 3 right because he's alive *in our hearts* <3 I have done this when I prepaid for gas, and at the drive through as well as walking away from a cashier like you said many times. There is no one to call you back at the drive through or a gas pump :/ I usually realize when I pull into the drive way that I don’t have what I went to do.  I always do this :( On one of my first days of grad school I was talking to a classmate before class started, and I was fiddling around with a pen and shot it down the hallway. I went to pick it up and then continued the conversation, but kept fidgeting with the pen and shot it down the same hallway again. Not sure I made the best impression that day... she avoided me most of the semester after that! Struggles.  I always forget my stuff for school. Luckily I meet my friends 5 minutes away from my house so usually I have time to run back and get it once they remind me I always load the dishwasher and then forget to turn it on I have almost done this so many times! It takes almost all of my focus and concentration not to... What do you mean? Why we forget things??? Why Laundry is one of the greatest challenges for people with ADHD. I've seen it here so many times. Usually not high stakes so its not bad (until you only have an hour and a half and you HAVE to do it.) That story is from before I was diagnosed. 

I did find a safe place that works for me. It's called "giving it to my wife" to remember. I still don't wear my ring. I never got used to wearing the ring, so I keep I at home and put it on only for certain situations and dates. Out of sight out of mind .. it’s like a black hole that I totally forget I’m driving around with. 
I was just thinking right now I have pool floats, noodles, beach bags and spare sets of clothes, an air compressor and a variety of pre packed snacks that’s making grocery day difficult ... I should do something about that before I go to Costco. Thanks for the reminder! 😏 I use spreadsheets to track every aspect of my practice, and they are all lined up with shortcuts on my desktop. I still sometimes tempt fate with procrastination, and I'm horrendous at getting timesheets submitted on time, but other than that, it's not that bad. It helps that most of my cases fascinate me, which makes hyperfocus my superpower. I lived in northern Michigan. We have lake effect snow for like 6 months straight. One day I locked myself out of my car twice to clear snow. The same lock smith came both times. It was so embarrassing.  I've done the opposite - I wondered why I couldn't see anything, then realised I hadn't put on my glasses. Which I've been wearing full time... since I was seven... Aww man that sucks. Sorry to hear that! Also just a minute ago remembered an epic tifu adhd moment and while reading the comments, forgot to post it. Solidarity, buddy.

It really frustrates me that my parents don't think I have ADHD even though my therapist, who's a specialist, agrees.... because now that I've learned what to look for, it's REALLY obvious I got it from my mom. The woman who has put milk in the bread box and only noticed after it turned bad. Sometimes I put it off until I have no clothes to wear... and then instead of doing the laundry, I just stay in all day. And then when I finally do the laundry I leave it in the machine for far too long and it stinks of damp by the time I take it out. I have trouble tackling big projects, I’m horrible with deadlines, and make stupid mistakes in the things I write- even when I proofread. I have ridiculous anxiety bc I’m terrified to turn things in bc I know there will be some little thing that I didn’t catch. Any tips?  I’m known to just go buy my kids a new outfit so I can put off doing laundry one more day. When they were really little if I was really careful and used bibs carefully, I could extend that to *two* days  Some of my spreadsheets are checklists. I make checklists for everything. I print stuff out to proofread it, and if it's big, I have a non-lawyer also proofread it. Also I never let me pile (you know what I'm talking about) go for more than one week without revisiting everything in it to see if I need to calendar or spreadsheet something. 