Staircases in Space: Why Are Places in Science Fiction Not Wheelchair-Accessible?  Because at that point, we have figured out how to "fix" the disabled through genetic mutation or re-growing limbs and such.  Star Trek Deep Space 9 once had an episode where a lady was disabled and needed a chair and the entire space station had lips and ramps because of the cardassian design.  When she got in her room, she would have zero gravity and she would be able to get out of chair and be free.

Source: Am a disabled nerd. Why do you need something to be wheelchair accessible if you have a hover chair? Or robot suit? Or a genetically re-engineered body?  


Think about War Machine from Avengers for a minute...he walks using a robot suit Because medical care generally advances significantly in the future, way beyond what we normally would have . One example is in Mass Effect where the helmsman Joker has received cybernetic implants to treat his moderate to severe osteogenesis imperfecta. He can’t keep up with the protagonist and walks with a limp, but he can definitely fire an assault rifle without breaking several bones and did save the day once in the second game. Because in the future and in other civilizations spinal cord injuries are repaired. IN SCI FI THEY CAN JUST MAKE YOUR LEGS WORK! Jesus. Didn't you see Star Quest? Aliens eat their disabled.  Wouldn't an advanced society be beyond stairs? A step send like a very very old technique. Why wouldn't a flat angled surface be better? Or just teleport. The episode, for those looking, is "Melora." They’ll kill Guy! This. If you're in space, in theory you'd be floating around with some sort of propulsion system. Stairs wouldn't be needed. If you have a gravity field, it seems to me that you'd still have some other technology that would functionally replace stairs, or, as u/jakhak points out, DME that would allow people to walk would likely be more readily available. Stairs are easier and cheaper and a flat angled surface poses it's own set of problems. Again, it's sci fi, just make medicine better.

In a sci fi book I wrote, I had wheelchairs as still a thing for people leaving hospitals after surgery (super light and easy to use, but manual) because that would likely be the most affordable solution to the issue of post-operative mobility.  Yes!!! 