Wheelchair Repairs and Costs? How do you guys get your wheelchairs repaired (manual wheelchair, so armpads, wheels, bearings, etc)?

Approximately what's the cost for this type of service?

Chair is an Invacare if that matters. Typically your insurance will handle this for you. Call them and tell them you need your chair serviced. My wonderful insurance company makes me get a prescription from a doctor every time I need my chair serviced.

If you bought your chair yourself, you are probably on your own for repairs. You can call a local mobility store to see if they can do repairs for you, but it will probably cost a small fortune, and many places will *only* service chairs they have sold. They’re used to billing insurance companies, and my experience has been that they aren’t very helpful to people without insurance. YMMV though, as I’m sure there are some good ones out there.

Basic repairs, like replacing the armrests or front casters, are probably pretty easy to do on your own if you can push a manual chair. I do all the work on my manual chair myself. If you have to adjust the axels, though, be careful: they’re often overtightened at the factory and can be very hard to get loose. I had to break my chair down completely so that I could soak them in WD40, and it still took a bench vice and an hammer to break one of them loose. If you aren’t having to replace quicklocks, though, that shouldn’t be an issue. 

Regarding wheels, I *think* the bearings require a special press to fit them in most modern wheels. I’m sure there are exceptions, but I don’t know that it’s a DIY project for most wheels. If you have inflatable tires, you can replace those yourself. Go to AutoZone and buy a car interior/trim removal kit, which is several heavy plastic prybars of various shapes. Deflate the wheels and use the prybar to pull the rubber off. Then replace the tube and the rubber, and reinflate. It’s very straightforward, and if you have the strength and dexterity for a manual chair you should be able to do it. Solid core wheels/non-pneumatic wheels are not user serviceable. You pretty much cannot replace the tires yourself as it requires a very strong piece of equipment to overstretch the rubber. Honestly, it was cheaper for me to buy an entirely new set of wheels with tires on them last time, rather than paying someone to replace only the tires.

If you look up the manufacturer online, they’ll have a 1-800 number you can call for help. They should be able to email you the service manual free of charge. 

Even power chairs have loads of user-serviceable components. I do about 90% of the day-to-day maintenance myself on my power chair, just calling them when it’s something with the batteries or electronics. I got my chair damaged by an airplane in Oct. This usually takes 2 weeks to do, took them a month, all because the tech filed it incorrectly. The bill was $1179 for arm pads, joystick, and a shroud. I'd probably be charged $175 if it wasn't covered by the airline. Free if I have 6 months to wait for insurance to process the repair/alteration.  The more minor stuff (tightening and adjusting) I do for my son (he's the wheelchair user) since he is physically unable to do it.     I buy parts from monsterscooterparts.com if they aren't too expensive and have friends or family members help install them. 

To go through the medical supply store that I got my powerchair from I would have to wait several weeks or months and I would only save a little going through them. 

So I only use the Medicare supplier when I need  really expensive parts like a new controller($500 or so). I buy my own parts on sportaid.com and get help from local bike co-op to fix things. The difference is a $15/hr labour fee vs 80-120/hr labour at the wheelchair store.
Why do you have armrests anyway on a manual chair? Hmm. Taking the opportunity to ask you about this since you’re so knowledgeable—you mentioned wheel bearings might not be a DIY project. So is that in contrast to castor bearings? I’m used to replacing castor bearings, but am experiencing for the first time the need to replace a main wheel bearing and am not sure how to proceed (other than through insurance/DME company, which sigh...is so annoying). Thanks.

Just curious, have you ever come across any guidelines on how often chairs should be disinfected? I can’t say for certain, because it depends on the specific wheels and axels you have. Some of them require a lot of pressure to get them replaced. If you disassemble yours and can get to the bearings, you should know pretty quickly/easily. If you can pull the bearing out by hand, you should be able to put the new one in by hand. If it takes a flathead and a hammer to get out, it’s very likely going to require a lot of pressure to get the new ones in. You could always use a wooden block and a hammer for those, but I wouldn’t recommend it unless you absolutely have no other options.

As I mentioned above, you can call the manufacturer of your chair and they should email you the owners/service manual for free if you don’t have yours any more. It should walk you through the repair if it’s something you can do at home. For sure! 

As for disinfecting, I imagine it’s all relative to your needs and habits. I generally just wipe mine down, but if you have a need for things to be disinfected then I doubt there is a problem with doing it frequently. Obviously your specific disability and any semi-permanently attached accoutrement would affect that calculation. Thanks! 