Teenage boy denied entry to Toronto cat café because of his wheelchair  I’m baffled by this. Im sorry a cat got hurt by a wheelchair. Do they ban all people who accidentally step on a cat, give the cat a nibble he throws up, or knocks a kitty in the head when opening the door?
Let the kid in. If it’s truly that big of a deal, ask his mom to help clear a path in and out. 
 Looks like this place is gonna have to shut down since that's what the owner said she'd do instead of allowing in wheelchairs ... which is THE LAW. Saw this on r/wheelchairs. I understand the fears for the cats (I have 2 cats and I just watch out for tails), but there's an easy solution: bring the wheelchair in while someone makes sure  there are no cats around, then just ask that the wheelchair remain with its breaks on. 

I was looking at the café's FB page last night and it seems that people with wheelchairs aren't the only customers the owners are dicks to. Some people should just not own businesses.  The last sentence: "If she has to allow wheelchair access to her cafe, she'd just close it down."

I hope the wheelchair-user community of Toronto marches down on this place for that statement. Is there something similar to ADA in Canada?  Ugh I hope someone sues. That's like saying a wheelchair user can't go to Disneyland in case they run into a child (have been to Disneyland with my powerchair, can confirm sugar high children are feral and fast and will run in front of moving objects). I know that tails get run over occasionally, but in my household is far more likely that an able-bodied person will accidentally step on a cat. If anything, my cats have absolutely no fear of my wheelchair, and won't even get out of the way when they're blocking my path.

It's been my experience that cats love wheelchair users for their always-available laps. And they love sitting on my ventilator; I think the warmth and breathing noises are comforting to them. I ended up googling them their reviews are insane. They have like 101 rules what you can't do and they really get pissed off at you even if a cat comes up to you wanting a pet before you pay and even petting cat's certain ways is against the rules.

Their clearly crazy cat people trying to milk the cats for making money but also don't want the cats to be touched in the end. 

From the reviews they seem to put a ton of people in foul moods.  Yeah their not looking for suggestions etc. Their just milking money out of customers using their cats to sell it not trying to make a enjoyable atmosphere.  Or just let it go and say goodbye to a shit business and even shittier business owner. Why should we give her our money if she can't even comply with basic laws and standards. She has to do it regardless. Its against the law. https://www.canada.ca/en/canadian-heritage/services/rights-people-disabilities.html

Have not had time to go through it though.  Ontario does. Yeah the AODA is the provincial legislation that mandates wheelchairs cannot be denied access (unless there are physical barriers that make it impossible). I have cats Greg, can you milk me? Yeah, their behaviour towards customers in general (and their response to the media) makes it clear this cafe is a "let's hop on a bandwagon, get to own a bunch of cats and make money doing it!" venture. Owning a successful business isn't that easy.  Ontario has the AODA, passed in 2005. Does this protect Canadians from situations like this? Will the business be responsible for now changing their policies and making it accessible?  You would like that, wouldn't you Focker. And they still have a long way to go. Toronto is fairly inaccessible in the popular parts of downtown, with most business fronts either a half story up or down from sidewalks just about everywhere and no accessible means or push for any of the buildings. I am not an expert on their law, but I believe so, see https://accessontario.com/aoda/ I'd agree with you there. Not being able to accommodate due physical space is a lot different than claiming there's no law, like OP did. 