Answering "Why are you in a wheelchair?" (especially as an ambulatory user) People constantly ask me why I'm a wheelchair user, with varying degrees of rudeness, and usually I actually try to answer. I can stand up and I don't usually make a great show of hiding it, and for some reason this makes me feel like I'm especially obligated to answer people's questions.

The problem is that a) I don't think it's a very healthy attitude to have, thinking that accusatory strangers can make me talk about whatever they want, b) it's actually a complicated answer because there's so many contributing factors, physical and social, and and thus it takes time to explain, and c) I have really bad social anxiety and I feel panicky when people start up personal conversations about my body when I was just trying to get groceries or whatever. 

How do you all handle this yourselves, and do you have any advice? I'm not really a snappy-comebacks sort of person...I think I just want to defuse the situation and get away somehow.

 I ask them “Why do you ask?”

Usually they’ll fumble an answer and move on. If it’s a legit questioner, I’ll answer or not. 

 My standard response is: "That's a very personal question." If you want to be a smart ass, you can answer "Cause I asked too many questions." I found if they laugh at something like that then they're likely someone I'd get along with. I try to talk to people like they're children, because they're acting like it. "You know, that's not very nice to ask people. You wouldn't want someone asking why you need glasses or a cane, right?" And just say something like that in a sweet, motherly voice (or fatherly lol) as if they're just a little kid still learning the Golden rule. If they still make a stink, they clearly aren't worth your time trying to be polite.  I tend to say “because I need it” and if they keep asking questions I say that it is personal information and that they’re being invasive and rude. You know, because they are.  I can stand and walk short distances, so I get this question too and it isn't easy to explain without spending a ton of time (and I also have a speech impairment). If I'm likely to see the person again, I'll try to explain and educate.
 
However, if they are a grown ass adult and being rude, I'll just give them the whole "It hurts to walk, as does answering stupid questions." I try to give polite answers and educate people. I believe educating people about the various reasons people use wheelchairs is really important and it helps made the world a kinder place.  Because I need it.  I have a short go to answer that is more concise then accurate.  Haha. "Spinal cord injury. "  even though that has little to do with why I'm in the chair.     
Fatigue,  pain,  etc. are too hard to explain and invite more questions.  "I'm exhausted and offended by the question and I don't want to answer that or talk to you about this anymore starting now." My father is the same. His response is thus I have orthopedic issues with my back. I use the wheel chair so I can maintain my independence as my mobility wanes from over use. I know my chair looks snazzy because it’s a jazzy but can we be classy and talk about me and not my invalid assy. 

I use a cane I tell people it helps me be independent. I don’t like using it but I have good days and bad. Don’t let people get you down.  These are great, thank you! Favoring "Why do you ask?" because it hopefully will make someone actually think about whether it's necessary to know someone's business.
 I can't stand up at all, but I know that there are people who can stand but not walk and those that can walk a short distance but need a wheelchair for more than a few feet.

Some people (not me) can get out of their car and open the trunk to get out the wheelchair but then must use it.

It is good to politely answer questions to help educate people. 
"How many of you can think of marrying a person with disability?", Manju Sharma from Kolkata, India asks this question to all 'non-disabled' people.
"Disability should not be a reason for not being allowed to live a life with equal opportunities and full participation".
- Manju Sharma, Kolkata India sharing her experience of being in a wheelchair and addressing issues faced by disabled people
Watch her speech at kanthari TALKS 2017
https://youtu.be/g8zZy_I1LdA  I have EDS, POTS, cerebral hypoperfusion, Chianti Malformation, et cetera. I’ve been using crutches for 2.5 years and joint braces for nearly a year. I just got a power chair last month because my shoulders are in too bad of a shape to propel myself.

I’m never out in public in my chair (I only use it at my residential school), but I’m always on crutches and in braces on the rare occasion that I’m out and about. And... uh. I get a **lot** of rude questions.

“What did you *do* to yourself?” “Did you break your back?” “Were you in an accident?” “What’s wrong with you?” “Why are you like that?” And sometimes, people will talk to me very slowly and will use the shortest words possible. It’s incredibly insulting.

Anyway, I don’t answer most of the questions anymore. I don’t care what people think. If the first question you ask me is about my disability, then I’m not going to answer you. Besides, if you’re not planning to know me long enough to get on a first-name basis, then my disability is definitely not your business. 

But then again, my method doesn’t work for most people. I have a lot of reasons why I use mobility aids, but I usually boil it down to “I have severe joint dislocations that impair my walking.” Since you’re in a chair and also have EDS, I’d recommend doing something similar. It isn’t necessary to give them a full list of what you go through, even though it sometimes feels like you have to in order to justify your wheelchair use.

Now, if someone is genuinely asking in a polite manner and not just being immature, I’ll more often than not give them an answer. If they want more information, I’ll divulge a tiny bit more. Education is important, but you also don’t have to educate every person that asks. 

Best wishes. Same approach. Some folks use that opener because they're interested in getting a chair for themselves or friends--I'm happy to answer *those* questions. 

Otherwise, "Oh, is it 'explain oneself to random strangers day'? You go first, okay?" That’s so great 😊 I actually agree. A few times I've gotten people who sincerely and politely wanted to talk about it when we were already talking and I gave them my full attention and we had a whole long discussion about part-time use and media stereotypes of wheelchair users. That was nice. And I'll always talk to little kids if they want to know.

And another few times, when I was in a terrible mood and the person was being really rude and invasive, I actually gave them (relevant and calm) TMI until they were embarrassed about having asked. I feel like if I didn't have anxiety problems, I'd use this approach more, because when you ask a stranger about their hip/groin problems and unrelenting pain and fatigue, you should be prepared for a sad and raw sort of answer. Yep, I'm the latter (getting it out of the trunk) on a good day. The problem is that is depends. Some days I can't stand up without passing out immediately from high HR, some days I can stand but I can't walk from hip dislocation, some days I can walk a block but then I'm usually injured and wiped out by the end. All days it's much easier and safer to use a wheelchair. I concur. 