What is the best very lightweight wheelchair? Need suggestions. 
Money not an issue. 
Have MS and minimal upper body strength. 
Usually my husband pushes me but would like ability to wheel myself a bit. 
Power assist not desired. 
Edit. Located in US. 
Edit 2. I probably mean ultra lightweight.  What you're looking for can be called an Ultralight, Active or Energy Efficient chair depending on the brand, and I'm sure there are other names too. What chair do you currently use and what do you like or dislike about it? A huge part in finding the right chair is knowing what currently works and what you'd like to change.  

'The best' is really dependent on individual and their level of function. Their ability to tip and balance, durability, if it needs to be adjustable, weight requirements, folding ability, if they have a specific cushion etc. The most lightweight chair is not necessarily the most suitable for everyone. 

What I'd advise doing is finding your nearest wheelchair shop and paying a visit. These are often run by wheelchair users or at least have a user or OT on staff who can find out what you want from a chair. A few companies now make carbon fiber frames. The other standard ultra lightweight is titanium. You should be looking at around a 9 to 12 pounds frame. TiLite is kind of the standard. The motion composites chair is carbon fiber and probably lightest. I've seen it in person but didn't get to try it. You also need lightweight options like cushions and wheels. I've always used Spinergy for wheels.


https://www.spinlife.com/Motion-Composites-APEX-Rigid-Wheelchair/spec.cfm?productID=115625 I don’t know where you’re located, but Meyra has some great, elegant and lightweight options! Check out r/wheelchairs for insight from rollers and professionals Colours are amazing! Best chair I ever had, saving up for another!  
[http://colourswheelchair.com](http://colourswheelchair.com)

Ignore the cheesy pics on the website.  I use a whirlwind rough rider bc we travel in third world countries. Main issue is it’s weight. I can not lift it myself. 40 lbs?? Thank you Thank you. I’m in US. I’ll edit the post to add this.  Do you need your new chair to be able to deal with off-road terrain or is it a street chair - concrete, kerbs, the odd bit of grass etc? 

Do you need to be able to lift it yourself and if so do you know your max limit? I couldn't carry a 20kg chair, which is what your Whirlwind is apparently. A normal lightweight street chair is generally under 10kg, and carbon fibre models get much lower. If you have to put outroad wheels on that it's going to increase the weight obviously.  I think I overdid the rugged specs on the whirlwind. 

I think a regular street chair would suffice. I’d like to be able to lift it myself.  