Help with Wheelchair Accessible Kitchen Ideas. A little backstory. My brother was born with Osteogenesis imperfecta and as such has been mostly wheelchair bound his entire life. He used to have his own apartment setup for him with his wife. His wife left a while back and he seemed to being doing alright but fairly recently he was diagnosed with Schizophrenia. As such he is now staying with me as he needs quite a bit of care to help with his ALD's and to keep him safe when he is having problems.

I want to help him become somewhat independent again and have been slowly trying to get my house setup for him. I don't have a lot of money and now we have another mouth to feed so it is always hard. He expressed a desire to be able cook again and I would like to help him with that.

Since my kitchen is decently sized, I was thinking of picking up a used Cabinet and trying to modify it safely so his wheelchair could roll underneath. Putting it on locking casters so when not in use we could move it out of the way so it doesn't block his path in the kitchen. Perhaps then around tax time I can modify it further to put a Stove range on top for him.

I am also planning on modifying the cabinets below the sink to let him roll up to them. I don't have much carpentry skill so I will be learning as I go and hopefully I don't mess up.

Any other ideas for setting up a kitchen for a person in a wheel chair on a budget? Or do you have suggestions or improvements to my initial ideas? I am open to hear anything and everything. I'd just like to help my brother get a sense of having his normal life back in whatever ways I can.

Thanks for your time. If you have the pans for it already, I'd consider picking up a cheapish induction cooktop. They're small and light, so they can be kept on a shelf and have him just put it on the table or a counter he's comfortable with the height of, and they don't heat up practically at all so no risk of burning himself or the counter/table unless he does something dumb with the pan.

I'd also ask him what he's likely to use and possibly set them aside somewhere lower, like plates that are normally kept up in a high cabinet could be moved lower, or the knife block pushed way back on a cabinet could be put into a lower one, with the cutting board next to it. I can't use a stove or the oven, but just before Christmas, i bought an InstantPot. One of the best decisions I have made. Now I can cook pasta, rice, stew, and other things on my own and pretty safely too.  We use the “Svane” kitchen design “WBL” for cabinets. Really great design and easy for me. Just press to open cabinets. Don’t know if there’s an varient outside of DK tho. You have no idea how much this would mean to your brother. The support your showing him is amazing. I’m paralyzed recently and have modified my kitchen and to be able to cook again for myself and my daughter and it  has given me back my confidence. The shelf that you can roll the wheelchair under is the best part of it. Also I have presses on coasters that pull out so that everything is easily accessible. And the induction hob which I love as I have no feeling in my hands and as it cuts of heat as soon as you remove the pan from it it have saved me from constantly burning myself like I used to do. One thing that I have done to my new kitchen though  is chip the counter tops with my wheelchair so if you could find a way to stop that it would be great  Good luck.  