Issues with abled bodied parents Hi, I was wondering if any one else out there had the same experience.  I guess y’all  need some context.  

I was born with a genetic based disability that causes me to alternate between wheelchair and crutches. 

While in middle school I was unofficially diagnosed with anxiety and depression by the schools councilor. (She didn’t have the authority to officially diagnose because she wasn’t finished with her PHD yet). 

When I got older my parents never bothered to get me more help because I was really good at hiding it. 

It wasn’t until junior year of high school that I realized what my anxiety is based on and second year of college to realize how it formed. 

All my fears is based on being a burden. 

My entire life my parents made the house slightly more difficult to access. I’m not talking about structural issues but rather here I can’t make my a bowl of cereal by myself.  

The utensils are out of my reach the cereal that only I eat are in a pantry that I can’t reach any thing in. And they buy gallons and dump half rather get the one I can lift.  

That’s just one example I have plenty others where they can easily make it so I can do it but designed the place so it’s almost impractical to them to make sure I can’t. (I might be exaggerating but that’s how it feels some times.) 

But that wasn’t the end of it after helping me they made sure I knew how much I inconvenience them. 

I got to the point that I’d rather die than be a burden. 

Then I started living in a college dorm and low and behold I could do everything myself.  

I don’t know is there any one else that feels like there is a borderline emotional abuse with the tool being your disability?  Oi vey. Reading these comments. I'm a parent with a disabled 4 year old now. I'm constantly trying to help her, and it's exhausting me and me wife. 

I really hope we're doing right by her. We're doing the best we can to manage everything and push her to be independent.  Its a result of dependence IMO. My family is pretty toxic. Before I was disabled I simply avoided them for the most part.

Things that would not have bothered me before loom much larger because I'm essentially trapped.

It seems older people struggle with not having things their way. My grandmother who is 90 couldn't handle the slightest bit of compromise, and my late 60s parents struggle with what appear to be reasonable requests. I think its just the result of decades of making all of the decisions.

Not only do they dislike compromise, they certainly don't like feeling that they need to justify themselves. I had the argument over half gallon vs full gallon, and it literally took 6 months to make the folks see that we were pouring milk down the drain because it would go bad before it was used, them we'd be out, It was a constant source of irritation if we had room for another full gallon etc.

To someone that has not been in this position, it might seem silly, but combine 15 or 20 of these issues and its death by a thousand paper cuts, it makes for an unpleasant time for all involved.

I had a roommate for 5 out of the last 10 years before I became disabled, some give and take was just the way things were.

If it were feasible, I'd move out and live independently, but the hurdles there are insurmountable. so This is just the way my life is.

I feel your pain, glad to see that you are doing better in college.

Edit: with a sample size of three maybe their behavior has nothing to do with decades of calling the shots with little compromise. They might just all be shitty people and I just never noticed when I was younger. I know this feeling. A lot. I have some sort of corticobasal syndrome, and I alt between crutches and wheelchair but more and more with wheelchair nowadays.

I live away from my mother now, but whenever I'm around her it's all about how i should try harder, and that I'm a burden and how i can't do anything for myself etc and yeah, sometimes I need a bit of help but I can generally do everything for myself. Consequently, I have a diagnosed anxiety/panic disorder and depression and am seeking therapy to help untangle the mess of disability stuff that my mother and my upbringing has engrained into my head. Hard thing to deal with yknow?

But, it is slowly passing- independence and more reflection of my experience, and validation of it, helps. Absolutely. Narcissists thrive on us. I'm paralyzed and live in a house I designed myself where all the things I want to use are where I can reach them. When I go to visit my parents, it is definitely a little weird. I asked my parents to put a full place setting down where I can reach it in case I want a snack. They were happy to do it, but hadn't thought of it themselves. Sometimes you have to tell people what you need them to do. 

If you have asked for specific accommodations and they are actively pushing back against it because they want you to have to depend on them for everything like you are an infant, then I would just tell them "I'm not coming for a visit. I find it too frustrating to ask you for everything. Until you put the essentials where I can reach them, I will continue to spend vacations elsewhere." I got diagnosed being retarded by a teacher that barely had a BS.  But that’s great! Encouraging independence and letting her explore the world like other kids do is the best way to do it! Letting her venture out, even get a little scraped up from time to time and generally treating her as “normally” as possible will pay off later. 

My parents even now don’t help me unless I ask for it... They believe I should be independent and won’t interfere unless I say I need help. Occasionally, my Dad will ask if I need help and if I say no thanks, he just leaves me to it...

Honestly, I love it :)  I think you got downvoted for using the R word.  But in the context of diagnoses...retarded was the official word used by the medical community for a long time, probably when you were in school.  Current ICD-10 codes don't use it but the ICD-9 codes used it in the description of code 319. At the time, that was the word used. This was around '66. People really need to learn every event throughout the history of mankind didn't happen yesterday.  They are usually not old enough on here to remember things like that. It was used in my youth also.  