Non-Disabled RPG Player Portraying Disabled Character Hi friends - I'm a Game Master and frequent player of tabletop RPG games like Dungeon & Dragons and I want to create a superhero character that uses a wheelchair for a podcast and Twitch stream. My only concern is that I'm not disabled and I don't want to offend anyone. So I have two questions:

1. Should I just, you know...not? Or is this ok?
2. If I do use this character, what are somethings I should absolutely avoid?  Part time wheelchair user here (some days my legs work, some days they don't).

 Sounds like a fun idea! Love that you are increasing the visibility of people with disabilities! 

 You might want to decide why your character is in a wheelchair (injury or born that way or chronic health issue - if it's the latter they may have additional symptoms) and if your character is 100% chair dependent or if they have some ability to get around using other aids eg sticks / crutches. 

Also frustratingly there are lots of places that are inaccessible in a chair and you'll need to consider that, not just stairs but anywhere the chair might be too wide or bulky to fit. If it's a manual chair give them gloves so they can push themselves and don't get cold / sore hands! 

Also something about other people's reactions could be interesting - my experience is that kids (and dogs!) are openly curious and usually friendly, most adults polite and surprisingly helpful, a few obnoxious adults talk to me like I'm an idiot or worse address questions over my head to my husband (because disabled = stupid /s) or walk or stand in front of me, which is particularly irritating because a) I don't want my legs / chair bumped and b) my eyes are at approximately butt level!! 

Good luck!  Dude, just go for it. If you want to respect the community, do some research on ways your character would *realistically* run in to trouble (usually it's at the worst time possible, too), and the skills your character would have to get out of routine troubles like that.

Hell, every once in a great while it should even be an asset. Due to what I've had to endure, there are situations where I actually rise above normal people. It's new to them, so they struggle. It's a cakewalk for me, because that's just Tuesday. What did you want this character to do, and act like? I don't see it as an issue but you'd have to work around making it accurate. Id say go for it! Perhaps list here what your intending and we can tell you what works/doesn't :) It's been done.   Prof Xavier, Anne McCaffrey had one, I've seen two in lesser-known comic strips.  

I suppose most in chairs will be too occupied to take offense, but maybe a few SJWs looking for a "cause".   Thanks so much for sharing your experience with me! This is super helpful for me when thinking about my characters backstory.  My idea right now is to create a high school aged mechanic whiz that built himself a powered suit (a la Iron Man) as both A) a way to test their engineering and programming skills and B) to create a way for them to be able to walk/run - which he's never been able to do fully since he was born with HSP. They use a pretty standard wheelchair to get around. 

Honestly, I don't want to focus too much on the kids physical disability - they have to use elevators or ramps when available and it would become a serious issue if they tried to go through a small space, but I don't want "kid in wheelchair" to be the main character descriptor.  