Are we too politically correct? Here's a Monday morning debate for you all...

As a community are we too worried about what not to say incase of causing offence, rather than promoting the underlying issue?

 My prosthetics and orthopedics place has a very open design to encourage patients and families to chit chat.  They are also world renowned, so people come from all over to get worked on there.

  Because of these things, I've met tons of disabled folks from a lot of different backgrounds and perspectives.  All the way from paralympians to parents getting equipment for their disabled baby.

  Out of all my interactions and observations in the years I've gone there, I've only seen one person freak out regarding PC stuff.  It was some dude getting loud with everyone that disabled people are too whiny and demand that everyone adopt all these new words by force, yadayada.  In fact, in my years as a double amp, he's the only person I've ever heard even talk about that shit outside the internet.

  Most visibly disabled people I've met or know don't talk about what they are called.  They dont really care.  What gets talked about is how society treats us in general.  Assuming we're incapable of doing anything, jumping in to "help" uninvited, bothering us when we're clearly busy because they just need to know what's up with our disability, etc.

  I don't think the disabled community cares nearly as much about the words people use, as they do towards how we're actually treated.  No one really calls disabled people cripples or retards anymore after all.  I do think a tiny amount of disabled folks are drama queens, like any group has.  They'll look for reasons to be upset and argue.  Reasons like what words people use, or saying that worrying about words is too much.
 [deleted] Personally, I think yes. I am in a bit of a grey area as I definitely am pretty much on the left, but and it may be an age thing--Gen Xer..but I (and many of my cohorts) thing it is getting a bit out of control and it is, from what I have experienced IRL and have seen elsewhere is that is kinda backfiring.  I am of the mind that battles need to be chosen and then slowly work other things in. It has to be about priorities, language doesn't change over night. There is too much finger pointing and shit's getting awkward. The odd thing is getting to a level of puritanical bullshit that basically they are fighting against.  

On a personal level. My goal is to strive to treat people with respect and kindness, unless they are a total dick.  BUT, I am a joker and I do not like walking on eggshells.  I forget the quote, and I'd have to go to the South Park sub, but there was something two seasons ago  about "how i lived through the first wave of PC..."

Ultimately, I think a lot of people are so wrapped up in not offending people that it is obvious they are not having one iota of fun or joy, everyone needs to lighten up.   Lastly, poking fun at yourself is a good way to get someone to chill out.   Absolutely. The number of times people have awkwardly phrased a question about my wheelchair or referred to me as “he” (I’m not a dude) and profusely apologised when I personally don’t care about pronouns. I have short hair and an androgynous fashion sense - it’s going to happen!

I think people are overly sensitive about pronouns at times and how to hold a conversation about any sensitive topics, so much so that we’d rather just avoid the conversation altogether instead of addressing issues and having open, honest debates about things that matter and making things better for everyone.  [deleted] Yes. Maybe. I don't know. Certainly, too many are offended *for* us.... but this comment thread gives me hope that not all of us are offended all the time.

I call myself a cripple or gimp. It's really funny watching normies squirm (lol).

seriously, though, we've already got so many bloody problems, being offended (or worried about offending) others about every single thing hurts, not helps.

Also, the more people feel the need to tiptoe around us, verbally, the more likely they are to simply identify us as "others" - to avoid us for the sake of ease, or to keep us at a distance for the risk of offense.

I can't speak for anyone else, but my health is isolating enough - I don't need to add to it by being offended when people don't mean offense.  No. I don't get why today's generation are so bothered by being labelled rightly. I'd rather be named than labelled, I was brought into this world and given a name for that reason. Totally agree, it's a great community to air my opinions and thoughts too. Perfectly put. If only more "normies" saw this thread, it's hard to tell the whole world but one day I hope PC is less, as it's replaced common sense. I'm glad others agree. I myself am a wheelchair user also so I 100% get the avoidance in conversation with most. It's baffling, yes we're in a wheelchair but don't presume we're unable to talk for ourselves. I don't know why people need to refer to us as a gender. If you're going to talk about me, or to me, I have a name like everyone else and there's no harm in asking my name for future reference. Being offended on my behalf is the worst.  I love this! Great point :) I also enjoy having a joke about my disability because it kind of breaks the social "ice". Agree to disagree. Did you even read my comment?  What are you even going on about in this response? I only went out to a restaurant once in my wheelchair and the hostess completely ignored me and only talked to my girlfriend at the time. It was so strange to me that someone would do that as I've worked in the service industry and I never would have treated someone like that.  Preach. I think it also goes the other way - when I’m on public transport, I face all the other passengers and some of them feel like I owe them a conversation. When I’m on my way to or from work, I have my music on and just want to be left alone. Someone almost always ruins that for me!

Yeah, I’d love for some to start a conversation with “what’s your name” instead of “so why do you use a wheelchair?”.... right? There's a ton of people way more upset about the lack of "accommodation" for me than I have ever been... and then berate me for not being upset... (accommodation, in this context, being "never acknowledge that a disabled person is disabled, or might need different things in order to make sure that their needs are met; treat them like an infant by making sure that you simper around them, and ask questions condescendingly, so that they don't feel infantilized or condescended to." - not legit accommodations) I think danglybulls was agreeing with you.

And I agree too; Most people I've seen get upset about terms are not, themselves, disabled... nor do they usually really know anyone who is. I'm old enough to remember when the push was "handicapable" was a thing... and then people realized that some of us *aren't* capable of many things.... so... that died a fortunate death...

But most of the joking about the disabled I've ever seen have been done by the disabled, joking about themselves! When I was first in a wheelchair, my best friend used to call me "gimpy," like... that was my nickname... people at school (many years ago in a galaxy far, far away) would be sooooo offended.... it was kind of silly. I'm not offended, people; neither should you be.
 Yes I did, I'm agreeing with you.. please try not to snap. I'm on your side.... I've totally noticed that. I am not in my wheelchair all the time, but my wife used to push me to take it whenever we were going into crowded places so I would get given a little more room, and not get knocked over.... but the wheelchair makes me somehow invisible (I think it's people trying to *not* be rude by staring.... so they don't look at me at all....) - consequently, I get bumped more, I have to stop harder more frequently.... so unless I'm going to be "walking" around for a while, I don't take it. (quotes around walking.... because I don't really walk anymore.... at best it's more of a... waddle? no... shuffle? yeah, that's probably it.)

Its funny, because kids notice, even when adults don't. Kids ask about my cane or about my chair all the time - and get rude looks from their parents... I will usually take a moment to explain to the kids why I use them, and then wink at the parents and say "I'd rather they ask than that they ignore me or stare." People usually relax then.

okay, rambling. sorry. I do that. Yep, we have the pleasure of being the only ones facing backwards on the bus, it's like we have an audience. I feel you there, luckily for me, my partner sits opposite so I don't have to socialise with the "normies". Did have an odd experience of a busy bus load and I had a 3some of German crutches in my face. Was delightful.

Exactly, even, "hi there, [insert comment about today's weather]" which is what my country love to talk about so openly. Which is a very accepted way to start a conversation in the UK. lol. my wife gets so frustrated about that! (asking me, not her, as I'm the disabled one) - she's like, why can't people just leave you alone? Or why can't they at least look past your cane? I'd like both of those things, for sure. But I'd rather people ask me than that I was invisible... I already feel isolated enough, you know? And it's true that a "what's your name?" is *much* better than "what happened to you?" or "what's wrong with you?" but... we *are* an exception to the norm, so it's reasonable to be curious about that exception... even if people could stand a bit more tact in approaching strangers in conversation! :) I don't understand how "normies" struggle.. I just say, treat me, how you'd want to be treated. 100% was agreeing, I apologise it was brief. I have had a lot of replies to this thread. The tone is quizzical, not angry.   I've noticed that about kids as well, I am able to walk pretty long distances now compared to the past however if you watch me walk you can tell something is wrong, I've had children ask me if I'm okay or if something is wrong, only had that happen once for an adult. I'm not sure if it's because children are less self centered than adults but it is something they tend to notice more, they've never been rude about it so that always makes me feel better.  It's reasonable to be curious sure, but it's also reasonable to be left alone like everyone else when you wish to be.  I'm missing my entire left leg and most of my right.  My disability is very visible and unusual, I get that.  In order to have an active life outside of my home, I've already had to accept being gawked at constantly everywhere I go.  

  On top of that, I get interrupted or bothered when I dont want to talk to anyone at the moment.  It's almost always a request for why, which is a somewhat lengthy explanation due to everything that went into how I became a double amp.  It's an explanation I've told hundreds of times now, and even made a detailed youtube video about it so I can at least redirect curious internet folks.  If its not that, its people thanking me for military service when I was never in the military.  When I correct that one, I always speak a little loudly so they'll feel a bit of embarrassment and hopefully learn a lesson about assumptions.  I always correct it because I wont steal valor. 

 I also get a lot of religious people that try to pray for me, or lay on hands.  I'm always polite in turning them down, but as an atheist, that annoys the crap out of me.  Hell, I've had a couple young children freak out at the sight of me and run to their parents, without me saying or doing anything.

  This happens to me nearly every time I go anywhere people are gathered.  Restaurants, grocery stores, gas stations, events, ect.  I've had folks like you say much the same thing.  Take it easy and accept its going to happen.  I always wonder though, why should I just accept it?  I already accept the never ending stares without complaint.  Why should I give up even more?  Why cant I expect to be left alone like anyone else the majority of the time I'm out and about?

  I dont get outraged or anything, but its frustrating being treated like a free freakshow.  I've been politely turning down explaining my disability lately, and most people I do that to act like I mildly insulted them.  

 I guess what I'm saying is that people with disabilities should have their boundaries respected to the same degree as anyone else.  I honestly dont think thats too much to ask, but so many people say I should just accept that treatment with a smile because of something that happened to me I had no choice or fault in.  I get people are going to stare, and thats natural considering how unusual I look when I basically end at my pelvis.  I dont think its natural to assume it's ok to bug me for a Q&A or any of that other crap.  If it was rare, that'd be one thing, but it's extremely common.  On top of all that, I might want to vent my frustrations online with fellow disabled folks that get it, and instead I'm told that thats just how it is and I shouldn't complain.  I gotta say thats a damn bummer. I think a great deal of it is that they've had pounded into their heads (so have we, I think) that if they say something wrong, they'll mortally offend us... so the struggle is a fear of walking on eggshells. 

I say that we have too, because I expected my view to be the minority in this sub... not part of the overwhelming majority! It's a big relief to see, to be honest. Personally I didn't get a quizzical tone, however let's most move passed this :) we both agree, that's the main thing. I think that it's that people notice anomalies, you know? but adults "know better" than to point them out, or ask about them... kids haven't learned that yet. I've had kids be rude... but not on purpose: "What is wrong with you, anyway? Why do you have to use that stick?" lol - of course, they aren't meaning offense (so i'm not offended), but that kind of brashness gives me a chuckle. I get the military assumption too. I'm the right age (indeed, I tried to enlist just after 9/11.... and for the next several years, but was consistently turned down for my health). It's a frustrating assumption.

But I totally understand what you're saying; the ideal is that we are allowed to be just regular people, who happen to be disabled. I agree with that, full stop. No addendum. 

But, if a person can't do that, be it for curiosity, or bigotry, or fear, or worry that they'll offend by staring (or not looking), or whatever reason... then I'd rather have people openly ask me over ignoring me. But the ideal is to be just a regular person. It's why I like to do my shopping in the middle of the night - there's many fewer shoppers, and the store employees have often seen me before, and have gotten their stares or questions out of the way.

I think, when we turn people down (I do, sometimes, too - though I more often just say "my body doesn't work like it should," if I'm not in the mood to discuss the various and increasing issues.... then again, I'm not missing limbs, so it's something that people can accept as enough... I would imagine for an amputee, that's  harder for people to swallow) I think when we turn people down, and they look offended, it's probably a couple of emotions: first, that they put themselves out of their comfort zone (to invade ours) in order to ask, and feel slightly affronted, having made themselves somewhat vulnerable; second, it's that they recognize that they may have crossed a line and feel a bit of embarrassment, or shame even.... and the combination of those emotions, no matter how small, can feel like a bucket of ice water for a moment. At least, that's my unqualified psychoanalysis.

I agree with you completely, even if it sounds like I disagree. I don't mean to say that you should just deal with it, at all. I think it's completely natural to be curious, and to want to know.... But I don't think it's natural to assume that *because* one is curious, they have a *right* to know... and I get that frustrating response frequently - almost.... *demands* to know why I need an handicapped sticker, or use a cane.... ("*Because* none of your damn business, that's why!") I think that each of us needs to decide for ourselves what we are comfortable telling people (if anything), and do that. For me, I'm an exceptionally outgoing and charismatic introvert... :) people like me, and I talk to anyone... but being around people is totally draining. Anyway, that means that I don't have a problem talking with people, trying to help them be comfortable with disabled people to the extent that we can just be a normal part of the society... and I hope that, if enough people will do that, we can help those disabled people who *aren't* prepared or willing to, you know? 

I'm rambling. I agree with you totally, and I hope that my comments feel like a support, rather than a tear down... 'cause that's how they're meant.

 I understand where you're coming from, and I don't see your reply as an attack.  Despite my comment, I actually do work to help increase understanding and education about disabled folks.

  I used to volunteer as a reader buddy for United way.  It's an elementary School program to help struggling students.  I would get 2 kids for the year and work with them twice a week on reading.  Anyway, the first visit of the year, the teacher would allow me to take over the entire class for the session and tell the kids a g rated version of what happened to me, how to act around disabled people, and answer a few questions.  It helped teach them, as well as keep them out of my hair during future sessions with my assigned kids.

  I've also done live streams and the aforementioned YouTube video discussing my story, and living as a disabled person in society.  I figured out quick that the most common question after "how did it happen" was "does your dick still work" lol.

  I'm not against talking about my disability or anything.  It's when I'm out and busy doing shit that I start getting annoyed.  My efforts in educating people are partially to stop the assumption that we're more than happy to be interrupted and answer the same damn thing for the thousandth time.  I want to show that we aren't disabled people so much as people with disabilities.

   

   oh for sure; it's the *worst* when I'm trying to get home (or when I'm about to fall over with exhaustion) and somebody wants to strike a conversation up.... 