New wheelchair user  Hey I'm 28 years old and just ordered my first chair (a cheapo Drive Blue Streak from Amazon). This is after 18 months of increasing chronic back pain and recently finding out that I have spinal stenosis, herniated discs, and psoriatic arthritis in my thoracic and lumbar spine. It took a completely ruined concert experience (long wait in line for will-call, no place to sit inside, cane use providing little/no relief, even with pain meds spent the whole opener near tears, went home early) to prompt me to take the leap and order a chair for intermittent use. So, I'm open to suggestions/ guidance/ support. I've learned quite a bit already from others' posts and look forward to sharing experiences on here.  First pro tip: Don't waste your money on cheap chairs. They'll make you hate your life because they're hard to use, heavy, huge and clunky, and just a pain in the ass. Contact some wheelchair dealers about used chairs available (I get new ones every 5 years - there is nothing wrong my older ones, but my insurance foots the bill for new ones so I take them up on it). A used, titanium lightweight chair that actually fits you will make your life better. A crappy clunker from Amazon will not. 

Good luck! Full time wheelchair user here. You're going to hurt your shoulders and arms at first, especially with a heavy cheap chair. Lots of practice in short bursts, and practicing with someone to help on uneven ground will help you.
Think about how you want to carry things - handbags are a little more difficult if you're pushing yourself around. I have a pannier and a bag attached underneath my chair for storage, and I'm very good at holding things between my knees.
Get gloves, or get callouses. Even pushing for a short period can cause blisters if you don't have any callouses. You can push through it and build them up or you can get gloves with extra padding and grip. Also, be aware that you'll probably break your nails fairly regularly, especially if you have push on brakes.
Speaking of breaking nails, you should keep plasters with you, especially if you're not using gloves. They're great for covering blisters, and you're going to knock your hands against a lot of things while you're learning to move around in the chair (doorways are especially good at skinning knuckles).
You should be aware that your clothes will likely get some dirt on them from the wheels, and your hands definitely will. Baby wipes are a lifesaver, and I always keep some in the bag on my chair.
Be careful when going over rough ground, shifting your weight back slightly if you can't do a wheelie will help. At least until you get the hang of it, you'll probably want someone there for curbs, just in case.
Lastly, if you fall it's not the end of the world. People walking trip and fall all the time - we do too. Make sure to have anti tips on if you don't think you can catch yourself, but otherwise just pull yourself back in and move on. You didn't learn to walk without ever falling, you likely will have at least one misjudgement in your chair. If you can get back in the chair and carry on, you'll be a lot more confident the next time.
Feel free to ask anything else, I think the points about actually choosing a chair are covered in the other comments.  Don't walk the chair with your feet! It will feel fine in the moment and then your back will hurt like hell later.   Arms or being pushed only!  
Other then that,  it's pretty intuitive.  If you ever need a lighter option,  canes with fold out seating are also good.     I also have these issues from cervical to sacral spine, and I've had two back surgeries as well. I don't find it necessary to use more than a came most of the time, but if I know I'm going to be standing or walking for extended periods, my Nova walker with the seat if awesome. It is compact, light, really maneuverable (takes all the rough ground, hills, and dirt at ren faire) and gives you stability and a place to sit to rest, without being as unwieldy as a wheelchair. I've been to one concert since my first back surgery and they had an accessible area I could sit/stand with it. I ended up finding one for half price on eBay because one hole wasn't drilled, which my auto mechanic did for free.  I have been in a wheelchair the past 4 years and made a list of tips and tricks I've learned. Here's the info if you want to look it over: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XEUky2rnSuZpResYzdPEXpqJ9ev0nYnxgvYogeZTRY0/edit?usp=drivesdk Treat your first chair as your practice chair. Use it to find out what your perfect chair should be like. Do you want a lighter chair, does it need to fold, have a lowered back, better grip rims, inflatable or solid tires, manual or electric, larger or smaller front wheels, size of seat cushion, would using gloves help, do you need a drinks holder or a lap tray. There are a lot of options and it takes experience to make the right choices. Give your new chair a few weeks/months to sort out your long-term needs and then look for a more suitable chair that'll suit you for the next few years.

Also, try to find a way to look on using a chair as a positive thing. For me, I was housebound before I got my chair and, despite using a chair being stressful, I'd rather be able to get out and about in a limited way than being stuck in my house forever. It is never easy getting used to chair life, but it's better than the alternative. There is an awesome event called the Abililities Expo that brings most of the major mobility vendors under one roof. Check and see if they are going to have one near you .  For future concerts, check the venue for ADA accommodations. Some places have a "fast track" line so you don't have to wait as long, and most have a designated ADA area with seats.

I wouldn't even try to go to concerts any more if I was going to have to stand or sit on the ground, I just can't do it.

(As an aside, Les Schwab amphitheater in Bend, Oregon has THE BEST ADA section I've ever seen!!)  As a long term wheelchair user with paralysis, I definitely encourage you to use what you have. Wheelchairs can be immensely helpful but don’t neglect the movement you do have however weak or sore - chronic back pain is most often alleviated to some degree by standing or gentle exercise, so continue it as long as you can, at least then you continue to have the option to stand and walk when needed. 

Second - especially if you have any form of sensation loss, even mild - get yourself a cushion that gives you pressure relief. Foam isn’t good enough and once it gets hot and damp from your body it breaks down. Get a light cushion like a Supracor or Varilite that will give you reasonable pressure relief and comfort. Protecting your skin on your ischial bones (in your bum) is really important for anyone using a chair for 50% or more of their waking hours. 

If you can, find a chair that fits you properly - if your need for a wheelchair gets more permanent, consider seeing an Occupational Therapist with seating experience. A lot of those one size fits all chairs you order online are heavy and often too wide for the user, making it harder for you to move around independently and can result in you becoming a more passive user of the chair, which leads to more injury and pain. Whatever you do, get a Roho seat cushion. Jay is second best, but still not a Roho. 

You'll find enormously more mobility in a real wheelchair, not the hospital kinds, too. 
 Gloves and a seat cushion. Gloves give you that extra grip for when you’re on difficult terrain, and stop you from burning your hands off going down a hill. A semi-firm seat cushion will save your back from the hell that is wheelchair posture. Best of luck! I second this Thanks for this advice! I have the amazon clunker for now, while I work with insurance to sort out a nicer, lighter chair. :) This is great advice, thank you. I have some gloves, and I will put some bandages in my bag for skin rips/scrapes. I have seen people do this! Good to note NOT to do that.  Thanks for highlighting that as an option! Thank you! All of this is very helpful. I appreciate you sharing your experiences. The perspective thing was important for me too. Other people always treat a wheelchair like a tragic thing but I'm like "no, me not being able to leave my house for 2 years and losing all my friends is tragic. This wheelchair saved my life." I am trying to frame using the chair as a positive. I hope I'll be able to say "yes" to more things I've said "no" to in the past for fear of being in pain I think they do in DC! I will have to see when the next one is-- thank you! This was a venue I hadn't been to before and it wasn't compliant in any way I could tell. When we left for dinner I was having a "good night" with pain, but as the evening went on everything went down hill. I will definitely check accommodations in the future.  They also do "fast track" lines at conventions and theme parks! That’s my hometown!  Hello. I definitely don't intend to give up walking and see the chair as the last ditch effort to be able to keep up with an active 8 year old who likes to go to museums, fairs, water parks, amusement parks, etc where i just cannot stand and walk that long. 

Thank you for all the advice about cushioning-- I will look for the brands you mentioned. I hope that an upcoming procedure will provide me the relief I need NOT to need the chair so often, but if this becomes an ongoing need I will make sure to get a better one, fitted by a professional. Check Craigslist or estate sales. You could even try placing an ad on Craigslist that you are looking for one. I got a great wheelchair at a yardsale for $5. It was used by many in the family for various reasons and then eventually i took it places when I became more incapable of standing or walking for any amount of time. 

My family just found [one of these on Craigslist](http://www.americanwheelchairs.com/specelecwcatm.shtml) and it has been amazing. It is easy to take down and put together to take in the car. One person can unload it from the trunk and assemble it in 30 seconds. It takes some getting used to but so far I love it.  Actually, I do walk my chair with my feed. My legs work fine but they can't support me when I stand up and try to walk. But sitting in my wheelchair I can "walk" the chair with my legs and move very quickly. For me, it does not hurt my back and actually, the exercise seems to help.

I am frequently being pushed, but inside my house, I always walk my chair. Other places I will frequently ask my wife, who pushes me, to stop pushing and I will walk the chair.

We are all different, so what is bad for some people can be good for others You're welcome. I just thought it might be helpful if you'll use the wheelchair intermittently, since they don't tend to be as light and maneuverable.  Good to know! It’s called self propelling. I do this too and my back is all messed up. I got a hemi chair so I can reach better to self propel. You’re right we’re all different. 
This is the only way my cousin can get around in a manual chair is self propelling. Her arms are too crippled up to roll herself with them. Many of her joints have fused together including her hips and knees, she’s basically stuck in the sitting position with her arms bent at 90• She’s fast as heck at self propelling though, I think she’s faster self propelling than using her electric chair.  I am very fast at self-propelling when on a flat, smooth surface.  In fact, I can easily go faster than normal walking speed, faster than anyone can push me.

At home, I use a transport chair, one of those things with four small wheels and no big wheels. The footrests stay in the closet and are not used at home because no one needs to push me there. My regular wheelchair stays in the car when not in use; I use it when out of the house. It has the big wheels and can be pushed, but I like to self-propel when possible.

I am lucky in that, even at 72 years old, I have no back problems and am comfortable in any cheap wheelchair or regular chair. But I can understand how self-propelling can be bad for other people's backs. Sounds like you’ve got the perfect setup! It is a little comical to watch how fast some people self propel. I’m not that fast. My cousin lives on a ranch and is a cowgirl so it’s pretty cool to see all she does. She never lets being crippled limit her.  Good for her! 