Is it possible to push a pram in a wheelchair? (Also, any other crip parents about?) Before you say it: I do know that there are chairs designed for that, but you can't get them through National Health so it's not really an option.

I live up quite a steep hill and take my daughter to and from creche every day- or I did until fairly recently, when my nervous system and brain damn near succeeded with their suicide pact.

Would an electric wheelchair work, or should I just accept that this is something I can't do anymore? I use a powerchair, and I'm quite weak but have use of my legs (which are stronger than my arms, those bastards). The way I manage shopping carts is I put my feet on the undercarriage and "steer" with my legs (putting more force on the direction I want to go) and "push" with my free arm (which is really the chair doing the pushing). Pulling is sometimes easier, but does take up a lot more space. 

I imagine a pram would/could be similarly pushed.

Won't lie, I don't find this task *easy*, but it can be possible. I saw someone at the grocery store managing a cart and an electric wheelchair, but I have no idea how she was managing it.  It might also be worth sharing/posting on the r/ wheelchairs page.......I would link it but I'm only new and not sure how it works It depends entirely on the chair and the pram. Some chairs have a design that makes them more receptive to tying a pram to the front. My manual chair wouldn’t work at all, my power chair would.

For the pram, you need two things: first, it has to be low enough that you can see over it. Secondly, it should have *all four* wheels on casters. You’re going to have a bad time if any of them are older-style locked wheels.

To me, it’s more trouble than it’s worth. Get on of those wraps to hold the baby in your chest, or extend your seatbelt to hold a toddler in your lap. As an alternate method, what about a baby wearing thing? Even if she’s a toddler, but not able to walk along side you, you can wrap her into a wrap on your front, which would keep her from wiggling off your lap. 

I also steer a shopping cart by putting my feet on it, but it’s challenging, and I wouldn’t want to rely on that for my kids safety on a hill.  