Hello, my grandmother is 94 and recently has told us of her difficulty getting around by walking. I would like to get her an electric (non-manual) scooter or wheelchair, but have no idea what I am doing. I would appreciate any insight or help! I posted this on another subreddit, as I'd like to get one as quickly as possible (price isn't really an issue, if I can't fully pay for it the rest of the family will chip in) and as stated in the title, my grandmother has reached an advanced age and I would like to get her a motorized (non-manual) scooter or wheelchair for her.

But to be honest, I can't find really centralized information, or what I should even be looking for. And she doesn't particularly either, other than she has difficulty walking at all.

If anyone could point me in the right direction, or has advice, or pointers to give, I would be grateful.

What is it you looked for in your electric wheelchair and why?
What problems do you face when you use it?

I've never gotten to use anything like one outside of a grocery store- so I am completely ignorant. I appreciate any and all help. It really depends. Scooters are typically seen as better for traveling (via self-owned car) and as "more stable," along with being a bit cheaper and having less social stigma attached (you're not *as crippled* if you use a scooter, apparently). Power wheelchairs - in my opinion - are better for daily use as they are more comfortable and have more utility, but they can be harder to travel with if you get the "[typical](https://permobilus.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/M3-Website_NoBKG.png)" (heavier) kind. It's been my experience that accessibility is built for wheelchairs, not for scooters -- but this may be different in your country, or even someone else's area in my own country. It's more the size of scooters that make them, again purely imo, less accessible; where a wheelchair can turn on a dime, a scooter has to make a four-point or wide turn. You can get up to a table in a chair, but you can't with a scooter. Otoh, you can take apart a lot of scooters and put them in a trunk of a car.

So mainly, the deciding factors are: cost (apparently not so much), utility needed, and pure personal preference. Do a google for "lightweight power chair" and some stuff should come up, and/or the same with a scooter. Google "scooter vs powerchair" for more articles/info. Ask your grandma what she wants, maybe help lay out the differences. It sounds like she has a great support system, since you're giving it so much thought :) Rent one from a local medical supply company. Does she have health insurance or a regular doctor? I would definitely go through them first.  What country are you in?  Visit a nearby Disability/Medical Supply store. Do you have access to with physical therapy (hospital kind, not just someone who gives massages) or occupational therapy? If so ask them what is the best sort of solution. They are trained in the job if matching equipment to the patient. Some let the medical supply following tell you what to get, they are there to sell equipment, not help a patient.  I have [the At'm Take Along Travel](https://www.spinlife.com/reviews/viewProduct.cfm?productID=73503) wheelchair and I love it. LOVE IT. The battery is pretty heavy, but other than that it folds up and fits easily in the trunk of a car. The chair detaches from the base and folds up. We can set it up in minutes. I can walk, but not for any kind of distance so this chair has made it possible for me to do so many things I was avoiding because I didn't want to be a burden. 

I control it with a joystick and you can adjust the speed so she doesn't end up crashing into people or walls, etc. It has handles on the back for pushing in case you get stuck somewhere. It doesn't do great on steeper hills but I can usually get out and walk those if I have to. 

The greatest thing about this is I always have a seat. Sometimes in crowded areas or events there isn't enough seating and with this I always have a chair.  It would appear that there is no infrastructure in place for it to be a norm. Over here in Israel most older folks have electric scooters and even golf carts to help them.

I would love it if the United States had it as a similar norm. Like, the most centralized information I could find was via https://www.spinlife.com/spinlifeuniversity/Scooters/Anatomy_of_a_Scooter.cfm.

It seems odd something so essential can be so hard to obtain information concerning. It isn't exactly new technology lol.

Anyway, I would like her to own it. My mother also managed to break both ankles a year or so ago. It's been almost two years and she hasn't fully healed, so it may be the case we may need to retain the model and see if it can be shared in some capacity, like a family unit we keep around for those of us in need.


I guess I should ask, what are the benefits of renting one?

I feel like it would have limited features and risk being lower quality. Plus if renting, these medical aids need to be maintained, so I am curious how that would be managed. Not yet. At least a doctor anyway- last 7 years shes been living in the countryside of hungary. Israel, it is very, very common for most households to have a unit or two. Sorry. I should have been more specific.

The benefits of renting one are so that she can try them out and see what works for her, before buying.

There are so many different options and if she buys one she could get stuck with something that doesn't suit her.

Once she finds one that she likes, you can search for a used one and save a lot of money. Do you have estate sales or similar sales where elderly folks' property is sold to the public? Perhaps a Craigslist post expressing your need could find it's way to someone with one to give? I bought my first one from a medical supply store. It had been lent out as a loaner and the lady tore the upholstery. They couldn’t be bothered so I got it for $400. Another $200 at the upholstery shop and it was like new. 

Things to consider:
How will she be using it - in the house, going to the dr, etc. 

If she’s going to go out in it, you need someone to load it and a vehicle big enough to hold it.  I don't think that is the best way. I like the idea of it being customizable, and since cost isn't an issue there isn't really a need to go cjeap, I think, anyway. Hmmm, this is something I did not consider. In Israel there are no suburbs, whereas America runs off them- meaning most things for a lot of people are out of reach for them to go on foot. I hadn't thought of that. 