Maryland county compels 91-year-old woman to tear down home wheelchair ramp  In my area they stick strictly to the code after a home built ramp collapsed and trapped the person using it. That ramp, built by a licensed contractor, did not have a permit or inspection. My home owners association tried to do this to me! They claimed we modified the property without getting it approved first, even though the ramp was a part of the house when we got it. (We required the builders to add up to code ramps before we signed.) 

It was a horrible fiasco, and they still are withholding money from us that they took out of our account without asking. But at least they've stopped sending us threatening letters about it.  "Trapped in her home" wow the media likes to milk these stories. How about a truthful story...

"Couple's son builds illegal ramp" *Looks at headline* "What no way MD is pretty progressive there is no way"

*Reads article* "Ohhhhh PG county. That explains it"

PG county is known for sticking to the rules over helping the people.  Is there a gofundme for this family? [removed] The ultimate question for me is does it serve the purpose? It does, so leave her be. Thanks for adding a reasonable voice. Of course it would be better if this had been managed correctly. But there are reasons for the permits. It sounds like things were handled poorly on both sides. The writer conflates the issue of the son wanting to save money with him needing to get a permit. It seems like he was just not willing to wait. I doubt a permit would have meant he had to pay the other company $5K.  How about questioning why someone’s own personal ramp should be deemed “illegal” or why something as necessary as a ramp should take a lengthy and probably expensive permitting process?

And now she is stuck in her home. Clearly. I’m not sure where your scoffing at that is coming from. "I've decided its time to do more good than bad around here, so starting now, I'm going to have more positive and helpful posts."

You didn't even last 5 hours... If you’ve lived in Maryland you’d know that this happened because it’s so progressive. It would have been no different in Montgomery or Howard county. Someplace like Carroll county though it probably wouldn’t haven been a big deal. Well if the ramp isn't to required codes I see nothing wrong with demanding they fix it or remove it.  Fuckin PG County.  Your [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/disability/comments/92dplv/maryland_county_compels_91yearold_woman_to_tear/e35hzsq/) in /r/disability was automatically removed because you linked to a fundraising website.
By consensus the /r/disability community has decided to disallow individual fundraising appeals. See /r/Assistance, /r/Care or 
[other subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/r/Assistance/comments/1hexgp/other_subreddits_that_can_help_you/)  that can help. 

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/disability) if you have any questions or concerns.* And if it's built incorrectly it'll serve the purpose...until it doesn't. 

We have building codes for everything and they're there to keep people safe. They're not doing this to be dicks, they're doing it to make sure people stay safe. If people built whatever the hell they like we'd have so many accidents.  And if it collapses, killing her, who is to blame then? Wouldn't people come out of the woodwork to say "there should be some way to guarantee ramps are built to code?!" because there are known codes to follow and they didnt follow them. its not the complicated story you want it to be. He got busted and used the news media for sympathy, still doesnt make an illegal ramp, right. in Publix sub Read the article. They refused to inspect it because the permitting process wasn’t followed.  Ok, point taken Yeah, but...at what point does personal risk come into play? I mean I have built things that are essential to my daily life and if something broke and killed me, it would be my own fault. The question for this woman would be, "Do I want to be trapped in my house because I can't afford a ramp, or do I want to live a good life and maybe have a chance of the ramp collapsing on me?" well maybe they should have followed the laws and regulations beforehand  Wow. Civil conversation. Yay. 

It certainly would have been nice for the inspector to look it over and tell him if anything needed to be fixed. But I don't know if that sets a legal precedent that could be used the next time someone ignores permitting and doesn't build a safe ramp (or house addition).  You also have to be sure this guy won't do the same in the future because he got away with it once. 

Bureaucracy and a litigious society make it hard to give exceptions to the rules. Since it is part of the entrance to her house, it doesn't just impact her. It impacts every person who comes to visit her or anyone to whom the house is sold. She can't take the risk on for others. Parts of houses like this must meet a minimum safety code. That's just the law. You take away this law and you have to take away laws like the ADA. They're both about safety and access. Or maybe they should have some flexibility and work with people. Perform the inspection and then, if it passes, require them to pay the permitting fees plus penalties.  I see your point about others using the ramp, but others can also use the other stairs. She can't. It doesn't matter if others CAN use the stairs. If they use the ramp but it's not safe, that's a problem.  I'm curious if you feel as strongly about the reverse. I can't safely use stairs in my wheelchair if there is no ramp but theoretically I CAN go down the stairs in my chair. Would a sign that says, "Don't use the ramp!" be sufficient?

Also, does frequency of use matter? One could argue, "Why should we spend hundred of thousands of dollars renovating this space to accommodate wheelchair users when so few would ever come here?" So why can't someone argue, "I rarely have anyone come to the house, so why do I have to get a permit for this ramp and then spend 3x more to build it?" I'm not following your logic. There's no extra cost involved in getting a permit to build a ramp. Why is it a bad thing that I want access to be safe for everyone? The cost isn't in the permit, the article stated that a permitted ramp would be $5000, but I may be wrong since I read this a few days ago. This is akin to pretty much any medical device a "permitted" device, i.e. one approved by the FDA would be so much more expensive than one that is home built or used "off-label" like a mechanic's hoist instead of a hoyer lift, etc.

BTW I am not by any means trying to argue here, I am just interested in supplementing my point of view with yours. No. The article was poorly written. There was nothing indicating that he couldn't build it himself. He didn't have to pay the contractor 5K to build it. But he did need to wait for the permit. He just didn't want to wait. 

Perhaps the permit process does need to be more timely. But that's a separate matter. More timely but also perhaps more flexible as well. One concern I have is that able-bodied people (inspectors among them usually) don't always understand a particular need. I am interested to know if a ramp at a private residence must conform to ADA standards. Frankly I can deal with a much steeper ramp than the ADA proposes and I would hate to have an inspector suggest I need to spend more money to make a longer ramp. This is where it gets fuzzy and I would prefer not to have a totally ignorant 3rd party making a decision for me. The permit wouldn't be for ADA. You're right, that doesn't apply to private houses. This would just be under normal residential building codes. All additions to homes like porches, decks, sunrooms, pool, etc need permits and inspections to make sure they meet minimum building code. Every once in a while you hear about a deck that fails during a party and people are killed. That's typically because either the homeowner didn't get a permit and built the deck out of code or didn't properly maintain it. 

I live in a townhome. Part of my neighborhood association dues go towards routine deck inspection and maintenance -  making sure it's treated so it doesn't rot away. 

I don't know of any place where you're not allowed to do additions on your own, but you must still meet code and get a permit. You can see how this would get expensive and probably prohibitive for poor disabled folks. :( https://inspectapedia.com/Stairs/Access_Ramp_Codes.php No, I don't. I have a degree in Building Construction. You are barking up the wrong tree if you want me to agree with you that disabled people should get a pass and be allowed to build whatever shoddy, janky ramp they can cobble together. Building codes exist to PROTECT everyone, especially the most vulnerable in our society, including the poor and disabled who are  often taken advantage of. 

Again, the ADA doesn't cover private homes but I know people who went to great lengths to get that law enacted and celebrate the anniversary of its signing every year. You can't expect safe access to public buildings if you aren't willing to provide those in your own home. Just because you can "handle" a particular ramp incline in your current condition, that doesn't mean it is safe for others or for you in the future. I appreciate your commitment to safety. For the cost example, however, if an inspector has a hard-on for ADA rules on a private residence then someone with a six foot incline of steps is going to have to build a 36 foot long ramp to comply and pass inspection. Will that cost more or less than a ramp that is 24 feet, not ADA compliant, but perfectly useful for someone to get in and out of their own home with their chair? We can argue this point til the cows come home, I am sure. Let's look at the problem I seem to be focused on -- poor people with disabilities can't afford compliant ramp expense. Would you be in favor, in the interest of public safety, to give government grants to these people so they can have compliant ramps and the general public can be safe? A home inspector can't have a hard-on for ADA compliance. He can only enforce the local residential building code. ADA absolutely in no way applies here. I know because I've taken the test to become a residential building inspector. Didn't pass it, but i took it. I had the residential building code book.  Absolutely.  High-five. We done here. :) 