How do I inform my workplace that I will now be using a wheelchair? I am a ta in a kindergarten classroom. We're on summer break so I'm not currently going to work until the next school year starts in August. Yesterday I decided to buy myself a wheelchair to help manage my chronic fatigue and pain. I will just be using it to help save energy on difficult days when it's really hard to stand or walk long distances. How do I inform my workplace via email that starting next school year, I will be using a wheelchair occasionally as needed? Depending on your system, you may need a doctors note. You don’t have to say anything about your specific condition. You have privacy rights when it comes to your medical information. Just tell them that you’ll be using a wheelchair from now on (or sometimes,) and ask them if they need any specific documentation. 

If you know the building and are aware of any specific accomodations they may need to make so it is accessible, mention them so they will have a heads up and can prepare. This may require you to fill out paperwork or not, depending on how old the building is and if there are any barriers to access. Most newer school buildings should be fully accessible. I'd have my doctor write a letter basically saying you are under his care and using a chair to treat a chronic condition. I'm sure you've already discussed it with him. His office may be able to type something up without you going in.  I just started bringing my cane to work out of the blue and the district manager told me that there was a procedure for this and he's get me the form and I needed a doctor's note and it was sent to HR so that everyone involved was in accordance with the ADA. The manager was great, one of those dad to all types. He explained everything to me and made sure I got the accommodations that I need written down and stored appropriately. Never once was the exact nature of my disability brought up too.

So what I mean to say is that HR or a higher-up is the best people to talk to. They will probably need stuff from the doctor, which in my case was "My patient needs these accommodations for unstated health problems." On letterhead paper and signed. I would contact HR and ask them about their accommodations process.  Yep, definitely best to go their the formal accommodations process so you can make sure you are using every benefit that's available to you!  