Camping and active lifestyle adjustments Do any of you have experience with, or perhaps passing knowledge of, places to purchase outdoor lifestyle gear for someone newly in a wheelchair?

I’ve heard of ski-chairs, which sound fascinating, but with summer coming I’m more interested in accommodations for camping. We prefer to stay outside of the established campgrounds, so if anyone has any experience they could share, I would appreciate it. If you want to get back into hiking and going onto trails that aren't exactly wheelchair friendly you aren't actually too far off with the sit ski. Cross country sit skis can have the skis removed and replaced with a wheel board for summer hiking. A lot of people tether to someone for uphill ascents and you propel yourself with poles and have a brake for downhill.

The mountain trike is also a popular option as it functions as a wheelchair so you wouldn't have to take a chair to transfer into if camping. I don't know what disability you have, but I require a wheelchair sometimes as one of my legs was crushed and I have no balance and vertigo. So, I require some adaptive equipment for sports. I was a runner and cyclist , but the closest I can get back to my racing days is a hand cycle (they also have trikes and recumbents if you can use your legs at all). I take it camping all the time to ride around the campgrounds an even on some of the most tame trails.  I am also in a wheelchair, I have been looking at camping ideas for awhile found this blog written by a disabled lady and full time RVer.   http://rollinginarv-wheelchairtraveling.blogspot.com/ I've been in a wheelchair my whole life and have been camping since I was a toddler. It honestly isn't horrible to deal with as long as you have someone to help maneuver your chair over rough patches. You might want to find a place with a bathroom, but if you do, it'll be extremely hard to find one that comfortably accommodates your chair. If you're used to side-transfers, I don't think I've ever been in a campground bathroom that was big enough to fit my chair next the toilet. It's also rare to find bathrooms with the hand rails that are in the big stall in public restrooms. In my experience, it's not uncommon for me not to be able to close the door or even get my chair in there because it has a big step in front of it or has a door that's too narrow. Also, if you have limited mobility outside of your chair and find it hard to do floor-to-chair/chair-to-floor transfers, you should get a cot or a tall air mattress or something. Be sure to find a campsite that has a picnic table you can easily access or bring your own table, but if you don't find holding your food/plate in your lap a pain in the ass, then it isn't a huge deal.

I can't really think of anything other than that, but if you have any questions, you can pm me or something. This sounds like fun. We harnessed the dogs to pull my wheelchair in the park last year, and they loved it. It sounds like I’m getting a sit ski. I didn’t race, but I miss my bicycle. I’ll have to look into the hand cycle, thank you. We have most of this already, since we normally set up camp by the truck, out in the middle of nowhere. It sounds like the restroom situation is going to be difficult though. That sounds awesome! If you have dogs capable of pulling then you'll have great fun out and about with them, just make sure you get the proper harnesses if you'd be doing it for long periods of time. There are some good videos on YouTube explaining the summer and winter set ups for dual skis. They aren't very easy to turn in, but I doubt that'd be a problem outdoors. I missed my bike somethings severe, even thought it was a cycling accident that wrecked me. The hand cycles take some getting used to and the hills are daunting at first but it's nice to get that flying feeling again. Then you're pretty much good to go. Honestly, wheelchair camping is pretty much like normal camping except getting around is obviously more difficult. And yeah, the bathroom situation is usually pretty annoying, but hopefully you'll get lucky and the one where you are won't be so bad. If you do do side transfers onto the toilet, maybe you should bring an armless chair or stool. It might help if you put the stool in front of the toilet. That way you could side transfer to the stool then diagonal(?) transfer to the toilet. Or that might over complicate things. I really don't know, I always hated aside transfers, haha. Nice, I’ll find the YouTube videos and get them downloaded before we wander out, thanks!

And yes, our dogs are ridiculous. They have walking harnesses, pulling harnesses, seatbelt harnesses for the truck (AKC tested!). I’d say they have more outfits than a purse dog, but let’s be realistic. They could wear purse dogs as accessories. That’s reassuring to hear. We’re usually pretty good planners, but I felt like I should ask around a little before we get hours up into mountains and realize we can’t stay.

I can manage with a cane for transfers, but not much else, so I’m in pretty good shape there. I’m not going to forget you said I could PM you either, thank you! I get it. It's not something people really talk about and navigating new things is always iffy at first anyway. I hope it all works out for you guys. :)

And of course! You can pm me any time you need to! 