Random stranger stopped and asked if I really needed my mobility scooter as I was unloading it. Was getting out of my car putting my scooter together and this older man walked over and this happened: 

Guy: what are you putting tougher? 
Me: my scooter 
Guy: do you really  need it to get around??
Me: yes. 
Guy: you just look really mobile putting it together.


I was irritated so I snapped "yeah well...." And sick odds the biggest/most shocking part of my disability 
 The thing I don't get about these people is \*why\* they ask these questions and not this one: what reason would anyone have for using a wheelchair that they don't need? Why would they willingly subject themselves to the logistical and social difficulties of having one? For a parking space? For pity? Do they think that millions of us are just running some elaborate scheme that we're all in on? (By the way, better lock down this subreddit before they figure out its all a  ruse!)

Even though I'm a full-time user, I feel for you. I’ve gotten the, “You don’t look handicapped,” line as I stumbled around to the back of my car to unload my wheelchair. I sort of stared, because I was so taken aback. I mean sure, people say things sometimes, but this lady just sort of popped up out of nowhere.  Luckily, my boss who I had given a ride to, was a lot quicker on the mental draw, as before I could explain, she snapped, “And you don’t look like a moron.”  I once had a very pissy person say to me at a crosswalk, “Oh look. A bike without the health benefits.”

I said, “more like a wheelchair that can climb hills.”

To his/her credit, they looked very sheepish.  Sorry this happened to you. I once had a cane stolen from my shopping cart when I walked around a corner to an endcap. First snow and I couldn't get around until I could afford to replace it. I wish more people would understand many of us don't look disabled. I had similar recently while getting my wheelchair out of my car...


...I have one leg. Looks can be deceiving. I look fine, but walking is agonizing.  My employer was on floors 2 & 3 of a 4 story bldg. at least a couple times a week I’d end up in the elevator with a snarky guy from the fourth floor. Always a comment:

You’re so lucky you don’t have to wear heels (I’m female);
Your shoes must last forever;
Do you get paid by the mile;
How many people have you run over; (I bit my lip!)
Can I rest here - proceeds to put his arm across my seat back and lay his head down);

It never ended.  When I would ride my powerchair to the store and thru it I would get more looks than u could imagine. I'm sorry that I appear to be a healthy mid twenties young man to you but sadly I can not use my legs so fuck off please Ugh, I don't know how many times I've stood from my wheelchair and someone has said "It's a miracle!!". Also, I was out with my mom (who had a broken foot at the time and was in a boot), and there was one electric cart left, she insisted I use it. Well the security guard starts laughing and saying "wow, shouldn't you let her use that??". Excuse me random stranger, YOU DON'T KNOW ME, OR WHAT I DEAL WITH. I'm sorry you had to deal with that hun I get this all the time because I use an electric wheelchair and I am perfectly capable of walking. So when I step out of it in areas that makes it easier to get on trains, or over curbs people feel the need to question me. The thing is, I need to sit down a lot and with a chair I always have a seat with me. 

But I don't really care anymore because I am so grateful to how accommodating almost everyone else is in the world and even I cringe sometimes when I take a disabled parking spot. It is just hard to adjust sometimes.  I had a guy asked if I really needed my walker or if I just brought it around as a chair yesterday. I was flustered and irritated and only got out "I really need it" before he wandered off. 

 Right?  I’ve taken to saying, “You’re right. I don’t need it. It’s just his fetish,” and point to either the guy I’m with or some guy I’m not. Winking sells it.  Like my disability ruined the career I'd wanted since I was 12 and if it wasn't for the disability I could have had.(yes, I'm still slightly broken from this it was recent and it hurt.) See I read the "and you don't look like an asshole/moron" on here all the time and i never *use* it. My god people are horrid Okay stealing someone's mobility device is even  worse. So it's definitly not just me. People are assholes. Friend of mine is irritated that she's never around when this happens bc she'd like to yell at someone. 

Me: you are not getting into a fight with an old guy."  Exactly!  Ah. I'm trying to understand that guys heel logic because if you're not walking as often/at all then that's the opportune time to wear heels bc you're much less likely to break your ankle in that death trap. Still possible though and I just don't like heels 


I would like o hear any clever snark backs you've used  People also assume your legs have to be the problem like "but you can walk!" Yeah my legs are fine. Nothing wrong with them. But other parts of my body aren't.  Exactly.  I've been disabled my whole life I'm used to using the spot when i need it and sometimes I feel guilty but most days I'm fine with it I'm confused. Like no I don't really need this bulky and annoying thing that takes up most of the backseat and the entire trunk of my car. I just have it for fun. No I don't really need it but I enjoy sitting down and trying to use the damn thing amonst campus contrustion and getting soaking wet bc I can't carry things, move my scooter around AND hold an umbrella. I ENJOY getting strange questions from mere aqauntances. /s 

No! Yes I need it. 


With a walker I'm confused how they'd think that. I can understand if you were like walking around without it but even then disability is a spectrum  Oh my god that's hilarious. My guy friends probably won't be able to keep a straight face if I tried that  I get it. I always think, “Oh, I will just snap back something clever. I know all the things to say.” But in the moment, I just feel attacked and ashamed and babble out something stupid, at best. This was the one time I had backup!

ETA: Well, not the only time. Often, my husband is with me. Oddly enough, if he’s there, nobody EVER says anything. He’s not a big guy, or scary looking, but people seem disinclined to do anything other than give me funny looks when he’s there. I guess a person with a wheelchair looks like an easy target, unless there’s a spare guy around.  Had the batteries stolen out of my powerchair One day he noticed there were no cars in HC and asked me how I got to work. I said the usual, O’Cedar. Apparently he asked around and found out it was a broom, he was not pleased. The heels comment I once replied “and yet my dance card is full”. 

He noticed my extended absence one time, when I returned he said “back from your vacation in the sun?” (It was January). I said more of a staycation bc I couldn’t get to work. He says the roads were fine. I was gobsmacked. He just spent two weeks using the stairs bc the elevators were broken but didn’t figure that to be why I was absent!  I can't drive and use the buses. I could sort of see wondering if someone maybe was just using it for a seat at stops and to get a seat, but *a*) why would you ever ask someone that?! and *b*) the logic just isn't there for anyone to do that if you thought for even half a second:

* it doesn't really get you a seat on our buses, the drivers won't say anything to people in the reserved seating unless they need everyone to move for a wheel chair, and there's only 2-3 seats (depending on the bus type) where the walker will store out of the isle. More often than not I end up sitting *on* the walker on one style because no one will give up a seat where the walker can be stored.

* It's a pain in the ass dragging it on and off the bus, and drivers and riders give you hell about it, and if you get on an already full bus, there's simply no way to store it in a way where anyone can get on or off. 

* They're expensive as hell. Medicaid covered it because I *need* it, if I didn't need it and wanted a chair, I'd buy a $9 folding camp stool that would fit out of the isle in any seat on the damn bus, not a $300+ walker. 

 Yeah friend of mine gets offended/irritated when I tell her about these thing(irritated with the people doing it) but she's never around when people give me shit Omg!! I get that so much too!! If I park in a disabled bay & my partner is with me, no one says a thing. ... if I'm on my own... I have had an endless torrent of abuse & snarky arseholes =/

Seems the big bullys only like picking on women when they think we are alone.... *seriously*?  How did you actually get to work? I'm assuming a bus or something or not parking in the HC.

Don't understand the dance one but I'm sure it was awesome and snarky 


Good god people are dense  Mine was like $1700 I didn't pay for it by neither did insurance. 
 This is true. Safety in numbers. I guess Pretty sure it was a family member on top of that My husband dropped me off and picked me up. He was a SAHD. 

Ladies at balls had dance cards on their wrist. A gentleman had to sign up ahead to dance with her.  $300 and something (I forget exactly) is what the paper said medicaid paid. No idea what they charge if you just try to buy one. Probably significantly more. Like was it meant to be a prank or what was the intention?  Don't know what SAHD 

Still confused as hell  Idk why it'd be significantly more but possible.

I keep getting sent catalogues for mobility equipment like I don't think I need to buy another one. But apparently they come in some really odd colors  No like I still dont have my powerchair now 5 months later cause I can't afford batteries Stay At Home Dad. We had a special needs son.  Why'd they take the part to your wheelchair though?  Ah. Oh sorry that's sad. Sorry for your loss  Family members are frequently the absolute worst about "But you don't really neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed it!" No, no loss. He’s 23 now, and on his own. Dad did a great job with him.  Wasn't no mistaking that I needed it. I can't stand let alone walk Oh my mistake. I read the last tense of "have" as someone must've died. 

That's awesome.:)  Sorry I shouldn’t post on so little sleep! Hey I had to wake up at 5:30 this morning and didn't actually go to bed till after midnight. Didn't even get home until a little before midnight. I'm tired but I have an 8 AM and a shit ton of work I have to do for one of my classes afterwards. But then I'm going to lunch with a friend. Well we're eating in her dorm bc we're college kids that was a debate we had in middle of the night like "yeah we should do that. Where do you want to eat... No don't want to go get food." Also had a discussion about my birthday and drinking. Eh. Not interested even though I will be old enough. It smells weird which means it would taste weird 
 I sleep in bits and pieces. Slept 1-3 am only bc internet was out. Before that 10:30-11:00 pm. Before that noon-3pm. 

I’m 56 and on disability so it’s nbd. 

Back in the 80s I was a single mom, two kids, FT (18 credits) college plus a job. I got 5 hours a night sleep except Friday nights I got 10. 

Youth has energy! I'm 21 and I crash about mid afternoon I a consistent basis. I'm usually exhausted by line 12-2 pm and usually I just sit down and rest sometimes I take a nap.

But some youth has energy. My friends have decided a 9 pm showing of a movie on Friday is a good idea like the last time j fell asleep in the theatre and my friend just let me sleep until I had to go home. 
But I'll take a nap before going this time.  Have you considered getting a physical? That’s just not typical of someone your age. I know what's causing it. Heart condition that needs another surgery soon  I’m sorry to hear that. This isn’t the post I thought I was responding to, not sure what happened! Yeah I replied to the wrong r/asireddit post yesterday like XD 