Did I take my meds? Time to count them, lose count. Recount them. Get a calendar out. Lose count of the days. Did I take them the day they were filled? Or the day after? 

Now how many pills did I have? Recount them. 

Do I feel like I took them? Do I feel like I didn’t?
F. Story of my whole life I hold my pill and look em in their imginary eyes and say something dumb to myself. That way later on I'll remember the stupid humerous thing I said to myself and know for sure I took it [deleted] Alarms do ir for me most of then time. Snooze them for 5 minutes when you really can't take your meds now. But only dismiss them when they're inside you  I try to make a point of taking my meds at the same time every day. It does help that I can definitely tell when I haven't taken them weekly pill dispensers!! saved my life so many times. i always used to forget meds/take double doses/generally fuck up but these are amazing

this is the one i have  (i think?) and it lets you see whether or not you took your meds that morning 
 https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B077NVKQX9/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_ZXxcBbMSBQ0R4 Those plastic daily containers are your friend, big time. Dump 'em in at the beginning of the month, then open the little box to see if you've taken 'em that day if you can't remember.

If the pill is there - nope. If not - yep. :)


https://www.amazon.com/EZY-DOSE-Monthly-Pill-Organizer/dp/B0083IY79G I have like 5 pill bottles i leave in a pile.

Sometimes i grab the 30mg, sometimes the 40. Whichever i can find.

Sometimes i just spill the bottle on my desk accidentally. At least that way, i know where the medication is at all times.

Kind of like how i left my Eyedrops shoved under the edge of that box in the corner of my room on the floor for 2 months, and the second they moved I had no idea where they went. I put my pills for each day in the morning in a separate bottle. 

Two days ago I put an extra in there I am guessing because I thought I took firsst dose but the contents of the bottle suggested otherwise, so I took another. I did take that first one... Well that is the logical answer, it is more likely I fucked up counting (to 4!) than my morning dose was somehow considerably stronger than ever before! This is diabolically effective.  I did this too, but then I got annoyed with it always being a red notification as I scrolled thru my screen and deleted the app.  I posted this as a gallows humor joke. And then forgot to take my meds. :-)

I will try the daily timer. Funny story: I left the oven timer beeping for three minutes while making cookies with my kids. I then got the cookies out. About ten minutes later my son came to me and said, “Beeping, Dad.”  Oh right. Turn off the oven. And also hear the beeping.  Didn't see your post before mine - great minds and all that. ;)

I like the monthly version:

https://www.amazon.com/EZY-DOSE-Monthly-Pill-Organizer/dp/B0083IY79G Indeed. The occasion has to be so random and filled with dumb imagination to be remembered, other wise it's just another boring thing I'll forget lol
Same helps with car keys, when I leave I have to physically hold my keys and look at em before I lock my car so I don't lock my self out. I just told my wife to gift this to me. I have a weekly one, but I’m way more likely to do the chore monthly.  [removed] 