Does everyone here really 'completely forget' about important appointments, meetings, deadlines, dates etc.? Some background: 
I'm 22M, got diagnosed last year. I do have some of the typical ADHD symptoms; I'm impulsive, careless, disorganized, fidgety, struggle to sustain focus (although not nearly to the extent that some people describe on here), lose track of time, and was very hyperactive as a child. School was never much of a problem for me. I never had behavioral issues, and got by with good grades up until college (I credit this to having parents who would accept nothing less than 'A's).

Some of the comments I read on this sub actually make me question if my diagnosis was accurate. I keep fretting over the fact that, in seeking a diagnosis, I may have exaggerated some of my symptoms. I struggle to recall any instances when I actually forgot about an important appointment, meetings at work, or that I was supposed to meet friends etc. Is this supposed to be a normal thing for people with ADHD?

Side question: My impulse reaction to getting angry or frustrated is to bite down really hard at my right index finger. Anything similar with you guys?

Thanks Depends. ADHD is different for many people.

I never, ever, ever, ever, EVER forget an appointment or meeting and I am *always* early. 

BUT. For that I run on pure anxiety and overcompensation. And I achieve it by NOT doing a lot of things that are *genuinely* more important--ie, poor prioritization, organization, etc. Always and never. I have a rule, its more of a law actually. If its not in my agenda, im not going to be at that appointment. If i agree to an appointment and I dont put it in my agenda right away, i am not going to be at that appointment. Its just a mathmatical certainty, and discovering it has fixed this problem completely. I tell people as well, when I am on the phone in the car: i am agreeing to meet you now but if you dont send me an invitation to a meeting i will not be there. People actually accept that completely. It baffled me at first, but most people see it as very professional. Most of the times I forget appointments are more along the lines of losing track of time. Often in the form of double-booking, planning to do work the next day and procrastinating today only to realize that tomorrow I have to meet someone, and sometimes, rarely, having a "oh shit that appointment was yesterday, not next week!" moment. I am really good about it, I use a calendar religiously and I set it to automatically add reminders for 1 week and 1 day in advance, so it rarely happens, but e.g. my boyfriend can easily remember these things without writing them down. He can also tell you what time it is with an error of only a few mins without looking at the clock.

Regarding exaggerating, my memories are often skewed based on recent events and emotions. If I end up forgetting an appointment, I can easily recall a ton of moments when I did the same, and I get an overwhelming feeling that it always happens. When I am happy, I have an easier time recalling my victories, and I feel like forgetting appointments rarely happens and it's not a big deal. I think this is part of ADHD.

I tend to chew on my inner cheeks when stressed. It is now swollen and I always have scars there. Not a good habit.

My advice would be to go with the treatment and see if it helps you. Don't stress over it. For me, the important things tend to be the ones I remember more, most things like Job interviews get tossed into my calendar. Like someone else pointed out, I mostly run on anxiety before these so tend to be early, sometimes by an hour or more. Remembering school or work has been fairly easy as well since it's a bit of a routine (if I can remember the day of the week). 

The stuff I'll end up forgetting are stuff like being asked to take out the trash tomorrow, or go to the store when I can to pick up that one item that was needed. I used to. Now I get so anxious about being late it's not even a possibility for me anymore. I'm always early. In fact, I'm almost always the first one to any meeting/place every time because I'm so paranoid about being late. I get to the airport 3 hours before my flight even starts boarding because I've had so many personal horror stories of running for flights. If the date is 2-3 weeks ahead, or even months, then there is no way I could remember an exact date/time without a google remind one or two days before. Incessantly. To the point I warn people. Ask Drs or other appointments to send reminders. If they dont. I ask if they would. But hey...trivia. Ill murder everyone in the game with knowledge. [deleted] I forget pretttyyy much everything.  How I've combatted forgetting important dates, appointments, heck even non important things like telling a friend I'd hang out with em certain date! all go into my phone's calendar with a two & one day notice heads up before event. This is kind of a simplistic answer, but not everybody has ALL the symptoms, and the symptoms we DO have vary in degree between people, and a lot of the times vary in the same person from day to day (or, hell, maybe even minute to minute). No. Forgetting isn't the problem, doing things is the problem. > I keep fretting over the fact that, in seeking a diagnosis, I may have exaggerated some of my symptoms.

I feel this a lot too. It's OK. I actually mentioned it to the doctor who diagnosed me, because I had done well at the little computer test where you click every time you see such and such number. He laughed and said, "Nope, you couldn't fool me - you definitely have ADHD." You're not the first person your doctor diagnosed - they know what to look for, and they've definitely seen people who exaggerated/fabricated their symptoms just to get a diagnosis.

Also, try to remember that in the end, the most important thing with mental health care is that you get help. At some level, a diagnosis is just a means to that end, because it comes with a treatment protocol/place to start. I will only remember things over a long period of time if I either write them down, or recite them ridiculously. I've learned this technique where I imagine myself at the time and place I need to be, when I get the notice that I've got to be there. 

But if it's not written down, or recited enough to transfer over to my long term memory, it's gone. I've asked my husband no less than 5 times when our flight leaves on Monday and I still couldn't tell you. 

Most of the time though if you have two objects of a due date: the thing to be done, and the day to do it, I'm more likely to forget the thing. I'll struggle all day knowing I was supposed to do something but couldn't remember what the heck it was.  My particular ADHD problem is I have damage to the area that deals with my working memory. I have lapses in thought. I will have to go pee then when I get to the bathroom the feeling may have passed and I forget why I'm in the bathroom. I was working on some computer programming assignment yesterday and forgot what I was doing. Now this went on for nearly 15 minutes. Not only could I now tell what I was trying to do I couldn't figure out what I already did and Ive been programming for 4 years. At first I started laughing then it made me really sad and frustrated. Not sure what other forms ADHD comes in but having a damaged working memory is a pretty bad symptom.  For me, not really. Because I'm so forgetful when it comes to smaller things, I've always had extreme anxiety about forgetting important stuff.

Like every couple hours every day leading up to an appointment or deadline I'll have that stomach drop of fear feeling that "omg I forgot" until I think for a minute that it's still a week away.

Stuff like meeting with friends I don't have trouble remembering because I get excited about it and look forward to it so it doesn't really slip my mind much.

Everybody has their own symptoms. I think if whatever treatment you get makes you feel better, then roll with it. The professionals are trained to tell the difference between real ADHD and people seeking Adderall or something so have some faith The invention of the Palm changed my life. Before calendars with alarms, I missed everything.  I have found that I need to set up multiple "traps" for myself in order to remember events and appointments. Example: I just saw my psychiatrist, who I will see again in 2.5 months. Now, they understand how my brain works, and I'll get a call AND a text 24 hours prior to my appointment. However, as with many of us I also have anxiety, so I tend to need more notice. Given this, I put the paper appointment reminder in a specific spot in my purse. This reminds me to set up calendar reminders on my phone and work calendar, which coincidentally reminds me to send an email to my boss asking for the time off (because what psychiatrist works nights and weekends???)
I also set calendar reminders for 1-2 weeks out, depending on what kind of work/personal events I have scheduled around my appointment. That way I am reminded to remind my boss/SO that I've got an appointment coming up. It's crazy and redundant, but it works for me.
Edit: I feel that I should add that I set an alarm for the time that I need to leave for the appointment, otherwise it won't matter how much prepwork I put in, I ain't going. I recommend taking a listen to Dr. Amens "7 types of ADD" this guy has actually researched what the brain looks like in different forms of ADD he goes into alot of detail (he also hates the term ADHD). Extremely interesting and it might help you. Just because you don't have the classic symptoms doesn't me you do or don't have it. 

Edit: link https://youtu.be/UWnJ4wjVu9k Don't worry, there really isn't a "normal" with ADHD.

I think I'm pretty similar to you -- very impulsive, careless, fidgety. I'm so disorganized I don't even notice the clutter. I almost never forget appointments, but I'm late pretty regularly since I lose track of time and never budget enough of it. I was a smart kid but totally scattered. I got awesome grades in school mostly because my parents constantly checked my homework. When college came I kinda crashed. Didn't get diagnosed til last year at the age of 28.

Try not to worry about your diagnosis. It's a different experience for everyone. I've met people with ADHD who have a motormouth and literally can't stop talking (I usually don't mind because the stuff that they say is often hilarious, and it keeps the convo fresh and engaging -- meanwhile the standard watercooler small talk has me snoozing almost immediately!) I, on the other hand, am totally introverted and would usually rather not talk at all.

It's also a common ADHD experience to question your diagnosis, though, so -- I guess I'll say, welcome to the club! If your doctor thought you were exaggerating, they would have picked up on it. Most are pretty sensitive to college-aged pill seekers, and you obviously didn't come across as one. Trust the medical pros to make the right calls. When questioning my diagnosis, it helped to read about the less talked about symptoms. For me what sealed the deal was finding out that people with ADHD often have a hard time with volume control. I'm the only adult I know who sometimes has to be told to use their indoor voice! 

ADHD doesnt have uniform symptoms and it will look different in everyone. It makes more sense to evaluate if a lot of the symptoms sound *right* rather than focusing on symptoms that seem irrelevent. Hmmm.... how would you know? Yeah, same as others, I tend to remember things like appointments and meetings because I get really stressed and paranoid about remembering them. Long-term stuff that I think about more than once is also a little easier than short-term stuff; if somebody asks me to do something for them at a certain time later that day, either I have to set an alarm/write a note or I'll totally forget that they ever said anything to me, maybe remembering hours to days late at best. 

That being said though, missing one or two symptoms that lots of other people have doesn't mean your diagnosis is wrong! For any diagnosis, you only have to have a certain number of symptoms, not every single one of them, and different people will have different combinations! For example, some people on here have tremendous difficulty planning ahead; I'm great at planning ahead, I just struggle with following through. I also have extremely little in the way of impulsivity. Still ADHD though! It's totally normal to question your diagnosis sometimes, but you don't need to worry too much about things like having the "right" symptoms :)  Once I completely forgot I had a wedding coming up and went away for the weekend. Now I rarely forget appointments and events because I'm almost obsessive about writing them down in my diary. Forgetting appointments makes me so anxious that I double check my calendar.  I have forgotten nearly every appointment I have ever had, regardless of how many reminders and alarms I set myself. If I set a reminder to go off 5 minutes before I need to leave, I'll still forget in that 5 minute window and won't remember until at least 5 hours later. I have even forgotten appointments that were scheduled to discuss my poor memory.  I missed my grandmother's anniversary dinner on Wednesday in which my immediate family went to her place to have spaghetti so she'd have company because my grandfather passed away last month. I had every intention of going but my brain autopiloted me from work straight home instead without me noticing.

I forget meeting times at work a lot but thankfully I have Outlook reminders for that.

I've almost forgotten the odd appointment but I usually stress over going to them to the point where they're on my mind constantly, which keeps me from forgetting. The ones I've almost missed are generally non-vital appointments like laser hair removal. I forgot about a college final once.  That was fun. I will have whole conversations with my wife that I have no recollection of having. I also almost forget we have any plans at all. All, The. Time. I also leave my glasses in the refrigerator. And search frantically for my keys and then realize I've been holding them in my hand the whole time. For me, even the act of forgetting seems to active a process. It suggests that it was there in my mind and I just ignored it. Instead, I find that the things I truly "forget" are similar in nature to the things I've never known. There's not even a faint wiggling of "maybe you've forgotten something..." I don't miss them IF I have a plan to remind myself.  So I guess, I would indeed forget them under normal circumstances.  I use Todoist daily to manage my forgetfulness. If it needs done, its on the list and if I have an appointment I put 5 reminders, 3 days before, 1day before, morning of day of (or 3hrs before) and 1hr before and finally 30minuts before.

However, now that I'm medicated (Diagnosed this last Christmas at 28y/o) I find that my reminders are a bit overboard.

I've come to the realization that the systems I used to use to stay on topic (note books, post-its, list tracking apps, routines) are becoming less needed.  While I don't plan on getting rid of Todoist. I do plan on cutting back the reminders by about half. No, quite the opposite. All the time. It's so frustrating. I have a calendar I put times of appointments in it, I set reminders and still forget.
I even put wrong times and it's frustrating.
Lately I've been better. School has helped me schedule myself a little better. Ugh, I can totally relate. I once missed a final exam in college because I just spaced it. (I got very, very lucky with a sympathetic professor that let me take it then and there.)

As an adult, it's even more important for me to stay on top of things, since my career and livelihood depend upon it. I've become a very big believer in calendars and to-do lists. I don't need to remember every date and appointment, I just need to remember to check my calendar. Instead of dozens of ephemeral individual actions and decisions it's a single habit.  I usually remember them, but two hours after they happen.  

What happens more often is I forget what day it is now.  I know my anniversary is on the twentieth, but when I woke up yesterday in was completely unaware that yesterday *was* the twentieth. Used too, after being disappointed and mad at myself for so long. I really stepped up my organization  Typically when I am late for something, its not because I forgot about it "completely," but I got caught up in something else and lost track of time or I didnt plan for some part of the adventure between here and there I dont forget, I freeze and dont go. I'll call at the time I'm due and say my nonnas sick, or I got called into work. I'm totally an asshole and everyone hates it and more importantly i hate it, but I'm stuck here in this dumb fucking hell. Yes, but I compulsively enter every important date in my Google calendar with multiple appropriate reminders. That way it doesn't matter whether I forget.  I once missed a repair exam for a mandatory course by thinking it was a week later. I was hanging out with some friends, and found out when their roommate who is in the same course walked in and started talking about how hard if was.

I just laughed and accepted that I would have to take the course again next year.

I took it this year. It was terrible. I don't really forget meetings and appointments, but I do tend to have a hard time getting out the door in time, or will often underprepare for meetings/appointments.  I live off Google Keep and make notes all the time, a great app for Android users. I don't necessarily forget them but always feel like im forgetting something If u have learned to cope well, maybe u don't forget events. I used to forget all the time until I became
Very diligent about it and now I don't forget very important things like I used to. I still have mistakes sometimes. I don't think it indicates ADHD anyway. A better indicator is how hard is it for u to leave the house on time to get to the appt on time on ur own? I forget anything that isn't routine. Because I work from 8am to 9pm most days, even an appointment every Friday is out of place because of how structured everything else is.
When I remember 2 hours before, or 10 minutes before, because I've seen a note or seen who I'm meeting at lunch, it's always a complete revelation. I had ABSOLuTELY no idea.
I can't expect myself to remember something I was last reminded about 4 days ago, so I make sure my planner is up to date. If I've seen it that day, I won't forget (usually) I don't forget about them every time. But it certainly happens to me. It's not even most of the time either, but it happens to me a couple of times a year maybe, and from the reactions of others, this is not a normal frequency for it to happen.

The other important point is that at 22 and particularly if you're still in college your life has mostly been organised to a high degree until now. It wasn't until I was trying to be an independent adult that things really fell apart for me. Every damn time. I do not know what I would do without my phone's calendar dude i've forgotten a flight.. twice.


Almost made it to the first one, having remembered about 1.5h hour before takeoff while sitting in class (lab) some morning in college/university. Airport is 45 min away. Think I even left some books in the lab when I bolted out of there. Got to the airport 45'ish min before the flight, didn't have passport or anything, and they didn't let me board. The other time I didn't remember until the next day.

Not the only time I've missed flights but those ones I just forgot about during some "hazy" days. (pre-diagnosis)

edit: Should note that now, after a few months of CBT many years ago, I don't forget things very often. Probably "normal" levels. Everyone still says I forget shit all the time but I credit that to some mild gas lighting (narc family). yes to the bitting,  it got so bad the O had to switch hands because it was leaving hard skin on my finger.  Well, I tell people often that the reason I can rewatch the same movies over, and over the years, or listen to the same kind of music for years, and years; is because typically I don't even remember the song or the movie until I place my attention on it. It feels like the first time all over again. 

Granted it takes me quite awhile to actually watch a movie, and I can't tell you shit about it afterward. I'll need to watch it a few times before I get the basic gist of the plot.

For instance, my favorite movie of all time is probably Interstellar. I have watched the movie a dozen times, and listen to the soundtrack hundreds of times. I don't even know what the main characters name is. no, i worry about forgetting though so end up thinking about said appointments, dont sleep well and open my eyes early just in case my alarm didnt go off, spend my mornings before my days off anxious that maybe it wasnt actually a day off...

shift work is fun. i only memorise one day at a time

as result of such things, i was in work an hour early today, but at least i had a coffee first that way Yes. I feel Spacey af but it's just my ADHD gone wild.  To answer your side question (which most responders seem to have forgotten to, hah), when I get angry or frustrated my go-to is to empathize super hard with whoever is causing it. If it's another person that works amazingly well unless I seriously can't figure out why they would do what they're doing (that doesn't happen often, usually I can at least make something up). If I'm frustrated at myself I have to take a break and calm down and reason with myself.  I don't ever forget important meetings or projects, etc., but I'm always so worried I will that I keep track of everything almost obsessively with a handmade planner (like a bullet journal) and a google calendar with specifically timed reminders so I'll be reminded in enough time to actually get wherever I'm supposed to be. And in response to the side note, actually yeah. Whenever I mess up with people (say the wrong thing, don't respond sympathetically enough, or just generally stumble in keeping up with an important conversation) I tend to get really stressed out and scratch my arms - it's a super weird habit that started in highschool, and I don't even notice I'm doing it until my arm starts to hurt or someone points it out. Once when I was still in highschool, my parents and I were fighting and I literally scratched my arm until it bled without even realizing it. I've always assumed it's part of the general twitchiness of the hyperactivity symptoms (I'm combined type, inattentive and hyperactive, and god it's terrible).  I am married to my google calendar. It's a lifesaver, since I work 3 jobs with different schedules every week. Everything is color coded, and it even tells me when I need to leave depending on traffic. I slip up occasionally, but for the most part I get wherever I need to be when I need to be there.  I don't forget things, though I may mess up the memory a bit. For example, I won't forget that I have homework, but for some reason I'm 100% sure it's due on Tuesday. When I'm working on it on Monday, I realize that it was already due on Monday  I always tell people that if I wasn't ridiculously early, I would be late. I show up at work at least half an hour early, and I feel like I'm late if I'm not.

I also have horrible sleep anxiety and think that I will sleep through my alarm clock even though it has literally never happened, which results in a shitty sleep any time I have an alarm set.  Constantly glancing at the clock every 2 minutes repeating in my head the time I need to leave...good times. That's me. I'm always early for appointments, and usually missing out on other stuff.  Owning your shortcomings goes a long way with others, especially when it's a matter of respecting their time. This. No appointment in agenda = no appointment.  Yes, it's counterintuitive really, I mean we spend so many years trying to manage it just by sheer force of will which doesn't work. When you just admit to the fact that you need things in writing people think you're just really really busy, rather than having a crap memory. Yup. I've told coworkers and employers: you can ask me to do something, I'm probably happy to, it has to be in writing. I don't need a formal contract, but you need to text me or email me if you want it done. Period, full stop. Or it won't happen.  I put appointments in my google calendar, and set it to send me reminder emails 5, 3, and 2 days in advance, and a few reminder notifications earlier on the day of the appointment. This helps immensely. And I have to do the calendar stuff right away or I will forget. Yes! If I have it written down in my planner, I will see it on the day and I will be there. 
If not, I will completely forget it and at no point spontaneously remember. I might as well never have been told, except for being held accountable.
I will remember about arranging it after I've been told I missed it, though! Terrible feeling. 

I really like the idea of being upfront like that, I think that would help with people thinking that I/you don't care, or value their time. Also I have to have that calendar open on the opening screen on my phone. I set alarms for appointments in the afternoon, when I tend to be absorbed in something. For recurring appointments, I try to make them on the same day and time so the habit helps remind me. Thanks. I can relate to what you said about memories being skewed based on recent events and emotions. Every time I fuck up, or lose something important, I say to my self 'Of course you have ADHD you idiot, why do you still keep doubting it?', but when I'm having one of my good days, I'm back to feeling like I'm just a normal guy who's careless and occasionally stupid.  
I don't think selective memory is something specific to ADHD though. For me, its the finger tips. I keep peeling off the skin of my finger tips with my nails. It's not painful or anything, and I don't have any disfigurement or calluses, but that's it. I think it's called dermatillomania (spelling?) 

But the rest of it is bang on.  Are you me? I'm pretty good at trivia, but I would be better if I could remember the specific thing when asked and not just remember *that* I know it. And then five minutes later my brain will finally dig it out and show it to me all, "here it is!! Aren't you proud of me for finding it?" No I'm not, brain! That's not where you were supposed to put that! > And finally, confirmed by my doctor, if the medication isn't making you high all the time, then that's pretty good confirmation you have adhd. 

I haven't been prescribed stimulant medication. Amphetamines are banned here in India, and my doctor was unwilling to prescribe Ritalin considering my history with drug abuse. I'm on 18mg Strattera right now. It'd be interesting to know what kind of effect, if any, non stimulant medication would have on neurotypicals. It's what I keep telling myself whenever the feelings that I described in my post begin to surface. Feels good to get some external validation though. > For me what sealed the deal was finding out that people with ADHD often have a hard time with volume control

They do? FUCK. Thank you so much for telling me about this. I can't tell you how many times I've been made aware that I'm talking too loud.
 Wow, that sounds pretty severe. Haha, so did I, almost, but I attributed that to smoking a ton of weed the previous day. Didn't know that ADHD was a thing back then. I was saved by my mom calling to ask about my preparation with half an hour to go. Same. Well, worse. I had a meltdown the night before the final because I hadn't studied and the friend who was due to look after my three year old was sick and had said she could take him if I really needed her to but she would prefer if I could find someone else, and I felt bad. I called my boyfriend who was at the time living abroad trying to set up a new life for us and he said to speak to them and explain the childcare situation and I'd be able to take the resits. That would give me more time. I did this and they were happy to let me take the resits.

I forgot to go to the resits. I was actually in a different country at the time. I don't even know how I did this because I literally must have booked the flights and everything being aware of the date except I clearly wasn't.

Which reminds me, twice I've double booked flights because I just forgot that I'd already booked them. With a non refundable airline :S I put in wrong times aaallll the time. It's like in the minute between hearing the time and writing it down, I just totally forget what it was supposed to be. > I also have horrible sleep anxiety and think that I will sleep through my alarm clock even though it has literally never happened

What dark magic is this, and how can I get some of it? I sleep through all three of my alarms on the regular... My jealousy of you knows no bounds. *clock reads as 8:17am*

Me: Awesome.  I'll be early so long as I leave by 8:30.

*clock reads at 8:19am*

Me: Awesome.  I'll be early so long as I leave by 8:30.

*clock reads as 8:42am*

Me:  WHAAAAAAAA- *sprints to car* Yes and no. On the one hand, everyone has a bit of bias based on their emotions.

However, ADHD comes with emotional regulations issues. When I'm upset, I tend to feel overwhelmed and automatically think of every bad thing that ever happened to me, spiraling out of control. I tend to feel emotions a lot more intensely than most people I know.

People without ADHD tend to develop emotional regulation as children. They learn how to self-soothe by having an inner voice that brings things back into perspective. It's something I've learned to do through therapy and it really helps.  Co-signing u/scatterbrain2015 's reply to you below. Humans ARE notoriously unreliable narrators because of emotion.

But ADHD amplifies and dysregulates that emotion like whoa, and *also* breaks the filters and prioritization.

It's super normal to blame the bad days on ADHD, and our "good" days on ourselves. But separating the two is impossible, as crappy as it is. It sounds like you're actively looking for a different diagnosis, my guy. That's a shame... does the strattera seem helpful?

I'm on dexedrine; the first day I was high and could Just Choose, and my thoughts came with priorities pre-assigned, and it was wonderful and amazing. :) After that I just had the choice (which is pretty damn useful); it felt like a little ball of sunshine in my belly. :) it's more of a tiny coal now - my body is good at adapting to drugs, and I'm near the max dose, but... I think it's still helpful? At least, anxiety keeps trying to talk me into not taking it, and if anxiety doesn't like it that usually means it's good for me ;) Plus, I did go off it once, and a bunch of annoying things I'd forgotten about reappeared. So I'm sticking with it, and vaguely intending to do more compassion/loving-kindness meditation, because that seems to strengthen my ability to choose :) I kinda wonder whether enough of that would make it strong enough to work without stimulants - but I'm not in any hurry to find out.  To me, that seems like doublethinking. You ask for people who have symptoms you don't have, and seek validation in the answer on a question about personal experiences on a very, VERY wide-ranged disorder (in terms of symptoms among different people) which is what the comment you replied to says. 

Then you reply to that comment with the notion that you want to seek validation, so to my understanding doesn't that make you completely undermine the comment you replied to and the first sentence of your own comment? 

Correct me if I'm wrong, I'm curious about different views on this.  Yes! That's how it is. I think to myself, is it 115 or 130 or 210 or 1020. Sigh lol  I've had some success with limiting sugars and starches in the evening. Any time I overindulge I don't feel like a real person when I wake up (if I even can). Oh god, that's me every morning on my way to work...I keep telling myself I'll learn someday, but, nope. I've started doing this too recently and I don't understand how it happens. I have a (university) class at 10am and always wake up at 9am for it, shower and just generally get ready before 9:30, no problem... It's when I go downstairs to eat in the meal hall, I get distracted by how gross the eggs are and start thinking about my culinary tech class in high school and how I could cook better then missing my dad and can't wait to go see him for the summer then I check the time it's literally 9:55 and I say well I have 5 minutes to get to class I guess I could grab another bowl of cereal and down it or something, when my class is literally at the other side of campus... It's like I don't realise how short 5 minutes actually is. me in college Hahaha, same here, but I'll forget something I meant to do when I'm walking out the door, and free I turn around and do what I needed, I'm running 5 min late. me_irl I constantly do this, and I can only laugh at myself (and mentally beat myself up) every time for thinking I should stay any longer after looking at the clock the last time (prior to be being late / missing the bus etc.) or thinking that I'd have enough time, leaving when I think I should, to begin with. There's no middle ground in getting somewhere for me. There's just this extremely fine line between 'early' and 'late' that I cross on a day to day basis. /r/2meirl4meirl  This. My emotional regulation is still very all over the place--but I'm 29, and I can "control" it in a way I never could as a kid, and the mechanisms I use are very very different from how a neurotypical person does it and require a lot more *active* effort on my part.  I'm starting to learnt that by talkin to someone logical. At some point I'm sure they won't be able to stand me but it's looking like I'm already getting decent at it which is such a huge relief :) > does the strattera seem helpful?

I've noticed subtle improvements in my concentration and edginess. I don't think 18mg is potent enough to do much else, so I plan on requesting my doc to up my dosage when I see him in a couple of weeks.  Yeah wasn't a very well thought out reply. What I meant was that when I have doubts about the accuracy of my diagnosis, I try to reassure myself that I don't necessarily have to have the same symptoms as everyone else, but for some reason, it doesn't sound too convincing in my head. I feel a lot better about it now having read all the comments on this post. 2 real I'm gonna go ahead and break my own cycle.  I need to leave in 8 minutes for work, but I'm just going to head out now.

This has been one of the toughest habits to manage.  That, and reddit usage.  :P Yes, this. Fuck. Thank you for your clear explanation. I know the feeling you are describing. I think it is important to remember what you need to have in order to function. Whether it is medication, social support, a structured environment around you etc. If you can get those help mechanisms off the ground, many high-impact-on-daily-life symptoms may reduce to minor problems in daily life. This can also be applied when you do not suffer from AD(H)D.

To me, your biggest strength is acknowledging your weaknesses and being able to find help living with your weaknesses. 

Good luck in life, fellow human.  Good job! I hope you make it to your work in plenty of time! (Obviously you will because you left 8 minutes early..but..yeah. Blind and pointless show of support).  Totally understand this. Why is it so hard? It's like I never want to leave before the precise minute I've decided to leave. I wouldn't be missing out on much by leaving two or three minutes early but I honestly don't know if that's ever happened with me. This makes so much sense and more of us should do it. I needed to meet with a study group an hour ago :) I'll follow your lead and actually head out there.  Yes! Why? It's like I feel like leaving at the last possible minute is somehow being more efficient. 