Living with ADHD and having kids: what’s it like? I don’t have any ADHD friends that are parents, so I’m curious, what’s it like? My wife and I don’t have kids yet  [deleted] Long time married, two kids, i have severe ADHD. 

Being a parent is awesome.  I can spend an entire day playing with them and teaching them. Every day is new, which keeps it all interesting. 

Start Couples therapy now when you don’t need it. Like right now. 10 sessions before you decide the value.  The statistical odds of divorce for ADHD peeps is well documented. Pro athletes have pro coaches. It’s actually an investment in the only thing in life that really matters.  It’s fun. And once things get crappy, it’s no fun at all.

I take my meds at about 10:30am so they are still working through kids bedtime.  And I take them on most weekends. Have done so fr 12 years. 

An ADHD parent needs their sleep to be most useful. The Book “Bringing up bebe” got both our kids sleeping through the night, in the same room since week 10.  

If you have the ADHD symptom RSD, get that shit handled. 

I love being a Dad. 

 There is a group r/ADHD_over30 It’s awful. I have ADHD and meds don’t work for me, so I’m a mess. I have 4 kids. 2 of them have ADHD. They need structure and routine and someone patient with their crap together and I can’t give it to them, which doesn’t help them. I can’t provide routine or structure, I forget a lot of their things, I get overstimulated easily, the emotional issues leave me with a short fuse so even though I know exactly why they are the way they are and they can’t help it, I lose my head easily. 
My house is a mess. My kids get an actual cooked meal once every few weeks(in my defense they are all picky and they complain about whatever I make anyway, so why bother lol). We forget homework. We forget meds. We forget basic things like brushing teeth. I miss appointments. I’m usually late. 
The mom guilt is awful. Not only did I pass this crap along to them, so they suffer, but my own suffering just makes their life worse. We had our first before my Dx. Second after Dx and Rx.

Night and day. I don't know how much of it is experience or how much is the meds, but the second is considerably easier. My wife commented that I seem more "connected" to our second child. I feel more patient and more "present". The more you know about adhd and are able to control your symptoms the better off you all will be.  I am a father of 2 who believes “parenting” played a large role in myself having adhd and subsequently my children too. [removed] That worries me a little. But thank you for your honesty.  I’ve never heard of RSD This will be good for getting new insight on things I'm really sorry. My mom guilt was enormous too. (Kids now basically grown.) Your post brought it all back to me. Love them as much as you can, tell them you love them all the time, be honest with them about what's going on, get your spouse to help if possible. And laugh as much as you can together. They will remember that. Hang in there. I’m so sorry. I hope you’re okay.  This sounds absolutely nothing like me This podcast will run you through the main symptoms of ADHD.  And it explains RSD, which many many of us have.  Would be good to share with your spouse.

https://www.stitcher.com/podcast/collisions/distraction/e/56420646?autoplay=true That makes me happy :) Why? That your not in the same situation. You can prepare and be aware :-) 