I think I found a solution to meal-prepping. I'm trying to lose weight and I've been struggling partially due to my night job. It's very physical and I've been struggling with meal prepping and then remembering to wash tupperware when I come home, so I've been trying to find a non-tupperware solution that's cheap and easy to do, and I think I found the answer!

I'm gonna make a ton of burritos (like 40) and freeze them! They'll be individually wrapped in foil that I can just toss, and I can make them all at once and then freeze them all, so I don't have to even meal prep every week, and the ingredients cost me less than my previous attempts.

I don't have to remember to wash a dish everyday or worry about leaving the dish at work anymore, I can portion control and probably use less time prepping overall.

Do you guys meal prep at all? I use Huel shakes for work. I enjoy feeling like a mad scientist when blending different flavours together :-D the powder keeps for like a year as well, and if necessary I can just wack some milk or water in the cup (which is so easy to clean - just rinse it before I refill it) then shake the powder in.

I keep fruits in the freezer and add them to the cup and use a stick blender.  Burritos are great! I make breakfast burritos in exactly the same way -- make about 12-24 at a time, wrap them in foil and throw them in the freezer.

&#x200B;

Do you have a dishwasher or do you have to do all dishes by hand? When we rented, my partner and I got a small 'countertop' dishwasher for like $100 online. It was decent and it did a good job of cleaning dishes/plates/tupperware, and made it easier for us to tackle the heavy-duty dishes by hand.

&#x200B;

If you DO have a dishwasher, I totally recommend ordering some dishwasher-safe/freezer-safe meal prep containers from amazon. I think we paid somewhere around $15 for like 30 containers. They're really easy to throw in the top rack of the dishwasher, so I am much more likely to wash and reuse them, and they're cheap enough that I don't feel bad for trashing them occasionally when I don't have the energy to clean out the nuclear meltdown of month-old leftovers. I just discovered Huel and it’s about the best thing that happened to my diet. I no longer forget to eat, forget to buy lunch, forget to pack lunch, forget to bring the packed lunch... you get it. It’s just there, I can grab it and keep working. So simple, so easy, so efficient.  