I'm in love with someone who has ADHD. Help us grow. Sometimes my SO is really late for plans (several hours), or forgets to call back, or double books due to saying yes to everyone, or becomes overwhelmed by life and ignores all communication. He is a very sweet and generous person who wants to please everyone. He is extremely intelligent and focused on self-improvement. I really adore him and love him and I'd like some tips on how to handle the social/relationship problems that ADHD presents. This was caught in our spam filter.  I am approving this post so that the community can see it and respond :) Sounds a lot like my SO, the only thing I know that kind of help is telling him to try to be better at timing and scheduling, and just keep reminding him about it over and over again. Thank you :)  This seems to cause a bit of frustration and overwhelming for mine. Does yours lose track of time and become full of anxiety?  [This video will give you the background of what I am trying to say.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wF1YRE8ff1g)

To start with I personally feel very overwhelmed when I have my SO and those around me constantly reminding me of things - especially things that don't need my attention at that exact moment. I can't visualise events that aren't immediate. 

When I'm reminded of all the things I need to remember, on top of the knowledge I'll forget all the things I'm being reminded about, while being aware that some of the consequences for forgetting the reminders are severe I feel like I can't cope, and I withdraw. I'd imagine this is what you're SO is feeling. 

So, I would first suggest you both sit down and work out the methods he finds work best for him to keep him on top of what needs to be done. Stick to it. 

For example, I like visual cues so I have post-its, a diary and colour coded tags. I also use reminders on my phone.

Then, taking one issue at a time practise on developing positive habits to help him improve using the method that works best for him. Don't list all the things he should be doing and then have him try and correct all of them at once. Take one thing, and have him work on it until he does it subconsciously. Then move onto the next. Building habits is a slow process. He has to be patient with himself. 

Also, a good tip is using call to actions on all reminders. A reminder that prompts some kind of activity works best for me, rather a vague 'by-the-way'. For example, I can't set an alarm for a 3pm coffee date because by the time I'm reminded I'm already too late. So it becomes a 2pm alarm which tells me to stop what I'm doing and start getting ready to leave for the coffee date at 3pm. 

I don't think suggestions to try harder or anything along those lines work. He is most likely trying really hard to change, and it can sometimes become a reminder you're constantly falling short (despite it being used as encouragement). 

My SO and I have been going through a huge learning curve along the same lines. He's efficient in most things and tends to be on the ball about what needs to be done. I am obviously like your SO. Lots of interesting stories there.

I hope this helps.  >This seems to cause a bit of frustration and overwhelming for mine. Does yours lose track of time and become full of anxiety? 

It causes frustration for mine as well, but I've noticed that he's has become better with timing. Yes he often loses track of time, however he just started with anti-anxiety meds so I'm not sure if it bothers him too much. For myself however losing track of time and then realizing I don't have as much time as I thought I had makes me very anxious.  You're amazing thank you so much for this insight. I can't even tell you how helpful this was!  I'm very conscientious about time, so I don't lose it. Maybe my SO would benefit from anxiety meds.  I am so glad to hear that! :)  does he seem to be anxious in general, not just about time? then it might be something to consider.
 Yes, he does. He says he runs on stress.  