I felt like my meds aren’t at the best dosage, but I always forget to keep track of my feelings and symptoms. Any tips? This is actually my first post, yeah!

I was diagnosed in Mar 2018, not too long ago, and my doctor prescribed Ritalin. I started from 10mg a day to about 20mg twice a day now. 

I visit my doctor every two weeks to discuss my feelings and symptoms and to see if I need to adjust my dosage. But I just can’t remember to keep track of those stuff, I can barely remember to take my meds, or, even worse, where I put my meds. So when the doctor asks me how do I feel, I always answer that I feel fine. 

I feel like 20mg twice a day isn’t enough for me since I barely feel any difference but slightly faster heart rate and more serious sleep problems. 😞 

Other than that, I’m also bad at noticing the difference in my body, unless it’s something super obvious. So it’s also difficult for me to tell the doc

Can someone please offer me some tips so I can better communicate with my doctor and adjust the dosage of ritalin? Thanks x My recommendation is an app called [Daylio](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.daylio) . It's a daily mood and activity tracker that's quick and easy. It reminds you automatically to fill it out, takes a few seconds to complete, and shows you nice graphs of your past weeks/months with activity correlations. One nice thing is you can completely customize the activities, so I have a sliding scale style with symtoms. For example focus-1, focus-2, focus-3, etc. as a sliding scale for how focused I feel that day on a scale of 1-5. Hope it helps!


  You could use an app on your phone to keep track of your symptoms.  I use a period tracker app that has an easy way to add symptoms and I use that for non-period-related symptoms all the time.

You could also just use a calendar app — instead of your appointments/plans for the day, you put in how you felt.

I like using the phone because it’s one less thing to carry around and I can jot down a feeling right away.  If you’re already in the habit of using a paper journal at night, it might be easier for you to just add a line to that — “today I took ____ and I felt _____” Buy a notebook, keep a daily journal. Read and summarize everything before your appointment. Bring everything written down. How long does 20 mg last for you? My 40mg makes no difference to me. Perhaps not exactly what you need, but I use the paid version of Daylio. (A mood diary) You can set timed alerts to quickly note down how you feel with the possibility of adding extra notes. I do recommend it, its helped me a lot. 

I get bored of notes/carrying around pen/paper. But I do not leave the house without the phone. So for me its easier.  I use a nagging mood tracker on my phone I made a 2 sided sheet that has 15 min intervals from 8am to 7pm with sufficient space to write comments next to each time. I add comments to keep track of when I take my ritalin and as I feel off or particularly good (yawned, stared into space, mind going fast so was misspelling things, etc). Thanks for this - I'm going to try it! I actually tried this before but I ended up with several newish notebooks 😂 I either straight up forget about it or remember it and leave it somewhere +1 for the notebook. If you feel like you'll forget to write in it buy one that's small enough to fit in a pocket or whatever so that at least for a few days you can carry it with you and be reminded of its presence. For me, it was obvious that I can focus for a longer periiod. But I’ve been taking 20mg now, I don’t know if my body adjust to the dosage or something, i start to lose focus and get distracted all the time. That’s why I post this, so when I visit my doctor next time I can actually answer the question of how do I feel.  Okay I just realized you ask how long it last 😂
I mostly get up at 10am and I took 20mg. At about 1:30 or 2 pm I take again.  Thanks for the recommendation! Np. I would have to take some every hour if for it to work.  Wow that’s a lot. So about how much do you take a day?
I just got off the phone with my pharmacist and she suggested me to cut down my afternoon dosage to only 10 because of my sleep problem... Ugh😞 If i wanted it to last all day that's... jesus christ. 400 mg of ritalin. 