Carrying around a little notebook to write things down in is really helpful... until you leave it somewhere. That's all. I'm kicking myself. It's not life-ending, just really disappointing. You might also want to try a note taking app for your phone. So when you forget your notepad you can quickly use the text to speech function. When you find your notebook you can add it to the book or just scratch it off when you are done. I started using a bullet journal after reading a lot of positive things about it by people with adhd. Now im one of them, this system is great. Just make sure to use it how it is intended. It is a system to help you organise and structure your life developed by someone with adhd. The thing is people without adhd also use it but then in a fancy way. It is based on making lists, something most people with adhd are very good at. If you want more information look at: www.bulletjournal.com and watch the videos (no reading just watching!).  Yep, I buy small sketchpads, which are filled with doodles, notes, lists, but I never finish more than 75% of the pages before buying a new one. I have a large pile of them with half blank pages.  To-do list

1) Find my last to-do list  I have a transfer notebook. I move important thoughts from my carry book to my desk book. The ADHD will lose small items  -- it just comes with the territory. I am sorry you feel bad. It sucks to lose helpful stuff. But I do rewrite the thoughts I am certain I don't want to lose -- or enough to remind me what I first wrote anyway. The desk book is attached to a cord - next to impossible to remove from its spot.  I open a new chrome tab for that :) Do it on your phone, or take pics of your pages every day and keep them on cloud storage.

We had a whiteboard at work and had to take pics of it every day because it would get full and insane. And then we could also transcribe the most important ones into the project management tools or somewhere more visible to act on them. I have a work notebook, field notebook, backup field notebook, home green notebook, home red notebook, black, and now burgundy. Writing it down is half the battle especially since i am visual-kinesthetic learner. 

It sucks when you can't remember a detail in a different notebook. 

Evernote is great.  First page:


IF FOUND PLEASE CONTACT 
<contact details> 
REWARD!!!

 Ugh, sorry to hear that. :( I would be a mess. I keep meaning to put a Tile in mine. Thanks for the reminder.

I see lots of suggestions for notetaking/planning apps and such. These can be great, but some of us just think better on paper. Also I find that having my notebook/planner not attached to all the distractions of the internet is a good thing.

The Bullet Journal app has this brilliant feature where you can note stuff to put in your journal later if you don't have it with you, and anything you put in the app will DISAPPEAR after 48 hours. So you set an alarm to remind yourself to transfer it over to your physical journal, and the deadline gives you that crucial motivation to actually write it down. This happened to me with my calendar!!!! My girls called it my life planner and it literally was! I was devastated and really did miss several important birthdays and dates until I got a new one and filled it out....it was a nightmare of me having to apologize and feel guilty 😩 Amazon Alexa, bro.  Amazon Alexa.

She'll get you so fucking organized that you'll feel like a CEO.

And if you lose your phone, you just ask Alexa on your Echo Dot, "Alexa, find my phone" and BAM!  There it is. Maybe a Tile attached to the notebook?  My.... Life I just had an idea the other day, but of course I only did it for one day then forgot.

The rule is every morning take one sheet of paper and fold it up and keep it in your pocket all day. Use it to write all of your days apts, lists, tasks, numbers, etc. That night, cross off everything completed, then transfer the unfinished tasks, apts etc. onto the next days piece of paper. Keep blank and used paper in the same binder. 
 This is why I bought my note 8 Put it into the cloud. I  will make lists for a day or two, then forget to check the lists. Or I'll forget what I wanted to write when I am making the list. When I remember, the notebook is not by me or I can't write (driving etc). I've been losing things my whole life. By the time I was in highschool, my reaction to losing things wasn't even to get upset - I just accepted the thing was gone, that was life, and moved on. I guess I'm still like that today. It's not really a good thing, but literally it happens so often, if I allowed myself to dwell on things that I lose or go crazy looking for them, it would like ruin me. ADHD = always fucked

The same happened to me when I finaly decided to go swimming because of my overweight and "sports helpful blah... you know the deal" .... first day there, lost my wallet (never happened again, though, to add some slightly positive to the topic). Technology Pro tips for Android users. Google Assistant recognizes the command "note to self" and will allow you to link that action to note apps like Evernote or todoist. I personally use Todoist and love this feature.. all I have to say is "note to self send email to whoever later" or whatever, and the item gets dropped on to my to do list.

It's actually faster than writing it down and because it syncs to the cloud I don't have to worry about losing it. Add a tile to the book by sticking it inside the cover. You can then Gps your book and if you loose your phone you can make ur phone ring by pressing the button on the tile. Dude, use a note taking app or stuff like Google drive or Onedrive and save your notes there. Being doing that and I could access my file on laptop or phone Evernote is a lifesaver for me, I use it on my phone primarily and it automatically syncs to the windows app so anything thats on my phone is on my laptop. I use it to take notes in class or remind myself of assignments by typing quickly what is required as the teacher says it.

Hope this helps someone as much as it helped me. Good idea. Unfortunately I don't think I'll find it. I know where I left it and checked with the campus police for any items turned into the lost and found. So, it's reasonable to assume someone took it.  Love it too. I’m a believer. This coming from someone who couldn’t be fucked to keep a real planner going longer than 3 weeks. Seeing the bullet journal and the level of discipline required to build it and keep it maintained stresses me out. I would probably start out strong and then give up because I wouldn't fill out a month or put off migrating tasks and adding things to the index. Then I would just want to rip out all the pages I already filled out and start from scratch every time the system broke down. This is generally how taking notes at work happens for me.

I liked having a pocket sized moleskine weekly planner that had dates on the left and notes section on the right. It provided a good amount of structure, but with lots of freespace for some freeform notes. I would put ad-hoc notes inside on rectangular post-it notes which I could throw away or move around easily. 

Ultimately, I would forget it. Lose it in the belly of some backpack or my desk at work and then I would be completely disorganized, miss adding events / tasks to it, and then just wind up using my google calendar and iphone notes app.  Then I would have two things that were out of sync and eventually give up on the paper since I already always have my phone, but can't and won't carry the planner everywhere since I don't have a ton of pockets all the time. It only works if I have it handy almost all the time.

Now I'm pretty much trying to do everything on my phone using apps that sync to the cloud. Especially things I can just ask siri to create. I"ll talk to my phone to create reminders, add things to calendars, and add to the end of notes, or set timers so I know when the laundry is done in 45 min. I can bring most those up on my home or work computer and enter new information quickly before I forget and I almost always have my phone on me.  I basically use the notepad for the same purpose. It's nice making a to-do list for the next day, or writing a grocery list so that I stay on track at the store. When I go without it I always end up with at least a few things I rationalized buying (though I sometimes do so with it as well haha). With a list it's easier to say 'nope, I came here for these things and that's it. that's why I wrote them down.' And it carries over into other things. When I write things down, I have a memory in my mind of the thing I wrote. It's solid and can't be broken up or changed, because it's a physical thing. All ideas that aren't written are fluid, in many chunks. They're harder to pin down. As I'm trying to collate it into something workable it's altered in some way, and never how I originally intended. It just doesn't happen with a written thing. Weird, but yes, it works for several reasons!  I also love my bujo. I mostly keep it minimalist and functional but I also sometimes have fun making it fancy and pretty. So? If that is something that works for you, keep going! You finish 75% of it ...... I would love to finish 75% of what i want everyday.  This is an awesome idea.  

edit: actually thinking about it, I have a system somewhat like this. Instead of a perma-notepad in the house though I have a plastic carton that I put all the important dates and appointments and assorted info into. It never leaves the house. But I think your solution is much better. Tell me more. Does chrome have a built in notepad in the browser? That is a nightmare, especially as that was 'the one with everything in it'. I guess it comes with the territory, unfortunately.   I imagine sacrificing a stack of post its to the sky. That's one thing I love about my pixel (1). I can tell it to make a note/appt/phone call without even touching my phone...not sure if that feature is on any other phones but I know my iPhone 5c Siri had to be summoned with a long press If you're a Mac user like me, the Reminders app syncs with your Macbook too! Saved my life. Another great option is OneNote.  Second this. I like Evernote because it has so many options to record things. You can type a note, or finger-scribble, or make a recording. I also like how you can organize notes in notebooks--I'd be so screwed otherwise. I doubt some one took so much as the janitor binned it when he found it left about. Just get a new one and carry on there shouldn't be anything particularly important in there. And if there was in the future you may want to limit yourself to storing important things on evernote because you cant lose that. I tried for years to use planners, moleskin style notebook, phone apps, etc, and yeah, the bullet journal approach is the only thing I've stuck with and actually gotten real utility from. What I love about it is that it's the note taking system that makes it work. The journal itself is nice and I buy it to support Ryder Carroll since the system has helped me so much, but any dot grid journal could be used effectively. I felt similarly to you, I eased my way in to it. I first used a scratch notebook to just start tracking the things I needed to remember, then after a month I did the task migration. After that, I went whole hog in to it and I haven't looked back. Don't stress about it.  Yeah eventually I began to embrace it. Not everyone has neat notes. I think just the act of writing it down is what helps, so I doodle in between lines whatever. The url **data:text/html,%20<html%20contenteditable>** gives you an empty notepad in the browser. Put into the bookmark bar, so its a fast way to take notes (although without supporting or saving). Ya.. The search bar. Gotta add to the FBI database  A better option, IMO.  I switched from Evernote years ago and never regretted it. Hopefully they weren't finished with work and waited until later to turn it in. I can't imagine just throwing away someone's personal notebook at a school. Maybe. Anyways, yes, I've moved on. I'm used to this.  I love that I’m not confined to prefab layouts that give me guilty feels for going empty for a while. If I fall off the wagon, I can pick up right where I left off, no blanks! And the ability to add collections or just journal is everything to me; no other planner does that for me. Embracing messiness is so relieving. Nothing of mine will ever be organized but I can still make it work Thats cool! You can use the google keep extension and add whatever you type to your keep notes It really depends on the janitor, some don't care and some do. Another risks is some one else just chucked it in the bin just because. It's worth checking again with lost and found but in either case use this as a learning experience. 

In the future if its important trasnfer the data from your carry book to your safe book. 