When you Feel your meds or coffee didn't kick in (yet), drink water generously Not discovering fire here.
Some mornings you feel like your meds didn't kick in yet or well enough, it may be because you didn't have enough sleep, or too much. Anyways you are dehydrated, so not enough blood goes to the gut to absorb the stim (med or nonmed), so you might want to give it extra help by drinking plenty of water.
Good luck fellow brains. It may sound obvious but its actually great advise. I drink 2 8oz of water first thing in the morning everyday and carry a 32oz hydro flask I carry around daily. 

It makes both coffee and stims super effective. So simple, yet so affective. 

I just realized I've forgotten to drink water today. Thank you for the reminder! A protein shake with my meds give me the sickest focus. I wonder if that is how neurotypicals feel when they are energized in the morning and motivated  High acidity in the stomach adversely affects meds as well. (Sorry if that's a topic already been discussed) 
 Dang! I'm going to the nearest drinking fountain right now! You may well be a lifesaver! Great reminder. I am SO bad at keeping myself hydrated. I just forget to drink water. It doesn't occur to me until I go to the bathroom and my pee is super dark, and then I forget again within five minutes of leaving the bathroom. Sigh. I have been trying to create a system where I am reminded to, but nothing has stuck really well yet.  Bless you  Thank you, this is a legit ADHDLPT  Thanks for the advice! I bought some caffeine pills today and now I know to drink plenty of water before and after taking them :) Thank you! I was seriously just thinking my meds don't seem to be working, I wonder if water would help. :) Yeah, I started keeping a water dispenser in my room cuz I realized I'm really not drinking enough during the day. 

It's the best.  This changes everything! Seriously. I never thought about it. I always wondered why I seem to do great some days and other days are bleh.  I never realised this but it makes perfect sense, thanks! Great advice! Quite often I suddenly realize I haven't taken my pill yet, then I walk into the kitchen to get water, then suddenly realize how thirsty I was & chug the whole glass of water before sitting down and forgetting why I went to get water. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ How bad is it that I drink Pepsi max every morning with my meds? nonmed nonmed nonmed My pleasure  You find that it works well even when taken with? I keep wondering whether to have my protein shake 1 hr after my meds like usual or to combine. Wasn't sure about trying it and chancing a negative effect but the "sickest focus" sounds intriguing.  Lol I mean assuming your meds are a stim like amphetamine, *no*, that is not how a neurotypical person feels. Stimulants put your brain on a kind of hyperspeed, which has the effect of making your ADHD manageable, but also makes you feel like king of the world. Neurotypical people just don’t have the symptoms of ADHD.

Obviously this is an oversimplification but ADHD on meds != neurotypical. It just makes you able to manage the ADHD. Same here, it so happens that if i bring a bottle of water to work, i actually empty it on the go... just because it is on my desk... downsides? none!  Bad  Making the right decision for you based on your needs. Making the right decision for you based on your needs. Making the right decision for you based on your needs.  This is some real ADHD shit here I mean, we are all different, I have just learned that I, for some odd reason, need high amounts of protein to function well.

I think I take my shake like 10-15 minutes after I take my meds.  I am on methylphenidate, and I don't feel like the king of the world lol nor does my brain get put on hyperspeed Like how ineffective am I making my meds? ? I just thought it sounded a little like "nom nom nom". I admit I hadn't taken my meds yet at that time. My bad. I was in a bad mood earlier, think I assumed a little too much when replying to your comment and was projecting my insecurities. I’ve been trying to come to the terms with the fact that my meds don’t make me “normal” and neither will anything else. Please don’t take it personally. Well you are dehydrating yourself, which will not only make your meds less effective, but can also lead to long term health problems with your kidneys... and nearly every other system of your body.  I understand. Good luck man.

And also, fuck being ''normal'', we are who we are and we do our best to be high functioning and we will be with the right tools and help and meds  Surely something that contains water doesn't actively dehydrate me? 