Anybody feel worthless, hopeless and just not good enough because they forget things, get distracted and just never finish anything? If so how do you deal with it? I just feel like everyone else is better than me, because they have careers, degrees, families and all the usual normal things people have at age 35. 
I hate my ADHD, people tell me it’s a gift but I don’t see how. Mostly by being sad all the time tbh. What you need to do is find solutions. Seek out information and learn about your ADHD. Learn about your executive function deficits. Find ways to learn how to become more self-aware. We all grow up and experience the same things. What you do with your situation is up to you. Never use your diagnosis as an excuse to why you can't do something. We can do anything, we just have to find different ways than most people. Hope I have helped you.  Friend have you tried going to a therapist? Not even for the feelings of worthlessness or whatever (which I face daily too). A therapist can help you find coping mechanisms and techniques so you can work _with_ your ADHD. I’ve found that the only way I can prevent those feelings of worthlessness and hopelessness is by arranging my life so that it sets me up for success, medicated or not. 

For me that means things like only using one purse and never taking anything out of it for more than a few seconds. If I took my adderall out of it in the mornings, I’d forget to take it to work, so instead I take one pill out, immediately put the bottle back inside, and then drink my pill. 
Another example is that I know I won’t want to get up to clean or cook should I sit down after I get home from work, so I don’t allow myself to sit down until I’ve at least cooked, no matter how tired I am. If I did, I’d have to eat junk food every day (or not eat at all, which has happened). 

I, like most people with ADHD, am great at starting projects and horrible at finishing them. I found that letting myself get carried away by the inicial excitement of the project the first day or two causes me to burn out faster, or that a big project is overwhelming and my brain can’t figure out how to do it just off the cuff, so I try to divide things up into small steps and then do 1-3 a day. For example, I can’t just say “spring clean” on my Monday to do list. My brain doesn’t automatically know how to split that up into steps, it doesn’t know where to start, it can’t even think about what needs to get done! Instead, I have to split it up into every tiny component (house>rooms>needs of individual room), write out EVERY step, and spread them out throughout the week. It can’t even just be “Monday - clean bathroom”, that needs to be split up too. So maybe Monday’s todo is “clean bathroom countertops”, “take out trash”, “wash bathtub” and “scrub toilet”. Then Tuesday can focus on the living room: “put coats in the closet” “take dishes to sink” “dust” “vacuum” or whatever. Etc etc. 

It helps me because I don’t feel like a failure for not doing all my cleaning in one day, because I wasn’t supposed to! If 4 tasks is too much at first, make it easier on yourself and start with 1, even if it’s a tiny, tiny thing. Accomplishing just one thing and forcing myself to congratulate myself on it instead of thinking “I didn’t do more” actually helps motivate me. Sometimes I’ll only have 1 thing to do that day, but the excitement from accomplishing it can help me tackle things I put off for other days. Just don’t do too much because you’ll burn out (learned that the hard way). 

Having other people keeping you accountable helps too, but I find that it’s better to motivate myself without any external factors. 

Anyways, that’s only what has helped me cope with it. But depending on how you react to your own ADHD, these might not work. This is why I recommend seeing a doctor who you can talk to about your default unhealthy coping mechanisms and how to either modify them so they help you, or how to set yourself up for success. 
Comparing yourself to neurotypicals your own age does nothing but hurt you. They have something you don’t and society doesn’t care to help us get on a playing field (at least not right now). You can’t even compare yourself to others your age with ADHD, you never know what kind of support system or privileges they have had. The only fair comparison is comparing who you are today to who you were yesterday, and even if the you today didn’t make you as proud as the you yesterday did, you have the knowledge that you’re working towards improvement everyday. ADHD is lifelong, the best you can do for yourself is embrace it and figure out how to use it. You can’t live a neurotypical life because you’re not neurotypical. I find comfort in that Einstein quote that says something like “if a fish’s measure of intelligence was based on how well he could climb trees, he’d grow up thinking he was stupid” or something like that. 
We can’t climb trees, but we can do other things! And just as creatures adapt to their different environments and that doesn’t make one superior to another, adapting our lives and standards to fit ADHD will make us live out our own potentials.  I get down on myself sometimes too but in the end I sidetrack the whole “poor me” shitshow by just not wanting the things they want, so I literally can’t drink that compare-shlager. I don’t want to go to school or have my own family. I’ve spent my first thirty years running from my original one, why would I want the same structure that caused me that much grief? I’d rather create my life differently. And hey, if you wanna do normal people stuff, go for it. Do it on your own timeline in your own way. But don’t force yourself to do it someone else’s way. It won’t work. I remember back in college before I knew I had ADHD, comparing myself to people I knew who were taking on 7 class course loads instead of the normal five. I tried that and got overwhelmed more quickly than cold-blood in Alaska. Had no idea why I was so smart and couldn’t do what they did. If you keep the mentality of forcing a fish to climb a tree you won’t get too far. Put that fish in a body of water and watch it go! Find out what you need personally to succeed and do that. However long it takes. Will feel a ton better than doing it someone else’s way and suffering internally.  I don't know if this will help for you, but when I feel like crap emotionally I just watch some comedians for a few minutes. "it's a gift" - yeah, ADHD doesn't look very bad if you've never experienced it yourself - feeling really stupid all the time, because you keep missing stuff because you weren't paying attention. And it's not that you're really stupid, in fact you might feel you actually have a lot of potential, making it all the more frustrating.

&#x200B;

Pretending ADHD is just a quirky character trait people have doesn't do justice to the reality of ADHD, and it really stigmatizes people who use medication to be more like neurotypical people. I'm really not surprised ADHD is often comorbid with depression. I myself have had therapy, and recently started meds. To me, this is self-actualization, not cheating or changing to fit in or something.

&#x200B;

Like other said, try therapy, try working with your ADHD - it does have advantages. Don't feel bad about what you can't change, but try to improve your life. I think that if you've survived with ADHD for so long, you might find you have developed some very specific skills. See how others with ADHD do it. This subreddit sometimes has some nice insights, or a lot of moments of recognition anyways. All the time.  And I’m decade older than you.  Is there anything you have hyper focus for that you can feel proud of? I'm lucky I started music as a child. It's an instant reward hit for me every time I produce a beautiful sound.

Whatever thing you do, it shouldn't matter if it makes you money as long as it makes you respect yourself. Self-respect from any cause can help lead to all those other things you want. Every. Single. Day. Frequently... can’t wait to turn 31 next month... what am I doing with my life? Why is adulting so hard? Yes.  Yeah. Cute girl at work who is 100% neurotypical. I don't have a chance.   I have done in the past. I may do so again in future. But in general, I've found myself over that particular hurdle. Just took time to realise that moping about it doesn't help me in any way. Shit happens. I'll get through it or I won't. But whilst I'm around and about, I'll do my best to enjoy the good bits. =] There are good people in my life, and many interesting things to do. I may not finish it, but I'll have a right laugh with whatever I do manage. =D Then the next thing will come along, and I'll enjoy every bit of that, too. You can try gamification of tasks, it help with providing constant reward and as far as I know can artificially give us the reward boost that we do not normally get during tasks. Yup. Lifetime of feeling this way. It is better now after dx a few years ago, meds, and CBT. But I have times where I beat myself up like this.

ADHD is mostly a curse at least in modern life. I don't think any of the few advantages I can think of really make up for it. It is a hindrance. A handicap. 

But it isn't our fault.  Feel that way too often. 

Remember that living with ADHD is like trying to play piano with one hand. You tend to miss a lot of keys, and it feels like the audience is having a good chuckle at best, or offended/irritated at worst. But shit, if you can get the main melody out, that's all you need (fuck the audience btw, if they make performing harder, boot 'em out); don't expect yourself to be the Chopin of Life and Daily Tasks.

It sounds really trite, and Ibr, I get REALLY resentful sometimes anyway. It happens. You have a right to be angry and upset and self-pitying - just as long as you keep it healthy. :( Norm McDonald is great for this. He has a contagious laugh!  Thank you so much for your advice, i appreciate it :) Sorry to hear that dude, It really sucks. I hope you turn your frown upside down soon, you deserve it :) I’m glad it’s not just me, remember, you’re not alone in this, no matter how much you feel it.
I’m in this with you. We all are. :) You don’t know if you don’t try my friend, you might be surprised.... Thank you, I’ll check him out :) believe it or not I started doing stand-up myself, I’ve done 2 gigs so far, just 5 minute beginner evenings, but I have had laughs and haven’t been booed offstage so that’s good :)  That's awesome! I wish I had your courage. 