Making an ADHD PSA for film school, need suggestions! I'm currently in film school and for one of my classes we need to create a Public Service Announcement. I wanted to create mine on something that hits home for me, so I chose ADHD. I was diagnosed 7 years ago and worked very hard to get through school with it, and I'm continuing the journey with it through college (Im sure you all know the struggle). 

In my PSA I will be conveying what it feels like to take a test when you forget your meds. The point of the PSA is to educate people that ADD and ADHD are real conditions. I want to do this by placing them in someones shoes who has the condition by using POV shots and other film techniques. 

Unfortunately I have come across many people who write of ADD/ADHD as fake excuses. I'd like this PSA to show people like this what it really feels like to live with the condition.

In the scene the student will sit down to take the test, but it will continuously cut to things that are distracting him. Examples: Shots of the clock ticking, fingers tapping, people biting on pencils. But I would also like there to be cuts to other things outside of the classroom (like quick flashbacks) that may be distracting him. Im looking for suggestions of things that you may often find yourself distracted by.

 Finally the most important thing I need your help and opinions on is the PSA's tagline. The tagline goes at the end of the PSA and should be short but effective. My current idea is something like: "ADHD, Its Real, Its Common, Its Complicated". Let me know what you think and please give me any suggestions for any part of this PSA. 

Also, if have a story about a time your ADHD/ADD effected your ability to focus on a test, please describe your story to me and how you felt. Use as much detail as you can so I can try to find a way to make the viewer feel what your describing. 

Im asking a lot with this post, but I think its for something that could truly help our community. Please feel free to say as much or as little as you like! All suggestions help! So I'm a writer so I'm gonna try and make this as descriptive as possible without making it boring. 

It was calculus. Again. This was the third time I had taken it at the university level. And today was the test, the final. The big kahuna. Unfortunately, I couldn't get out of bed. The crippling anxiety and painful what if's seemed to pour out of my mind straight into the real world, choking me. If I could only make it out of my bed, and across the room to my medication, I'd be able to stop this. I'd be able to focus. Instead I decided to sleep, I wanted to cry at the crushing weight that pressed down on me knowing I'd have to deal with consequences later. But that was later, and right now I didn't want to think about the 900 reasons, this was going to destroy my chances of passing this class. Again. ADHD, it's not an excuse; it's a prison sentence in your own comfort zone.

Edit: I got bored so I TLDR'd it.  Distracting surroundings have never really been that big of a deal for me during tests. What's the worst are all those little sloppy mistakes I keep making which makes test-taking super frustrating.

The most frustrating thing is during multiple choice tests with an answer sheet where you have to fill in the holes. These things make test-taking so much harder than is needed! It will happen at least three times that I notice that I'm at, let's say, question 26, while my answers are at 24. This means backtracking to where it went wrong, erasing answers, going over the questions again, filling them back in correctly, continu. Finally, question 32.... I'm at answer 33... EVERY FUCKING TIME! You could make this a recurring thing in your PSA, it sure is with me at least. Maybe after one of those flashbacks.

Second biggest annoyance is when I accidentally don't read the question/answers thoroughly/correctly, or forgot what the question was exactly so I started explaining the wrong thing. If I read the question again, this means erasing most and starting over... Way too often I miss a detail in the question which was actually very important. Maybe you could incorporate this in your PSA when he thinks he answered correctly but reads the question again and it's about something else.

When I get distracted during tests it's often when I'm trying to come up with good examples or ways to explain myself. When I start thinking about it the thoughts lose direction. Sometimes I start writing irrelevent stuff (which means more erasing/crossing), or lose time because I forget I'm currently taking a test, or forget what I was trying to answer. So that could be a voice-over moment with a 'stream of thought that goes nowhere' kind of flashback I guess. 

A bit meta, but I had to edit a lot in this comment because I forgot what your question was exactly. For some reason I thought it was about ADHD and test-taking. Sorry haha, but I guess this adds to the point I was making so I'm leaving it. Sorry if I haven't been helpful. Good luck with the project! You should have sounds, noises and thoughts start building on slowly but consistently until it turns into a clusterfuck of sounds. Or have the sounds play in a round and have the round play faster and faster until it turns into a clusterfuck. Also add some small snippet of research to the commercial before the slogan ( which I really like) If you really wanted to express on film like what ADHD feels like you'd do an an amazing opening, and then get distracted and leave it unfinished. 

Then in a mad panic the night before you would film yourself frantically cobbling together whatever you can to get a passing grade... You should try having someone talking to your ADHD'er and have them zone out thinking about something that loosely related to the topic at hand. Or try to include some examples of memory loss or just difficulty with memory. How about a section about the general disorganization that seems so common 