How is your memory recall? I feel like my memory is so bad I can’t say I’m passionate about anything that isn’t intuitive like art and design. 

I can’t recall facts, names, books or places so most of what I am passionate about is intuitive. 

Hit the nail on the head!!

I actually had a neuropsychologist run a full test on me and my verbal memory is perfect. But that’s the only thing!! What was interesting is that I was tested twice. One last year and one this year. Apparently my test results were rather inconsistent and I did extremely well at some things the first time terribly the next time. Apparently it’s a trait with ADHD.  Suuuuuuucks. As a software engineer, that makes interviews extremely difficult because I dont remember functions and statements off the top of my head, even though I know what to do.  I am super bad at recalling events and feel like I remember very little of my life growing up. And I'm not repressing anything, like I know I had it really good as a kid. It's embarrassing when my parents bring up something we did years ago and I don't even remember it happening.  I can give two perfect examples to relate: 

1. This is my own example. I can still remember every single dwarf from The Hobbit which my dad read to us for bed time stories as kids. It was one of my most beloved childhood memories. Can I tell you what time I went to bed last night? No clue. 

2. This one’s from my hairdresser. She told me about a time when she had a client who was an elderly lady come in and talk during her appointment about possibly taking a trip to Hawaii with her family. The woman didn’t come back after that for like 2 years. When she did come back though, my hairdresser said, “how was your trip to Hawaii??? Did you family have fun??” She had forgotten her coffee or something like that at home that morning. 

We have a deficiency in our “working memory” but long term memory isn’t usually effected. Intentional?  Non-existent

Situational?  Top tier (esp. with visual cues)

If the situation doesn't trigger the recall I am useless. My memory is very good - I have a lot of detailed childhood memories. I can't recall *anything* on cue though, only at some random moment. The worst :/

I can't remember names, faces, dates etc very well. It makes me seem so unintelligent at times, cause it seems like I don't know what I'm talking about, even though I do understand underlying structures really well. I just don't remember the exact names. 

At high school my Latin teacher thought I had cheated a test because I never scored high in his class but suddenly I had one of the highest scores. It's just that the previous tests always asked for names of grammar things and simple out-of-head word translations. This test however was about being able to interpret the meaning of a text with the help of a dictionary, and translating the grammar in the right way.

It seems like my memory works backwards compared to most people. Understanding how something works comes easily. Remembering the names of the components that make said things work takes so much effort and I still forget half of it. My memory recall is terrible! I can remember some things but I’m usually 15-20% wrong about whatever fact I’m trying to remember. I consistently forget a majority of my family’s birthdays and I have to write things down or it will be like they never happened. Thank god my mom has a memory like a steel trap and reminds me to do things or I would never get anything done.

Oddly enough though I’m a whiz at random trivia, I think it’s mostly just stuff that has interested or intrigued me over the years.

I think this is the most accurate image of my brain: https://i.pinimg.com/originals/4b/97/f6/4b97f6c4ff3cdded64f694a216b61489.jpg As my girlfriend leaves for work, she'll ask me to do something, I'll have forgotten ten seconds after she's gone.

On the other hand, I can recite Hamlet in Klingon from memory, so...

¯\\_(ツ)_/¯ This sounds super lame but, I wish on every 11:11, every eyelash, and every birthday that I had better memory. It's my biggest flaw and it's ruined me many times.

I forgot my boyfriend of 2 years parents names once. That was a horrible night.....😫 And during the fight, I would always forget what one of us said! 

It's so frustrating. Even writing it down now makes me want to cry. Makes me feel so stupid and hopeless.
 Can’t remember:
• names 
• faces 
• directions
• general words when speaking (I say “thingy” a lot) 
• appointments 
• things i need to buy like food I’ve run out of
• my keys 
• what someone has literally just said to me 
• plans I’ve made with people 

...to name a few...

Idk why I continuously make mental notes to do things even though I full well know I’ll forget about in two seconds  My memory is a strength of mine, however, I find myself forgetting things I just said 2 seconds ago or when I would just go to do it because I am distracted by something else.  It's frustrating.  I am always trying to do 100 things at once.  It’s getting progressively worse and I’m really starting to freak out. It used to be amazing but the last year or so it’s just been awful. I’m only 21 this should not be happening to me and I don’t know what to do about it.  It's weird. I can recall a shit ton of stuff. For example. A guy I go to lodge with hasn't been around for 4 years, and I remembered what he was wearing the last time I saw him. But my wife can tell me to do something and I'll forget it instantly. It's a mixed bag, sometimes useful and sometimes unfortunate. What I've learned is to repeat things said to me, write them down and if it's something I need to do, add it to my Wunderlist.  I can’t recall names (of people, location, movie and brands), dates, and Sometimes I cannot instantly recall even simplest words when I speak... oh man, that’s so frustrating... BUT I found one unhealthy solution, which somehow works for me... it is alcohol... I don’t know why but one-two glasses of wine for example helps me in recalling words and names (with names not always, but still better than without alcohol).  See I remeber tons of little details.

Big picture stuff? Remembering a process from start to finish? No way.

Remembering what my companies Q1 expense in internally developed software? I got you! It’s terrible unless I’m taking an exam I'm 30 and apart from a few major events I can barely remember anything from my teenage years and literally nothing from before that. Saying that I don't remember a lot from my 20s either.. so yeah, my memory is insanely bad in every sense of the word. Can't even read a sentence and say it back loud. For some reason I remember very early childhood memories such as staring at a tomato macaroni soup in kindergarten I remember things from when I was 3 years old with ease, I remember things people say to me from ages ago, and I remember things about video games I like. I am AMAZING at remembering song lyrics (a super helpful skill I know) I keep a to do list to help me remember things I need to get done. I do not remember people's names, birthdays beyond the month and early/late, I do not remember what I did the day before, and I do not remember how to do math or speak languages I've studied for years. I don't remember anyone's verbal instructions ever. I also find that the more stress I'm under the more my memory leaks. Like a computer or something, if you use my RAM for other things I run slower.  I once met the friends of a new love interest with her at a bar and it was incredibly fucking important to me to know their names immediately. I met four people and their names stuck like glue because I forced myself to repeat them in my head whenever I looked at someone for 30 minutes right after meeting them. 

I DID end up learning their names over the night and she was super impressed that I'd done that, and I felt awesome and caring and IT WAS SO HARD and the magnitude of effort of doing that took away from the bar experience for me.  Adderall has helped with focusing on reading books/learning, but memorization and information retention is still something I need to talk and work with my therapist about.

I can remember random specific details about something I read earlier in the week, but can't for the life of me remember the entire story. I'm sometimes able to piece all these fragmented details together and guestimate.  I have awful social memory in particular. I remember I used to go to some sports classes in middle school with some other girls, and they would spend their time waiting for the bus analysing every facet of some recent conversation. They remembered every reply that was spoken, every nuance and tone of voice that I wouldn't even notice in the moment. I was like, wow, that's a superpower.

Frequently people would bring up a conversation we had a while ago, and even tell me things that I told them, and I'm like, "fam, I can't remember *a thing* from all that". Most of these past bits of conversation actually sound new to me. Terrible! I only remember things I've done a thousand times so mostly useless data entry codes and every song I've ever heard more than once. I can recall some things super well, but I'm absolutely hopeless with anything that is not those things. 

Want some naval warfare history facts? Those will come to me, because I hyper focussed while learning them and continue to as I'm interested by them. Anything that doesn't keep me intensely engaged I forget.

To reiterate an early comment, I'm also a software engineer. I forget almost every single thing I learn once I walk into an interview or any situation when I actually need to knowledge. I'm always googling super simple stuff that I've done 100 times before as it just never sticks. Any memory focussed university papers I've had get consistently worse grades than practical ones for me. 

It's difficult not to beat yourself up over it honestly, but remembering that in many job situations googling an answer is fine does help slightly. Really bad. I can't retrieve anything from my memory when I am asked a question. Some instances are worse than others, but in general, I've found that I usually remember things when I encounter a provoking phrase, word, picture, etc. Memory is one of the most hellish aspects of my life and I often think of ways to aid my memory but my persistence and attentiveness is shit too. It’s terrible...? 

I was using this meditation app for a while that told me to recall the events of my day while winding down to go to sleep, and I could not do that. I have trouble playing back my day that way. Also don’t remember much from my childhood but that’s complicated a bit by my history of trauma (physical/verbal abuse as a kid). 

I do badly in history when it’s mostly remembering details but do very well when I have to remember associations between event/movements/people. So it really depends, but I need some mental engagement and freedom to make associations to remember well.  Yeah, mine is terrible. So terrible that I hurt people's feelings all of the time. I can't remember basic things my younger brother tells me and I can tell it frustrates him. I always apologize to him and tell him that it's not personal to him, that I am like this with everybody, but I can still tell it hurts him.  :( 

Here's an example:

&#x200B;

ME: Hey, what you up to?

HIM: I am watching **\*insert name of show he has been into for years\***

ME: Oh cool. What's that about?

HIM: I've told you this a million times. It's that show about **\*insert explanation of thing that I will once again forget very soon anyways"**

ME: Oh, right. I am sorry I forgot. That sounds like a cool show though! 

HIM: Yeah, you said that last time. 

ME: \*drowns in feelings of shame\*

&#x200B; Problem with names, faces, people, friend, formulas, knowledge, date, time

Only remember clustered fact with no timestamp. Affect my social life really bad. Will forget even the closest friends like they don't exist after few short years. Cause me a social anxiety when meeting new friend. Also caused me to almost failed all test that require me to remember many formulas. I can understand the concept so I can derive the formula everytime but that take a long time and make me unable to finish exam paper on time. My grade become really bad because examination put to much emphasis on memorization. 

 >I can’t recall facts, names, books or places so most of what I am passionate about is intuitive. 

Totally. Me too. I am terrible at specifics like that. It helps a little if it is something I am extremely interested in. It helps a little if I can tie details to concepts. Uncovering the underlying concepts and retaining them is super easy.

I lose arguments when speaking because I can't ever remember enough relevant facts and I always do worse when in any kind of confrontational setting.

My interests cater to my analytical, creative, mechanical, and diagnostic abilities. Engineering or troubleshooting and repair. And some are in-the-moment, skill activities. Amazing long term memory (luckily for me, my favorite game as a child was ravensburger's Memory) if/when you have kids I highly suggest having them play this as often as possible.

My short term memory is still awful though. I tried to look for ways to improve it but couldn't find anything good. Any suggestions? My memory is great overall, but it takes like a couple seconds more to recall things. 

I don't remember much of my childhood, though.  Really bad. Working on an Engineering degree. Makes it interesting. On bad days there's no way I'm remembering any of the formulas without a reference. Oh man, doesn’t it make you feel like an imposter? I remember getting full marks for an assessment way back in high school. Got to my HSC (end of high school certificate) and I forgot all of the dates, names and facts. Wait. That’s the whole thing.  Another software engineer here.

What sucks the most for me is when I am designing something and holding an entire model in my head, and then all of a sudden * poof *, it's gone. And then I have to dig through the hierarchy of classes again to rebuild the model in my head, and always have a moment of "I already fucking knew this. Why didn't I remember?".

So many times I have resorted to just making a class diagram of existing classes, just so I don't keep running into that issue, but it slows me down considerably. I'm an instructor at a coding boot camp and I'm constantly telling my students that the most important skill they'll learn as a developer is how to structure a Google query. I'm legitimately lobbying my company to make "how to google" an official part of the curriculum. You don't really need to purposefully memorize things, because as long as software development is a career that exists, we'll have search engines and forums to help us find solutions to our problems.

Of course, I don't mention that I'm **constantly** beating myself up for not remembering things myself, and I don't linger on the coding interviews that function like a separate universe unto themselves in terms of their relationship to actual day-to-day work. Figure that's not super helpful advice for them to hear while they're trying to focus on learning, lol.  I work with statistical software that uses syntax.  So different language, but similar concepts (I think?) to some of what you do.  I have one master syntax file called "Instructions" that I keep templates of everything on.  It's super long, but really well organized and annotated, so I can search for key words.

I can never ever remember the syntax for how to do x, but between the GUI (which lets me paste to the syntax) and my notes, I can always figure it out without too much problem.  Having everything in one document has saved me hours of "I know I did that once...was that for project A or project B?  Last year or the year before?" and trying to dig through the maze that is my department's shared drive's filing system to find the old syntax.

In your interviews, can you bring examples of work you've done on a flash drive?  It may be hard if your programs are proprietary, but even having hard copies (potentially partially redacted ones?) of your work might help you show potential employers what you are capable of without having to generate it on the spot.  I know nothing about software engineering though, so this might all sound ridiculous to someone with actual experience in your field. I would have a hard time with this too.

I feel like if you sit me down with a problem to solve in an interview I would handily demonstrate what I know. Exactly the same here. I can't even remember a single birthday for any of my relatives. Right there with you. My parents will tell me a story from when I was a kid and I'll be like, really? That happened?"
 I can remember numbers, passwords, commands, random strings of characters from years ago but I struggle to remember a conversation I had 30 seconds ago or if the conversation even existed outside of my head. 

It frustrates my wife a lot because I forget things that she seems important while perfectly recalling "meaningless" memories... Though it's not like I choose which parts to store on my hard drive rather than my RAM Hit the nail on the head!! I was thinking of a way to word this and you absolutely nailed it. lol love that picture  I was chuckling at Hamlet. Lost my shit at "in Klingon". Are you medicated? Oh man. It’s like I’m talking to myself. 

I was tested by a neuropsychologist and direction is directly related to complex visual memory! So that’s probably why you don’t do well with direction. It’s literally being able to map things out in your head! I can make art but I need visual cues! Maybe that’s why we're better in the moment :D me toi!!! I remember growing and onion in water to look at it’s roots LOL I get this. When I argue with my partner, I'm always pissed that she remembers the exact flow of our last argument on the same topic while I barely remember that we've talked about this *three times* already. 

I get lucky sometimes and an association will bring up my memories from last time and she's always shocked at my unusually cogent points. Sadly those are rare... Me too! Meditation helps for sure. 

Also there’s something called a Dual N Back test that’s been scientifically prove to to help your working memory. It’s super hard though and you have to do it every day.  I don't feel like one because I do know what I am doing. I have social anxiety so I go in there feeling heavily judged already so I'm always concerned that THEY think I'm an imposter because I can't remember everything. It doesn't help that I use several different languages and there's some cross pollination in my head.  I'm actually ok at remembering my brothers' birthdays since I finally put them in Google calendar. But I'm really bad at remembering how old they are. No I'm not. When I was as a child, it didn't go very well so I've been kinda anxious about starting again. Do you have the same issues? Has medication helped you? Ooh that’s interesting, I didn’t know if it was an ADHD thing or not because my mum is exactly the same i thought i inherited it from her. But I cannot remember how to get somewhere even if I’ve just walked there. I think I don’t pay attention to where I’m going so it doesn’t get stored in memory. And it seems like other people can imagine where landmarks are (like the ocean) and use that as a point of reference, but my brain doesn’t do that. Yep, cannot make a map in my head! Must be ADHD after all ... Are you able to navigate somewhere that you've been before, but not give directions to it?  Thanks, followed your advice and tried dual n back and I'm shocked at how crazy hard it is..

How my brain works: Hey look new information!! Cool! 
Did you want to remember it? LOL *Wipe mode activated*

I can 'maybe' focus on sound or placement for the first few rounds but not both and when I do remember both, I'm way too excited and forget everything else, including to listen to the new letters...

Aka my brain is an asshole and I really suck at this..

Here's hoping it gets easier. Gosh. I used to have this so bad in high school. I was so extremely paranoid people could hear my thoughts or I was saying them out loud without noticing. Social anxiety is THE WORST I'm not OP, but Adderall has been a noticeable difference (helps with boring/repetitive work things and makes movies/video games/fun things more enjoyable), but memorization/information retention is still something I'm working on with my therapist. 

This isn't meant to steer you away from medication, as it can help people in different ways. I still strongly suggest speaking with your doctor and trying to test a medication to see if it's right for you.  Vyvanse does clear up my head and ability to remember recent things.

There are several medication options...

There is no need to beat yourself up. It isn't your fault. Our brains don't work the same as that of others'. Doesn't mean we're bad or worthless! It did when I was a child, I'm 30 now and not been medicated since I was 15.  Nope. I can’t navigate or give directions. My boyfriend always says to me “But we’ve walked there 5 times before, *how* can’t you remember” I’m just like ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
 Yeah that’s the point. Your brain was never good at short term memory so it’s been compensating your whole life and hasn’t exercised it before. With enough practice you’ll definitely see some results.   