Today I got to the front door and realized I left my keys in my room. While grabbing them I found 2 other things I'd forgotten. Thought to myself, 'it kind of works out, if I wasn't forgetful I would have left without those things I needed' Just realized I literally can't imagine not being forgetful. Every time I go through a portal of any kind, I am compelled to count to four, because there are four important things in my pockets - keys, wallet, phone, inhaler.  I left my phone at youth group one too many times when I was 12, and my mom started making me do this whenever we left the house or she picked me up from school or anywhere.

&#x200B;

Now two decades have passed, and I will hold up a finger to shush my boss or the owner of our company if we walk out the office door together, so that I can count my four things.

&#x200B;

But anything not on that list?  oops, it gets left behind all the time. I couldn't even get myself to carry my badge consistently until I clipped it to my keys. I got really sad yesterday when I found leftover pizza in my car from three days ago, because not only did I miss out on pizza, but now my car stinks. It was on the passenger seat! How did I forget something on the seat right next to me?!!? I like to think I get an extra 10% Fitbit steps then normal people due to the fact I’m always running around like a headless chicken grabbed things I forgot  I have a bin right next to my door that I put everything in (especially keys) when I get home, for this exact reason.

I also put things I'll need next time I leave in the same bin. (This helps with the "if I see it I have to do it right then" principle as well) We bought a cabinet that mounts to the wall next to the front door (it's a shoe cabinet with a drawer on top, from IKEA)  When I come home my keys and wallet go in the cabinet along with my sunglasses.  Back when phones were only phones my phone went there too.  That way I never end up running around wondering where the f my keys are.

The cabinet is so valuable we bought another one for our vacation condo.
 I used to forget my keys/phone/wallet all the time. Like the previous posts do, I have a dedicated place for keys/wallet and I carry a messenger bag with me pretty much all the time. I put anything I need to take with me in the bag and also keep a battery pack and charging cables in the bag at all time. I also stop and touch my pockets and go over my checklist when I walk out of the house (keys, wallet, phone, my family’s love). I find that the more I can build habits and move these things to my lizard brain the better my life is. It’s super important to have a spot for your everyday things because habits work for us. Do I still forget things? Of course, but it’s the rare occasion (usually caused by me running late because I got too into reddit) and not a weekly occurrence. All the time.

One thing I've found helpful is having a wallet case for my phone, the kind with a sliding compartment on the back so it's not too bulky to fit in my pocket. Card compartment is big enough for credit card, state ID, and bus pass (which is luckily also my student ID, good for discounts) and then I keep $5-20 tucked between the case and phone. That way no matter what I forget I'll at least be able to buy things, prove who I am, and travel.

Another thing if I'm trying to remember to take something in the morning is I'll make a Google Keep checklist of what I need to take and then set it to do a GPS reminder for the end of my driveway. So it'll ping when I'm still close enough to turn back and grab whatever I missed.

Of course all this hinges on being able to remember your phone. I'm never far away from mine, though. I'm convinced my brain hides my keys from my awareness when I've forgotten something else. Whenever I can't find my keys now I immediately try and figure out what else I might have forgotten, and as soon as I figure that out I will guaranteed remember where my keys are immediately. It's freaky.
 Well if you weren’t forgetful you wouldn’t have forgotten those other two things lol When I first met my ADHD friend I'd notice she always left stuff at my house. Later I realized how bad a problem this was. Like thinking someone stole her phone or not being able to find her envelope of rent money. Whenever I hang out with her now I thoroughly check my car before she leaves. The funniest one was driving her home from a bar she said she forgot her backpack. She ran back in and came back to my car with a backpack, and then exclaimed, "Shit this isn't my backpack."  Put one of those over the door hooks on the door that you leave through, or a set of strong hooks in the wall next to the door. Then hang everything you need to not forget on the hooks. If you carry a bag or backpack you can attach your keys to the bag with a carabiner and anything else you need for the next day goes in the bag before bed. This is what I do and I swear it has saved me more than you’ll know. I even have a big sign next to the door that says MEDS so I remember to take them/give to the kids before we leave the house.  At least you remembered your keys beforehand. I've been sleeping on my stoop since Wednesday. Hey didn’t realise I had a twin My spaciness always works out for the better somehow!  Get a purse. Leave everything in it. I wish I'd done this when I left the bucket I needed to return to Walmart at my house... After driving 45 miles to Walmart. Try again next weekend I guess.  Story of my life. Awkward when someone thanks me for remembering something for them, like their birthday.... I was poking through Facebook, realized I want on there enough to see birthday reminders. So I went through them months ahead and created reminders for the people I'm closer with. It's something I've always missed causually. I forgot what I was looking for on Facebook to begin with; we can be sure I sure as hell didn't get that done Yup I’ve gone there Yup I’ve gone there I like the way you look at things lol I get tons of shit from my family and friends for having a "murse" but it's a godsend for me, every item has a pocket and my bag is always with me. Every time I stand up, I pat myself down. Every time  I have to make a special note to myself about cheddar cheese.  Did this twice - bought it and then left it on the counter when I got home!  Sigh...  So now I make a very specific note to myself using the calendar app on my phone. Appointment SATURDAY 3:30PM :  "Buy cheddar cheese and put it in the fridge".  I look back on my to calendar/to do list.  Did it!   (Of course I put my other groceries there too, but that's the only one that needs it's own note.) If something sits in one place for over about fifteen minutes it achieves invisibility. After that point it can sit, even if it's something important, until something changes about it, or something reminds me to look for it. I've been that way all my life.  I really like your use of the word portal in your comment.

That’s all :) Ha, my fiancé has adhd and every time we are about to leave the house I go “keys wallet phone?” And he pats his pockets to triple check. After a while he started saying it on his own before he leaves anywhere.  I have to do the “pocket tap” whenever I move from a stationary position. I check for my phone, keys, wallet, and gum. People always think I’m crazy, but I don’t forget any of those 4 items.  This is my method as well. Wish I would have thought of it long ago. Gave up trying to remember a list of things to remember, just remember the number. Oh hey look at this guy who remembers to charge his Fitbit on time to actually count his steps.  wait hold on, GPS reminders tied to keep!?! brb looking up docs Yeah WHAT? *FLAILS ARMS* this is my note/to do list app of choice so gps reminder would be GREAT Do you intentionally put your keys with things you need to take so that you don’t forget get to take them? Cause that’s what I do lol Haha, na at least one though We're all twins here friend. Sounds like your family and friends need to update their ideas of both gender roles and what helps with mental health! 💙 To you!  I get tons of shit for the opposite reason. I’m a 34 year old lady and I carry around a backpack instead of a purse. Everywhere.

My family razzes me about it when we go to a more formal event. But I have my special black backpack dammit and it goes with everything!

I need more space because there’s so many things for me to potentially forget that I have to have enough room to fit an extra of all those things.

Doing that and also having a little decorative basket sitting on the end table that is right at the front door when I walk (edit: in) has saved me lots of trouble! I always place my keys, wallet, sunglasses, and a lucky charm I carry around for shiny luck when playing Pokemon Go. It’s a ritual...I walk in and can’t talk to anyone greeting me until I take all those things out and put them in the basket. What’s also great is my family can leave stuff in there that they need me to take with me and they don’t even need to mention it.

Backpack and decorative entry basket, I love you. This sounds great! Do you remember where you got your murse (or the brand name)?  I use a big ass messenger bag from my cycling days.

If it's not in there, I won't be held responsible for not remembering it. I’ve just started using a backpack. I hate having to carry around any kind of bag :( Men in Asia regularly carry bags and "murse"s. I think it's stupid that men in America can't carry bags too. Consider a briefcase lol. Or start calling it a "satchel" RDR2 is out, now is your chance to grab a better connotation than Murse lololol I do this too. I also do it when I leave any building or vehicle. Also XD Oh my gosh!!  Me too!! It's annoying because this only happens to my things...however anybody else's clutter DRIVES ME NUTS!!!  :p 

It even applies to the metal detecting arches at airport security, which does me an anxiety because I'm usually missing a bunch of stuff when that happens. Fortunately I can still count it all when I remember putting it in the tray. remembering the number makes it so much easier, and it works for things besides my pocket stuff. It gives me the opportunity sit there for a few minutes and think of what I've missed, or rebuild my entire dependency tree on the spot if I can't. I keep the charger in the kitchen so I plug it in when I do dishes or have a shower   
It yells at me to charge it so that’s not the issue, it’s remembering to put it back on after that I mess up on :(  Yes. Many a night my keys sit in the fridge with my lunch for the next day.  I get into patterns where I have a spot for things and am meticulous about it, but my entropy tends toward something more chaotic. That being said, my keys are only ever in three places, and I still won't be able to find them until I've found the other thing I've forgotten. Eh, I am *well* beyond worrying about stuff like that. Hey! Not who you asked, but I always like to recommend Herschel Supply Co. to my more masculine friends, they make awesome quality bags of all shapes and sizes, including smaller side bags. :) I have a variety of them.  I have a small shoulder bag of random vintage (it used to hold a DVD player) that is perfect for holding an iPad, a keyboard, chargers, and related crap.   I use that most often.  I found a fanny pack on Amazon that is a "size XXL" that works well over the shoulder or across my waist, I take that traveling.  One bag I've had my eye on is the Pacsafe Metrosafe 200 but it's *damn* expensive (my wife has one) and I have a couple other bags I use as needed.

When someone comments on my variety of sackage, my response is "My addiction to bags of various sizes and shapes is well-documented and not up for discussion."

 When I'm on a plane or traveling somewhere I always take a backpack with a ton of pockets, the front two pockets carry my personal stuff.  My smaller bags get packed in my luggage until I reach my destination. Eh, I gave up on caring what people call it a long time ago. Call it whatever, just don't make me leave it behind. Oh yeah, me too.  Your mind. I like the way it works. 

I’m stealin’ the word portal and using it for myself!  I second Herschel Supply big time. I mentioned my constant use of a backpack in a comment earlier and that backpack is Herschel Supply brand. I’ve had it for almost 10 years and it’s still looking great! There stuff is super durable and very quality as the above commenter said! 