Today in ADHD Came here to ask a question, forgot what it was, remembered I was supposed to make a doctors appointment, went to their website to do that, all the appointments with my doctor are too far away so I gave up on that and will call tomorrow, came back here to see if I remembered my question and got stuck browsing. 

That was over an hour ago.

I still don't remember what I was going to ask.  Dude I’ve BEEN there. My advice is to write shit down whenever it pops into your head. You’ll leave yourself some funny quotes but you’ll remember what you need  I totally get it! A couple mornings ago my wife found a pair of my socks in the fridge. Oops. Hi, friend... You just reminded me I was supposed to make a doctors appointment last week and forgot til right now. Thanks. 


Let's see how many ways I get distracted on my way to find his phone number.  “Function in disaster.  Finish in style.”
-mentor of mine I thought this was normal, my whole life, until now Idk where you are in the world but if it’s the next day, don’t forget to call. I ended up without for 6 months for forgetting  Before I realized I have ADHD, I thought my extensive list- and note-making was a bad thing. It always made me mad to have notes cluttering around everywhere, but now I realize how much it helps me to be able to offload onto paper. A thought on paper=a thought I don’t need to try to hold on to.  Yeah. I collect any legal pads, post its, pens... anything I can get my hands on to scatter around so I remember to jot down ideas, lists and chores. It really works wonders. After losing several socks in the fridge, it is now a thing: I always leave socks in the fridge so that whenever I have no socks left, I always have a backup.

And it's fun to see the surprised faces of visitors who happen to look into the fridge :-)  The amount of times I've left milk in the cupboard and cereal in the fridge is saddening but also comical. My mom never even got mad because she found it so silly. You got it. 100% that’s what I do now  I've started carrying a notebook EVERYWHERE. when I get distracted I put it in my notebook "parking lot" and leave it there to look at later.  The amount of things I accidentally leave in the wrong places astounds me. I'm just lucky she finds it endearing. lol 