Any public health workers out there with ADHD? Hi everyone, I'm thinking about going into public health but I'm wondering if this line of work is good for someone with ADHD? I have a desk job now and I need something that suites my personality a little more...

Tell me your experiences!

Also nurses with ADHD, I'd love to hear from you. Sort of am in public health. Enough that I can comment. 

I: Hyperfocus on the stats; energetic with networking; need good admin support and direction. Start too many projects, learning to delegate.  I worked as a lab tech for years and I found that making a routine and writing down everything helped me. I had a routine of things to do when I first came in the lab and left so I wouldn’t forget them. Making lists of things I needed to do throughout the day saved my life. I would mark off what I had done and it helped me stay on task and focused. Or if something new came about, I’d write it down so I wouldn’t forget it. You can def work in Public Health with ADHD, you just have to adjust certain things and find out what works best for you.  I’m definitely thinking of doing community based public health work. I’m a little weird, I love spreadsheets and data, so that will be good for stats (I think) and I love connecting with people! Although I’m not good at networking because I don’t remember the people I meet. But I love to talk and do public speaking! Wait, are spreadsheets used in public health? I forgot to ask you guys: Is an associates in public health even worth it? What kind of jobs can you even get in the field with that level of education? Lists are great! I spend a lot of time making them at work, but even though I spend all that time, they save me so much more time! Do you find that pasta features at all in Italian cookery? Do bears sleep amongst the woods?

Yes. Much spreading of sheets. I spent today looking at not only spreadsheets but also graphs derived from same. At a conference. Unalloyed joy. 

Edit: spreadsheets beat having to remember stuff.  Oh hell yeah. Data for daaaaaays.

You could even make a spreadsheet to keep track of the people you meet networking. =) Hi there - I’m from UK so don’t know what associate grade means. But if you email or call up a head of dept for public health you could ask them. They’ll be glad to know you’re interested I bet.  