where do you work, how do you cope with adhd at your job?  Im an engineer for the Govt. I currently take adderall 10mg IR and therapy. :) ADHD is a battle agaisnt ourselves. I'm a materials scientist and I do some project management as well.  ADHD is my blessing and my curse.  It makes me insanely good at "big picture thinking" and seeing connections between superficially unrelated activities.  I'm good at finding solutions to problems.  It's also what paralyzes me when I feel overwhelmed, makes me lose important paperwork, and forget details.   I think it's kind of a wash in terms of benefits and detriments to my job. I'm a part-time admin. assistant for a municipality. I think the reason I've been able to keep my job (although I've made a ton of mistakes and called in sick a shitload of times) is because I work with unbelievably nice, laid back people and also because I'm pretty damn sure the entire office knows I have ADHD (I told one person and it's also HR, so I had to take a drug test when I got hired and turn in a copy of my prescription). There's also the fact that I didn't even interview for the position, which is just dumb luck for me since I'm terrible at interviews. I've been coping a lot better since I've been hired mainly due to therapy and Adderall. I was insanely anxious and depressed for at least the first year - crying if I forgot to stamp an envelope sort of deal. I try to take any opportunity I can to get up and walk (like taking the mail down to the mail room), and I think my boss is a tad oblivious to how fucking slow of a worker I am. I'm allowed quite a bit of freedom at my job and my boss is extremely forgiving when he does discover my mistakes.  I'm military so I try to use the structure to help me at work. Usually we have to put all of our appointments on the calendar so that our coworkers know where we're at if we're not in the office and someone comes looking for us. This really helps me not forget appointments because I can look on the calendar and see what I have going on that day or the next day or something. 

I also "flag" items in my email so that they show up as red until I complete them so that it's a little more difficult to accidentally forget to do something. -crap I just remembered I forgot to do something before i left today :(- obviously that system isn't full proof but it does cut down on emails I thought I got to but didn't because I'm certainly an email pack rat!  I work with digital media, dealing with data entry, xml, troubleshooting. I have to break my work into segments (unless I'm hyper focusing on a specific issue I'm trying to solve) and then come back to it to double check everything before I consider accurate and complete. I write out notes for all projects, or any issue that falls outside of the norm. I take Adderall, and wear earplugs because I'm stationed in one of the loudest areas of my office. My desk situation is terrible, but I like what I do.  I'm a grocery manager and I was having trouble keeping track of things, not losing important papers and getting projects started. As a result I stressed a lot about my next screw up at work. 
I then heard about the book "Getting Thing Done" by David Allen, on a great podcast called Manager Tools. (fantastic podcast for people who want to learn to be effective managers)
All I can say is that the system in the book, if followed correctly, is incredible. I no longer lose anything, I know what are my next actions for my projects, I know what I need to talk to people about and I don't forget things because I have them in a system so I don't have to tax my brain into remembering them. I'm triggered when I need to know/do something. 
I don't plug stuff like this normally but it has changed my life, in regards to my job. My stress level and anxiety, about work, has basically evaporated. 
It's extremely simple which is why it works. 
I got a copy at my local library. 


 That's true.  And, it's a battle that you can never truly win since the opponent is always there waiting for the right moment when you let your guard down to strike again.  You can't defeat ADHD, you can just manage to control it. That is that annoying buddy you have to live with for the rest of your life hehe... yes thats true. We can control it.  