Did any of you ever try to meditate regularly, and if you did/do, how did it help? I've been meditating every day for three months now. I see the most benefits when I meditate with mantras (especially ones that target my anxiety and insecurities).  I'm curious to know if others have tried it and if it helped. Couldn’t do, tried everyday for a year  Yes. I have been doing it for about 10 years now and it is by far the best thing I have every done for my ADHD and for myself in general. It helped with emotional regulation, concentration, not taking everything so damn personally, seeing more clearly what I need to do, self understanding, forgiveness and on and on and on.  Tried it for 2 weeks straight but after every meditation session I got headaches, I got moody and irritated and above that all extremely dizzy from it. Not my thing. Plus it feels very cringey doing it. Even tried one of those weird apps where some random meditation guy would tell you all sorts of things.  What exactly did you try? What told you you were failing at it? Thanks! Do you see an evolution in your focus from your beginnings? I don’t; every meditation feels like the first, i.e. I’m only mindful for one breath or two per session.  Yeah, that doesn’t sound like a positive experience. Who would want to cringe every day? I had a therapist that was trained in MBSR, eventually we concluded that it was just another stressor in my life  Oh yes. But the point is to come back to the breath. Staying with it is a bonus. So even if you are coming back even once that is a great triumph. That being said it is definitely a long term thing and it does get better.  Hahaha exactly. It wasn't a very pleasant experience. But hey, everyone their own thing :) HA! Yeah the old "relax dammit!" paradox. It can happen like that when meditation is framed as a thing you gotta do. Also MBSR trained therapists often don't have that much experience with it themselves as a regular practice. It is just another therapeutic technique they know that can help people. So they don't really have a great amount of flexibility in their approach.

I like to treat it more as a game or an exploration to see what happens when I try this or that.  If someone I was coaching in mindfulness came to me and said "hey, this whole meditation thing is stressing me out!" I would say "how interesting! how do you know exactly? Where is the stress? How big is it? Where are its edges? what is its duration? Find out everything about what stress is like and see what happens if anything." or maybe "Skip a session and see how that goes. See if the stress is directly linked to the idea of meditating" or "Sit down and don't meditate tomorrow morning." or "Pay attention to the non-stress in the session. What part of you is not stressed at all?" or "Try to really stress and then stop trying to really stress and see how that feels" or... who knows? There are so many options!

I also don't make it a point to do it everyday for x time at x time. If I forget or can't that day oh well. The mediation is for me, not me for the meditation.  Thank you! That’s inspiring. Out of curiosity, what are other good habits that you have that helped with your disorder?
 Hmmm... getting concrete about what was going on with individual problems really helped a lot. Even though so many issues (tidiness, paying bills, emotional regulation, getting up in the morning, food, exercise, studying, etc) are related to underlying ADHD, each one many many people have to deal with in some form or another and have studied it, tried different things and written about it. So I take the tools designed for these issues and use them as much as I can. Two of the most powerful I have found is the "5 Second rule" for beating procrastination, and GTD for organization. When I am doing both of those (and I get off and on a lot) I am fairly unbeatable. The self help section of the library and bookstore is your friend as is the internet.  Thank you! I’m getting better with many of those aspects of my life, too. I’m muuuuch more organized than I used to be, even though I still manage to forget appointments that are written down all over the place! 

What seems to help mw the most lately is going to bed/getting up at the same time every day, week days and weekends.  It’s weird how much more focus it gives me. Probably because it helps with keeping a routine! 

Meditation is my new commitment to a healthy lifestyle, and the next one is to quit drinking entirely (I don’t drink that much but I feel like it messes with my head). 