How do you not lose your credit card? Once again I lost my debit card and I'm just so frustrated (ending up finding it in a box of cookies five mins after I called the bank to cancel it) 

So I'm wondering if anyone has a fool proof technique to not lose debit cards or money/IDs/anything small and important. Keep it in your wallet and always put it straight back in. Whenever I dont I loose it. 

I know its a pretty direct and simple answer but its the best way. I always keep my wallet in the last pants/jacket I wore to not loose that hah.  My phone case is half wallet, my card stays there. If I ever lose my phone, I activate the gps tracking using FindMyPhone, can get the phone to beep really damn loudly if it's close and I find it again :)
 Important cards (credit cards I use regularly, commuter card, health insurance card - doubles as legal ID) go into a thin leather ID holder that I always keep in my right hand trouser pocket. When I don't have it there, very much like my wrist watch, I feel 'naked'. 

Less important cards (like other credit cards and ID cards) go into a slightly thicker but still thin leather ID holder - that I place in my left trouser pocket. 

I used to cram all my shit into a single leather wallet, but sticking in my rear trouser pocket was a bad idea for a number of reasons: security, contributing to poor sitting posture, made right butt cheek look bigger by a full 1.5 inches, and made me lazy about checking what I was actually keeping in it (it'd get stuffed with receipts etc).  

I guess the 'trick' would be to force yourself to stick to such a regimen for a week or more until you start to get uncomfortable when you notice its absence. As I indicated, I feel 'naked' without my wristwatch (which complicates matters if I switch to a non-waterproof one with a leather band as I'll inevitably forget to take it off when showering) ... however a friend has the opposite problem...wearing a wristwatch feels weird to him, and even won't wear it when he needs to ... like a 4-day expedition. 

 Like others are saying here, get a wallet if you don't have one.

That's step one.

Step two for me is to touch everything. I'll put it in my wallet and then give it a subtle tap to make a note to myself that it's there.

If I'm curious if I remembered, I open up my wallet and do the same thing.

Before I leave the house, I touch every pocket that is supposed to have something in it and I keep the same things in the same pockets. 

Something tactile like this helps me to not forget things like I used to. I scream very, very loudly whenever it is outside of my wallet as a way to remind myself to put it back in the wallet. Once it's safe in my wallet, I then started freaking out because it has to go in my backpack. 


Seriously though, I just make it very, very uncomfortable for myself for my credit card to be outside of my wallet and for my wallet to be outside of my backpack. Haven't lost it in almost 2 years. A bit of a different approach here. It will probably backfire someday, sigh, but uh... it hasn't backfired yet.

I do not have a wallet. I keep my debit card in one of two places: front right pocket, oriented horizontally, or a certain section of my back pack (which is big, bright-colored-with-distinctive-design, and much harder to lose than a wallet).

I used to have a wallet but it didn't really work. I'd put all sorts of random crap in it (business cards, gift cards, little metal trinkets I find, that sort of stuff). And it just psychologically didn't work - I couldn't get myself to treat it with the gravity that is demanded for something that must not be lost.

So how do I not lose the bare card? I've trained myself to compulsively feel for the raised bumps of the card number whenever I enter into or exit from a situation which requires it. I've found that tactile feedback, for whatever reason, plugs in really nicely to my brain. Plus, I have the number memorized, so I don't have to pull it out to make an online purchase. It's for stores only.

Same with my keys. I never close a car door or the door to my apartment without feeling the jagged metal on my keyring. I used to lock myself out every month or so, but haven't done it at all since I got myself in this habit. Yay!

So yeah. I've been thinking of getting a wallet just for my debit card, maybe combined with my driver's license... but then I'd want to get some sort of distinctive-feeling wallet and retrain myself with it. keep it behind your phone case
 I don't take my wallet out of my pants unless it's A. On my pc desk or B on the kitchen table. That's it though. I have a key rack attached by my bedroom window. I try to always unload my everything(License, glasses, keys, phone, etc) in to it and only there. It's greatly reduced the amount of lost items that I should carry everyday. I make a point to always but it back into my wallet because every single time i slip it in a pocket and tell myself I'll remember i always end up getting a heart attack until i find it. Same thing with ID's. I don't keep cash around anymore because i can't keep track of it, so i rely solely on my cards I do love my credit card. I'm on #34 and I've had it since I was about 15. That's about 1.54 cards lost per year.

I've gotten pretty used to it at this point. It's not a huge deal. I keep my credit cards in my wallet. I don't lose my wallet. I keep my phone in the right front pants pocket, wallet and keys in left front pants pocket. 

I was diagnosed with ADHD 8 years ago and there are all manner of things that I manage to misplace (most notably locking my keys in my car three times in the past two years), but the above strategy has never failed me. Have the same problem. I lose my debit card about 3-4 times a year. 

I know I should put it back in my wallet. But sometimes my pocket is Just easier.    *Always* put it back in your wallet. *Always*. No exceptions. Also, do the pocket check dance frequently to make sure you have everything. Put a piece of masking tape on it that says PUT IN WALLET.  And do it.  The tape helps when you are tempted to slide it into your jeans pocket or cookie box. Who cares if store clerks smirk?  Most places you run the card yourself anyway. This is the right answer. Everything has a place. My cards each go in a certain slot in my wallet, even, so I can tell if something isn't there.

Ditto with keys going into a bowl on the kitchen counter right by the back door. Along the same lines, in every pair of pants/shorts my wallet always goes in the back left pocket. It helps me if i leave it in my previous pants then i know exactly where to look. Saves me a lot of time. This. I always do the same. After I use it, I put it back to my wallet ASAP. Yeah I have no idea why I struggle so much to put it right back in after I swipe it. 

I try to make a conscious effort to remember to put it away when I hand it over but then the cashier usually says something and I totally just forget to put it back.  I like that idea a lot! I've seen a few people with them but never thought to add it to my phone. Gotta go buy one! You just made me remember that I have no clue where I took off my watch-_- but how long did it take you to stick to your routine?  Ahh that's smart. I hear the ADHD brain does better with touch than other approaches What if you lose your phone? That seems to be a really common thing. I guess you never have to pay for anything  Right, I guess we gotta learn ha Cards in the same order in the wallet, wallet goes in the same place every night, hope and pray that my wife doesn't use anything, since she never puts it in the same place. > Everything has a place.

This is it. The solution to everything that could get lost. It has a place, and that's where you put it. Every time.

Things go in the same pocket. Go in the same wallet. Go in the same purse. Go on the same table. Go in the same drawer. On and on.

The routine of it makes it muscle memory, and if anything still gets lost, it's probably not your fault anymore. Something else must've happened.  From now on, you gotta frame using your debit card as an "event". You gotta think about it as something that you have to take special precautions for. Come up with a phrase you say to yourself like, "Let's start the transaction" and always mumble that to yourself when it's time to pay. Then you can remember why you're saying that.

When I was younger, I kept leaving my card in the ATM and would drive off without it. I wrote, "DONT FORGET ME" on it in white out pen. Then every time I pulled out my card, I saw the words, "DONT FORGET ME" and made sure to hold on to it. Don't put your wallet back in your pocket or bag without checking that each card is on its place.  If it isn't,  stop and fix it.  It's the only way I've found.   A couple of other things that can help:

NEVER take your card out of your wallet: with paypass or paywave you don't have to remove your card. Some banks also let your withdraw money from ATMs using a code from your online banking app :)

Change/add accounts linked to your card: my atm card links to my savings but my credit card is linked to both my credit AND my savings. Depending which button (CHQ/SAV) I press on the machine depends which account I use. This is a great backup for lost bank cards xD unless you lose both -_-

I say you, I mean I just as strongly... 

 I can't recall ... I am guessing it had more to do with a new regimen that was forcibly imposed on me. Not prison. A very very 'corporate' job several years ago where I had to wear a suit & tie and also required me not just to get up early every morning but also a lot of travel. I ditched the Mr. Buttcheek wallet, and the new system I implemented right away. Laying it out in the same place, often before crashing at night, helped. Or, at least, if not laid out, then it would be in the trouser pockets from whatever I wore last. 

I guess it took two or three weeks until the habit set. 

As for the watch-wearing? Since high school. I used to run everyday, x-country ski in the winter, track in the summer etc... always something supposedly-rugged & durable. However whenever I changed watches, especially to something heavier and/or larger, it'd take a while until I got used to the new weight.... again about two weeks.  No. I use my card, put it back into my wallet, and wallet goes into butt pocket.  No, this is what I do too. I have a rule that I have to hold onto my CC until it goes back in my wallet and I have to hold onto my wallet until I put it in my purse.  I like that idea a lot. Has anyone said anything about the fact your card says don't forget me on it?? This. Every time I finish at an ATM or when paying for something I flick through my wallet to make sure everything's there.

The cash I just got from the ATM, is it in the wallet? Okay. Is the card I just used also in the wallet? Good. What about the other three cards that should be in there? Yes? Now I can walk away. Not before.  A few times. I just say, "That way I don't leave it here."

I've actually found it's helpful to write reminders on things for all kinds of stuff. Just make sure it's appropriate to write on what ever you need to remember. 
Also, alarms. Your phone has an alarm function. USE IT. I have to set an alarm for two minutes before my shift begins otherwise I forget it's time to clock in, and I clock in 1 or 2 minutes late. 