Struggling to think on Ritalin Is this an experience shared by many who have taken the drug for an extended period of time?

After taking a 6 day break from an instant release formulation, today I took 5mg at 8am and another 5mg at around noon.

However, it’s now rather difficult to form a coherent thought. I’m kind of dazed and grateful to be alone. 

Curiously, I benefitted from such a low dose for a few months but unfortunately the mental numbing was occurring with alarming regularity before my 6 day abstinence.

It’s difficult to fathom how the very same drug could initially have such a positive effect on my executive functioning, focus and well-being.

I don’t know if it’s a question of tolerance, underlying depression or something else. :( [deleted] Have you tried an extended-release version? It really makes a difference for me. Sometimes for IR meds, the ups and downs are worse on my brain than not being medicated at all. I'm bipolar in addition to adhd and I've been on every cocktail under the sun and I've found stimulants great at times and terrible at other times. It can make me manic which is bad news bears but not always. But when I'm depressed it doesn't help me one bit. It only amplifies my brain fog and confusion. My wife can say 'hey don't forget xyz today' and I will forget everything that came out of her mouth in five minutes. The crash is so much worse when depressed too. I've been feeling really down lately and I took some Adderall this morning to get some stuff done and about two hours in and I'm tapped out. I just want to lay down. Sometimes taking a break and switching to a different kind will help. But I've never been able to find something that works full time. I had a doc appointment last week that I wrote on the calender and I just forgot anyways. I didn't answer their calls and haven't rescheduled. I know I need to but I just don't. It's just so frustrating to feel like you literally can't call a Dr. How easy is that? I could do it right now but I probably won't. I'm just so tired. Sorry this probably doesn't help but yes you're not alone.  I'm  Elvanse and have been experiencing irregular patterns of mood swings and procrastination when I take Elvanse. Initially, it did not work at all until about 2 weeks into medication. I felt much like you did but then that suddenly changed and then it started to work. To prove cause and effect, I kept as many variables as possible constant from diet, sleep   to social interactions. The drug was indeed working but at an unpredictable rate.  Digestive enzymes helped with poor digestion which significantly alleviated the sudden slump of feeling depressed and spike in anxiety. 

The time I take Elvanse also plays a significant role in its efficacy. Early mornings are the most effective between 4 and 6. Anything past 7am and I feel nothing. The same goes for sleep quality. Sleeping too much can drastically turn the intended effects of my medication into my worst enemy. I literally feel like killing myself. My heart feels like it's about to come out of my chest.

Low blood sugar can fuck you up really bad when on medication. I get a brain fog so bad I could not find my way back home from work. There are many possible causes and thus many variables that need to be kept constant in order to maximize the benefits from ADHD medication. I felt that way the first few times I took Ritalin.

It was like my pre-meds brain was a pack of dogs, all running around every which way. Ritalin made the dogs stand still. And I didn't like that, because I was used to them zooming around everywhere.

It was only a little while later that I realized Ritalin had put harnesses on the dogs and hooked them to a sled. They were just standing there waiting, but as soon as I tried to do something like study and gave them all a direction to go in, suddenly my brain didn't feel slowed down any more...

If Ritalin is making you feel slowed down, try doing something, sometimes that totally shifts what Ritalin feels like.

Sleep is another important consideration here - Ritalin can make you feel like hell if you take it when you haven't had enough sleep. Unless I pay £345 to see a specialist or buy drugs illegally online, I can’t try anything else for ADHD. My GP cannot prescribe anything for the condition and won’t/can’t alter my dosage without conferring with the clinic whose cared I used to be under. A re-referral to the clinic can take well over a year. :(

I don’t know what to do. 

If I stop taking Ritalin, I will perhaps be emotionally more stable but I won’t get anything done and become too passive in life again.

But if I continue taking Ritalin, I worry that at least half of the time I will be extremely withdrawn and depersonalised. Thanks for your reply.

I’ve tried Elvanse and Concerta but neither seemed to be anywhere near as effective as instant release methylphenidate.

I might still be going through the throes of SSRI discontinuation syndrome (it’s been about eight weeks) but I felt more clear headed and relaxed during the 6 day abstinence from Ritalin.

I don’t know if it was merely a ‘honeymoon period’ but it used to still be effective the following morning after my last daily dose at 4pm.

Now, however, it seldom seems to work at all and actually worsens my ADHD by inducing more severe brain fog. On medication, I’m extremely ‘spacy’, irritable and sometimes have difficulties with speech formulation.

Unfortunately I can’t speak to a specialist about my difficulties as the clinic discharged me once they concluded (wrongly) that I was on an effective dose for my symptoms.

I’m also taking a low dose of Pregabalin for anxiety but I have been assured there’s no bad interaction between the two.

Perhaps my baseline dopamine levels are too low from long-term low mood/depression...? Thanks for your honest and thoughtful reply.

Your struggles sound quite similar to mine.

Hopefully you can find something that can produce consistent results on a continual basis. Thanks for your comment.

I usually get around 7-8 hours of sleep a night, yet Ritalin seems to either sedate or zombify me.

If it hadn’t been such a successful treatment for me in the past, I would have quit months ago.

I don’t know why but I no longer experience the ‘silencing effect’, where I can concentrate and not be distracted by immaterial background sounds. It’s extremely frustrating.
 [deleted] Thank you! 

I guess Focalin could be an option as I seem to respond better to the methylphenidate class of drugs. But merely having a discussion with someone who could make such a prescription change is far from straightforward. 