Tips for careless mistakes? I’m a psychology graduate student, and I also work in our clinic doing administrative type tasks. I’m constantly making careless mistakes with things like receipts, scheduling, etc. I feel like I’m really good with kids and therapy, but struggle with details of recording keeping. What tips do you have to help catch these mistakes before my supervisor?  Same here.  I think that is what makes us helpful to others ... trying out a way that will work .    Good luck
 I totally go through this every 3 months.  
I just got a email from my boss that if they have to correct my mistakes they will doc me $5 for each one.  

.... I am also a therapist that has to turn in paperwork for the state.   I am a massage therapist for severe disability 

The times don’t match.   I forgot to sign. And no crossing out.  Simple right?   Nope I don’t catch it when I go back over it.

My boss’s advice was lame as all get out.     Slow down and don’t fill them out when your tired.      Haha.  
I wish I had an solution for you and myself
The struggle is real. Make these other things a priority as well. They aren't as "fun" but you have to remember that you can really fuck up someone else's life with those mistakes. I'm not being dramatic. If I had an appointment with my psychologist (or so I thought), showed up but it wasn't on their schedule? That could create a mental health crisis for some people. Remember that people go in there for all kinds of reasons and your mistakes will add to their stress and could worsen their mental health. I say this so that you understand how important your job is. And that considering where you work, these types of mistakes have a bigger impact. This is no longer about you. This is about the patients. You owe it to them to get your shit together. If that means double checking every single thing you do, so be it. Personally, meditation really helps with mindfulness which is what you are lacking. People with ADHD don't want to do it because it isn't "fun" and stimulating. But if you meditate every day? You will make less mistakes over time because you will become more mindful of what you are doing. I don't expect you to follow this advice but here is free meditation resource: https://www.smilingmind.com.au I appreciate your comment! People always suggest to double check, which is great, but I don’t always catch it! It’s super frustrating. I am sure you are great with clients, which is the most important part! I just need my own personal assistant 😂 I definitely understand the severity of the matter and stay up worrying about it. There is the huge mental health side effect and people often take off work for appointments, so they could be losing money. Luckily, I have caught myself before having someone mistakenly come in or having someone not get a reminder call. I just feel bad bc I’m always double checking with clinicians.  I now have the clinicians  write down the appointment time instead of just telling me, so I don’t incorrectly hear it or forget and have to bother them. As far as receipts, I always give the client the correct receipt but have written it in the computer wrong (even after double checking). The main person leading this is super patient with me, but I know I need to do better. I appreciate your tip for meditation and will give it a try. I enjoy it when I make time to do it, but often forget with just phone reminder. I just set up an Alexa reminder.  Writing everything thing, documenting things, has been the key to my success. I never attributed the need to write things down because I was ADHD. I am a coder plus so much more. I have learned over the years that everyone should be writing things down. When I mentor new coders, they always resist documenting but it nearly always is a life-saver later on in their projects at work. I teach the philosophy of "Write it down as if you are talking to yourself a year from now." Because of this? Management actually loves that I'm the queen of documenting. They know that I have what they need - even six years later. And both technical and non-technical can understand it. I've never associated it as a weakness when I document. I put it on my resume as a strength. I didn't even know I had ADHD until 2-3 years ago. But have written things down for decades. Always was proud of the fact I did it. I personally don't trust someone who says they don't need to write it down. To me that just says that person has a misguided understanding of what writing it down says about a person. And is probably immature and hasn't grown up enough yet to realize it's smarter to write it down. To me it sounds like someone trying to inflate their ego to say they don't need to write it down. And I think "well, that's stupid. Then I wouldn't hire you." Truth is, a lot of coders don't document. Again, if I'm in the hiring position? Wouldn't hire them because I've seen the consequences of not doing so far too many times. 