What do you lose most often, besides your mind? What is it you hate yourself for misplacing constantly? Every day I wake up and lose something while looking for something else. Everyone around me thinks I am crazy. I even feel crazy, I feel like I need to video surveillance my own self just to find my stuff.  This causes invisible frustration around me. Keys and wallet - before I got the tile pads, now I find them on my phone.  Clothing. . . ALL THE THINGS! But really, my goddamned kids’ social security cards/birth certificates. Every time I need them I have no idea where I put them. Also important mail, bills, etc.  My hope I normally put all the things in the same place then is no usually for me to lose thing at home... but this post remember me that i lost the keys .-. and i was supposed to be seeking for it.

edit: i found it!!!! I used to lose my wallet or my keys all the time.Now I just throw them in the same pocket in my backpack every night or on the same shelf.
I’ve never been a messy person thankfully and keep my things organized and to minimum. When I'm walking my dog and I have a potty bag I leave it outside if I walk into a business, next to the dog. However I tend to forget it outside, frequently. I'm looking to partner up with some local businesses and one of them flat out refused on grounds of my poopy bags. I hate hate *hate* when my absent mindedness makes me look like a bad person. They said something like "how do you want us to work with someone disrespectful like that?" Well, I don't want to work with someone close minded like that! How can people not understand others can do things unintentionally? Happens to me a lot with relationships and social interactions. I forget something, I'm automatically a bad person. Screw that. I have ADHD and I sleepwalk. I lose stuff, then put it in truly bizarre places.  I lost my wedding ring at work last week... I have no idea how... my wife isn't even mad, but I feel horrible.  I can't find my jeans I was wearing last night! I strongly recommend getting a little safe to put your kids ssc's and birth certificates in! My mom had one when I was growing up, and always kept it under her bed. She never lost them, and I always knew where to find them! It's nice, she also keeps her bills and important mail in this box drawer she has next to her bed, I don't know how to explain it... But hopefully you know what I'm talking about! Haha, shes insanely organized, where as, I, lose everything and have all my stuff scattered everywhere. My girlfriend usually will find my stuff, and organize it for me without me knowing, which is nice. Without her, I wouldn't be able to find anything! upload all the important stuff to google drive and take it with you. Just need a free gmail account.  [https://accounts.google.com/SignUp?hl=en](https://accounts.google.com/SignUp?hl=en) I do that while I am awake. smh You get me! ❤ I lose pants so often... I enjoy going "*wheeere areeee myyyy paaaants??"* (from the LEGO movie anyone?) that usually snaps me out of the loop I just realized most of us are ADHD because our parents are super organized. Seem right to anyone? Also, that was a serious comment not being a smart ass.  Okay true! Haha, my mom is, my dad, isn't so much. He has adhd too, and there was a few days he didn't have his meds, and he lost SO much stuff. Other than him, you seem to be right! Haha, at least that's what I've noticed Ditto, Dad make mom take care of all organizing. Kids get ADHD. We might be on to something here.  I think we are! I give props to you for being that observant though, I never would've thought of that! 