Minimalism helped me a lot with ADHD I heard about it few months before getting official diagnosed, there are lot of useful lifestyle tips on blogs (mnmlist, becoming a minimalist, the minimalists).
Here's cool tips I tried and how it help me: 

1. Own less things. I decided to declutter my home and have a minimalist wardrobe (7 t-shirts, 4 jeans, 4 sweatshirts, 4 shirts, etc). Now, it's so easy to have a clean home, I lose less stuff. I don't buy things impulsively anymore and I don't feel overwhelmed when I have to choose what to wear.

2. Set limits. I always have lot of ideas for work, and I could never decide which idea to pick. Setting limits like a 800 words limit for a report helped me fight my perfectionist side. I chose the best idea not the perfect one (probably never exists haha). Surprisingly, I am even more creative, trying out new combinations I never thought about. 

3. Make choices. I used to have too many personal projects at the same time, without finishing them of course (ADHD thing I guess haha). I only do 3 projects at the same time max and I don't multi task anymore. I am much more focused and can now finish projects! 
I did the same thing with people, I like meeting new people a lot but had a hard time establishing long term friendship. So I decided to hang out with only the friends I really cared about, works so far :) I am also less stressed and enjoy more simple things.

TL;DR : Minimalism tips that helped me with ADHD = own less / set limits / make choices.     I'm trying so hard to be minimalist and to get rid of stuff but it's SO HARD.

Someone on here recommended "Organizing Solutions for People with ADHD" and so much of it makes sense. I'm just trying to do a bit at a time because I keep getting overwhelmed since I have so much to do. 

I'm happy to have an explanation and understanding of WHY I can't keep my apartment clean, but I'm working on it. Getting rid of stuff, and not feeling bad about it, will help. I just want to get my living area ok. I'll work on the clothes and stuff later.

Great idea on the "setting limits" too. Definitely agree. Having a capsule wardrobe has probably saved me days of bleary-eyed morning decision making.

And huge yes to CHOICES.  As a perfectionist procrastinator, I also have a bunch of random things going at once, often messy DIY projects. I used to start something, then spend weeks walking past the debris muttering "maybe tomorrow". I have a rule that if I see a halfway-done mess and I don't have concrete plans to start it again within 24 hours, I have to pack it away. Makes a big difference. 

Still working on the minimalist home though. Maybe it's growing up poor, but bare counters & surfaces make me so uncomfortable! Trying to pare down to just having my favourite things though, and not keeping dust-gathering knick knacks for their own sake. I didn't take it as far as minimalism, but I make sure I have room for all the stuff I own. Storage space is important, and keeping that organized is too. That way there's no clutter anywhere. No real need for minimalism imho, just get rid of stuff you don't have space for. I am a minimalist.  The problem is my wife is not lol. Somewhat related, I just started reading the Konmari-book after a recommendation on this sub =) Just getting rid of things feels so good, I agree that owning a lot can feel overwhelming, and that's not something I want my own home to make me feel. Today I'm gonna sort out and orgnazise papers, though... that'll be tough. 

I'll definitely take the "make choices" to heart, too. Thanks for this post! I'll try this, thanks for making me think about it  This sounds super helpful! 
&nbsp;

Now if only I could get myself motivated for the massive undertaking that is decluttering...  I've never been able to do the capsule wardrobe thing before, but getting pregnant has forced it on me!

All of a sudden, I'm buying clothes I know I'll only be wearing for the next 4 months, so I'm keeping it as minimal as I can. 3 t shirts, 3 long sleeve shirts and 3 tank tops, plus 2 pairs of maternity jeans and 2 pairs of leggings and any cardigans I had hanging around.  For me:

-we've got like, zero object permanence. I often explain it like we forget stuff is there if we can't see it. So I try to limit the stuff I have and focus on organization that displays it so I remember it exists. I forget clothing I love exists. And stationery or sticky notes I bought. One reason adhd ends up being a flavor of hoarding is that we will start project after project and just forget the others. And we can also have a dresser completely devoid of clothes, because clothing needs to be seen so we can decide if we want to use it. Seen it with closets, too. All the clothing comes out, and it never goes back in. So storage systems and clothing systems that are visual, I.e. hanging with room to look at them, or folded so you can see the type of tshirt, or for underwear/socks, open baskets to put them in. 

-pomodoro/15 minute work sections. Like even just saying I'll do this for X(short amount of time) and setting the timer helps. Because it doesn't feel overwhelming or like it'll never end. The other trick I've used is minimalist to-do lists, write three things to do immediately, the 4th thing is to write the next three things to do. And repeat. You can even combine the two.

I do own too much stuff though. When the energy seizes me sometime I need to comb through my room and fully put up/organize stuff proper.  One thing I remind myself (and it works) is that to do it like 1 min > not doing at all. 

Once I maintain a 1 minute habit I build up from there. I kinda cheated, it was much more easier to declutter your home when you are a college student :)  Growing up poor? That's why you'll take *pride* in your bare counters and surfaces - a mental tick of approval with 'look at all this lovely clear, useable surface that *I* earned!' 'Its standing ready at attention to be a workspace for food preparation/shopping sorting/administrivia or any suitable projects I wish to work on - just like the 'free time' clear space in my timetable!'

I hope this helps.- I'm currently wading through deconstructing the depression-mess from my years with neither diagnosis nor parents.

I wish you well, bucko!

Edit: a closing ', else it would not have compiled, with incorrect definitions and variables! > perfectionist procrastinator
&nbsp;

This is the perfect term. I couldn't wrap my head around how I am simultaneously a perfectionist *and* a procrastinator, but it now I'm realizing it's pretty common.  Well in minimalism, it's more about take only essentials items and then you won't need a lot of space.  Tell me about it... I'm not a minimalist (but aspire to be one day) and my SO's stuff is so cluttered, but he has like a phobia of me de-cluttering! It doesn't help that during one of my cleaning sprees one day I may have thrown away his passport by mistake :-/  That book helped me so much, even though I didn't finish it! The idea that when someone gives you a card/gift, the purpose of the gift is fulfilled as soon as they hand it over, because it's the generous gesture that matters, and the physical thing is just a symbol for it. 

But then it got weird and she said rolling up socks is cruel, and women shouldn't wear sweatpants at home - I was like biiiish you don't know me! Idk maybe it gets good again after that 😂 Once you start you can't stop throwing stuff haha! I had hyperfocus moments while doing it  Btw good luck with the future baby!  can you further explain this ? :->  I like that perspective! More "look at all this room for activities" and less "Where's all the stuff? Do we not have stuff? Did we have to sell it all?" 😭

But now I'm also trying to keep more indoor plants rather than just buying decorative things. Learning about interior decor also made me realize how much clear space can add to a look, even if that look is more Bohemian-industrial than the Scandi minimalist hotel vibe that's popular now.  Right, and I don't think that's necessary. Precisely! I've been feeling guilty about sorting out things people have given me, even if it's been years since I got it x)

My sock drawer looked really neat after I'd organized it like she suggested, but yeah, if anything I'm trying to get away from the notion that things have feelings, since that's what stopped me from organizing in the first place! xD Yeah, I reacted to that too, and that women should wear something feminine and elegant to sleep in, like what.  I laughed my ass off at the socks thing. Like, maybe if you wear expensive silk socks or something, but mine come in an 8 pack from Walmart. They get rolled up.

And you can pry my at home lazy clothes from my cold, dead hands. They spark joy, so they stay. Our brains dont understand 1) delayed gratification and 2) being persistant esp in new habits. So ">" is a symbol for me that as long as I did better than nothing at all, my brain register and pick up faster than say I insist myself to do 20 mins workout straight from 0 mins of workout. 


For example I am incredibly messy, and all of my stuff are stuff into my laptop bag once I want to go back home. Initially I set my target as "clean laptop bag" and "clean purse" but its too much for the lazy brain. So instead,I start wrapping wires. I do it sloppily,but I start the habit,sporadically. 



For me as long as I do it its a good habit,doesnt matter how much a mess I made. So my brain picked up the habit,and I went gradually to grasping how to wrap wires nicely to know how to comparmentalise to make a good choice in laptop bag.


TLDR is that to start the habit. Baby baby steps. So that we can pick up the good habit.
  For the clear space, I have indoor plants too! It changes everything  @_Classic_Rando_ @thehyperactivemind 
How often do you rotate your indoor plants out into some kind of suitable sun or growth promoting LED, and give them a shower, dilute fertiliser, fresh soil or wipe off their leaves? /Horticultural Concern Haha good question, I never actually rotate them because there is enough sun for them (windows and my bedroom) and I chose "easy" indoor plants (aloe verra, golden pathos and the mother-in-law's tongue). I just have to be sure they have enough water! Often forget lol Hmm.

On their behalf, try keeping an indoor watering can (a dainty spout, no doubt) somewhere chic, but visible. Perhaps on a stand, near (or one shelf below) a plant, so you can make your rounds once a week and give them 'personal spa' tier attention?

They may only need it once a month, but once a week keeps things looking...spruce...and means you can...nip problems in the bud.

Not that those plants get much wrong with them, but if you keep them looking good, they repay you in...spades!

It sounds like you have a beautiful set up - well done! 

I tried to keep a street foundling golden cane palm in a bathroom, but it was leaning for the window no matter how hard I coddled it, or where I put it - worked great for resurrecting it, though, but it needed to move out of the 'nursery' and frolic outside.

You've inspired me to give it another shot with more traditional indoor plants...although I'll still be looking for new species who like similar conditions. 