I forget to take my meds before leaving for work so I have to keep extras in my bag at all times. I don’t take my meds on the weekends so I usually have like 8 or so left over every month and I have to keep those on me at all times in case I forget to take them before leaving for work. This happens more than I’d like to admit. Sometimes I remember soon enough to go back home but today I didn’t realize until I was on the train, halfway to work. How does one forget to take medication that helps them remember??😅 Set an alarm at night, around the time you go to bed, and put it far enough from the bed so you have to stand up in order to turn it off. Then get you medicine along with a glass/bottle of water and put it next to your alarm clock. That way you can't miss your meds when you wake up. Another thing you could try is to put them next to your toothbrush, next to your bread, or something you use everyday.  Why not take them on the weekends? 
For me, that’s when I want them the most. I want to be fully present for Family time. I use an app called my therapy (there are other pill tracking apps) it has an alert pop up on my phone and if I clear it it still has a notification in the notifs bar, I used to use my phone's calendar but the notif would disappear after an hour so if I woke up late I'd forget ADHD (edit; and life in general) is all about finding out what works for you. You’ve found a strategy that enables you to compensate for the fact that you often forget to take your meds - and taking your meds with you isn’t the worst thing in the world! I’m prescribed IR adderall so when I get my script I separate out half the pills to keep in my backpack in case I need to take 10mg or whatever three or four hours into a shift.  I keep a few in those mental keychain nitro pill holders. I keep it attached to a zipper in my purse. I take both XR and IR just a few fit inside. This is my compensation strategy for everything. If I can’t find pens -I buy a ton and stick them everywhere. Forget pills - stuff a few in my purse. It’s not the best way to reduce clutter but pills, hairbrushes, pens and lipsticks are the top of my always need but can never find lists.  Its pretty easy for us I think. I've forgotten to go to the pharmacy for weeks after I've run out. I’m just getting back on to medication, but before when I took it I had a couple of pills stashed all over my world. Work locker, gym bag, car glove box, purse, nightstand. The problem with this is having enough legal containers with your prescription information on them. I keep my old pill bottles for this. You can get in a LOT of trouble having prescription medication in an unlabeled container. Especially ADHD meds because many are closely controlled substances and commonly abused. So take appropriate caution with your backup supply! Put the meds at your breakfast table if you can.  I actually think it’s okay to have a coping mechanism for the times things go wrong, but I agree on implementing some procedure to get you on track. I have some in my car (same policy as my stashed car cash, enough to function but not enough I would be devastated if it got stolen).  If your medicine is XR or CR, it probably should be taken with food (or it will absorb too fast).

I think a couple of nuts should do the trick.  I’ve always skipped weekends to fight drug resistance. And because I love my mind when I’m not making it fit into the nurotypical world! I have less things to do on the weekends so I feel like if I take them, I’m wasting them. It’s just my mom and I so I don’t have too much family time to be present on. I think im gonna start taking them on the weekends and dive into passion projects tho. Exactly. I feel like the different apps and reminders have more follow through and I’ll just fall off after time. Keeping some in my bag seems to work fine and I don’t have to do anything  Thats the worst. I got my script filled on Thursday and didn’t pick it up till Monday because I kept going out and getting home late.  I think that is fair.  I’ve considered having off days during the work week.  I personally haven’t felt like I lost my amazing brain, but I agree its different than before.  i prefer how my brain works through my awesome point of view when on meds.  I come up with more do-able, yet still ambitious plans.

I first came to my ADHD diagnosis based on how it was impacting my marriage and my art. The quality of my friendships. I later saw the impact to my job, but I’ve always been most motivated to be a better partner and father at home. 

Before meds: I love music, but never could learn theory.  I’d miss changes (from chorus to the bridge) at band practice, and would show up for shows having not practiced the BORING things that would have made the group better.  I also didn’t really understand the hard, technical parts of recording.  I could do things, but there were huge gaps in my technical skills. But on meds, I was able to make my recording gear an extension of my arms. 

Yoga was fucking impossible off meds.  Learning Spanish had been a life goal.  And on meds I’ve been able to do those things.  But most important, my marriage is far better. I take it later in the morning so it’s still in my system through our kids bedtime.  