I finally emailed financial aid!! Yay me!!!! I’ve been putting it off and forgetting about it since September!!! I woke up this morning and finally remembered to do it. I am so proud of myself. A little victory to kick off my Tuesday. Oh man, thanks for reminding me 😂 Thank you, your post reminded me to pay my bills! 🎉🎉 Congrats on getting something accomplished you’ve been putting off!! I wish I had some of the same motivation... lol. Good for you.  Congratulations!!! Keep it up. A big thing for me to remember things is to put a post it note with essential todos(emphasis on essential) on my phone. I put it under my case slightly so I have to lift it a bit and then pull it out. The note with my small list of 1-3 items that I have to do today is the first thing I read/see when I turn my alarm off. Well shit, I still haven't done it Congrats!, i struggled for a while remmembering to apply for DSA (disability student) in uk. Yay good job!!  Yeeees!! Seriously well done Never related more to a post in my life😂 Can I suggest you guys to use a note-keeping app? 

I also suffer from this forgetfulness, and using a note-keeping app made my mind a bit more clear since it handles the *remembering* part for me. I can even set reminders to schedule things.

I use Google Keep, but I have heard that OneNote is good as well. Some people are also using Evernote, which I don't know much about. I say try them all and decide which one works for you the best.

Sidenote: I still forget things on a regular basis. I sometimes even forget to note things down. So this is not a silver bullet, but I feel like it is better than nothing, especially for appointment stuff and note keeping.

Edit: Also, an auto-sync digital calender has been very useful for me. I set up all my devices to automatically sync with my google calendar. I suggest you try to do this as well. Nice. It's the little victories. Aaaaand my car's two months late. Good thing I have the money to pay it.  Go do something right now ;) That’s an interesting idea to put it slightly under your case! I write things down all the time and constantly lose my notes lol Thanks for your input, I’ll definitely check those apps out!  Same hahaha except don’t have the money so that makes putting off bills even worse.  I think I will! :)  I hope they will work out for you. 