I notice I talk too fast As per the title, when I get engrossed in what I am saying/the conversation, I rapid fire words. What have yall done to counter this? I feel you, I do the same. I think awareness can help, but I forget constantly haha. I don’t do shit to combat this. I just expect people to keep up. Like honestly, I already have to slow everything else about me down to do things the way they’re expected to be done in society... the least people can do is let me talk at the speed I wanna talk at.  Mudras, little ways to hold my fingers, it's basically like my "I'm thinking about this" technique, I just focus on my fingers and the urge to use my mouth lessens, and having passed the initial impulse it becomes bit easier to now listen and mull over what is being said, and what I want to say, and all that brings the vibe down lower and slower, which then let's me speak at a rhythm that is more consistent with the tone of the conversation.  

It's hard a lot at first, I have an overwhelming desire to always share the thoughts that pop up, but it can be rude, and the thoughts are not well expressed sometimes and so could stand to marinate a bit more.  Even with techniques to help the impulse to always share/blurt is still there, we just got to smile and wave bye to it essentially.  Makes you grateful for those like you or those who get you: i.e. where you can have moments where you just let the thoughts go go go What I've noticed is that my mouth can't keep up with my brain sometimes when I'm trying to explain something and I don't make any sense. My mind will go from A-Z while my mouth will be still stuck on B, and then I end up having holes in my explanation while my speech tries to catch up.

&#x200B;

edit - It just happened while typing this even. I missed some obvious grammar errors while typing the few sentences above. Yep, yep, yep! Part of it for me is that leaving a story unfinished is a "nails-on-a-chalkboard" moment for me. Also have to create context, then forget original point. Also, if I wait I totally forget the amazing thing I thought of.  Oh man, I do this too, especially when I'm nervous. I force myself to take deep breaths and try to stay calm. I've found saying something like "sorry, I talk fast when I'm excited, let me try again" is helpful and most people understand.  I do this a lot when I’m talking about something I really like (ex: a game or subject) I can handle speaking too fast, it's worse when the words fall out in the wrong order. Like: "Damn it's car in the hot"... Yeah Nah people listen to slow I have a couple tips!

1) lower your pitch, forcing your voice to come out from “the back” of the throat rather than the “front” of the face. Works best if your voice isn’t already very deep. It will deepen your voice, but it will make you more self aware and enunciate. 

2) I have a tendency to use my hands when speaking. If pay attention to my hands, and force my hands to move slowly, my talking speed seems to slow as well.

The 2nd tip helped me tons when I taught students, and the 1st tip helped my clinically diagnosed brother a lot.  Oh my god me too!  I was chatting with some buddies over xbox a couple nights ago and bouncing between two separate conversations before one of my friends goes “OH MY GOD you gotta slow down, man!”

Luckily, they’re great friends (I’ve known one since I was 10) but holy shit I felt like I was sinking into an abyss of shame.  They don’t make fun of me, not like fake friends, but ever since I quit weed my hyperactivity’s been off the charts and I can tell I’m a little too much. I talk fast and have a low voice. Sadly, I’ve only found people saying “What?” over and over is the only thing to get me to slow down a bit.  Haha! I talk way too slow and stop between my sentences when I'm trying to talk because I forget what I'm saying mid sentence. I don't have advice for talking too fast, but I try, when I'm talking too *much,* to try and pause to get input from the people/person I'm talking to. 'What's your thoughts on it?' 'What do you like/dislike about the topic', etc. Gives me a chance to regulate myself and them a chance to speak I talk faster than I think and faster than I can reasonably enunciate. 

Makes me sound like a fucking idiot.  me too. not sure yet how to fix it. same, it’s very embarrassing when u say something and some says “what?”  I never noticed this about myself until a teacher pointed it out to me. I will also tangent in the middle of something (sometimes multiple times) before bringing it all together.

It's really frustrating when I realize I am doing it. I try speaking like a motivational speaker or other public figure when noticing my speech gets too fast. This gives me something to focus on and actually helps me collect my thoughts as I speak. 
Plus people think you’re super educated 👍🏼 Hey man! Good tip: instead of using your energy on talking fast, use it on talking loud, powerfully and clearly! Also focus on your breathing while talking! It does wonders Usually i don't care and people just have to get used to it.

But sometimes when it's an important conversation i try to talk like a teacher would explain something very difficult to a child, or a doctor explaining a complicated surgery to a patient.

This makes me slow down automatically and it improves my articulation.

But it is exhausting as i feel like im talking in slowmotion the whole time. I decided a while back that everyone in my life was going to take me as I am.  If I talk too fast or too much, you can go away.  I’m fine with that.  Everyone I know and love has something irritating and annoying.  But I still want them in my life because there are many other things about them I enjoy. If I don’t have enough of those other things to make me worth your while, sorry bout ya.   Basically this, unless I'm in a context that really demands it. Nothing better than talking at lightspeed with another ADHDer. Oh I will have to try this  That's great, will try! Yup. I’ve always said my mouth can’t keep up with my brain.  everything about this is so relatable Yup I stumble over words all the time. I say aluminum the "al-lu-min-knee-um" way instead of the other way just so I don't stumble  Can you elaborate on this? Like do you try to copy a particular person or did you mean this in a general sense? I'm already loud xD Amen More in a general sense, but sometimes I’ll think of something I’ve watched or heard recently that was articulate and clear and try to replicate it.
If you watch a movie and are compelled by the main character/hero’s voice, try using their vocal inflections, their speaking patterns, ect.
This seems to help me... when I remember to do so lol  