Forgetful in dialogue. Any tips? So I'll be talking to someone and midsentence I forget what I was going to say. If something or someone drags my attention away from my train of thought, whatever I was planning to say just disappears. Whatever I was just talking about completely goes out the window as well. Basically, my short term memory sucks during conversation. Sometimes it all comes back, usually it doesn't. It's been happening more and more, and  I am getting frustrated with this!

It's helpful when I have someone to bounce off of, to ask them what I was just talking about so I can backtrack, but this still happens when I'm just talking to myself in silence. What do you do to jog your memory in these situations? Honestly, I just ask the person I was talking to what I just been talking about. They're usually fine with it and laugh it off. This happens to me. Especially at the end of the day. My SO is really good with reminding me what I saw saying and backtracking. Didn’t realize how nice that was until now. He’s so patient.  I've been wondering if I need to keep a notepad with me to keep me in track as I'm talking. Maybe I can write down key words and phrases that will help me get back on track when I lose focus. I'm the same when I'm not on meds. It's a boredom thing, maybe you just don't care enough about the conversation.  Yes. What others are saying. Just ask them to help you backtrack. 

If you're generally also struggling with socialising, like talking too much, get yourself into a habit of asking questions. Helps me, but I sometimes forget to ask Yep. It's great for things you should deal with later. I split up sections. One side is a todo list, the other is for notes and discussion. I just box off text, equations, whatever.

When visiting someone and time is important, I try to collect some prompts and give myself plenty of room for any explication or feedback.

Depends on the setting. At work and on projects, in academic settings and meetings, notes keep me on the ball.

If you like apps there are plenty of list things. Evernote and Google Keep are useful. Actually the opposite for me lol I'm more of a listener and tend to ask questions. I don't get much space to interject if the other person isn't one to ask questions. So in that regard, socializing is hard since people like to talk about themselves and thus tend to not find out who I am cause I'm not one to just jump the gun with conversations. I use Evernote and Keep each for what I think they're best at, but I think a notepad would me the best way for me to take small notes during conversation to keep me on track.

Anything that needs to stay with me once I stand up has to go into my phone before I lose it. I make it a point to store important information in a way that I can use search to find it on any of my devices. 