Today I did my laundry, went to the gym, did my grocery shopping, ate lunch out, came home and started my weekly meal prep, all before realising my shorts were on backwards. You win some, you lose some.  I’ve gone through half a day with my shirt inside out! Sounds like you’ve had a productive day, so yay! Today i got black out drunk before noon and slept for about 12 hours. Youre killin it  Are you sure it's not that your shorts were on right, but your head and shoes were on backwards? You may want to check what direction your elbows bend in, just to be sure.

Anyway... congratulations on the productive day! The whole pants (or trousers if you are British) on inside out happened to me while in like to collect my meds at the pharmacy. A kind gentleman tapped me on my shoulder to let me know. I just shrugged and said, well I am getting some meds to help with that.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B; Secret thing: I had a very similar day including a 5k run which I was feeling very pleased about. Until I felt a bulge in my leggings and realised I had a pair of knickers stuffed down them... I’ve left the house in my slippers before. The bright side was I was going to the mall, so I ruled that it was necessary to buy new shoes . At least you had them on! Good job 👌 I’ve gone to work in my slippers. You’re good. Sounds like my life. Congrats on getting so much done and feeling comfortable despite backwards clothing!  Sounds like it was a worthwhile tradeoff. Getting that much done in a day is an impressive feat! I did something similar by wearing a t-shirt backwards.  During the day I kept pulling at the neckline, thinking it felt weird but my mind was so busy with other thoughts that the question of why never broke through my hyper-focus.   The worst part was that it was a pocket-t and I had the pocket on my right shoulder.  I did something like this with my belt once. I put it on with the buckle on the side by my hip, not in front by my fly. Liked it enough that I never stopped. (except a few years where my gf thought it was weird) Got home and saw I had two different shoes on. It’ll catch on  Give yourself a pat on the back...or front... 
You're amazing! This sounds like 4 days of work for me, nice job.  thanks for the reminder to take the laundry out of the washing machine :P Reading the last part like:

[https://i.imgur.com/2O8vjfv.gifv](https://i.imgur.com/2O8vjfv.gifv)

\#TeamSpaceCadets lol I bought a pair of shoes with my fly completely down I’ve got a pair with a tag in front and in back, no idea why. They’ve got me more than once until I put my hands in the pockets. Then realize they have felt weird all day. I carried my hairbrush, in my hand, all the way to my first day of classes in college. Thats 6/7. Well done.  I’ve done this with leggings...more than once. Cheers to you though for a super productive day! Wearing matching socks is only for those people that like to waist time focusing on unimportant things,... Instead of worrying about matching my socks I prefer to focus on remembering if I let the dog back inside. r/YesyesyesyesNo  This is exactly my day today. Except I started late because I got distracted on reddit. Just waiting on my clothes to finish drying to hit the gym. I'll make sure I put my shorts on right because of you haha. I always find out my boxers are backwards when I have an exceptionally urgent need to urinate. Every single time.  That’s a productive ass day my friend! Keep on truckin.  You’re good. I went to work all day with my shirt inside out and my fly un zipped. Didn’t notice until I got back home lol.  Crying here 😂 Reminds me of the day I took my toddler to daycare, went to work, and then realized I only put **deodorant under one arm**.  “You win some, you lose some,” is going to be my motto! I love that.  And you posted this!!!! And replayed I never manage to do that Give yourself a pat on the back...or front... 
You're amazing! But did anyone else notice? 

If not, win.  How many things did you lose through out the day? Congratulations on a good day otherwise 😆🌸 My underwear were inside out all day! ... you forgot to tan! c'mon, it's GTL! that's where you went wrong. /s, btw, y'all. Fuck yeah. Way to go for Sunday. I forgot to put on boxer.... i realized it half way through grocery shopping this morning. :( Today someone had to tell me that my credit card was still in the chip reader for like the thousandth time. I am helpless to do anything but roll my eyes and sigh heartily. I had my shirt on backwards until 1 o'clock Friday  That’s a win in my book! Good job on the productivity! That sounds like a pretty good deal, if you ask me. Firstly, how did you have such a productive day? LOL  Well, fuck those shorts, you actually did all of those things! And give yourself a pat on the shoulder for acknowledging that. We tend to consume ourselves by that one thing that went wrong without acknowledging what we have accomplished.  You mostly won some! That’s all that matters  You got a lot accomplished. That’s awesome!

And backward shorts are fine. My (8 yo) daughter  gets to school with her skirt on the “right” way and returns home with her skirt on the “wrong” way. She’s wee and they fall off when she goes to the loo. She flips them around when she puts them back on. 

I couldn’t love her more.   In wore my collared shirt inside out the whole day not too long ago lol Got completely prepared for my final cross country conference, brought my banana, bar, water bottle, racing shorts, racing shirt, my cross country wind pants and windbreaker... but I forgot my running shoes. hahaha well irealized my underwear is on backward about 2 hours before i realized ive been wearing the same underwear for the past two days..nothing pretty around me so meh nothing to win, nothing to lose... One time I wore my pants backwards to school Backwards shorts? That's just details. Who cares? Lol You rocked it. My friends and family always ask if im okay if my shirt ISNT on inside out lol If you see someone with their shirt inside out.... Should you mention it to them?  This speaks to me. Why am I like this.  Most people take all night to get blackout drunk! That's efficiency, in my books. 

Jokes aside, you OK friendo?  Oh no... Don't give me another thing to have to keep track of! I’ve done this.  Ya never know when you need a spare. Planning ahead!  I too have done this with tshirts. I was also wondering why my pants weren't as comfortable sitting down to lunch. My butt was trapped in the much less roomy front side of the pants...  I wear breeches (riding pants) at work and wear my belt to the side everyday!  I bet you have another pair just like them.  Oh that's where my linen is...  “I like the draft”- me when someone says ExYZ Aahh the dreaded "HOW LONG HAS THAT BEEN OPEN" realisation. Always seems to happen to me after I've been speaking to someone at length. Like my boss...sigh. Cut the front tag off?  First impressions count! You were guaranteeing a neat appearance. That's just smart.  Can't prove he wasn't freeballin' Haha I gave up on matching socks on long time ago. Reason why all my socks are black, they all match! Pay wave is a life saver!  Right?! Idk! If I made it home and no one had said anything, I might believe no one had noticed. Some people are easily embarrassed. Me personally? PLEASE tell me! I’d feel silly and remind myself if that’s the worst I do, I’ll be ok. 

In a professional situation, I would say yes. We need to help each other do our best.  “Life” me too but usually with socks People had to check if my shoes fit right . They def looked up to down lol Feel dumb I never thought of that. Mine are all black and the same brand.  Personally, I feel if it is something that can be fixed quickly (i.e. stepping into the bathroom to flip shirt right side out) you mention it to the person so they don’t have to be embarrassed about their whole day. If they can’t easily fix it (i.e.  food stain on clothes), I just leave it. Chances are they already know and will just be frustrated that yet another person is mentioning it.  To be fair I've trained for years in troubleshooting, no worries.  Excellent advice! 