Friend’s comment really hurt me. Im a university student living in a house of 7. It is SO hard to be an adult and remember to do things when you have ADHD.

I forget to do basic things like wash my clothes, clean my room, I haven’t even applied for my local GP yet and its my second year of university because I keep forgetting.

I always forget to clean communal areas and we never had a rota so I literally forget all the time. One of my friends in the house sat everyone down and said we need to make a rota.

I said “That’s a great idea, I always forget to clean the kitchen and a rota would really help.”

She snapped at me and shouted: “You’ve forgotten everyday for 6 weeks don’t bullshit me.”

I said: “I swear I forget I don’t mean to.”

She shouted again and said: “You’re a fucking adult start acting like it.”

Its cut me a bit deep and I’ve been replaying it in my head over and over. I don’t want to forget everything, I literally can’t help it. It makes me so angry at myself and insecure and the fact that I’m making my friends because of it is really getting to me. I want to be able to function like a normal adult and I just don’t know how. 

I just really needed to rant, I can’t stop thinking about it and its pushing me to go back on medication because I feel so shit about it. Any advice? 

EDIT:

I think I didn’t word my post very well because I’m being attacked a lot and I don’t really understand why?

I did not mean I don’t think I’m doing anything wrong!! I know I’m doing something wrong and I want advice on how to help fix my mistakes.

I assumed that on an ADHD sub people would be more understanding and give me advice but instead people just keep saying I’m in the wrong.

I KNOW i know im in the wrong! how can i stop doing the wrong thing 🤦🏻‍♀️ Can Reddit for once not play a prosecutor? What’s the point of telling people what exactly is wrong with them? Who doesn’t know? 

I think you may consider getting on your meds not because you have insensitive roommates but because how exactly you can function in 7 people house and get work done? Your grades will suffer if you can’t concentrate. 

As for chores- get a post it, write down what you have to do. Stick it to a wall. You do it- you take it off.  Some People are jerks. Don’t let them get to you.  It goes both ways. Just because you have ADHD and tend to forget stuff whether its house maintenance or telling your roommates that u have adhd...doesn't mean its okay to not say anything (even tho you dont mean to forget). Not everyone believes in adhd, and not everyone understands ADHD. What YOU need to do is because you live with 7 other adults is to talk about YOUR specific struggles so that everyone understands your struggles and can HELP remind you to do your shared duties. Remember, you are living with 7 other adults. These are typical struggles you will face in the world of college and after college,  it's now about how you deal and resolve conflicts with others that will shape who you are and who you will become. Please, please dont think I'm trying to bash you.  ouch. if she knows you have adhd thats very insensitive of her. also whats a rota? That's not cool. I'm sure it's difficult to live with someone with adhd, but there's no excuse for yelling and cursing at you when you're just talking calmly to them. 

I know I would feel bad about it too, if I were you, but she was out of line. It's our responsibility to do what we can for our adhd, but we're not going to function the same as someone without it, and that's not something you should feel bad about. Routine helps you remember. Maybe offer to do something or somethings every day so that you won't forget and they can divide the rest? Like doing dishes every evening and putting out the trash every morning.  If it makes you feel any better, I live in a home with only one other person and we're setting up a chore chart because I struggle so much with keeping up with chores!

&#x200B;

I've been really bad at keeping up with the dishes, always, for my whole life. But once I got into the habit (probably a few months ago tbh) it did get a little easier because your brain honestly DOES get better at remembering things when you're doing them more often. You may never be as good at keeping up with stuff as your roommates are - hence my need for a rota/chore chart at age 28 - but I promise it will get easier. 

&#x200B;

Your friend was rude, btw, I'm sorry she said that. We all snap and say things we don't mean, but hopefully after seeing your efforts she will change her tune. Hang in there pal. nah no offence but she’s in the right. if you’ve lived somewhere for that long and never cleaned a communal area, get your shit together, make that your #1 priority because adhd or not that is really disrespectful to other people. People shouldn’t have to be cleaning up your mess, especially kitchen shit that can be disgusting. i get it can be hard but it kinda seems like you just want absolved of the responsibility because you have adhd, which again is just really unfair on the people you live with. if it’s been 6+ weeks and you KNOW you don’t clean your mess, consider confining things you do to your own room until you get a handle on it.  I mean, the obvious thing is to get the adhd under control. Medication and research strategies. Make your own Rota. Nothing stopping you making your own rota. "On Thursday I clean the bathroom".

As for the friendship. Have another chat now that you're both calm.

 * "I'm sorry for not doing my part, here is favor/gift/thank you card"
 * Her: "thank you"
 * "You hurt me with what you said"
 * her: sorry
 She sounds like a dick. I'd really recommend getting yourself a calendar, sticking it somewhere you won't miss it, writing what chore you'll do by when, then copying it into your phone with email reminders and multiple alerts.  And maybe tell your friend, hey, thanks for pointing out where I needed to improve. I'm taking XYZ steps to rectify things. 

&#x200B;

If you know you forget things, and you can't keep track of things in your head that means it is time to externalize the process. This is important not just for your living situation, but for school, work, and over all social relationships. You can't control forgetting but you can control how you cope with it. We live in an age of technology and you can externalize a lot of things you should remember. Phone alarms are your best friend. Strategically placed sticky notes are another friend. A calendar with all your obligations on it, same deal. 

&#x200B;

If you're in university, do you qualify for additional funding for disability related expenses? It might be time to look into getting an ADHD life coach so you can learn coping techniques to balance all of your obligations. Where I went to school there was provincially allocated funding just for that, and they'll help with more than just academic skills. There might be coaching available from your disability centre.

&#x200B;

At the end of the day people don't give a shit whether you have ADHD or not. Yes things are harder but they're not impossible. And since they're not impossible others can expect things like timely communal cleaning of us. 

&#x200B;

My roommates understand I'll often do my chore a day or two late, but I ultimately do them because of our chore chart and other reminders around the house. But at the end of the day ADHD is my cross to bear, not theirs. It's my problem to fix, not theirs. And it's shitty and unfair things are harder for me then they are for them ... but that's not their fault or their problem. Nobody should have to nag someone else - that's an unfair thing to put on another person. 

&#x200B;

Your roommate should have brought up that things weren't working sooner, but you also should have noticed things weren't working sooner as well. She didn't handle it well. She's clearly lost her temper in a way that isn't conducive to problem solving the issue and hurt your feelings. That wasn't ok. But I wouldn't bring that up until you've taken steps to solve the chore problem or she might feel you're making the issue about your feelings instead of the chores. That isn't fair to you, she shouldn't have lashed out like this, but you also want to keep this relationship going so you continue to live together right? Ok, but she's right, your ADHD isn't an excuse, it's an explanation; at a certain point you need to take steps to get this recurring issue under control. 

6 weeks of no chores, in a house of 7 other people? Yeah, you need to come up with your own solutions to try to remember. I mean, over those 6 weeks you never thought of putting up a rota? Or having an alarm on your phone to remind you? What about structuring your time to ensure you clean once a day?

I can understand how, after 6 weeks of her probably cleaning up after you, she is the one who has to suggest a rota? Like, why couldn't you come to that conclusion yourself?

You're an adult, you need to take responsibility for your actions, even if those actions were a consequence of something you can't control directly. 

 Thank you! I feel a bit attacked on this reddit. Im know I’m in the wrong and I’m trying to fix it thats why im here asking for help and people are just telling me to get a grip?

I thought at least people on this reddit would understand how hard it is to do basic tasks with ADHD but I felt like im being attacked by a middle aged woman who knows nothing about it haha. 

Thank you for the actual genuine advice :)  ironically i don’t know if she knows or not because i can’t remember if i told her 😂 im a mess. like a schedule so it changes who cleans it every week and its written on a board or something  To be fair, "forgetting to pull your weight 6 weeks in a row" sounds absolutely astounding to someone who is neurotypical, and even I would be absolutely pissed off if someone I lived with kept leaving messes in communal areas, and I have ADHD really bad—I NEED other people to pull their weight and cooperate. It's unacceptable when you share accommodation.

Nevertheless, I completely understand and relate to why OP is hurting. thank you thats great advice :) thank you so much! that’s made me feel loads better <3  Eh. OP wants to be more accountable and is excited by the idea of a schedule to help them do that. They’re not asking for an excuse, just empathy and advice. They clearly feel guilty about it, and that girl, while somewhat justified, also seems to be accusing OP of lying about forgetting or that the OP is letting them clean up for them on purpose. 

It’s a shitty situation and while the idea of confining your things to room is a good one, accusing them of trying to find absolution isn’t helpful.  this is great advice thank you so much! ill look into getting more help with this because i don’t want to be annoying and/or a mess! :) i relate so much lmaooo. and that sounds really helpful i wish i could have something like that but my mom just makes me wash all the dishes and clean the bathroom and my room by myself😂😂 impossible for me Talk to her one on one. Level with her. 

"I can't remember if I told you or not, in struggle with ADHD. I'm not trying to be an asshole when I support the rota. The rota really would help me remember. I'm working with my therapist and with meds to stay on top of my ADHD. It's not an excuse for dropping the ball as a housemate but I hope this helps explain how I've acted. Are there any other issues that have cropped up that, because of my ADHD, I may not be aware of? " its not that i leave messes i do clean any mess i make i just forget to do a big clean of the whole kitchen like the others do every week or so and i just forget. 

im not trying to be annoying i genuinely forget and i only remember when i see its been done :( i just said “it kinda seems like” they want absolution, based on what i read, i in no way fully accused them of it or had the intention of doing so so sorry if it came across that way, i just wanted to make a point that it could seem like that. I just think given that they said they remember to clean their own room, but never communal spaces, for 6+ weeks, is pretty selfish? Like i don’t think i’d be super nice and rational and not snap if i’d been cleaning up someone else’s mess for that long. plus they said in an other comment that they aren’t even sure of their roommate knows they have adhd, which, if they don’t know, would make one even less sensitive to cleaning up a grown adults mess. I’m not trying to make them feel shitty, but they asked for advice and unfortunately sometimes advice can be kinda harsh, and just from what i’ve read in this thread, my genuine advice would be to try and prioritise communal spaces rather than your own, and accept that while their feelings may be hurt by their roommate, their roommate really did have every right to be frustrated by the situation. I agree. You can’t just will yourself into being better, you need to have a strategy. OP had an idea of a strategy that might work for them.  i love this sub cause it makes me feel so much less alone. its a uni house so its not the same as chores at home haha! at home my mum will tell me what to do over and over if i forget until i do it this is so perfect thank you so much :) this is so perfect thank you so much :) I think OP understands and feels like shit about it. And you gave no advice but said that OP should feel like shit. Unless your advice was to stop having ADHD, in that case you did give one and "no offense but" it was a shitty advice.  pffft i didnt catch that but in that case i wish i was in uni! i didn’t give no advice. i specifically gave advice that said to prioritise communal spaces and try to be more respectful of roommates feelings, and to try and keep activities that create mess confined to your own space. That is literally all advice. And i never told OP to feel like shit? Like where did i say that lmao  The conflict is OP's inability to clean and how it made her feel bad. Your advice is to stop having the problem because you assume OP does not care and simply caring would solve it. Do you know what sub youre on? Everyone here struggles with everyday shit like this and wants to just be understood and feel heard by the only people who can possibly understand the struggles of ADHD.  I think the og comment has misunderstood what im saying i never said i consistent with cleaning my own room?

I said i forget ALL my responsibilities such as washing my clothes and vacuuming my room AS WELL AS cleaning the kitchen. 

I’m not trying to create excuses and I definitely never leave a mess behind me, I always clean my own shit up. Its just some people in the house do weekly cleans of the whole kitchen and that’s what I forget to do.

It’s not that I want to forget I just genuinely forget. It’s a bit strange to me that you don’t seem to understand how easy it is to forget basic tasks if you too suffer with ADHD.

I’m not trying to use it as an excuse I’m just feeling bad about having it and wanted some help making myself feel better that’s all.  Yes thats what I meant I just worded it badly. I was trying to explain that its not that it that you did not think it important but that you forgot. And that you were not making an excuse but wanted to be heard. I hope the rest of the post made you feel better because this particular thread was useless ego war between me and the other guy.

I am terrible at confrontation so if I was in this situation I would feel better that it is out of the way and I dont have to dread it in the future. 