US peeps, don't forget to vote!!  Voted on the weekend. thanks, early voting sites! thanks, ADD for helping me steer my way to the voting booth instead of doing whatever it was I was supposed to do :D There's a lot on the line in this election that directly affects us, including our access to care and how we are treated by society. Vote tomorrow! I just found out today that one of the candidates for Insurance Commissioner in my state thinks people with mental illness should pay more because it's not a "physical illness".... disgusting.  I flew to Texas to vote early. I tend to vote one way and recognize that Texas needs those votes more than California (where I own a home), so I've been careful to maintain my residence in Texas and keep my voter registration up in that state over the years. 

Please set an alarm and reminders to vote tomorrow if you haven't voted yet. If you have to work during voting hours there are government protected ways you can get out to vote- as in you're legally allowed to leave work to vote. If you don't have a ride Lyft and Uber are offering free rides tomorrow. If you don't know who to vote for and/or don't know much about your candidates (all of them matter!) check out Ontheissues.org and votesmart.org- politically neutral sites that provide candidate voting history and quotes to help ascertain where they stand on certain issues, and how those relate to you. On The Issues also links to a quiz you can take to figure out where you stand on those same issues and thus if you lean more to the right/left, so you can use that to figure out how candidates align with your values and views. Please just keep in mind that while we might have personal objections to certain issues, we should vote in the interest of the whole instead of the beliefs of the individual. Vote with the country's best interests at heart instead of just your own.

And if, for some god forsaken reason, you haven't ticked the 'register to vote' box every other time we have to fill out government forms (car registration, DL registration, etc) FUCKING REGISTER TO VOTE RIGHT NOW. These midterms are a big, BIG deal (right now there's no separation of powers, all branches are singularly controlled) but there will be another election next year, and the year after... Register to vote. People literally have died for your right to get out and vote, the least you can do is spend 10 minutes honoring their sacrifice.  I voted early to make sure I wouldn’t forget....since I completely spaced out on the last day to vote in the primaries, I wasn’t confident I’d remember this time either. I voted early! I did, however, accidentally take one of their pens. I realized pretty quick though (“Why am I holding this pen?”) and turned around to give it back.  I have a mail in ballot that I’ve forgotten to mail every day since I filled it out 2 weeks ago. I won’t forget to drop it off tomorrow though. It’s on my list! I remembered to: request my absentee ballot on time, fill it out before it was due (enough ahead of time to actually research), and to take it to the post office **and** mail it on time! 

I mailed it yesterday morning, the day it was due... But I still mailed it before the deadline! I'm so proud of myself lol 
 Story! While I was in high school, one of the local school board members stated that he wanted to get rid of the special education department because "those kids won't amount to anything anyway." 

Actually look to see who these people are that you're voting for. Voting at the local level can be very much more relevant to your everyday life than the national elections. Yeah so like last month I went to register to vote and I started it then looked at the rest, thought it was too much, decided I'd do it later, and I never completed it I voted on the second day of early in my state just so I wouldn’t forget. That’s something I’m not risking procrastinating about!

Edit: P.S. Go, Beto!!! Procrastinated switching my permanent address to the last second and didn’t realize I couldn’t switch it while being in another state (cause I’m temporarily in another state for work and won’t be home until after voting registration is over) and so I missed getting registered and will be unable to vote. ;( But you better believe when I go back to my permanent address state I’m switching my address for voter registration ASAP,  LESSON LEARNED!  Vent because no one in real life will listen and it’s 4am:

My state votes by mail. I realized my ballot was damaged today. Somehow it looks there isn’t even an option to obtain a fresh ballot on Election Day if something happens near the day of... I hope I’m wrong because this is screwed up...  Pretty sure I forgot to put postage on my absentee ballot when I mailed it last week -_- For those that haven't registered, a few states have same day registration, and 37 have online registration! (Not useful for this one, but you can register in time for the next election)

I got registered to vote before the first election after I moved states, and I'll admit it probably would have taken me longer if I wasn't able to register online.  Came here to post the same. Go vote!  ^I resemble this message  Well, you know who NOT to vote for. *rolls eyes* ...what exactly does that person think that the brain is made of? 

Incorporeal ether? Could I ask which state? Just curious the brain totally isn't a physical part of the body btw LUL [removed] Don't forget to mail your ballot! ;) 

I mailed mine yesterday even though I had it over a month. But I mailed it! Yay! Small victories! Amen! Some states have same-day registration. It might not be too late! Yeah so like when you go to renew your license which you have to do every 6 years or so in most states or else you're seriously fucked when you get pulled over tick the box that says 'register to vote'. If you have to register for any social services (medicaid, food stamps, pregnancy medicaid, CHIP, etc) then tick the box on those forms as they're getting filled out that say 'register to vote'. When you go in to do the annual car registration at your county tax assessor's office pop over to the voter registrar for 5 minutes and do the form. If you're on the fucking internet google 'register to vote' and google will geolocate you and provide sites (including your state's voter registration site) that allows you to actually register online without going anywhere at all, and since in order to even read this you're on the internet, do that.  SO ANNOYED ABOUT THIS. I live overseas, so I have to submit my overseas status, ask for a ballet, get sent the ballet, fill it out, and send it back. A RECIPE FROM HELL. 

Yeah, so I totally forgot. Oops? Not sure if your state offers this, but in Washington you’re able to print out a new ballot if yours gets damaged. Presumably you’ve already looked into this but just wanted to let you know in case it is an option where you are :) Well, in the US most dental issues aren't covered by insurance. 

Because your mouth and teeth aren't a part of your body and overall wellness in the US...  Kansas Well, at least ya voted.  Thanks for the reminder! I dropped it off at the elections office this afternoon. Woohoo! for voting! My state’s deadline is an entire month before the election... of course I forgot.  I am in Washington but it wasn’t just the ballot that was damaged. And no, nothing I read said there was that option to reprint. It was literally just “call the Elections center for a replacement. You may only get a replacement from the Elections center.” I think it depends on the county?

It turns out I can get everything in person though, so all is well and good. You cab still vote. They can't stop you. It will be a provisional ballot and may not be counted unless it is super close, but you can still vote.

Go.  Interesting! I’m glad it worked out! Lol what? How does that work It is an American right that you can vote. Registration is to 'prevent fraud' , not to say you can or can't vote (take that as you will: surpression? Fraud? It's a thing
 I say surpression methods but whatever. )

so if you show up and you are not in the system they will give you a provisional ballot: provisional as in on the provision they don't find you voted elsewhere.

Provisonal ballots are not counted until the very end; and so if the race is not close they don't bother to count them. (most places have laws that say provisional ballots are only counted if the race is within 1% or something)

So... You can still vote (and should. You never know how close it's going to be)

https://www.usa.gov/register-to-vote


You'll notice only 3 things on who - cant- vote and registration isn't one of them.

If they give you any trouble, demand a provisional ballot. They literally - cannot--deny you a vote if you are a US citizen and not a criminal (which is another can of Worms)  