Majorly Unfocused I have read a lot of material on this sub Reddit and I hear a lot of people talking about losing their keys or forgetting where they put things. Does anyone experience any symptoms of just being unfocused/inattentive? I never forget to get my keys or leave something where I don't know where it is at but when it comes to buckling down and focusing on important matters I just can't do it. My ability to focus, pay attention and even be interested in anything is pretty much 0. Is it possible to have ADHD without having the other symptoms like forgetfulness?   Just commenting to maybe see other responses, I've been wondering about this too. 

While I do sometimes forget where I put things and then have to look for them a long time it doesn't seem to happen so often that I'd call it a significant issue in my life. My main challenges are in focusing on important things, finding motivation and interest for activities that aren't the reward in and of themselves by being fun and intriguing and new for me. Paying attention in class is also tricky because my thought wanders off so easily and every little sound distracts me too. I personally have the same issues - I don't lose all that many things, but I really have a hard time focusing. That being said, it's worth reflecting on why this is the case. When I think about why I don't lose things, I realize that I'm constantly checking to see if I have everything - I subconscious pat my pocket and glance over my surroundings every time I get up or shift location. It might be that you've developed similar sorts of mechanisms that have allowed you to remedy the effects of being forgetful. Yeah, I think forgetfulness is a different matter to focus. When I was a kid I had a short term memory test and I was in like the 95th percentile and didn't really have trouble with focus until a lot later Dude, this sounds exactly like me. I check constantly to make sure things are where tapping my pockets to make sure everything is still in my pocket.  It's just sad that it's so hard for me to find medical help  in this day and age :/. Yea this is actually something the doctor asked me about when she was diagnosing me with adhd. Like do you have a system to not lose things like your keys and wallet (like checking for them or always leaving them in the same place). Because apparently people don't normally have to make a conscious effort to not lose these things. I never thought of it that way. I'm sorry you have to deal with that but at the same time I'm so glad I'm able to talk to someone who is experiencing the same thing. I was diagnosed with really bad ADHD as a kid and I have a extremely strong feeling that I still have it but my doctors around here don't treat adult ADHD. Its kind of saddening. Yea it honestly wasn't something I'd even thought about until she mentioned it. To me, I was just worried about not being able to sit at my desk all day at work. But learning about the rest of adhd and reading people's experiences here has helped me a lot. Both because I'm happy people understand and because I've found some good coping strategies talking to people on here. 

I'm sorry you're doctors aren't helping you. I know that's really frustrating. Do you take medication or go to therapy for your ADHD? If so does it help? If not what strategies do you use to help.  Yea I've been taking medication for the last six months and it's been helping a lot (although it took a little while to get the right one figured out). I'm taking adderall xr.

Besides that, working out everyday helps me a lot. Also writing everything down at work and frequently going through/referencing my to do list to stay on track. I use the calendar on my email at work to set reminders for meetings, appointments, and due dates. And I set alarms and reminders on my phone for appointments after work. Besides that, taking breaks when I need to to walk around and trying not to be too hard on myself. I just started doing mindfulness therapy too, which is supposed to help me practice focusing, but I haven't done it long enough to know if it's helping. I really need to find a doctor who takes ADHD seriously I really don't want to have to go to a psychiatrist for it. Right now I'm trying to be a teacher and I don't even know how I'm going to do it because there is so much studying involved and I can't bring myself to sit down for longer than 20 minutes and study. Are you in college? A lot of colleges have a counseling center or mental health center, so that might be a good place to start. Sadly not anymore. It wasn't until I started searching for work and studying for becoming a teacher that I realizing I'm still messed up in my brain. During college I kind of knew there was an issue because I wouldn't be able to focus worth anything but I was so busy I didn't really do anything about it. Yea working and keeping life organized is hard, college was easier for me then working because there was less to keep track of. Unfortunately, a lot of doctors don't like prescribing adhd meds (some will but I think it's more likely that they won't) so they like to send you to a psychiatrist for diagnosis and at least the first prescription. This isn't necessarily bad tho, they can help you. Yeah, at this point I'm actually welcoming to that idea. Stimulants are easily over abused because of their ability to be extremely addictive. I don't really have an addictive personality except for maybe playing video games, but that's more because its instant gratificaiton and calms my ADHD mind. 