Brothers and Sisters = I need help finding a way to exercise/lose weight that I will actually stick with! oops... should have been "-" not "="

(m)52, just got divorced after 27 years. Ugh. And I need to go from 240 to about 200 to start feeling more confident of myself as an individual and hopefully meet some new women. But of course, I've NEVER been able to stick with a regular exercise regimen for more than one or two weeks. I do know, as all of you do, that it's much easier to stick with things when they are new and interesting and fun. And they're certainly are interesting and fun ways of getting exercise. But, they are more limited in the winter months, and quite frankly it's been so long since I was regularly physically active, that my body has issues that are not easy to get around (bad knees, back, etcetera).
So, for now leaving the adventure sports ideas out of the discussion, who out there has found a way whether it was because it was fun or you just found some way to get disciplined, to actually regularly exercise?
Oh, and lastly, yes I know that if you exercise with someone else, you are more likely to stick with it. My problem there is that I've lived out in a rural area for 14 years and frankly, with the ADHD stuff not helping, I just really don't have any friends. No boohoo victim moment here, just saying that setting up a regular thing with someone else is not an easily done option.
Thanks in advance!  There are a few options:

\-Your could pay a personal trainer at gym to motivate you and help you work on your goals.

\-You could start doing little workouts each and every day, you could tell yourself "If I go to the bathroom I have to do 10 push-ups" or something that fits into your routine so you don't forget, I have exercise equipment throughout my home as reminders. If I walk into my room I have to do 10 pullups, If I sit on the couch I have to do 2 sets of 12 reps of curls, etc. I’ve learned this from my brother who is a gym rat. And he helped my dad go from 200 down to 175. In all honesty it’s s really radical change that you have to make and as someone who has adhd I understand that discipline is one of our worst attributes. 

Weight loss and being healthy as a whole is easily 90% diet and 10% working out. With this being said, the biggest change you will have to make is a radical diet change. I have not heard the explicit conversations between my brother and my dad, but since my dad is the one who cooks in the house I’ve noticed that for the most part we have cut out a lot of red meats. We still eat them, but not as often as we used to. About 2-3 times a month. We usually eat salmon w quinoa and he adds his own flare to eat to make it taste delicious. If you don’t know how to cook, you’re gunna have to learn ( if you don’t want to eat tasteless food ). Also keeping track of your caloric intake is key. This way you don’t over eat. 
Ik salmon and quinoa don’t have all the nutrients you need so the rest of your nutrients can be taken from some sort of supplement and vitamins etc. Making sure to cut most, if not all, processed foods is also a big change you must do. This includes sodas and what not. A good sub for sodas is seltzer water. My family used to drink tons of soda but we have since changed to seltzer and I really don’t miss it at all. Plus it has no calories. 

Now for working out. Really it’s not much that you have to do for this one. Just try to go run once a day. Also make sure not to use a sweat suit they’re actually really dangerous and don’t make you lose fat, they only make you lose water weight.  If you have anymore questions just pm me  I use the app LoseIt to track my calories.  Now, I am certainly not perfect, and have been able to track for the most part, went through days I did not track, but ultimately lost weight through it all.  I heard fitness pal
Is good too.  It really is all about mindful eating and not over eating, so the weight will come off.   As far as exercising, maybe a recumbent bike would be good, since your knees have problems?  Good luck! I think lifting really is a great way to get back in shape:

* You can build a pretty decent home gym on a low budget 
* You start seeing results very quickly
* You can normally work around old injuries
* It gives you a big boost in confidence
* It feels amazing being ['pumped up'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUXV3ANiFGA&app=desktop) after a workout
* Being strong is really useful 
* [ Muscular strength is inversely and independently associated with death from all causes and cancer in men, even after adjusting for cardiorespiratory fitness and other potential confounders.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2453303/) Can you gameify (is that a word) it? So maybe get one of those Fitbits or whatever and set targets for yourself to have to hit? My friend has one and it vibrates every so often to remind her to go for a walk or to do more steps or whatever. It might be easier if you’re logging things on an app if you’re in a remote area and it’s not easy to join a gym etc. 

I use the health app on my IPhone and try and hit 10k steps a day. 

I do also support the comment that says about diet. Look at what you’re putting into your body. Be good to yourself. 20 minutes exercise a day is good for your mental health as well as losing weight.  Soo. You being pretty solitary right now can be an asset.

First, I agree with what others said, that losing weight is way more about diet than about exercise.

So let's get to the easy part first: The gym can be nice, but lifting is a lot of numbers and repetition and we don't necessarily like that. I found it way easier to motivate myself if I do a sport I enjoy. For me it's boxing, which should also help with your back, for you it might be running or soccer (oh right, knees) or dancing (do you have social dances in your area?) or yoga (helps with the back!) or whatever. You're not too old to start, before you ask.

Diet is more important, and here's where your solitude comes into play. I hate sticking to regimen because of social activities revolving around food. If you don't have them, perfect.

The simplest way to get results seems to be counting calories, but it's tedious and requires discipline and is so not suited for us.

What I did ages ago was low carb. I didn't care how much I ate, as long as it had more protein (and/or fat) than carbs. I could snack but not on any sweets or what have you, but on my own stuff. I did that together with my ex partner and we cooked together, now I'm single and my roommate cooks well and I eat out a lot, so my discipline is gone.

What I'm doing now is /r/intermittentfasting. I simply have a 16 hour window in which I don't eat, full stop. I found this a) very effective and low effort, and b) a good exercise in impulsivity overall. I've just never been used to not act on the impulse of hunger, so on the side I'm training myself in something we're naturally bad at.

Oh, I also cut out alcohol. another shout-out to my siblings at /r/stopdrinking.

Good luck, I'm interested in what works for you and what doesn't, if you don't mind sharing. "what gets measured, gets managed"

I got a bathroom scale and step on it, wearing only a tshirt(for consistency), every time I go into the bathroom.  Put it somewhere visible so you remember. If you forget, it's NBD, just start doing it again.  I don't record any of it, because there is too much shame attached to gaps in the record where I forget. After I formed the habit, I was weighing myself half a dozen times per day. This gives me an overabundance of data, including about ephemeral weight gains from dehydration, salt(makes you retain water) and food in your digestive tract. If you're in there to pee, pay attention to the color. clear or near clear means that you are properly hydrated. My strategy was just to measure as accurately as possible and get a handle on as many variables as possible. Resist the temptation to alter your eating habits at this stage - you want to create a habit, not rearrange your life. Keep it very low key and don't think too hard about it, or you'll trigger the ADHD "overfocus", which will cause you to become fitness obsessed for a few weeks then drop it and never think about it again.

The other thing I started doing was forcing myself to get hungry once a day - I found that I was eating even when not hungry, but rather just because I like food or I'm stressed. I didn't stick to it 100%, but I keep trying. I describe it to myself as "practicing" hunger. 

Eventually these two things pushed me into eating a lot less, and also eating fewer carbs and sugar, and more protein and fat, because that results in me being content without lots of weight being added (even though I know that it's only food in my digestive tract, not actual fat...)

All this has resulted in me losing twenty pounds in a year. That's not aggressive weight loss, but it's weight loss with very little effort, and very ADHD friendly. Everyone is different and one person's ideal exercise is another's worst nightmare, but I recommend cycling. You can do it to varying levels, you can get really into the gear, training etc or you can just buy a second hand bike and ride to the shops. It gets you outside in all weather and it can be done solo or with others. Plus it increases your range and gives you an excuse to try new cafes or bars - cycle to them to earn your reward!

It's low impact too so great for those just getting back into regular exercise. Get Strava and you can add a bit of competitiveness and social to the mix. Thank you all for the responses!  If you have an office on a decently high floor level just make sure to always take the stairs. Run up them sometimes as well. You won't get ripped nor will it cause the weight to drop off you, but it will keep you at a decent baseline level of fitness that should help combat health issues down the road. I've started using my urge to fidget as a natural opportunity for exercise. If I'm standing around, I can do all sorts of leg exercises. March in place, do lunges, squats, leg lifts. Anything you feel like doing to get your legs moving.

At work I'm lucky enough to have a standing desk, so I can put my wrist rest on the edge for padding and do standing pushups to work my arms.

It's not much and it's only 2 areas really but it's still better than sitting all day. But also the change in diet for sure. 