Preventing a Meltdown Today I did something pretty dumb. I was at home from uni the last three days to work on writing my dissertation, the change of environment helps a lot. Because I was busy trying to focus on my work, my mum kindly did me a favour and picked up replacement coils for my e-cigarette while out (recently quit smoking and it really helps to puff on something as I  try to concentrate). I told her what to get, they didn't have the exact ones, she got what the shop assistant suggested.

Basically, there was no way of me knowing if the ones she got would work in my vape or not without me opening the packet (and thus voiding return-ability). I scoured online to no avail. They *looked* fine, but I had no way to be sure. I *could* open the packet, and the coil would either fit, or I'd have wasted £5.50. Or I could return it and try to live without it.

On a more impulsive day I would've just said 'fuck it', but not today. I wanted to use my vape *now*, but I also *really* didn't want to risk losing £5.50 unnecessarily (big deal huh?).

Indecision is probably my single biggest problem. And for some reason, I just could not make this choice. I got stuck in an endless thought loop which made me continually more aggravated, but still I just could *not* come to a decision. And in doing this I took out my frustration on my poor mum, whining and being a brat about it.

I'm 23 years old. I shouldn't be doing this. I haven't done this sort of thing in a while. But when I unfortunately do react like that, it's ALWAYS involving my family. It's probably some form of resorting to a deeply ingrained defense mechanism, also because I know my family can take it.

Thing is, I'm a very considerate and empathetic human being 95% of the time, but when something makes me sufficiently angry, for whatever reason, I say and do (mainly say) horrible and unnecessary things. I just don't give a fuck about anyone but myself in those moments. I become a total narcissist, and I don't give a shit.

Of course... when I do come down from it, I feel awful. I feel ashamed and full of regret. But I feel like in that moment, I can't help myself, I just act on impulse and feel completely entitled to act the way I do. *Can anyone relate to this feeling?*

P.S, the coil *did* work with my vape. I eventually buckled and just tried it, and what do you know. I reacted like I did all for nothing. Naturally I was very embarrassed and apologetic, so I went and bought my mum some flowers to try to make up for it. Of course, she was quite understanding about it, but I just so wish I had better control of my emotions and didn't have to fly off the handle in the first place. I think I need CBT or something, perhaps even DBT? I definitely don't have a PD but based on what I know it sounds like the latter therapy could potentially be more helpful in controlling emotions. Does anyone have any input or advice? How can I prevent this happening in future?

**TL;DR: got unreasonably angry at my loving mum over something very insignificant and proceeded to feel like a total shit afterwards. First time it's happened in a while, and I don't want it to happen again, so I'm looking for support and advice.** "Thing is, I'm a very considerate and empathetic human being 95% of the time, but when something makes me sufficiently angry, for whatever reason, I say and do (mainly say) horrible and unnecessary things. I just don't give a fuck about anyone but myself in those moments. I become a total narcissist, and I don't give a shit."

This is so true. I do this, and I did it yesterday ugh.

A therapist once told me that it was because I feel guilty for people having to put up with little annoyances/disappointments from me (like being late perpetually, forgetting commitments etc). This leads to fearing them leaving... so when I get annoyed the guilt from that makes me explode. She said it's a defense mechanism so that you feel "in control" of people being essentially sick of your shit and leaving, even when they love you no matter what you do. The guilt from that can also contribute.

It's a "trying to be in control when feeling out of control".

Not sure if this is true for you, but it hit home for me.

 whenever you feel like you're about to black out in rage or lash out at someone... get away. remove yourself.

say nothing and just walk.

i used to go to the forest or the ocean. both were close to my house.

go to the park or something. take 5. take a breather.

if you are in a meeting or face-to-face with someone you need to remain silent for *10 seconds*... that's it. just stay quiet and count to ten.

the urge to lash out will pass.

if you are on the phone just go silent or hang up immediately and then send them a txt saying the call got dropped or something.

one time i smashed my iphone into the ground because i got completely rage-frustrated and just blacked. nobody laughed. it wasn't funny. they were scared.

sometimes i still lose my cool, but things are better lately.

try my tips next time. good luck! be well. This might help:. 

  I watched a video from the channel "how to ADHD" yesterday and she talked about this sparkle space jar thingy. Basically just water glue and sparkles. Anyway it apparently is used to calm kids down to great effect. As I was watching this thing on the screen I could feel myself getting absorbed. It worked so well I decided I am going to order one.  

   Not exactly something you can practice everywhere, but it might be handy if you feel yourself slipping and are alone.   

  You can go get your bottle and shake it and feel better because, well there ARE so many flakes of color in there and look, they go this way and that and............ How long has it been? You get the idea. Good luck friend! If it makes you feel any better I kind of had one of these with my boyfriend about two weeks ago and I'm 32. I have a really shitty memory (he has nicknamed me Dory and he probably isn't far off). He is always reminding me of shit I should be doing. He means well but it just gets annoying to me after a while. Well last year he harped really hard on me about filing my taxes. It was to the point it was nagging really combined with "the IRS says by this date..." It wasn't because he wanted money or anything like that it was actually because I had some outstanding bills and could use the tax money to pay them down before they get even worse. It was already almost May. I didn't end up doing much of that either really and regretfully bought stupid shit instead. Hey I was really into those tsum tsum things at the time (don't ask). Some of them got paid down a little but nowhere near what I should have done. 

Well that being said I got a tax document in the mail that morning. He casually pointed it out to me sitting on the table and I totally lost my shit on him right then and there. I was screaming like an angry child "Don't you do that shit to me again this year! I'm a grown ass woman and you are treating me like a child! I can file my own shit without your nagging ass on my back! Get off my case already!" It wasn't pretty and it was in front of the kids. He didn't take it well. We spent 20 minutes arguing and he really laid into me about talking like that to him in front of the kids (after he sent them away outside to play). Then he left for several hours to cool down while I brooded angrily on the couch. Now I feel like an ass. He wasn't even trying to say I need to file yet. Just that one had come in.  I'm in an engineering school and they make us take 8 classes a semester. I'm losing my mind and am alienating myself from my peers due to my inability to keep my shit together. I didn't think having these meltdowns was an ADHD problem until I was researching it today. It's great to know thst is a side effect of my disorder. Problem is I have absolutely no idea how to prevent it. I don't smoke pot or drink anymore, so I'm at a complete loss now... Cheers buddy. Goodluck with your schooling, don't give up. I'm not going to let myself defeat myself. I made a promise that I wouldn't.  Yep. I've got similar stories from my therapist about me pushing people away. I have "Mommy" and "Daddy issues." I've had more than one therapist say I push people away and avoid making friends because I figure they will just leave or disappoint me anyways so I feel more in charge of my life by making it happen on my terms. 

I pretty much raised myself. My dad ran off when I was 3 months old and my mom spent most my life in jail, getting high or rehab. My grandparents raised me but my grandpa was an alcoholic who was drunk before noon everyday and my grandma got diagnosed with cancer when I was 10. She was in the hospital for months at a time leaving me alone with my drunk grandpa to watch me. I was an only child so I didn't even have a sibling to confide in. If I didn't make it happen it just didn't happen growing up. That being said I can be a real "control freak" at times and I'm absurdly independent. I have a hard time asking for help because it wasn't something I grew up with a lot of. Some people get jealous that I didn't really have any rules growing up but they don't see that there wasn't any structure either. All the structure I had was what I made so as a result I can be controlling at times and like to push people away when they don't fit in my "perfect little box."   

I think that may be a source of my "great organizational skills" despite the fact I'm pretty sure I have adult ADHD. I was told I had it when I was a kid and I have that diagnosis which I'm taking to an appointment later this month. 

That being said I'm lonely, fall into depression often, and I have an incredibly hard time asking for help when I should. I have trouble prioritizing things and a terrible memory. My boyfriend tries to make sure I get things done but I forget a lot and procrastinate even more so. I get distracted and space out a lot. I like to make multiple copies of things because I know I'm going to lose them more than once. I can think outside the box and e mail shit to myself so when I forget it I can still access a copy. I'm pretty functional but I always feel like I have to take a bunch of extra steps to do things other people do with ease. I take a lot of notes and then I lose those notes. I have people text me things because I won't remember and if I write it down I'll lose probably the paper or forget to look at it.  I clamp my teeth together very tightly and refuse to say one word until the feelings have passed. I also rremove myself physical from the area. Not OP but I've tried doing this. Some people support it, but a few family members think that walking away is unacceptable and a few friends get super offended even after I explain 'would you rather the alternative?' x3 I saw that video. It didn't sound like something I would like to do but it would probably work good for my kids.

 Usually if I get angry I walk away. A few times I've stormed out the door and peeled out of the parking spot driving like an idiot. I'll drive around a bit or find a quiet place to sit down for a while. There is a park not too far from my house that I have spent several hours many times sitting in at night to calm myself down. Back home growing up it was always the beach but that's too far away from me now. Sometimes going for a walk blasting my headphones with angry loud music works too.  She has a ton of great ideas. Came here to mention her video on it. We have impulse control issues, and "learning to make your brakes better" is a great way to put it.  I have been reading about adaptive thinking. Basically just learn to live in the grey zone instead of black /white. It was originally to help me with school stress but has had a huge bleed over effect in other ways. I notice myself not going to so many extremes, behavior, moods, eating, drinking, etc. Now I even notice when other people are talking if they tend to go to extremes they sound rather ridiculous and negative. Basically I learned to cope with ambiguity and it helped me cope with a bunch of stuff and not be so perfectionistic. Running a mental adaptability program to evolve my coping behaviors. So much of this hit home for me. I'm sorry for your loss and struggle and praise your accomplishments m'dear :) I think it's worth mentioning that I use it for anxiety not outbursts. I find it startlingly easy to focus on. She really is great. We need more people putting themselves out there, spreading what ADHD is really like; and how to cope with it. But SHE is fantastic.   And pretty so 2 for 2 Maybe. I have a bunch of fidget type items in a box next to where I do my homework. They work for both anxiety and helping me stay in the seat while doing my college work.  