Got diagnosed Diagnosed with 9/9 inattentive and 8/9 hyperactive.

Freaking out a lot.

Had an ecg today and a urine test,blood test tomorrow then hes saying ritalin or dex.

Im worried i will lose weight and look like a meth junkie.
I dont eat a great deal as is.

What can I do to eat healthy?

What can i expect from these meds and will i be coming down and getting snappy of a late afternoon? 

Also im a bit angry that my mother didnt handle this when i was a kid.

45 years old. Feel like im a waste.  I was actually purposely losing weight when I began medication, and was actively tracking my calorie intake every day.


When I started stimulants it started to get difficult for me to hit the minimum calorie requirement because the meds suppressed my appetite.  So, I started drinking protein shakes with meals to up my calories (you can add peanut butter, powdered oats, and some fruit to up the calories).  Honestly, for me, this is the easiest way to get the extra calories I need in.  I’m really happy I was already logging all my food prior to starting medication because it was really helpful to see how many calories I was taking in... because sometimes I just forget to eat... often...


So it might be helpful for you to start tracking, and aim to reach your maintenance calories so you don’t lose any weight.  With stimulants, it’s really easy to just not eat or be too focused and forget to eat.  I understand your concern with unwanted weight loss.

And for your other questions, honestly everyone is different.  I don’t really feel a “come down” from my meds, it’s kind of a “oh, they wore off” recognition. I definitely feel them starting to work though, since my heart rate jumps. Ritalin has less of the effect than dexamfetamine. Appetite loss and insomnia are some of the most common side effects with both medications.

You will need to force yourself to eat. You should still be able to eat, just your "I'm hungry!" notifier from your brain won't work as well.

No way to tell whether you will experience this effect, or which will have this effect for you. These work differently on everyone. The first few weeks are usually the worst for side effects. They very commonly settle as you continue taking a set dose. Thank you for replying.

I will look into the protein shakes.

I just dont want to lose weight fast and look haggard.

I can afford to lose a couple of kilos yeh,but dont want to drop too many too fast especially at my age and as a woman it can age you really fast.

Im kind of in a shame/grief stage right now.

Trying to accept it for what it is and hoping it helps me help myself but looking back at my life i see so much unecessary debris it makes me angry/sad.  Above person pretty much got it right on the head. DON'T FORGET TO EAT/FORCE YOURSELF IF YOU HAVE TO. I understand how you’re feeling.  I was diagnosed at 22, and my parents avoided diagnosis as a child.  I think about a lot how much I could have improved/changed if I was diagnosed and medicated earlier.  I felt stupid, and like I had ruined some of my chances academically and socially.


Be kind to yourself.  No matter what age you’re at, it’s never too late to make a positive change. Knowing I have ADHD has made me understand myself so much better, and medication has helped me tremendously.  I thought it would just help me academically, but honestly, I see most of its benefits outside of the classroom.  I have a clearer, and more organized mind, I understand my emotions a little better, I can formulate my thoughts into sentences better, and I stay calm and less anxious.  

It seriously gets better.  I try to think “I’m so proud, and happy I am here now” rather than “I wonder where I would of been if I had this all along”. Me at the end of the day after focusing heavily on things:  

“Oh boy I’m a little light headed, what did I eat today..... oh, nothing. I ate nothing”

The problem is **real** Thank you
That is really good advice and i will make space for that in the upcoming weeks. 