My parents are making me lose my mind. I'm going insane.

I've always had trouble remembering stuff. Mainly the things that are just an odd one out. Like, if we were going on a trip with school I'd forget about it before I could even think about it.

I was diagnosed with ADD when I was about 14 or 15. At the time I didn't really understand what it meant and I still to this day don't fully understand it. I've **never** used any of my diagnoses as an excuse. Never. Not even once. And as a result I don't think my parents are taking them seriously. I've got 2 that affect my life on a daily basis and one of them is ADD.

As I'm in the last year of HS there's a lot of checking e-mails, marking dates for turn-ins etc. It's a living nightmare. Even though I mark them down, set multiple alarms and do a lot of stuff to try and remember, I still forget about them. Most of the time I can't even remember to check my calendar to even begin remembering. And as a result they (my parents) get really fucking angry because I missed a semi-anual screenplay about witchhunts for my history class (I remembered this one as I was standing outside of the classroom wondering where everyone was) and everything else out of the ordinary that I can't remember for the life of me. It's driving me insane because I really just want to scream right at their faces: **HEY I HAVE ADD I'M REALLY BAD AT REMEMBERING THINGS LIKE CHECKING MY CALENDAR. CAN YOU PLEASE TRY TO UNDERSTAND THAT?**

The point I'm trying to get across is: how do I tell them (my parents) that my ADD is making it significantly harder for me to function as a normal person without making it sound like "boho I have ADD leave me alone I can't help it". I don't want to give ADD power over my life, under any circumstances.

Help me out peeps! There are sources all over the internet which describe symptoms of ADD, that should be enough to make them understand what ADD exactly is. I mean they must know that you are diagnosed right? Do they even know what ADD is? 

Talk to counselor at school and they should be able to help you out by talking to your parents, perhaps reminding you about stuff and so on. 

I don't have ADD nor ADHD, or any disease for that matter, that I am aware of at this point in time. However, it seems rather odd that your teacher(s) aren't fully aware of your diagnosis and as far as I am aware, the school are forced by law in Sweden to help you out with resources to help you pass in your courses. There's a lot of helpful information on Skolverkets website.

You could try to add alarms, notes in your calendar on your phone and your phone will automatically notify you through a beeping sound or similar to let you know what is in your schedule that day or hour.  just have a little heart to heart with you. I'm sure they love you and care for you and they just need to no they are being a bit insensitive but you're trying hard If you can use phone: Google inbox (to make your Gmail a to-do list), Google calendar (it has settings for default reminders, set them to 1 day, 1 hour and maybe 5 minutes) and Google keep. I'm sure there are alternatives if you don't want to go with Google.

And yes, talk to them but in "I have difficulties I need help and understanding" form I think that the way to frame it with your parents is:

1) Acknowledge that you know that your failure to remember these deadlines is a problem,
2) Acknowledge that you are almost an adult and it is your responsibility to address the problem,
3) Let them know that you understand that your current system isn't working and that you need a new one, and
4) Tell them what steps you are taking to address this.

It sounds like you're at a bit of a loss right now for what to do and how to make the situation better. I really suggest that you get yourself a bullet journal or a smartphone app system (whichever you prefer), and make a list right now of things that you haven't tried yet. Smartphone alarms, different apps, a calendar over your bed, whatever. Do some research, try different things, and take notes on what seems to help and what doesn't. Keep trying.

I find that it's often not enough to tell our loved ones that we are struggling; we often have to show them how. I think that what a lot of people who have loved ones with ADHD find so distressing is that they don't know when we're being genuine and when we're bullshitting, and that makes them confused and angry and diminishes their empathy for us. If you can demonstrate to your parents that you are taking responsibility for this problem and that you're trying, they will probably be a lot more supportive in time.

Good luck to you! UGH. It sounds like they're being really insensitive. There are lots of books and resources on understanding family members with ADHD; could you direct them to some resources? 

I think there's a happy medium between screaming at them and saying "boohoo leave me alone I can't help it." I remember my dad once bawled me out when I was a teenager for not being considerate of his time (this was years before I was diagnosed), and I was really angry and upset. I said something like: *Listen, I hate keeping you waiting, I hate keeping other people waiting, I hate always being late for things. I know this is hard for you. I always apologize to you, and I don't want to be this way. I just need you to know that I'm not being inconsiderate; this is making me miserable, and I try and try to do something about it and I can't seem to change it. This affects every relationship I have and everything I care about and every single aspect of my life. So I know it's hard for you sometimes, but I need you to know that it's a hell of a lot harder for me.* 

I think with some time and calm and diagnosis, I would now want to add something like this:
*I know that a lot of my behaviors seem like character flaws. I know that it seems like I'm lazy or I don't care. And I need you to understand that that is actually one of the most painful parts of this disorder, because I work SO hard and I really DO care. You have no idea how much effort it takes me to stay on track. Things that are simple for you are really hard for me. I understand that it's frustrating for you when I'm forgetful. I get that. It's really frustrating for me too. Your yelling at me isn't helping. For you, your actions reflect your intentions. You want to do something, and you are able to carry it out. For me, my brain betrays my good intentions all the time, even when I'm working really hard. Can you imagine how painful that is? To really care about something, and work really hard to remember it, and then forget about it anyway? You need to understand that my actions are often not a reflection of my intentions. Yelling at me will not help. I already feel ashamed. You're just making it worse.*

Or something like that. And give them a goddamn book to read. Are you taking any medication for your ADHD? Also: my grandmother was always dismissive when I mentioned ADHD. I recently showed her the bedtime routine I'd written down, and that changed everything. I explained to her that if I don't have the list, I will forget what I'm supposed to do next after brushing my teeth, and I'll get all distracted and it'll take me an hour or two to get ready for bed. She read over my list and her eyes got very wide and she said "People are so DIFFERENT!" I think seeing that I needed this written list for something that was so simple to her made a huge difference.

So if you have anything like that that you can share with your parents, just to show them how much work it is to do really simple things, maybe that will help? 