For the first time in my life, ADHD is too much to handle, and it's going to kill me I recently started my second year of university, and my first year in my school's chemistry program. I absolutely love chemistry, and I'm doing great in most of my classes (I fell behind in physical chemistry, but I'm not too worried about that). The main problem for me is labs. My lab partner thinks I'm a complete idiot, and since he's friends with pretty much everyone and I know they talk about labs, I'm sure the rest of the class does as well. I screw up multiple times in every lab, sometimes to the point of almost ruining our experiment (thankfully I haven't, yet). There was a post on our university's anonymous Facebook page saying "I'd rather \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ than work with my lab partner again" (I'm already being way too specific, so I'll leave that part blank), and while there are a lot of people who do lab work in our school, I wouldn't be surprised if it was written by him. I know I've been bringing him down, but it's been affecting me far more than it's been affecting him.

Honestly, I don't want to leave my program, but I want to stop making these mistakes. I don't want these people to keep thinking I'm a moron, but I feel like I've already set an impression that I won't be able to change. I've been depressed as hell and have considered ending everything on multiple occasions.

I'm unmedicated at the moment, but I have an appointment with my doctor on Monday, and plan on getting a prescription for Adderall XR (I've been prescribed it before from the same doctor). My last hope is medication, but I'm so scared that it won't even help me. I don't know what I'm going to do if this doesn't work. Maybe you already know all this, but people with ADHD have two issues that make us super prone to this type of thing. One is not being attentive enough to learn from our mistakes, and the other is RSD which makes us interpret the smallest negative look or sigh as an absolutely 100% positive signal that that person hates our fucking guts, even when anyone else could see that's not the case. So then these two compound, and we often make the same stupid mistakes over and over again, and we interpret everyones reactions as pure disgust towards us, making it even harder to focus.  
  
So with that said, here's my advice on how to make it through this:  
1: Commit to sticking it out. Completely remove the option of dropping out, skipping, etc out of your mind. This will make it so much easier I promise. I'm willing to bet money you've probably spent hours and hours reminiscing on every little comment and look you've gotten from your partner, and all of your infinite options on how to avoid it. Once you tell yourself you're just going to suck it up and deal with this person that hates you no matter what, all of that stressful obsession will go away.  
2: Every time you make a mistake, or come close to making a mistake, figure out what it'll take for you to never make that mistake again, and do it. Don't let yourself think "oh, there's nothing that can be done about that, everyone makes those mistakes sometimes, it's unavoidable". It's simply not true. Even if it's some really small mistake like misreading the label on a bottle. Make a rule that you think will prevent you from ever making that mistake again. Perhaps reading the label 3 times, every time, or maybe you have to read it in a funny voice in your head. Something like that, that'll ensure you actual pay attention to what the label says. I learned this from working at a place that had a no tolerance policy on accidents and injuries, as in I would be fired if I made a mistake, so I know it works.  
3: Your partner probably doesn't hate you and think you're retarded. That thing you mentioned about that facebook post probably isn't your partner and it probably isn't about you. If I were in your shoes I would probably think the same thing, because that's just how we're wired. But it's probably false. We constantly have to check ourselves and make sure we're being rational. What are the actual odds that post is about you? Probably pretty small, even though it feels the opposite. Take a minute to analyse the signals you've interpreted as dislike and try to honestly appraise if you're just grasping at straws. You probably are. Maybe they're just snarky. Maybe they're that way with everyone, even people they respect and admire. Maybe they've barely signaled anything, but you're just interpreting that as them trying really hard to be nice even though they hate you. Ahhh fuck I lost where this train of thought was going tbh. Sorry. I'll try to add more if I remember where I was going. Hopefully this helps, good luck out there :)
 It took me 2 extra years to get through school, and I dealt with alot of people treating me like that. If there is a teacher you trust, go talk to them. They might help give you pointers - mine talked me out of leaving after I failed half of my first year classes. I still owe him for that talk, it kept me there, and sticking it out was the best thing I ever did. Go talk to a doctor and talk to a school counselor if you can. Mine gave me some coping strategies to make less mistakes and helped me understand my strengths and how I best learn and process new info. It was legit helpful af. 

Good luck, and big giant hugs!  And in five years after you graduate, you’ll probably forget your lab partners name.  Don’t let other people step into your way of achieving your goal.  Even if they talk about you and that you make mistakes in chemistry labs, after graduation, no one will care or remember you did that.  So, for now, take your time in labs and recheck your steps...  I know this because, been there done that.   Come on man, I at least failed all the way out of my state school before I considered ending it all!

But seriously, that was now almost 10 years ago, and is such a distant memory. I finished school somewhere else, lived abroad, lived in a ski town, got married, and am loving life out in San Francisco working next to people who went to Harvard, and constantly surrounded by people who recognize my ADHD and laugh with me about it, and support me through it when I slip and show up 10 minutes late to things, or forget about them altogether.

Don’t let one person rob you of your life. Get medicated. Talk to your professors. Ask for their support early, and let them know when you’re struggling. Find some non-judgemental people to spend time with when your not in labs. You might be a little bit too sensitive to this right now. And I'm VERY sensitive, so please don't take it negatively or think I'm being mean. You don't know that this is talking about you, and you don't know for sure what your class thinks. You feel like you're doing bad and I think it's projecting onto how you perceive people think of you. It's so easy to fall into this trap of "everyone hates me, I'm terrible" but I can guarantee you that people aren't that horrible and, to be perfectly blunt, they have other worries other than you at the moment. 

Before your next lab, think about what your lab partner and you can do to make it easier on you. Maybe tell your lab partner about your ADHD and how you feel like it's affecting your ability to be a good partner. A little honesty and earnestness goes a LONG way. 

You may also want to talk to the disability advocate on your campus too. ADHD is something that you might need some special leeway with, and that's okay! Especially if you're just getting it under control. 

Please, please, please go to your universities mental health services. Talk to them about how you're feeling and maybe see about talking to someone professionally. Medication is super helpful, but it's not a cure-all, and sometimes it can take a little while to find the right kind/dose. I would really hate to know that you're losing hope because you haven't found the right path yet. 

Also, don't bite off more than you can chew when it comes to university. If you have to only take a few classes a semester and graduate after 4 or 5 years, that's OKAY. There is no universal "right" way to do this, only what's right for you. I switched majors 10 times and it took me 6.5 years to finish. You're already doing better unmedicated in college than I did medicated in college. 

You got this. I promise. Just don't let yourself burn out. Burn out is awful. If you need to drop one class to prevent it, do it. But don't drop out entirely.  Please talk to your doctor about depression as well.  Considering "ending everything" isn't where you want to be! This brings me back memories of me sitting in the lab with my two partners and assemble the electrical circuit for our experiment. And just like you I frequently made little annoying mistakes that would ruin both the circuit and my reputation among my colleagues. It was frustrating as hell, exhausting and took a great toll on my self confidence. Sadly the same happened at my work place. It didn’t matter how much I would concentrate and telling myself to pay attention. I’m not sure if I can ever forget the face of my boss when he asked me how I could again forget to mount the rack handles on one of the systems we delivered to a customer. And yes, people started to talk.

That was six years ago. And today, today, this kind of things do not happen anymore to me. Today, I’m the one that reminds people of the little mistakes they’re about to do. Thanks to treatment started five years ago not only did the little mistakes disappear but also my self-confidence rose - and remained to this day. Today my insecure and forgetful old self is nothing more than a distant memory from a time far away. It is the first time I wish I could forget something.

&#x200B;

Edit: To be a bit more specific, what helped me most with inattention were stimulants. I noticed an additional improvement of attention after long term use (about 1 to 2 years). According my physician (an ADHD researcher) this is due to structural changes of the brain. Oh yeah, so where I was going with this is that those feelings are going to stick with you even after forcing yourself to analyse them, but you've got to push through them. Trust your conscious appraisal of their feelings towards you and just pretend you believe them. Yes you're setting yourself up to get hurt if they end up actually not liking you, but that's life. There's always going to be some people that don't like you, no matter how perfectly you act. So all you can do is put your best foot forward. If you're nice and respectful to someone and they don't like you, there's no reason to upset with yourself. Yes you can get mad at yourself for making mistakes, but you didn't ask to be in a situation where your performance affected that persons grade. If you mess up and they don't like you because of it, well that's that. You've just got to try better next time. Their feelings towards you will be incredibly unimportant soon enough. So don't sweat it and just try to make the best of the situation. 