Not forgetful? Are there any diagnosed ADHD people here that don't forget phones, wallets, appointments etc often? i NEVER forget appointments or go too far without remembering bigger objects that i use a lot like my phone but i do lose the heck out of tiny objects like my keys(forgot my apartment door scanner today and had to take the stairs woo) and transit card. I always do a pocket pat down before I leave the house, sometimes a few times just to make sure I have my keys, wallet, and phone.  It's something I've always done so it's a habitual thing for me.  Appointments and other important things I put in my calender with multiple reminders, since I'm very prone to forget.  They're simple aids but they help in such a great way. That wouldn’t be consistent with the poorly distributed attention span ADHD involves. Perhaps someone who is aided with support systems and/or medications would do better. I'm similar. I do the pocket pat down multiple times everytime I leave the house and usually continue to do it after I close the door and walk away. And I also use calendar reminders. I'm just wondering that since I remember to use those things and don't really lose stuff that I'm using all the time, can that even be ADHD that I have. I have huge problems with executive functions, but I guess my working memory is okay.

I see this thread hasn't gotten much traction and it's probably because I can see how people who have real problems with forgetfulness gets offended, reasonably so, when someone comes here seemingly "bragging" about not having that issue. But I don't know man, I haven't been diagnosed, I'm on the waiting list to the psychiatrist and have been for some time, and I'm just constantly questioning myself do I have ADHD or not. And all these questions I have are just killing me. I wanna say here if anyone reads this and is like "what the hell is this guy talking about", that I'm just confused with myself, my behavior and my life and I'm sorry. I know the rules; no one is gonna diagnose me here but I'm just losing my mind over this damn stuff... 