Today I started medication and....it actually. Helped. TL;DR because yall need it 


• been adhd for my 20 years of life undiagnosed 


• finally went to the doc last Monday and told him about my issues


• got prescribed adderall


• having the first "normal" day of my life and it's actually great?



So basically last year my boyfriend and I started renting a house together and I found out about my adhd due to him being smart and organized and me being forgetful and disorganized.

My whole life I've been the joke of the family.
Forgetting to do laundry for 2 weeks, going to someone's house to bring them one thing and forgetting it at home, etc

I've always been able to hyper focus on my hobbies. Drawing, jewelry making, you name it, I could do it 10hr without breaks.


My issues have been bothering me more and more. I tried to improve myself without medication. Running, meditation (oof), lists, alarms, etc. Nothing really seemed to be working.

On Monday I finally went to my doctor for a checkup and admitted my problems were more than I could handle. I almost started crying I felt so stupid and useless and bad at being an adult.

He had me take a test for adhd and I scored a 31/40, and he explained a neurotypical would score a 1-5

He prescribed me adderall (low dose) and I finally was able to pick it up today.

Not expecting anything, I took it before work. 

And at work, instead of fidgeting and doodling on checks and checking my phone every 5 minutes, I WORKED. suddenly all this energy I usually put into literally anything else just focused me. I have never, not once in my life, had this focus before. 

I checked my tables on time, conversed without changing the subject, and was able to fully listen to what people were saying. I did not interrupt or walk away mid sentence. 

I feel so...new??? Before I took the meds it was like I had 4 live concerts playing 24/7 in my head, my inner voice yelling about bills and cleaning the house, and getting distracted by my pets and wandering around doing nothing all day.

And now it's just okay. I feel okay. I can see myself driving home from work and actually not fidgeting with the radio or biting my nails. I can see myself doing things I need and want to do every day without losing control and going off and doing 50 different things at once.

I just want to say I'm relieved this medication actually works. And that I'm not crazy or stupid for being forgetful and having a busy mind. And that I didn't suck in school because I'm a loser, I just have a different mind and I need to find my own path to figure it out. 

That's all! I am 26 and have been wondering with increased urgency if I have some sort of undiagnosed ADHD or if it’s even worth it to try to talk to a doctor. This post makes me feel like I DO have valid concerns and it’s worth the headache of going to a doctor. I'm so glad that you were able to get tested and get the help that you needed! I was also recently diagnosed and just started medication a few weeks ago. AND WOW. I'm on generic Ritalin and it has definitely been an eye opener! 

For now I'm only taking 10mg x2 a day, but it's the short acting ritalin so the effects only last about 6-8 hours which is totally not enough for me. Before I read this post I was actually thinking about how "fuzzy" I feel when I'm not on the medication. I can't wait until I meet with my psychiatrist in a few weeks to talk about a longer term solution. 

Anyways, cheers to us getting our lives together!  Honestly my biggest fear right now,  besides what depression/anxiety tell me,is that i either wont be able to get meds or they wont work.

So thats why its always nice to read these stories where they do, gives me hope for when i get on mine What test did you take where you scored 31/40? I just got told "your story has the sound of someone with ADD". Congrats, its such an amazing feeling to have that focus, and I want to imagine it gets better with time as you build momentum on getting things done all effectively and punctually.

I have the same experience when I take meds, like I can pick a task and just do it instead of refreshing a dozen webpages over and over, or having Jolene by Dolly Parton play in my head at varying tempos non stop. Being able to sit down and practice my bass guitar or learn a language feels amazing, it makes me want to cry.

But instead I wanna cry for the fact that I can't see a doctor to get a prescription and I can't hold a job without it Wow. Is this the US? Diagnosis is that short? I'm in Norway and my doctor had me do that test before he would even talk to me about ADHD. I did the test 2 weeks ago, and got a 35... Been postponing booking a new appointment ever since :/

Gonna try to get one boked today though.

Next I have to gett councelling on how to get in touch with a neurologist who will then do a lots of other tests and therapy sessions. But aparently most of them are too busywith more serious mental disorders, so it could take a while before I get started... And even if I am diagnosed they might not give me medication. \> And that I didn't suck in school because I'm a loser, I just have a different mind and I need to find my own path to figure it out.

  
THIS! YES! The best part about having ADHD is like "oh my god you mean there's a WORD for people like me?" I'm just legit he first time wondering if I have ADHD and I'm having a bit of a come to Jesus moment reading all of this because it describes me to a tee and has since I was a kid. I've always been very curious and loved learning so my school performance has always been good when teachers gave me the freedom to learn a little more independently, which they usually did, meaning that I was always high functioning enough that no one noticed except for telling me I was "smarter than that" vis a vis my poor note taking, organization skills, habit of interrupting, forgetfulness, handwriting, etc. someone in my life was recently very honest about how they balance their adhd symptoms in the workplace and my brain was going "what? That's just normal life, isn't it? Omg maybe it's not, etc".  1) Congratulations and good luck! Lots of love and hope towards you two!

2) I feel the same. Diagnosed just recently too. However, only the meds don't cut it for me, it's a great start tho. And when I am on meds, my creativity suffers somewhat. So there's that I relate to this so hard it made me tear up. I was diagnosed last year at 30, and had the same experience when I started medication. It's been 6 months, and my life is so much better. My depression, anxiety, and insomnia are all gone after a life long battle. It's been an emotional rollercoaster, but there are no words to describe the new peace and clarity I have.  Thank you for this post, it literally gives me hope that it might be the same for me as well! I'm pleased for you.  Wish i could afford adderral, it isn't covered by Illinois medicaid. First day is the strangest, that is for sure.  My medication is a crutch- I've still got a metaphorical limp going on, but it really helps get over the worst.

Anyways, I wanted to say thank you for making me self-aware. I was starting to fall into mindless browsing. :) In our family, the ADHD leads to extreme fatigue, some social anxiety/withdrawal, etc. Trying to self-medicate the fatigue is where the real issues occur for us though - I worked realllly hard to try to manage it and keep it in check, but overeating, abusing caffeine, overusing alcohol, etc were all issues. 

Unfortunately, it wasn’t until about a year after we lost our chronically obese father that my brother and I both got diagnosed (within weeks of each other, independently and without mentioning it to each other right away - it was a heck of a coincidence when we realized we were both starting meds), and we realized in hindsight how obvious it was that Dad would also have been diagnosed and that his overeating and astonishing diet soda consumption was at least in part due to ADHD. 

Since getting medicated, both my brother and I are healthier and happier than we’ve ever been. 

So, long way of saying, after years of frustration with doctors and not being able to figure out what my issue was and being ready to just “live with it,” I am now back to being a strong encourager that people get their stuff checked out. It’s made such a big difference in my life in such a short period of time. 

Edit: thanks for the gold anonymous stranger! And fixed there—>their since I know the difference but messed it up last night anyway when I was up too late reading Reddit :/ If you're really wondering you should just see a doc about it.

I'm kicking myself and my family in the past because literally nobody noticed all the things that just weren't "right" with me....poor memory, focus, the whole 9 

Nobody should have to live like that if they don't want to. I feel a bit bitter at myself too for just thinking I was dumb and lazy I'm 25 and I finally pulled the trigger on going to my doctor after years of thinking I might be ADHD. I had convinced myself I was lazy and unable to succeed in life because of it. The hardest part was convincing myself that my concerns were valid and that I wasn't just lying to myself as an excuse for my failures. 

I did research about adult ADHD symptoms and brought it to my doctor with anecdotes about the multitude of times I fucked my life up and he prescribed me Dexedrine. Your concerns are valid and you should definitely talk to a doctor about them.  I’m going to be 26 in a few days. I’ve been diagnosis’s with adhd in high school. I stopped taking my meds about two years ago and just recently picked them up again. I’ll tell you it’s great. Will I continue to take them forever who knows but it’s totally worth it. I’m more productive when I do take it and I forget things a lot less. My brains not all over the place any more. I’d go to the doctor, what do you have to lose.  If possible, see a Doctor with previous experience in treating ADHD, preferably in adults. 

I finally got my prescription at 3pm and I was scheduled to work 4-9. It's 11pm and this stuff hasn't worn off still so that's the last time I'll be taking it past noon!


I guess it's a learning process. I'm on 10mg adderall xr. I didn't want to over-stimulate myself so I only had about 1/4 cup of coffee and I'm still buzzing and I usually have about 3 cups a day. I have a feeling I'll be up pretty late tonight. 

I'm excited to see how I adjust to this. I'd prefer to stay on a super low dose because I'm not a huge fan of medication but we'll see how I do this month. I get to meet my doc a month from now to talk about the dosage and see what we want to do. 

What's blowing my mind is that normal people have this level of productivity on a daily basis. I'm the only one I know of at work that zooms around all day running in circles, drawing, playing on my phone, gets TOTALLY exhausted from working hard for 2 hours, and leaves work drained and unhappy every night.

And today I did my best and I don't feel drained or unhappy. It just felt like another part of my day instead of something I supremely dread due to not having the focus consistently for more than 10min 

Cheers to you to getting started on your new meds too, I'm glad they're helping! This. I have an apt in Dec with my family doc but I've  been contacting psychiatrists (up to 4. That's an accomplishment for me, to do even more than 1 and just kinda hope they respond) to try and get one earlier.

I'm terrified that they will all be like 'no meds' but I also don't want to come off as jonseing for a fix.

But I've been this way my whole life. I'm 36 and I've made my own coping methods, but they aren't enough anymore.

I'm tired of not feeling productive or of putting off simple tasks like brushing my teeth.

I want to feel like my wife says she does, not scatter brained and constantly fighting the noise in my head to think.  Was my biggest fear to after reading how great they are for many on here.

Sadly, I've yet to find something that works. 

All of them either have too many side effects on me or don't do anything for me.

&#x200B;

&#x200B; Yeah, I made myself a promise that I would not do anything drastic until and unless I have tried stimulants.

Jokes on me, my Pdoc keeps telling me next appointment is when I will get to try. It was supposed to be this week, but now it's gonna be in 6 months. Probably a screening where OP answered with a number between 1 and 5 I took two written tests, where I had to mark behaviours between never - rarely - sometimes- often - very often, then I provided ones that my mother and husband had marked out with comments, and school reports  It was a couple sheets that just told me to score myself between 1 and 5 on different questions. Took me like 2 minutes to fill out
I answered honestly.

I don't know much about ADD but I know for sure my hyperactivity comes out as fidgeting, especially with my hands. I can't tell you how many times my dick of a boss has commanded me to stop moving my feet or tapping my fingers or walking around. It's like generally 50% of my energy goes into my day and 50% of my energy goes into fidgeting to try to stay focused on my day. This probably isn't the same scale but the ASRS v1.1 is the one a lot of doctors use. It doesn't have a number, but you can compare the number of grey boxes you fill in to white ones to get an idea of how many symptoms you have. https://add.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/adhd-questionnaire-ASRS111.pdf America docs often just prescribe meds to get people to go away.

Some are better but it's usually private practice like that and they don't take insurance  Disgnosis isn't always short, and I was terrified my doc would think I just wanted to score some adderall (bc I'm college age and NOBODY had ever brought up my issues before)

My doc has known me since I was 8. He wasn't my actual doctor until I was 18 but he knows everything about me since my mom works at his office. So like if most people need a doc appt to get prescribed antibiotics for an illness, instead my mom might just tell him my symptoms in passing and he'll prescribe me without having to see me.

But for adderall I know it's much more serious so he asked me extensively for half an hour about what makes me forgetful, the things I forget, the fidgeting, my lack of focus with anything other than my hobbies, and how I feel about it.

Hes just a very understanding and kind person. He didn't make me jump through any hoops because he could tell I was genuinely suffering (my eyes were watering so bad and I had to keep holding my breath to keep from crying).

I don't know anyone else with adhd who has had to take various tests to get medication. I feel like if you really feel you need it, it's okay to give it a go. I totally understand that.

I was always a smart kid. I believe every kid is smart and unique in their own aspects, but I was super interested in science from a young age. My parents bought me tons of books on wildlife biology, herpetology, ornithology, etc. When I was 10 I started memorizing Latin names of local species and looking up what they meant. I was so fascinated by birds migrating, I worked with a horse trainer for several years rehabbing abused horses, etc. Like, I was (am?) very well read with things I enjoyed. I was interested in bacteria in ponds and plants and my fish tanks (I poured sooooooo many hours into aquascaping). I am also an artist, like I said I can spend 10 hours drawing and painting and writing stories.

It's a freaking wonder how anybody missed my adhd. My report cards were always full of notes of "talks too much" and my teachers often had to take away my sketchbooks. I was more interested in developing calligraphy skills than taking actual notes. Every day I would forget my pens, my notes, my books, forgot to brush my teeth, etc.

BUT, I was funny when I interrupted. I was entertaining and well liked so my teachers would let it slide. I would draw them pictures in class and write jokes so they just said I lacked the ambition to really learn. And I am smart. But that doesn't stop someone from having adhd.

My grades tanked over and over. I went to a private school in highschool and purposely failed out of it because I would constantly forget to do things during my 4 hours of nightly homework. It was just way too much.

Of course I did really well in my science and art classes, but everything else was at a C or below. They all thought I was depressed (which caused me to be depressed and spiral down) and put me on meds and sent me to therapy. Half the therapists were more interested in my eating disorder and my relationship with my father so it never really went anywhere. 

And now when I was diagnosed my mom was like "well....if it's genetic haven't you had it all your life? You're NORMAL, you don't have adhd"

Well, smart, attractive, stylish, tall, short, people of any color, and literally anyone can have a learning disability. My mom finds it so hard to believe because she's only seen me at home when I'm focused on artwork or I spend 3 hours hiking with my dog. 

My dad is a classic adhd person. He worked from home and spent months developing programs to do his work for him. He's so smart. So while his programs did his work he would play flamenco guitar and read the news. But he would forget things constantly. Leave his wallet at home, put the remote in the fridge, leave bottles of wine everywhere, his side of his bedroom was a disaster.....I see he has adhd but because he's smart and makes money nobody cares or notices. And in his home country mental health care does not exist so what reason did he have to care?


Sorry for typing out a mile and a half but if you think you have adhd, please see a doctor. I waited almost a year because I was terrified my doc would think I'm fishing for meds or making shit up. 
Getting my first prescription was like being able to sigh and let go for the first time. I'm on day 2 and I feel really good. I have a lot of work ahead of me but I finally have something that helps my brain work in a productive way.
 Anxiety and depression have been hitting me like a train lately. You're right, they've seen to have lifted off of me a bit.

Yesterday I actually didn't fucking hate myself for interrupting everyone. I didn't immediately forget what my coworkers told me or what I talked about. I was able to keep track of the time and all my tables and recognize what I had to do every minute. 

It's just fucking crazy to me that I went 20 years basically as a human tornado. I can't imagine going 30-- I've felt like a train wreck my whole life and have been told so too. What is “the whole 9” you talked about? I may have ADHD but im not a doctor lol, so im just reading to get informed before i get diagnosed! I feel ya, im living with family myself that doesnt understand. I hope that when you get there that it will help. I wish you all the luck in finding something and hope that you can soon Im still waiting to get tested. I was tested as a kid, but its been so long that i need to get tested again. You're painting with a pretty broad brush there. Might want to check that.  Apparently being evaluated costs at least a couple grand in my area and insurance usually doesn't cover it for adults so I may very well hold off since I don't NEED a diagnosis for evaluation and I don't want to take meds-- I had antidepressant as a teen/young adult and although they were needed at the time, the experience was unpleasant enough that I don't want to deal with psychopharmacology again. 

I laughed out loud at the putting the remote in the fridge. I have lost track of the number of things I've misplaced by putting them in the fridge. Everything from glasses to phones to homework. Sigh.  I went 43. A big part of my first year or so was being able to see myself in a whole new way. Turns out I'm not stupid or lazy or just a flakey weirdo. 

The anxiety and depression that was built by living life that way, and believing these things about myself doesn't just go away. It's a hell of a lot of work. But I'm getting there. You will to. Work hard at it, but be patient with yourself.  The whole 9 for me

• inability to focus on mundane tasks, switching between mundane tasks (doing 1/2 the vacuuming then barely washing the dishes then kinda trying to fold my laundry then going back to vacuuming etc before forgetting everything and going outside to play with my dog instead)


• forgetful with everything. In the morning before work my mom could say "please get the mail when it arrives" and I will literally forget she said it in 5sec and spend all day feeling like she told me to do something

• disorganization. I'm an organized person but my bedroom reflects my brain. If I feel frazzled and jumpy, you can bet my room is a fucking disaster. I have hyper focus days where I clean it top to bottom but it's difficult

• distraction. Even while driving. I spend 40min driving to work. Usually I'll realize I've been looking at my hands for 30sec and have no recollection of looking at the road or if I was paying attention. I have to chainsmoke or eat or fidget or fiddle with the radio

• daydreaming. I daydream 24/7. Everything I see and experience is usually clouded by a daydream. I daydreamed my way through school too. I remember most days I'd have 0 idea what was going on in class. I'd be watching the teacher intently but my ears weren't listening to them at all

• hyperfocus. I can play with my rats, my dogs, draw, paint, go jogging, etc, ALL day. My mom loves that I'll sit in my room for 8 hours making jewelry at a time. But it's because I can zero in on fun things. These are all fun to me. Everything else? Right out the window because I can't bring myself to care

• impulsivity. People with adhd are more likely to suffer from addiction and eating disorders. When I felt I was lacking control in my life (it makes sense to me now it's because I had no clue I had adhd) I would starve myself and force myself to purge

• exhaustion after having to focus on mundane tasks. I fucking hate work. So much. Like I want to kick and scream and cry when I get there. Being focused on a busy day for 3 hours leaves me entirely drained. Forcing myself to focus is the most exhausting thing I can experience. I can work a 12hr shift no problem if it's dead and there's nothing to do. But my "patience meter" runs out VERY quickly when I have to focus myself





There's some other stuff I can't think of right now but I think I wrote way too much anyway lol Eh. I don't think so. There are always exceptions and always those who are better than others, and everything you read on in the internet is subject to interpretation and personal bias. But overprescription of painkillers, antibiotics, and other drugs is a documented problem in the US.

Edit. Just Google overprescibing.  Is that an abbreviated version of the expression “the whole nine yards”? Dualib seemed like they might have been asking what you meant by that phrase, specifically. Agreed. I had a severe reaction to hydrocodone in high school from wisdom teeth extraction. So I tell every doctor I see, but along the way I messed up and said codeine. 

Still an opioid and I probably shouldn’t be prescribed one if I had a reaction to one that’s quite similar.

Fast forward to now, I have shingles. Saw doc Friday, prescribed antivirals. Told me to call back Monday. 

I called from work (no rash, likely due to antivirals ASAP)but I have the burning pain up my back and down my leg, but not enough to keep me bed ridden. This was to the nurse who relayed to the doc.

Doc didn’t call back but I get a call from pharmacy that my script is ready. I don’t even know what it is, should’ve asked before buying and it’s hydrocodone. 

Call the next day and they just immediately prescribe tramadol instead. Without having me come back in, or anything. Just seems a little bizarre to me.  It is.....and I think I just typed out a mile long novel based on a misunderstanding hahahaha But its been a great answer, cause i can relate to almos everything in that list... and not in a light way 