adhd question - out of sight, out of mind. 
Hi all, sorry about asking a lot of questions on here. ADHD is quite new to me. My bf has it and I want to learn more so that I can help him, and us ultimately.
Something that's cropped up a few times is the idea of 'out of sight out of mind'. I want people to help me understand how if a good friend moves town, for example, and you don't see them that much, how it means that they might fall off the radar. From my own perspective, if a good friend moves away then they are still a good friend and I'll reach out to them. If they weren't so close and then moved away, this might lessen the contact, and friendship, but not if they were close.
I know EF is affected with ADHD, and working memory but how does this affect close friendships when people move away. Surely if you miss someone then you'll reach out to them?
I hope that I haven't caused offence; I genuinely want to understand this idea, that currently, evades me.
Thanks Well, as someone who has ADHD, I can definitely relate to this.  
For a lot of people with ADHD, including myself, there is a struggle to even prioritize tasks that I NEED to do. Things like finding time to make dinner, do schoolwork, etc. can feel like very hard tasks to accomplish on some days. So, when it comes to friendships, I find that I really do gravitate towards my friends who are more available. For example, I have a close friend who I went to highschool with and we took five years off after highschool & now we're in University together. Throughout the five years off between highschool and University, we did not see each other much or talk as much. Now that we're both in University, I see her almost every day.  Similarly, I have a coworker who also goes to my University and I see her all the time.

TLDR; People who have ADHD often struggle with prioritizing tasks that are NECESSITIES, so sometimes it is easy to forget to reach out to people who are good friends when they move away. I agree with Sphiz. I just forget about keeping up regular contact. Once it's gone too long, then I might feel embarrassed about reaching out -- like I forgot them (just like I might forget about a bill). There's some shame that comes with ADHD since you grow up with all the forgetting and getting in trouble for forgetting.  But if someone is close to your heart then how can you forget them? Forgive me, I'm trying to understand. I totally get how you can forget someone who you're not that close to when they aren't around. Life get's so busy, for everyone. But if it's a really close friend who moves away then do they not keep popping into your head from time to time? I've lost contact with a **lot** of people, and yes, they did (and do) pop into my head from time to time - usually when I'm in the middle of doing something or in the middle of the night when they're sleeping or when I know they're at work, so I tell myself I should call them later. Then life happens and I forget. After I've forgotten to call for long enough, it becomes embarrassing, so then I avoid the whole thing. Well, that's probably more the shame than the forgetting! So much this. I've lost contact with so many people that way. I move every 2-3 years and lose touch.  