One of the most infuriating things about having ADHD .... Is losing everything. all.the.fucking.time. 

lost my wallet the other day....i am CONSTANTLY looking for my glasses, phone and sleep mask every day! 

Its like, once you put something down somewhere, you make a quick mental note, but your brain is already a thousand thoughts ahead of you so it doesn't retain that information! 

Edit: realized I lost my coffee travel mug.... I try to have as few things as possible and always put them in the same place.

Phone, keys, wallet in a little basket by the door. Glasses on the face or on the bedside table. If I put any of these things anywhere else, I might as well just throw them away. I absolutely hate losing things so I have a place for EVERYTHING. I used to hate when my mom would clean my room (cause it got too messy for her to ignore anymore even though I was fine) when I was a kid. But I inevitably still lose my phone everyday -_- Every time! I hate when it happens and I have memory loss on top of that so it's even worse for me. If I don't write it down, I will forget. My friend was laughing because I had to pull out my phone and write down a reminder to check out a movie he recommended to me, but I will forget if I don't write it down.  I get annoyed at myself everytime it happens and oh gosh it happens so often. It also feels like my brain is laughing at me when I realize I lost something again! Not funny mate. Whenever I'm outside, I constantly (I mean non stop) check that everything is in my pockets. Use to be a huge problem for me until my mom forced me to put things in the same spot every single day. Now I rarely lose things  Oh man. I know the feeling. People look at me like im nuts for putting my keys on a chain that's attached to my belt loop (like a wallet chain), but if I didn't do this, I would probably constantly lose them. I usually put my car keys in a certain pocket in my purse. It is so so tempting to just throw them in my (giant) purse but I make. Myself. Find. The. Pocket. And. Put. Them. There. Because I know if I don't I will lose precious minutes getting out the door searching in that giant purse and I am always late anyway :) I'm just happy that I can make my cell phone ring from my computer, even if I muted it for work/school. Or else I'd have no idea where it was. I found it in the fridge a couple of times, even. My keys live in a pocket in the jacket I used last, so that's about the only thing I own that I constantly know where is. My Nintendo DS, however, is lost more often than I know where it is.  Haven't seen it for about a year now. > Is losing everything. all.the.fucking.time.

I have managed to train in myself a habit that I find helps with this.  Every time I walk through any doorway at all, I *try* to remember check my pockets for my keys, wallet, and phone.  Every time.

I don't *manage* it every time, but I'm at the point where it's enough of an "autopilot" thing that I manage it often enough to almost never actually lose those things anymore. Once I lost my car keys for 3 days because I put them on some random place instead of the place where I usually put them.  Agreed... I love 45 mins from work. Got to work, no wallet, no badge, no cell phone... And my jeep get really bad gas mileage... Every single time I sit down to do my homework, I lose my pen or pencil. It seriously never fails. I'll be reading my book then get distracted and realize I don't remember where the pen is even though I haven't moved. I end up with life 5 of them by the time I'm done.  https://thingsdavidhaslost.wordpress.com/ I've learnt simply not to let anything off of my person. I have big coat pockets that everything can fit into - nothing leaves the pockets unless it's being deliberately used. I always make sure to take the time to put everything in its usual spot so I don't lose it, like phone, bag+wallet. I have to go searching for my phone if I put it in a different place.  No kidding. 

My solution is to basically say it out loud while putting it down and stating all the items I need when walking out the door. While still bothersome, It has become a "normal" part of life. Can't sem to g too excited about it anymore, just regroup, recoup. Costs more time ,energy and money though. I've given up. I let the things be lost and take a deep breath and reassure myself that It will turn up....eventually... Tile 4 pack for 70$ at the Apple Store. (Huge discount normally 60$ for one) got one on my keys, one in my car. Not only do have a way of finding those items, the tile will also ring your phone by pressing the button. Although now I don't think I'll loose my keys which makes me want to return them.....but then I'll loose my keys. 

Their also a good way of checking to make sure your keys are where you left them/normally out them so you don't waste time looking/worrying if they are there then go to grab them and they aren't. 

Oh and they save the last location your phone saw them which makes it awesome for finding my car in a mall lot lol.  I have to put most things in the same spot all the time. That way I don't lose them. At least the most important things. For everything else, at least my apartment is pretty small... This!!! When I was in 6th grade I switched seats for a single class in science. I put my binder down and forget it. It was missing for months until I just happened to stumble upon it. I can't believe I got so good at keeping track of my stuff. The tile will find your phone for you! As long as you have whatever the tiles attached too..... My phone is my brain's external hard drive. I don't see it as amusing,writing that down is a great way to deal with it.Its smart. Pat check. Works until you do it while driving and forget you plugged in your phone to listen to music. I got around forgetting things by making them items I had to have in order to leave the house. Have to lock my door when I leave. Attached my keys to my wallet. I listen to my phone in the car and don't ever drive without it. I need my car keys to get into the car.

None of this prevents me from having to go back inside, but I have yet to leave anything at home. I hear you on all those points. Can i use this on my wallet? Perfect analogy. I don't what I would do without my smart phone.  More poking fun than actually laughing at me, but you're right it is a great way.  *Pat's pocket while driving*

"Shit! Where the fuck are my keys?" That's not a bad way to plan it out... I'll have to try that tomorrow! Thanks! Is your screen name Add butter, or ADD butter? Lol It is a bit chunky but depending on how full your wallet is you may need to adjust it a bit. Would be perfect for a chain Wallet lol. But seriously yeah it should work though there may be something a little thinner that may work better. 


Incidentally I never change my jeans since I never do my own laundry (I do my wife's and sons religiously though) so my wallet is always either in what I was wearing or one of half a dozen easily checked places. 

http://imgur.com/6FrYseg Let me know if it works out for you. Well well, never knew I had the dual purpose username. Very clever arenchu? 
Add butter for /r/keto purposes
And , now: ADD butter for /r/ADHD purposes. There. I will! Thanks again! I have a few clever moments... They just don't happen very often... I'm gonna have to mark this on the calendar! 