I never forget bad things people say to me. I internalize everything over and over again. Even though the person who said it completely forgets about it and moves on. They are the ax that chopped into me, and I am the tree.

Is this kind of thinking and ADHD thing? Google "rejection sensitive dysphoria" My advisor for my masters degree told me he wouldn't hire me for a PhD because "the results [of hiring me] haven't been encouraging". It was a body blow to my confidence that I haven't recovered from, despite having found a great PhD program.

A former teammate had seen me cleaning the workshop several times, and politely informed me during an inebriated tirade that sweeping floors is all that I'd ever be good for.

The worst of it all is, they were right in calling me out. I was guilty of being lazy and skiving off of work when I shouldn't have been.

I'm not sure if it's an ADHD thing specifically, non-ADHD people might also suffer from a sensitive ego, but it sucks all the same. I'm forever envious of people who can walk tall on the streets secure in the knowledge of their own accomplishments and integrity. Dude- that was the bane of my existence, for 30 years.

Every waking moment, my brain seemed dead-set on playing a looped movie of every failure, every mistake, and every criticism I ever received on a screen 800 miles wide, right behind my eyes.  

It was so bad, that I would have to bark out verbal interrupts, to stop the cycle for just a few minutes- I started sounding like a paranoid schizophrenic, or someone with tourettes- I'd be mumbling and shouting incoherently as I walked down the street- people probably thought I was nuts (and I was afraid I was, as well...)

Thankfully, being on my medication takes care of it. It's amazing how much life improves, when you're not constantly reminding yourself of your shortcomings. yeah I think that's probably par for the course.  it's easy for us to fixate and overthink things.  I've learned that when you start getting stuck on these negative things, you have to get into the habit of breaking them down piece by piece - why did this happen?  did you do anything wrong?  can you do anything differently in the future?  

learn your lessons and move on.  focus on the thing you're going to change, if there's anything to change - if you didn't do anything wrong, then you can dismiss the criticism since it was from someone being mean/stupid/misinformed/whatever.  Honestly it used to happen to me a lot more, still happens somewhat often. The times it does happen now, I see myself start to obsess over it in my head and I recognize it, calm down, rationalize, and if needed I call people out (because otherwise I continue obsessing). Now it's important to LEARN HOW TO CALL PEOPLE OUT KINDLY, APPROPRIATELY, AND CONSTRUCTIVELY otherwise you'll notice you'll start to get in a lot of pissing matches.   
  
Can't say this is the best advice, but it's the coping mechanism that fits my personality and has worked for me best so far.   
  
As far as long term advice, the solution probably looks more like: Surround yourself with people who don't make you feel this way. Now that's easier said than done, but if you're working a toxic min wage job where this is happening and there's a similar paying job right next door, then maybe it looks like trying out that other business  if they are nicer. I think part of it is because people with ADHD are so affected by motivation that every little negative thing hinders everything else So, I don't know if this will help, but I've been dealing with this too so I told my therapist. She told me to try something she called "sixes". What you do is; once a day sit down and write the name of the person (or people) who said or did something to hurt you, intentionally or not. For each of those people write down 6 reasons they might have hurt you (that have nothing to do with you). So maybe they stabbed their toe a few minutes ago, or maybe their girlfriend just broke up with them. Stuff like that. Once you finish your list give yourself permission to let it go. Maybe try visualizing your anxieties floating away like feathers or balloons. 
Sixes help me separate myself form others actions. It also helps me not take every little sigh or eye roll personally. You don't have to internalize every little thing people do or say to you! I'm far from learning that myself, but it's like learning to ride a bike; you just keep trying till you get it. 
I hope that helps! Good luck and don't be too hard on yourself! 
 Also worthwhile to look up HSP (highly sensitive person) as well. It's bizarre how easily those negative situations can stick on replay in the mind. I even spend time "preparing" for a variety of negative interactions so I'm not caught off guard. 

Sadly those don't mostly work (surprised?). I am lucky to have a partner to reframe some things that give me permission to release some of the issues. 

Mine usually stem from "I can't figure out what I did wrong to deserve this" and my partner can say: "oh that's a gaslighting technique they used, see here ____ and here ____" or "this word you used probably triggered them because it's often used in this context. Oh and they know you have the power in this situation. They are trying to have power over you first"

Those may not apply to you but it helps me take apart what I see as "I fail" to a "oh I see where the issue is".  I struggle with this real bad as well. Just got a new job in a lumber yard and some of those guys can be very intimidating and rough around the edges. Something that has helped me is a saying that one of my nicer co-workers has been drilling into my mind whenever I feel bad about someone's comment (from an angry customer or grumpy laborer). He says "just remember, in the end, you are all that matters. If you wake up tomorrow and still have a job to go to, then you are doing great." It's really hard to internalise all that, but it has helped me quite a bit. This is SO me. Almost every SINGLE day, I think about the negative things people have said to me in the past (even five or ten years ago) and it makes me want to talk down to myself. At one point in my life, I used to bring myself down emotionally. I used to say negative things about myself (I guess it was my way of getting back at the world, trying to process my anger, and trying to process negative situations). This was negative self-criticism. I did this because I was just angry at so many people and I was angry with life in general.

I think you must find some positive energy in your life. It's partially an ADHD thing, because we remember moments like that.  But, if you don't have as many good memories of positive things people have said to you, then it's probably also a low self esteem thing. Over and over and all night. Still pissed at a comment the boss said at staff call on Wednesday. Before I started on Strattera and therapy this was a thing.  I've internalized the "whatever" clause. Let me explain, I'm sensitive. I know this, and yes the small things can sky rocket my anxiety... Until I say it's whatever. 

Whatever is the textual value of absolutely null on my scale of importance. It is zero. It holds no value anymore. I shut it out and forget about it. I clearly have way more important things to attend to. So it's whatever.

I've had to mentally train myself for many years to get to where I am. 

Keep pushing yourself.  I haven't been diagnosed yet, but the more I read this sub the more things I find that just scream back at me my own experience. I have had rejection sensitivity forever and it's the worst and has held me back from so much- and I never knew it was associated with ADHD. I really need to get back into the psychiatrist's office and talk again about being diagnosed. She's been working on getting my anti-depressants sorted out...but I am more and more convinced that I have ADHD as well. And this is just another indicator.  It's anxiety  I suffer from this too. I have to ask: did your parents constantly berate you about your faults and mistakes?  Mine did, especially when it came to ADHD issues.  I think that has resulted in low self-esteem as well as the rejection sensitive dysphoria that other people have mentioned. I think it probably is, in terms of being unable to process the feeling in a constructive way. Try to remember that no one deserves to be treated that way, and the problem is theirs, not yours. Someone who hurts someone else and forgets about it is despicable. Just because other people are NT, it doesn't mean they're better than you. Cluelessness is pretty universal in the species. You will make mistakes, and they will make mistakes. It would be great if everyone could understand you, but they don't even understand themselves yet.

I'm 56 and wasn't diagnosed until last year. I've heard all that garbage a million times. Still working on it, but I have developed a reasonable sense of self-respect. After awhile you just ignore it because it's so familiar. Don't add to your troubles by trying to "fix" yourself. Your feelings are very strong, and sometimes that sucks, but you are not broken.
 Yuup, have to deal with this all the time. Negative things that have happened in the past seem to still be raw in the back of my mind. It doesnt keep me up at night, but its made me cynical and untrusting, when I used to be more open and trusting.  :( CBT helped me overcome this. This is crazy for me to read. never heard of it...and I remember as a kid being slayed by anything negative said to me/about me. My dad said to me one day when I was a little kid, " you FEEL way to much...you think you feel more than others...you don't".  I was stunned and still remember how weird that made me feel. I am now 57. At least it makes sense to understand this better. Yes, this a thousand times. It does seem to be linked to ADHD somehow. (It's nice to know *why* getting a simple "no" is irrationally painful) This is why I read this sub... every one has just wrote my off as too sensitive (my whole life))) holy shit thank you so much  [Link](http://www.additudemag.com/adhd/article/12114.html) to an article found fairly quickly.  I had no idea this was a thing. I definitely have it. Thank you for posting.  Is there a certain med that targets this better than others? I can't believe your advisor would say that to you. That makes them a pretty lousy advisor. It didn't look like they have your best interests in mind or perhaps they're a bit miserable themselves and felt the need to tear you down.
One thing that had been crucial to my success is having a support system of friends and colleagues who  i can talk to and count on to lift my spirits when someone tries to bring me down. Wow. Fuck them. Never forget the option that some people don't want to see your potential come to fruition lest it make them look wilted.  > The worst of it all is, they were right in calling me out. I was guilty of being lazy and skiving off of work when I shouldn't have been.

That's actually one of the worst kinds of bullying and a really twisted mind game. There is a grain of truth (but only a grain) in the criticism to fool you (and other people) into believing the criticism has validity, which it does not; it's usually based on distortion, misrepresentation or fabrication. So then your perception of your own self worth dwindles and you don't stand up for yourself because you get fooled into thinking that you deserve the criticism. [deleted] Which medication did you find sorted this? Oh yeah, same here. Worst part is I work a graveyard shift alone where it would be ok to mumble "fuck off!" to my thoughts. But I worry that I'm developing a bad habit. I totally feel schizo sometimes.

 > if you didn't do anything wrong, then you can dismiss the criticism since it was from someone being mean/stupid/misinformed/whatever.

That's very difficult for me to do when that someone, is someone I expected more from.

Although in all fairness, sometimes people expect more from me and I unintentionally disappoint them.

The difference is, they're disappointed in me because I failed at something, or I haven't been picking up on hints they've been dropping, something like that. So in the heat of their disappointment and frustration in/with me, they lash out and say things that, sorry to sound overdramatic here, but it's like I get hit with words that slice my soul. Really below-the-belt type of shit. And they already knew about me having ADHD, so they can't be that ignorant. > if you're working a toxic min wage job where this is happening and there's a similar paying job right next door, then maybe it looks like trying out that other business if they are nicer.

The majority of min wage jobs are toxic. I happen to be at one that isn't toxic, at least not to me, and I like it, even though the pay is crappy. Like not even $9/hour. I'm full time, but I pay my own health insurance to be able to pay for my ADHD meds, because the company doesn't really offer a whole lot of healthcare benefits. I also make my own car payments. Because of all this, I can't afford my own place, so I live in my mom's house. Things are staying that way for now, because I want to go back to school, but I know I can't be unemployed. If I look for, and accept, another job that pays a little more, and quit this job I have now, I'd be risking becoming unemployed again. I live in an at-will state; someone could catch me "zoning out" (although I'm probably actually thinking about what needs to be done first, then second, and how to go about carrying it all out) and fire me on the spot. You know how it is. The problem comes when I go on dates and stuff, I go out with these really great guys who, when the subject of jobs comes up, they don't get where I'm coming from at all, and they'll tell me I have no drive or ambition, which makes my blood boil and the monster within me comes out. And then I'm the one who ends up embarrassing myself and feeling bad about it later. I'll be 34 tomorrow. I should be past all this shit. Underrated comment. This resonated with me so much. That makes RSD make so much more sense. It's like we're already trying are asses off and struggling so any insult or harsh criticism isn't going to fly with us. 

 this > It doesnt keep me up at night, but its made me cynical and untrusting, when I used to be more open and trusting.

I am the queen of cynicism. I had that bookmarked sometime last year and forgot about it. Re-reading it actually gave me a bit of relief to know that this is a recognized issue and that I'm not the only one.

I just wish it would stop, however. People tell me to "just not think about it and move on" as though it's something I can fully and completely control/block on my own. It's not like I try to bring it up; I sure as hell _don't_ enjoy it, and I definitely don't dwell on it, but the emotions and memories still trigger.

I've been diagnosed with PTSD (I'm not military), but I wonder if it's really "just" RSD. I'm seeing my psychiatrist this Friday; I'll make a note to bring it up. Crazy.  Someone spelled out exactly what this feels like perfectly.  Though I internalize everything which is the real kicker.  People don't even know that I'm dead on the inside when this happens.  

Dislike the anticipating rejection.  It's such a waste of energy. I used to be a people pleaser, then I stoped trying. How do I go back? >"Social phobia is an intense anticipatory fear that you will >embarrass or humiliate yourself in public, or that you will be >scrutinized harshly by the outside world"
   
I freeze any time I'm introduced to someone. Unless I'm trying really hard to pay attention, there's no way I'll remember their name. People seem to be genuinely offended when I don't. I don't blame them on the one hand, but I don't understand why people don't seem to understand that people forget and it's not personal.
   
I've started to avoid social situations altogether, looking for any excuse to get out of them. My fear of rejection by others has become so intense that I'm paranoid to the point of anxiety even amongst friends. There are some articles stating medications. Advisable to bring it up to your psychiatrist if you want to treat this specifically. The only thing that keeps me sane at work is having a direct superior with ADHD along with another co-worker. It definitely helps to have support if you can get it.   
   
That said, u/BeforeStupidWinds, you aren't lazy, but a lifetime of comparing yourself to people who don't share your challenges is skewing your point of view.   Your mind isn't being stimulated. All of us here can't motivate ourselves to do something that doesn't stimulate our minds. It takes more to get us engaged in something. Combine it with impulsivity and you will find yourself starting things but not finishing. I don't know what the fix is, but knowing the cause might help. Adderall. I have also found that Ritalin produces a tremendous confidence boost, a kind of relaxed ease. how are they lashing out, with insults?  you don't deserve verbal abuse just because you disappointed someone in a relatively minor way.  

good people can be assholes sometimes. if your friends are being mean when you fuck up, then call them out on it because that's not ok. 
 *i am not a professional, this is a theory  
The issue with ADHD is there really is no perfect solution to a lot of the problems we face daily. We're right brained thinkers in a world literally designed for left brain thinkers.  
http://www.simplywellbeing.com/a-different-perspective/adhd-right-brained/  
  
These situations are mostly unavoidable, because although yes it is always a risk that we can be caught looking like we're zoned out, that is not sufficient reason to never try to work.     
  
For me, a the negative feelings that come with the symptoms (or people saying we have no drive or ambition) is actually my shame manifesting itself. For example, I lose things. A LOT. The amount of money I've probably spent on replacing things I've lost is a number I'm perfectly content not knowing. To the point where anytime I lose something, or even think I've lost something I have a mini panic attic that can shoot me into some bad emotions which can eventually manifest itself as a meltdown. I could lose something under $3 and be devastated. Why? It's really not that big of a deal, but I've lost so much stuff at this point in my life that it just brings a great deal of stress and shame.. *Another* $3 I shouldn't have had to spend. *Another* item that I just simply cannot place where I last saw it. But what else am I gonna do? If I cry every time I lose something I'm gonna be spending a lot of time crying. So for now, I'm trying out laughing instead.  
  
  
_____  
  
>The problem comes when I go on dates and stuff, I go out with these really great guys who, when the subject of jobs comes up, they don't get where I'm coming from at all, and they'll tell me I have no drive or ambition, which makes my blood boil and the monster within me comes out  
  
Look, I can COMPLETELY understand where you're coming from here. But the fact is, you have ADHD. And that's just your life. Why do you need validation from these guys that you're not actually lazy and have ambition? Come on, you *know* that's simply not true.  >I should be past all this shit.

Should is the actual bad swear word. Things happen as they do. ^^^ yes!! Pain is a teacher. Our brains sometimes take that way too seriously and relive situations, breakups, rejection, painful embarrassing experiences, over and over agian, assuming we might learn something from the pain.

There's an evolutionary reason behind it, but it's helpful to know that you can go "yes, yes brain and animal instincts, that was very painful, but there is nothing more to learn from it, so let's move on to something more pleasant, yes?"

I try *not* to talk to myself a lot but it helps to distance myself from those sorts of thoughts because I mean...it isn't my fault, you know? I'm not torturing myself on purpose, it's literally how our brains and instincts are wired.  Agreed  > how are they lashing out, with insults? you don't deserve verbal abuse just because you disappointed someone in a relatively minor way.

By saying things that most people wouldn't consider insults, but someone with ADHD might. Typical stuff said out of ignorance, stuff I've heard many times before. I'm not trying hard enough, I need to try harder, I have no ambition, et cetera. Which, usually I do my best to shrug it off, because hey, it's not like I haven't been hearing that shit for most of my life. However. If I consider you on a higher level than the general ignorant masses, inside the "circle of trust", however you want to put it, you shouldn't be giving me any of that shit!

> good people can be assholes sometimes.

Wait, what? They can? The entire right brain left brain thing is pseudoscience and a myth > Why do you need validation from these guys that you're not actually lazy and have ambition? Come on, you know that's simply not true.

If it's not true then why are they telling me those things? This is so true. Not everything the mind thinks is worth holding on to. The mind is like an elephant and we are riding that elephant trying to control it. if you were trying your best, then tell them that.  if they care about you, then they should be trying to understand you.  I struggled with punctuality for a while and my friends definitely felt frustrated with me many times.  I sent them some links to ADHD resources which really helped, and they started doing things like giving me "fake" earlier times for events until I got my shit together and started showing up on time.  

that's just one example, but yeah.  some honest communication will help - "I'm so sorry I forgot, my short-term memory isn't the best, could you maybe write things down for me next time?" 

stuff like that. Left vs Right might be psuedoscience. Different hemispheres dedicated to more specific functioning might still be true. Obviously this isn't my professional field, so if you have any evidence to completely throw my theory out the window I'd be more than willing to accept it and learn, but from my understanding this is a topic that's just not definitively known quite yet. >If it's not true then why are they telling me those things?  
  
Well for one, they aren't you.  
You're not crazy. You're dealing with a *real* medical issue. With *real* symptoms. That neurotypicals will *never* quite understand the same as us.  
  
This also does NOT make us inherently weaker, more dumb, or lesser in any way than neurotypicals. Our ability and potential is simply weighted differently. Here is a crude drawing (I am not an artist!) .  
  
  
https://i.imgur.com/SRmAY1Or.jpg  
  
We have the same collective potential. But certain (generalized,) environments were designed BY left brain FOR left brain. For example, public education. It's built to the strength of neurotypicals and to improve their weaknesses as effectively as possible.    
   
Now look at this: http://i.imgur.com/M2bHqBk.png 
  
The left brain is inherently better at seeing the specific details, but not the whole picture. So educators take this into consideration when developing education methods.    
Doesn't it kind of sound like word problems in math?  
The left brain is inherently good at picking up details--but can't see the bigger puzzle that the details form. So in a math problem, they give kids details, and ask for them to develop the bigger picture: Your car gets 20 mpg. You need to drive 60 miles at 55 mp/h. How much gas and how long will it take you?  
    
  
You see, these generalized environments are hard for us because they weren't designed for us. It doesn't mean it's impossible for us to do shit NT's do, but if you go into a left brain activity against someone who's a really strong left brained thinker, of course you're not gonna perform as well..And then shame comes from that, because we feel like we *shouldn't* be so bad.  
  
But do not think just because you cannot perform the same tasks as quickly as a NT that you are a failure, or that you have failed. By definition, failure can only come from **giving up** on something. I might take 5 days to write a paper whereas a NT takes 1. The end result is: we both have a paper. Who failed here, then?
  

  
  > if you were trying your best, then tell them that.

Oh, I have. They come back at me with some shit like, "if you tried your absolute hardest and best then you really have to think about yourself and why this happened." > Your car gets 20 mpg. You need to drive 60 miles at 55 mp/h. How much gas and how long will it take you?

LOL I always hated those things. For good reason probably. You weren't the target audience. :) 60/20 = 3,  60/55 = 1.091 I used to get so frustrated trying to figure those out, I would just write whatever came to my mind in the blanks. I'd write things like "chicken and waffles" and when I got it back there would be an x marking it wrong, followed by a few question marks. 