Used to think my periods were irregular Then I started using a tracker app,  turns out I was just bad at keeping track and my periods are actually super freaking regular lol

Here is the tracker I use if anyone is interested: 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.popularapp.periodcalendar Dude I tricked myself the other way. I always thought that my periods were regular and I was just terrible at keeping track. Then I started tracking them and realized they range from once every two weeks to once every nine. Oops.  Crying laughing right now because same. 

Also this:

- When you stop using the tracker app consistently until it’s so off you eventually give up (and forget about it again)

- spend every single month thereafter wondering “am I late?” three days before it’s actually due. 

- feel like you have PMS for two and a half weeks because time blind. 

I love this post. 
 Me: my depression and anxiety are all crazy and I can’t figure out why it happens sometimes and not others!!
My therapist: it does seem.... cyclical.
Me a year later: ohhhhhhhhh my birth control changed and I actually got a period and now it’s pretty clear I probably have PMDD. Oh man, I'm the same! Except I forget to use the tracking app -.-’ 

I actually bought period undies so I basically don't have to remember, it just happens  Lol same here I thought my periods were a mess - nope! Thank goodness for a tracker app! Recent info: 1 day feb, nothing in March, 1wk April, 2wks May!, 2 wks June!, 1 wk July. 
I was anemic again, lightheaded and weak. Luckily I didn’t have work after June 7! I didn’t even drive myself to the dr. I had been regular for about 4-5 yrs but stress was bad as of last nov. 
I’m convinced that I’m going through some stage of menopause. Hot flashes, trouble sleeping - I am very lucky to have a great dr! She is female and kinda young. She is a great listener! 
Best tip: use a tracker app and make sure your dr listens - it is YOUR body! Make sure they listen to you!  My ex would lose her mind about once a month. I started marking those days on the calendar. No shit every month without fail on the 9th 10th or 11th she would just go right off the handle. She also was quite offended that i was tracking her freakouts, said it was an invasion of her privacy. As if it was kept private. I was never tracking them but I figured they were irregular too! I just had this sense that they weren't regular. Realized later that they totally are. That's such a funny thing to have in common with so many people. I did the same thing when I was with my ex. Every month I thought I was late and pregnant. The panic would set in, and I would tell him what i thought.  Without missing a beat he just hugs me and says you are going to start tomorrow, trust me. Boom, started the next day. I have a tracker now too. Lol  Your uterus is working fine but your brain'll need to come out! There was a study done that found that some women with ADHD do have irregular periods until medication. Lol. This is exactly why I didn't kno i was pregnant til I was 8 weeks on. Ha ha At least I got ONE gift of "surprise" from my ADHD 😊 Holy shit relatable My lack of a menstrual cycle makes me feel like I'm missing out on half the funny stories of life. 😞 I also used to think my periods were irregular, then my ex boyfriend made a comment and I realized he was tracking my periods and apparently I would always get my period in the middle of the month. Go figure.  😂😂😂 same here! Same! Then I started birth control. Now they’re irregular. Fuck... I’d always remember what day of the week I got my last period (i.e. on a Wednesday) but not the specific date so I’d be worried for like a whole week that I’ll get my period soon I used that app stuff, have reminders in my phone for my pill I got an IUD in addition for god sakes, still get suprised when I get monthly spotting/crying/irritability  [deleted] I mirrored one of my college roommates so well I had her cycle but kept mine. 2 per month is no way to live! I love how my tracker tells me when it's close to time. I don't always realize that my current symptoms are PMS. Although I realize the moods and pain. It's nice when I get that notification so I can realize that it's "normal monthly psycho" and I am not going crazy.  Same! Hahahaha same happened to me😂 Ha! I used a tracker and it turns out I’m more irregular than I thought. My period seems to be more ADHD than I am.  I use Clue... when I remember to. It's a really nice app! In addition to tracking a bunch of different symptoms, it has a ton of information in case you didn't get a good sex education. And it consistently uses gender-neutral language. Me too 😂  My periods looks a lot like commas when I was little. But with practice I can get them pretty round My body is great at letting me know before it happens, but I've been getting nervous and wasting pads thinking that it's coming. (I spend a lot of my work day driving clients to appointments, doing home visits, etc., so I can be away from a bathroom for hours at a time) I also like data so I'm going to try this and track just for the heck of it. Thanks!! i thought mine were regular before i started keeping track.  turns out they often ranged anywhere from 23 to 60+ days  LMAO  I just realize I was doing this too, OP.  I always knew mine were like clockwork. It’s actually the easiest way for me to keep in mind the passage of time I'm exactly the same way. Fitbit also now has a period tracker on its app too. It definitely helps a lot.  Me too hahahah

turns out I can be completely surprised by something that happens every 28 days exactly... I didn’t even get a period last month. My body fat is too low and I think it’s from Strattera killing my appetite. :/ [deleted] Oh jeez. Same 😂😂😂  [deleted] I did this in high school big time. Range was anywhere from 14 days a cycle to 38 days. And my cramps were so bad I fainted once. But birth control makes you a slut so I wasn't allowed to have any 

¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯

Edit: spelling I used to have an FWB who would, every month, send me a "I'm 4 [or 5 or 6] days late taking a test tomorrow"-text and it scared the living shit out of me every time because I was young and thought periods were supposed to be like clockwork.

I then later found out they weren't that regular but didn't realize how much it could vary until my ex threw a "When you're going out can you buy a pregnancy test, I'm 2 weeks late, nothing out of the usual but I'd like a test just in case" at me.

I don't know how you girls do it, I'd be shitting myself every month thinking i had gotten pregnant for using a towel that was once used for drying off semen or from sitting on a toilet seat or something else not even remotely possible. [deleted] I love my app because I don't have to do anything.  If I do forget it just assumes I started/ ended like normal and keeps going.  If I didn't I can always adjust the dates  Same. Hubs got the snip so at least I get to skip the heart attack part now. :) Lolllllll at the time blind piece 😂😂😂😂 Number 2 is why I started period tracking. Teenage me would freak out because she thought her period was late, even though the last one was only two weeks ago. 

I’d also get super upset because my stomach was randomly huge, only to figure out that it was period bloating a day later. 

And my doctor kept thinking I had irregular periods because I could never remember when my last one was with more certainty than “I think I had one last month?” But once I started tracking I realized I’m actually super regular.

So yes. Tracking is good. Ha same - even pulled out my tracker for a told-you-so reveal of why i was being a btch. Nope, not pms, just me! We laughed so it was an okay fail.  I know my period is coming when my anxiety sky rockets lol I used to log self harm as a “don’t break the streak” way of quitting (I did it, go me) and I looked at it and noticed that the times I cut were mostly clustered into the span of one week per month. Whoops! I never remembered to use the tracker until Fitbit added one to their app. Since I already check that app fairly frequently, I actually remember to log it (at least the start and end).  Man aren’t period panties a blessing? I’ve got a bunch from the Lion’s Den near me that always has them on sale and I just throw them on for the last week or so of the month just in case. My BC has *much* lessened my periods- I either have a super iffy day or so of on-off oozing or nonexistant save for wanting to sleep my life away- but the period panties are so great. I use an app called My Calendar, it really uses its self.  If I forget to press that my period has started it just assumes I started/ ended like normal.  Also let's me know when i'm ovulating  What? Share more info Ha, my favorite response from a doctor: “well, the hormones are just fluctuating more.  Let us know if it keeps happening”

This was in a follow up after I ended up in the ER thinking my appendix had burst.  Now that I know that it’s my cycle, (and it happens every other to every third month) I basically just take ibuprofen and lie still for 3-4 hours until the pain reduces.  This is inconvenient when you have plans, but, you know, let them know if it keeps happening and they’ll do some more nothing. I totally understand. Without birth control about a week before my period I get all sobby and I'm a giant crying angry mess. I don't lose control, it's just much easier for me to get angry at something which causes me to get frustrated and cry. Then I'll get my period and the mood swings will go away and I'm like....huh, no shit. So like every month this happens I act totally surprised because I always forget lol Some women are weird about it > No shit every month without fail on the 9th 10th or 11th she would just go right off the handle.

That doesn't make any sense. I am as regular as it gets (27 or 28 days every cycle), but even I don't get my period on the same date every month. Because our calendar is not regular 😅 Some months have 30 days, others 31, and February screws it all up. So slowly you will move up in the days of the month.

Also a healthy period van vary from 21 to 35 or so and a lot of women aren't as regular. So for most people the days of the month thing would work even less so. Being "regular" does not mean get your period on day X of every month, it just means your cycle length is roughly the same amount of days every month. 

Apart from that, how your SO responded will have to do with your delivery and your relationship and communication as well, so hard for us to say if it was unreasonable. You don't come across as a very patient or compassionate guy in your comments on this thread... Hahaha my husband was the same,  he had a better idea than me.  We had one oopsie already so it makes me extra paranoid Only if I can get an upgrade lol That's really interesting,  that isn't the case for me,  but definitely interesting.  Do you have a source for that? Yeah, like for me I can go 50+ days without having a period, and then I get a period from the deepest depths of Hell. It's delightful, let me tell you Ooh, I'd really like to see that one!  Starting meds soon and I’ll see if this is true!  Omg, I'm reading all these, and thinking "Maybe my periods weren't so irregular.  Maybe I was forgetful!".  Then I read yours and was like "AHA!“.  Because I didn't know until 10 weeks, lol.   I could do without the funny stories,  definitely not worth it. I was lying awake last night with such bad back pain and cramps I couldn't sleep.  Combine that with the insomnia and anxiety You’re also missing out on period cramps and feelings of utter rage and despair. It evens out. I take Depo Provera and haven't had a period in like 4 years. I feel like I'm out of the club sometimes. But damn it is good to not have to deal with it. I had no cycles for about 6 years. It was the best and I miss it ALL THE TIME. The stories aren’t worth it for me.  I had a dream last night I was pregnant and going into labor. Turns out it was just cramps that woke me from a sound sleep. =/  Haha I don't get reminders. Just when I feel like i'm being crushed under the weight of anxiety and poor self esteem I check my app and would you look at that! Pms I get signs too, but I like the confirmation haha.  Mine also tells me when i'm ovulating so hubby and I can be extra careful  Might I suggest a menstrual cup? Can be in for 12 hours and no wasted products if you want to wear it just in case.  I guess in theory you could wear it all the time if you felt so inclined.  And no smell/leaks if you can't get to a bathroom Holy crap that's a huge difference! Haha didn't think it would be this common I want an IUD but i'm afraid of the pain lol i'm a weenie


I love my menstrual cup! Periods don't have to be regular to be healthy,  fyi. And I said I track them.  I use an app. >  But birth control makes you a slut so I want allowed to have any

They really need to hire a PR company.

Try the new "menstrual cramp fixer pill^TM approved by the FDA\*"

*Side effects include inability to get pregnant. Man, mine were regular, but only 4 days, and day 2 was so deathly. I would also faint. I even fainted walking down the stairs....

My school nurse just knew my face. I would come to school, perfectly fine, but by the end of P1 I would feel like crap, get super shaky and nearly faint. So I'd go to the nurse's office and sleep. I even once threw up sideways lying down. Great time.

This has nothing to do with ADHD though. I also had a terrible time with my period and wasn't allowed birth control because then I'd start having sex.  I really enjoyed the extra years of excessively heavy periods that caused me to faint but stopped as soon as I found the right birth control.  And the migraines that arrived as soon as my period felt like showing up. Worst thing in the world in High School was not being allowed to have ibuprofen with me.  My
Mom had to bring it to me.  (It was impractical to leave it with the nurse, because they would force you to take it on a schedule, and that’s just not how this stuff works) These days I take it every 4 hours the first two days.  Back then, i could only get it once mid-day at school, and God help us all if the cramps started up for the first time when I’d already gotten to school.

I remember squirming in my chair, shaking, just hoping I didn’t black out.  Ugh! I had the opposite problem: want birth control for sex because you’re being pressured into it? Nope sorry none for you, too bad if you lost the battle and did it anyway. Suddenly, PMDD is a thing and *poof* now I’m allowed birth control... 🙄 You and I had parents who heard the same line of BS. I fainted and had to leave school a BUNCH. But meds? NOPE NOPE NOPE. “Ain’t no one slutting around in this house!” Me too! But my mom suffered the same and got me some BC with the warning, “Don’t tell anyone. Boys will get the wrong idea about you.” Sorry you had to go through that! :(  They shouldn't even call it birth control because most people don't take it as contraception but to make their periods regular 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 Ugh, never forget the times my general doctor and my dermatologist recommended birth control when I was 15 and my mom shot that down immediately because she thought it would make me have sex.  I have pregnancy nightmares because of this exactly.  Being two weeks late is insane. Once you hit 27 or so they should be regular. I have a panic attack when my period is only 4 days late. Mine never comes at the same time but there’s only a variance of 2-3 days.

 Nah, I don't have any other symptoms of it. I did have a lot of issues with vitamin deficiencies that may have thrown my cycle out of whack, though. 
 Which one do you use? Ive used a couple of them, but never found one that worked quite the way I wanted it to. Though I think Flo will send you a reminder on the predicted start date. 

Plus, when should you actually say it started? Pre spotting brown blood? Bright red blood? I have an IUD and I think it acts like a dam sometimes because it’ll be nearly nothing for two days and then bam! The Crimson Flood attacks.  I'm glad to hear that worked for you I started getting symptoms of painful bladder syndrome months ago and was getting super paranoid about cervical cancer or something,  took me till last month to realize it was a new PMS symptom lol That’s exactly how it seems. Like every month women just forget this happens. Like hasn’t this been happening to you, every month, since you were 12 or younger? Lol Well I only followed it for maybe 4 months. Cause she lost it on me for tracking it. Perhaps it was reasonable for her to freak out at me. The point is that it always happened at the same time every month.  :) The statement above is one I can get behind! I'm sorry. 😞 I tried one of these and it didn’t want to stay in.  Maybe it was the wrong kind but they’re kind of expensive to play roulette with getting one that works.  they've all been between 27 and 34 this year, but i envy people who can know exactly when they're going to get their period months ahead Right? I’m also shocked!!  This is so true! They need to add some other mundane ingredient and re-package the whole thing.  They’ve done that with Wellbutrin for binge eating and for cigarette smoking, why not this? Don't quote me but I think that's how it was originally marketed. I remember hearing something like that on NPR.  I love this Yes! Relevant username I'm glad you are free to take meds that you should have had a right to take in the first place. Young people under the age of 18 do not have the rights that they should have.  I hope this fear of BC pills etc. ends with the generation that restricted these needed meds.   Before I started birth control I skipped a whole month once. Supposedly the anxiety and stress could’ve put it off longer after it was initially late. 

It was pretty regular up until that point and I’m not entirely convinced I wasn’t pregnant but it just wasn’t viable or something. Keep in mind that there are medical reasons that they won't be regular for some people regardless of age. (Endometriosis and many others.) This one: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.popularapp.periodcalendar

I go from nothing to satan's waterfall,  so I say it starts when I start bleeding The clue app is also awesome, it has a really clean UI and tons of options for tracking different things. I've been using it for the past 2 years. [Google Play Link.](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.clue.android) Red blood. Brown spotting doesn't count. 

(going through infertility treatment right now, so I'm hyperaware of this stuff.) =P  Try out Clue, if you haven’t already! It’s perfect for us ADHD ladies- simple and sleek and didtraction-proof. No ads either. I thin you’re getting downvotes because your comment is similar to “how do people with adhd not remember they have adhd? Like haven’t you had it your whole life? Just remember to write everything down and be mindful and self aware 24/7!”  Bruh i forget what day it is like at least once a week and I've been on this earth my whole life, 365 days per year.. Don't be so condescending, this is the ADHD subreddit after all. We're friends here  1) no, my PMDD didn’t get crazy till I’d had my period for 6 years.
2) it’s not clockwork - and it doesn’t happen every month for everyone
3) in your 30s, or earlier, things can start to get wild at ovulation time as well.   If your periods are already not precise, good luck knowing when ovulation is going to be.  You can be in full blown PMS symptomatically and then suddenly rally for a day or two with no period, then the real PMS starts.
4) your feelings are your feelings.  Unless you are extremely self aware, an overreaction to something can catch you off guard, and you’ll think it’s the situation rather than you, until you look at the calendar - but if things aren’t regular and it could really go either way, then you’re stuck in a quandary of “do I wait and see if the period arrives and I feel better, or do I take action?”  The wait and see approach could mean two to three more weeks before you know what’s up.  

So, basically, yes, it happens for a good portion of our lives, but that doesn’t necessarily mean we can set our watches by it. That's what my husband asks me! I feel like I must be either very forgetful or really really optimistic that it won't be as bad as last month, or the month before, or every damn month for the past 24 years. ADHD and self awareness, right? :p Pms wasn’t always there for me. I feel like it’s getting worse with age. Started for me around my 30s.  It's not clockwork. It doesn't run on a regular calendar cycle. It's not like I know "it's the 19th of August so I'm starting". Some months your body might give you a good warning with cramps, swollen breasts, emotions so you know it's coming. Other months it can be a big surprise.

As a guy, imagine you are going to facet but instead you get surprise diarrhea. In the middle of Math class. Yeah, it was completely unexpected. But now you have to rush to clean up and get back to regular routine because you don't get to take time off regardless of how much pain you are in.

Add to that: our bodies are sensitive to other females in our lives. You might switch and have a period every time your sister, roommate, best friend, etc has hers. Anybody you spend lots of time with. You might end up with a synced cycle. Or you keep your cycle and have one with them also. Oh that's tons of fun.

Tracking definitely helps. But even so you can be surprised.  It's your body's revenge on you for not being pregnant. I'm personally on birth control for a little over a year. And eventhough those magic pills control my hormonal imbalance which takes place during my whole cycle, it's not perfect like every other medicine, of course it may fail time to time. But whether you're on birth control or not, those hormones will act instead of you. I sometimes wish that people who don't get periods would get just the tiniest of fracture of what people who get periods would suffer from. It's not that we forget, it's just another round of "This shit again?" since we're *12 or younger*. It's all good. I'm terrified of labor so it was actually a relief to wake up to just cramps. =) They usually come in two sizes,  so you might have had the wrong size.  Also if you dont get it high enough and establish suction it will slide down That's an improvement at least.  Have you thought about or tried BC to regulate? Would they even have to add ingredients? Couldn't they just slap on a new name? While it shouldn’t be as hard as it is, this is why planned parenthood is so essential. 

It will give young women bc pills without parental involvement, and charge on a sliding scale down to zero for purple who can’t send it through insurance because of parents or abusive spouses.  I once didn’t have a period for an entire year.

I was also a virgin so I was pretty sure it wasn’t a pregnancy thing. But it got to the point after a couple months where I was so used to *not* having a period that my ADHD ass managed to somehow forget that periods were a thing I should be having, so it lasted way longer than it should have because I kept forgetting I needed to see an OBGYN. Thank you! I love Clue!! Seriously everyone I talk to about it probably thinks I’m shilling it because I can’t stop raving about it- but it’s such a great app and I honestly can’t believe it’s free I don’t mind the downvotes lol. Maybe I am just more self aware than most. I don’t forget about my ADHD, I am quite aware of it any time anything needs my attention. I am also hyper aware of my emotions, and question then every time they change or don’t fit the situation. 

Meditation, It’s great for self awareness, but quite difficult for a person with ADHD.  THIS I ovulate irregularly despite a regular cycle, I will have a melt down that day and be hella confused why I'm so upset until I notice the egg white cervical mucus and it hits me. It has only been happening for maybe 6 months. My PMS now includes nausea as well which causes freakouts about it being morning sickness.  Mine is definitely getting worse.  I now get symptoms like painful bladder syndrome  around 2 weeks out and nearly debilitating cramps.  Woohoo And stress or life changes can mess it all up too. Then as you age and hormones make slight changes, it isn't necessarily the same as it used to be.  I just wish women could accept it about themselves. Some women do. Some admit quite freely that they are being emotional/hormonal, others blame everyone else and are offended when you suggest that they are just going through their moon time. I've thought about it, but I haven't looked into it much.  I can usually feel that it's coming the day before so I'm not usually caught super off guard.  I’m not sure if they can - they can expand the on-label uses, but I don’t know that they can completely change what they call it. But they do abortions! We can't have that! 

At least that's my states opinion. Nevermind proven studies showing access to contraceptives and quality sexual education go way farther in preventing unwanted pregnancies and thus abortions than just defunding those who do them.... Which is what pp is very much for. Plus the other wellness programs they do like pap smears and mammograms and checks for prostate and testicular cancers.... I think the only thing about my period is that it makes me go oh, yeah, not pregnant. So forgetting while you weren’t having sex makes a kind of sense to me. Np! It's also not like it's something we look forward to. And since it's not regular it's not like we can say "yep, 12 days from now I'm definitely going to start".  Believe me, even if we don't want this, we're accepting it, because it's a harsh truth that we have to suffer every month. But sadly, whatever I'm gonna write here will just fly away in front of your eyes, so I'm just gonna suggest you to get some REAL knowledge on all period things; PMS, the bleeding, which hormone does what etc. After that, come here and try to tell us something.

PS: I'm sorry about this shade but, if your current/future girlfriend sees this, let her know that I'm deeply sorry for what she's going through. Not the period, though, you know what it is. [deleted] They can: Wellbutrin is the name for buproprion for depression and stuff, but it's something else for smoking.  Yeah, I’m on hormonal bc pills now, so I have a regular schedule that definitely would make it hard to ignore a missed period.

It didn’t help that I always had *super* light periods before. Most times I would *maybe* have a little spotting on one day and one or two mild cramps, but I could mostly tell I was on my period based on mood changes and back acne lol. So going from insignificant periods to no periods was barely a change at all. But can you not logically know that you are being overly emotional? My current gf has no problem pointing it out to me. She doesn’t fly off the handle at little things even tho she wants to. But she knows that freaking out over something little is not helpful. She freely admits when she thinks her period is coming. I am just saying that some women act as if every month is a new experience that they have never faced before. And as a man, it can be pretty frustrating when it’s plainly obvious, and we take the brunt of the emotion.  But because you have to suffer, does that mean you should make others suffer with immunity? With complete lack of self awareness and denial of these basic functions? Like i said, some women are aware and accepting, others blame others and refuse to accept that they are being hormonal. I refuse to date people who lack self awareness to such a degree.  Not blaming them. Just their biology. 

I can explain the reason for the $0.25 tampons. I used to work for a rec centre that originally gave them away from free. Just pull the handle and one would drop out. Problem was that they were getting stolen. Constantly they would fill the machine and the next day they were all gone. So they then set them up to cost a 25 cents. Of the 50 the machine held, maybe 5 a day were used. I agree that they should be free. But companies are not going to supply them at the rate that they can go missing. There should free tampons or you get money back at tax time with your tampon receipts, or both.   Does your GF have ADHD? Sometimes we know, sometimes when life is busy you may not be very self aware.  [deleted] [deleted] I mean, if you are flying off the handle, how is that not obvious? Like you would know you did later at least right? After putting in the thing so you could pay, we had a sign posted explaining why and that if they needed one they could get one at front desk for free. I am sure they are used. But i am also sure that many women weren’t just taking one. And likely someone was taking many more.  

And i agree with having such a law. But until then, business is business. Management is always looking to cut costs. And my management was all, female. Right up to the CEO. 

We also had a problem with people stealing the shampoos and other shit. We had to start bolting shit to the wall with locks so they couldn’t pull them down and fill a bottle.  [deleted] Don’t tell me. I just did as i was told. If it was up to me we wouldn’t have even had the things. Always getting broken and i had to fix it. 