Does having a pet as an adult help you combat your ADHD? I'm almost 21 and going into my third year of college this fall. I live by myself in a one bedroom apartment, and I've been considering getting a cat. I've always wanted a cat and I feel like having a cat (or just something to care for in general) would make me an overall more orderly and responsible person. 
I, like many of us here, have extreme difficulty keeping up with laundry, keeping a tidy room, and keeping a personal schedule. However this summer I've had to go back home and live with my family and their new dog, and while I've been here I've noticed I'm a lot better about keeping my room neater so the puppy can come in whenever she wants, I'm getting up in time to feed her when I'm home alone in the mornings, and I generally feel just more put-together.
I'm wondering if this is just because I'm not the sole caretaker of the dog and it's such a small amount of responsibility, or if it really is helping me combat the symptoms of ADHD.
Has anyone else noticed becoming better at managing yourself because of owning a pet as an adult? I just want to hear perspectives of other pet owners with ADHD before I commit to owning an animal. Thanks!!

**TL;DR** I'm 20, I want to get a cat bc I love cats and taking partial care of my family's dog this summer has made me feel more responsible and orderly and I want to know if any ADHD pet owners experienced the same thing when they got a pet.
 Yes, having a dog helps me a LOT. I think it’s because it’s easier for me to love her and care for her than it is for me to love and care for myself. She doesn’t always get a lot of walks, which is technically okay since she is a senior, but i would like to give her more. Trying to walk her on a regular basis is an incentive to manage my time better, and also helps me out by getting me moving. 

I would also never let her water bucket get empty, and i would never forget to feed her. Id forget my own head before forgetting to care for her needs. So caring for her gives me something i can feel good about, which helps get a positive trend going and furthers my productivity a lot of the time. 

If you aren’t sure about pet ownership, you can always try it out by fostering a cat for a local animal rescue. You will basically keep the animal until it is adopted (unless it’s not working out, and you can pass it along to another foster if you need to- happens all the time). Maybe even by you, if it works out well :) I’m about to foster a dog for a local animal rescue. My dog loves other dogs so I am hoping they can be pals until he is adopted. I have a nice big fenced in backyard so they can play! I’m planning to provide him some basic training to make him more adoptable. So that’s another way of doing something “fun” that is also “productive.” 

TL;DR: yes, pet ownership has helped me a LOT. But ymmv, so maybe try it out first by fostering.  I find having a pet does help because you NEED to be in a routine in order to keep this living thing alive... it's always in the procrastination urgency stage and it translates into your other tasks because it keeps you moving and on your toes!! Not living with a pet these past few months has shown in my school work, I'm still doing well since I established a gym routine and things like that but I find I am slacking a little more. for me, it's the same thing with owning Dogs, Cats, and Rabbits but I cannot speak for any other animals (plus, they're just great companions.) It does not help ADHD.  It does help your mood.  

Source: I've rescued 6 cats

Warning: cat hair adds a lot of headache I got 2 cats at your age, I'm 34 now and still have one of them but the other died last year. They've helped my mental health SO MUCH. 

As far as taking care of them, I do have routines for doing things like scooping the litter box and doing my dishes right before I go to bed. So that has helped me. 

As far as feeding them...cats generally aren't going to let you forget about that. 

I think the most benefit for me has been general mental health. My cats have gotten me through some tough times and they are always the bright spot even when other things are shitty. Me: what do you want, do you want a treat?

*get up, move stuff to trash, realize trashcan is full, take trash out, come back inside*

pup: *stares* BARK (GET ME MY TREAT)

Me: Oh yeah, I'm sorry. Think long and hard about this. I have memories of cat hair and the smell of cat shit drifting all over my house. Having a pet can be wonderful, but I'm honestly happier to no longer have the added responsibility. I have kids, which is a different level of responsibility (and there's another parent who is amazing at getting them where they need to be), but the cats we had always seemed neglected, and I wouldn't do it again. my pet helps combat my anxiety more than anything else Cat would probably be better than Dog...  I only like owning dogs I get from a puppy...and I that is because they adapt to me having ADD so they are just as happy to cuddle on the couch all day instead of going out to play.  They are happy when I forget to fill the dog bowl because I'll just share my snack with them.  I have to remember to fill their water...but they learn to speak to me with their eyes and actions.. my last dog was damn near telepathic.

All that to say,  a dog is a great companion and will make you feel better about your self just with that companionship.  Great for anxiety or depression.

A cat is pretty self sufficient, especially if you have a cat flap on the door.  But they are insistent on you doing things for them, and if you don't they will annoy you in one way or another until you fix yourself.  They will pee in corners if you don't clean the litterbox, they will meow at you until you feed or water them, they don't require walks outside, and when they are cuddly they are SUPER cuddly.

Then again... the best cat I ever owned acted like a dog...he was a bit mentally challenged...but that made him amazing.  He was born from another cat I owned, so I raised him from a kitten...and he developed the same quirks that my puppies do.  Being damn near telepathic in telling me what he wanted and understanding what I needed from him. Personally I would wait until you finish college to get a pet. Please keep in mind any expenses associated with a pet. Almost all apartments (in my experience) make you pay a pet fee, since you specified you are living in an apartment. I don’t know about your situation but I know many people in college that get pets then can’t afford to take them to the vet when they get sick or etc. I also know of people who get a pet during college and then when it comes time to move or go home for the summer they don’t have anywhere to keep their pet.  My dogs make it worse.  I didn’t want dogs since I grew up with them but my wife really wanted a dog so I gave in.  Now we have two.  I love them and sometimes they force me to go do stuff in a good way, but most of the time I just feel bad for ignoring them and trying to work and get distracted.  Between walking them, playing with them, taking them places, feeding and bathing and grooming, its a big chunk of time out of my life.  YES times a million. Me and my boyfriend (he’s also adhd) actually have ten pets 😅😅 We have two parrots, two cats, two dogs, three water turtles and one tortoise. 

They help us both in so many ways:

1. Caring for them requires sticking to a somewhat consistent schedule, which naturally I’m really bad at but because I know caring for them is a MUST DO, I don’t put it off because the importance of it is enough motivation for me. 

Having a schedule that’s required of me provides a sort of structure to build the rest of my life and priorities around, so I actually get my housework done pretty regularly, along with personal hygiene, etc. 

2. They help with depression big time. Each of them has their own way of helping me out when I’m feeling depressed, whether it’s being super sweet and cuddly and helping me smile or making me laugh my ass off because they’re doing something ridiculous.

3. They’re great for calming anxiety. Especially my cats. They’ll actually come and massage my stomach sometimes when I’m really anxious, as if they somehow know that I’m feeling that way, and it’s like a deep tissue massage and it feels like it physically calms my body down significantly which helps my brain calm down  IMO pets are a lot of work - I got a dog and I really underestimated how much work it is to take care of her. Lot of nights without sleep, had to miss work, stress etc...it can ver overwhelming.

WOULD NOT recommend if you are not in a good place. Also, ADHD people tend to get tired of the novelty. Are you gonna get rid of your dog like you did with your previous hobby etc? Seriously give it a lot of thought! Hellllllll no w/ dog, it depends w/ cat. I start getting into the groove of work then GUESS WHO WANTS OUT- the dog. Of course. But it's so hot she can't stay out more than a couple minutes, so, it's best if I walk around with her instead of going inside and getting distracted and forgetting she's outside and needs back in, etc. With the cat she's either going to get attention or she's going to fuck the house up- seriously. 

Another thing is you're 20. You're young. It's a LOT of responsibility. You have no idea what life holds in the next few years (I damn sure didn't, and it hit me like a brick) and an animal isn't a short term commitment, it's long term. For that animal's sake, please don't right now. Wait until you're a bit older and more stable in life. Volunteer at the local humane society or shelter for a pet fix.  Getting any pet is a huge responsibility. But I do feel like having bunnies has helped me manage my ADHD better. I have to keep my floor clean to keep my stuff safe from being chewed. Bunnies don’t need to be taken outside like a dog, but I do need to keep a consistent schedule for feeding them, changing their water, cleaning their litter box, letting them out to play. You really have to be tuned in to their behavior to understand what’s normal for them and what’s not, since they hide pain and illness. Also, they pretty much act like toddlers... Very mischievous and always trying to get into stuff. Other than that, they’re fairly low-maintenance and have definitely been a positive influence on my mood and ADHD. Assuming you can afford care/vet costs/maintenance. Then yes.   


A cat will announce what it needs if you forget one of its needs so theres little risk in forgetting to feed it. Or you can set alarms for it (in case you have to rush your mornings).   


Other than that,  I personally find pets of any kind a very good low-energy consuming distraction. Something that I can focus on without trashing my room first, because I suddenly get this spark to paint. Its there, I can pet it, till either I or it get sick of it and I can go back to whatever I was doing. When I have no concentration power left, pets help me find some zen in that brainfog.  I love my cat to pieces and would highly recommend one, but no, she has no effect on my ADHD. 

I suggest adopting an adult cat. Kittens don't have problems getting adopted but adult cats really struggle. I also suggest becoming a cat foster before committing permanently to pet ownership. You provide a loving home for a cat to live on a temporary basis. Its a pretty low-level commitment. Cats can be in foster car for a variety of reasons, a lot of times it's to recover from a mild illness, wait for a non-emergency medical  procedure (like dental surgery), because there isn't room at the shelter, or just to give them a break from the shelter (cats don't do well in shelters - too loud and busy). Most of the time, if you love the cat and want to keep him/her, you get first dibs on adoption. Most of the rescue organizations in your area likely have a foster program. You can call or search online.  A bit? I originally got my cat because I was incredibly lonely and depressed when I started being on my own and trying to make being an adult happen. My place was still a wreck but I felt less like wanting to die all the time and he was very needy and clingy, so he gave me something to fuss about so I wasn't stuck thinking about how depressed I was. He was a life distraction. Keeping him healthy and alive stopped me from getting stuck in thought circles. He would wake me up several times a night trying to sleep on my face, I would overfeed him and then I had to put him on a diet etc. It was easier to troubleshoot his emotional and physical issues than my own, in a funny way. "Oh he's lonely, he needs a 
friend." "Oh he's pooping in  the bathtub, he's mad at me." "Oh he's throwing up, gotta take him to the vet" "he's got food anxiety, I should get him a timed feeder"

It's been 8 years, he and I. He is 11 or so now, he has a chronic respiratory infection and is on five different rotating medications to manage his symptoms. I'm very scared of his mortality and sometimes he tries to be affectionate with me but his breathing sounds ragged and I can't keep him close to me because I want to cry which makes me feel even worse because I feel like the worst pet owner in the world pushing away a sick cat that wants to be held

My husband gives him a lot of attention and the other cat does too. It's a lot of conplicated feelings. But I love him and I will always make sure he is fed and happy and his box is clean and I will happily pay thousands on thousands of dollars in vet bills because he kept me alive when I wasn't sure I cared to stay that way **TW: Sad**

As long as I'm not the only one keeping this thing alive... then yes. 

But I will never have another pet alone. I won't ever be able to forgive myself for completely forgetting that I had a hamster and well... you can figure out the rest. 

I refuse to take sole responsibility for another living thing ever again. It's not fair. I will only have animals with someone else and only if they agree to take them if we ever break up.

It might be different with a cat or dog or something that is free to roam around the house and leave if they need to but personally, I won't risk it.  I wouldn't say that it helps my ADHD but it sure is comforting to focus on a pet that is showing you affection and love. If anything it helps me forget for a limited amount of time how stressful life is with ADHD Have a cat and dog.  I’ve had Kato (the cat)  since I was 13 (almost 30 now).  She taught me that’s it’s important to take care of myself with plenty of rest, feeding myself regularly and demanding a clean environment.

That became habit; and then corduroy entered the scene when I was 22. He taught me what it was like to raise a child.

As an adult, of two things I am sure: I know that I am fully capable of caring for myself and my environment, and that I will never be able to handle the intensity of human offspring, considering the struggle it was to care for a puppy through a single year of development.

They’re also great company, which is amazing because I find most people exhausting.

If you have the finances and the time, I highly recommend it. I’m 21, ADHD, and just finished my third year of college! I got my cat in March of my second year, and he’s seriously changed my life. He’s my best friend, my registered anxiety support animal, and he definitely keeps me accountable. I find I’m a lot better at sticking to his routine than my own, because I know that if I don’t do something for myself, I’m the only one who it impacts, but if I don’t do something for him then I’ll be impacting him and for some reason that’s super motivating. I thought he would help me keep my room cleaner, but he’s never been one to eat my stuff, so that didn’t really change, but oh well. He gets me up in the mornings and always makes me smile and laugh, and he’s done wonders for my stress. If you do end up getting a cat, one thing I did that I feel helped a ton was take him everywhere I could when he was still a little baby. He’s super friendly and attached to me now, and I really do think it’s because he got to see so much as a baby. Good luck finding your new best friend, please post pictures if you end up getting a cat, I’d love to see them!  Whether they help your ADHD or not cats are fantastic. I've had fish, and generally had a hard time remembering to clean tanks, but my cat litererally tells me when she needs something. They are also less needy than dogs.

Do it. Get a cat. They are a lot of fun. I would say that having a cat is therapeutic, because I'm never alone and petting/playing with her helps my fidgeting. But I've become so accustomed to her meowing (she's very talkative) that I've become able to tune her out. So sometimes when she's meowing because she needs something, I don't even register it. Luckily, she's not shy about getting in my face and screaming at me. Her litter box is in the spare bedroom's bathroom, so if I'm not careful, I'll forget to clean her box for a few days. Out of sight out of mind, I guess. 

Thankfully, my SO is really good about checking her food and water every morning, so between the two of us, she is well cared for. 

I think if I had a dog it would be different, because they need regular walks and a more regimented schedule. Cats pretty much take care of themselves for the most part. My SO and I aren't home often enough for a dog right now, but I will eventually be getting a service dog for my anxiety. I just have to wait until our lifestyle allows us to properly care for a dog.

But in the meantime, the cat is great to have around. And it does give me a sense of responsibility so I don't spend my "bad" days sulking on the couch. And if I'm too whatever to pay attention to her, she can amuse herself with the millions of toys I've bought her. all my dead fish would tell you no. My dog who is over 12 would tell you yes. I think my dogs help a lot more with my depression than my ADHD. But my babies have improved my quality of life exponentially.  YES! I would highly recommend getting a pet; my dogs & cats are incredible for my anxiety, and I think having someone depend on you is a great motivator to keep things together. If you're just easing into pet ownership, a cat would be PERFECT - and there are so many that need homes, so it's a double positive :)  I would really recommend adopting a cat! I’m 19 and have been living on my own for the last four years with BPD and ADD. I have horrendous ADD but I have over 20 pets (4 cats included) and I must say that despite it, they’ve helped me tremendously. Before then I would just lay for hours on my phone doing nothing but they give me so much motivation to be productive, and I feel so positive afterward. I use to-do lists and the Pomodoro technique every morning to clean all the cages and feed everybody. I certainly wouldn’t recommend getting that many pets but certainly one cat is very low maintenance, and they provide a wonderful friendship. Good luck :) My dog definitely helps a lot, it's great to have a structure to the day, and I actually wish I'd gotten one sooner. I probably would have made fewer bad decisions about how to spend my time.  YES ABSOLUTELY! When I first got my puppy, I was a hot ADHD mess. Within months, I found myself naturally having more energy to keep up with my daily tasks. I highly suggest getting an animal to care for everyday.  Well, it helps me, for sure. I have a better morning routine now. However, I am inconsistent in giving affection and playing with them. My cats seem bored and I often can't make myself to want to play with them. I will, but not often enough I think. Be aware that the novelty wears off and that's sad for the cat if (s)he is kept indoors all the time. Also, vet visits need to be planned, and health issues appropriately managed in a timely manner.  It varies from individual to individual, all I can tell you is what my experience is like. I wouldn't dare have a pet if my boyfriend wasn't here to help me take care of it.

I have a cat. The poor guy would probably starve if it wasn't for my boyfriend. And waking up to cat puke in the morning can sometimes throw me off my game to the point where I can't focus on work all day.

He does help with mood a lot, except when my rejection sensitive dysphoria acts up and I feel crushed that he prefers to sit in my boyfriend's lap than in mine, or chooses to sleep on the floor rather than snuggle up next to me in bed (though it is warm, I don't really blame him).  I'm not sure, honestly?

Animals can have such different personalities and needs. 

I love my dog more than anything, but she is such an incredibly easy dog to care for, because she's so sweet and naturally well-behaved.  

I don't think it's made me more responsible because I seriously enjoy caring for her and spending time with her. Taking her on walks, playing with her, brushing her hair, etc is such a joy. It actually distracts me from other obligations. 

It's easy to do things that you want to do. I think part of learning responsibility is learning to do things even if you don't want to. My cat helps me so much. Part of my issue is Insomnia and Parainsomnia. My fat cat comforts me when I can't sleep or am not sleeping well. Having a cat is so important I have a note from my doctor in my leasing agreement for my apartment. I've had my current cat for almost 7 years and I dread the day he is no longer with us. I just love him lots and am grateful to have him now.  having a dog kinda of helps, you need to feed it twice a day, give her water and take her on walks. so yes i need to be routine to do all this. just its a big responsability to get a dog.  OMG having a cat has helped me so much.  I don't know if I am ready to have a dog which requires more work but fuck I love my cat so much and would be more then willing to get another cat.  She reminds me to eat because I mean she needs to eat and reminds me to breath and take time for myself.  She is the sweetest most loving little bee! Chickens! They have to cared for on a schedule and they get you outside gardening and they actually give back with eggs. Yes.  My cats help me in lots of ways.  If I am overwhelmed or anxious due to my limitations I can always go find them and feel better.  They don't give a shit about my ADHD and always are happy to see me - that alone is a nice feeling... a break from all my coping mechanisms to be "Normal".  Also, someone depending on you is nice.  Just make sure to get a pet you can manage... my first pets were 2 rabbits (they were a gift from my SO before we knew anything about rabbits) and holy mother of god it was so much work.  Too much work for me.  Way too much fucking work.  I had them for 9 years before I admitted to myself it was just too much work and I found a loving home for both of them.  

Moral of the story:  Pets are great just make sure you can manage their needs. By the sounds of it: yes and no. It doesn't strictly help ADHD, that's a firm no.

But if you imagine that, without ADHD, you would indeed like the chores and benefits and silliness that comes with caring for a pet? I imagine it would help focus you, as well as be nice for your mood.

But, wirhout ADHD, if you still wouldn't have huge enthusiasm (merely: 'that's be nice, I guess...') for a pet, I'd expect it almost certainly wouldn't help.

That seems to correlate with what others say: how it interacts with your personality, rather than your disorder? I like having a cat. Making sure she’s good on water and food helps. She’s pretty spazzy so I end up chasing her around a lot.  Having a dog or cat also keeps you on a schedule as they know what time it is (somehow) and will let you know when it's food time and that it's time to wake up. I've only overslept a few times ever, and my dog knew I needed to get up and woke me up. very yes. and now that my fur baby is dead, my life has been turned upside down and i'm having to rebuild all of my routines. you don't know how much you depend on them until they're gone. My cat definitely helps me.  He's just self sufficient enough where I'm not fretting constantly if he's ok or not but still requires me to build habits to feed/water and clean up after him.   Otherwise he meow-yells at me.  He makes sure when my morning alarm goes off I get out of bed since I keep my medicine by his treats so he gets one while I take them lol.

Another aspect I have noticed that it is easier to clean with him around.   Like just having another presence near helps keep.me in line and he doesn't distract like a human would in the same case. I have 2 cats and a dog and have had chickens in the past. I'm a huge animal lover. Loved my dogs to bits growing up and I have worked with animals in various ways over the years. I love my pets and they do "force" me to do things when I probably wouldn't otherwise be motivated. But they are honestly a huge source of stress for me in my daily life. I don't know why I'm so different from most people, but the noise, smell, hair, and need for petting really makes me anxious. My dog is chewing on an antler right now and the noise is making me crazy. When he barks, I feel like I'm getting slapped in the face. Sometimes I can enjoy petting them, but mostly it makes me cringe. This is all totally different from when I was a kid and loved giving cuddles and getting licks. And working with animals as an adult, the touching and noise didn't bother me either. Just in my adult house. Possibly because I have some pretty rigid coping mechanisms that they kind of get in the way of. That's usually why my husband and kids start to bother me, is when they mess with my patterns. Anyway, as much as I love animals, I really can't imagine myself replacing these guys when their time comes. I'll just have to find a way to get my critter fix.

Having said that, almost everyone I know feels the opposite way. I had cats in college so it's doable. They can be super low maintenance. Just clean the litter! Our apartment really smelled gross. I'll also echo the recommendation to rescue. There are so many sweet cats in shelters that will not put you through the adorable terror of kitten. Very much depends on the individual person and the type of animal. You have to be able to understand exactly what goes into owning that pet to make it work and be willing to put in that effort. That’s something that goes for anyone, not just people with ADHD. I know neurotypical people who can’t manage anything with a pulse and people with ADHD with their own superbly well-kept menagerie. I’ve either owned or worked with virtually every animal that people can keep as a pet or as livestock, and they each come with their pros and cons.

I have a pet snake and he helps. He’s not high maintenance or expensive at all (I’m in grad school so that’s a must), but he keeps enough of a routine to keep me on track.

EDIT: I will add that keeping a pet in undergrad, especially a dog or cat, is not something I recommend, mostly because your main responsibility should be school, which takes up a lot of time, and pets get very expensive. I used to work in a vet clinic, so I’m very familiar with what happens when people don’t have the time or money to appropriately care for their pet. Wait until you graduate and get a job. Or get a less costly pet. My snake costs $2/week to feed and his annual appointments are $15. Most I can see his expenses going to vet wise is $100. Many other pet reptiles, rodents, insects, fish, and other small exotics aren’t expensive, require less time commitment, but will give you some routine. 

Also keep in mind that your housing right now likely is not permanent and you may risk moving somewhere that doesn’t allow pets in the future. My lease changed on me to include a pet fine. It didn’t apply to reptiles, but I very well could have been put in a position where I’d have to give up my pet.  I absolutely love dogs, and I definitely feel much more responsible and focused when caring for an animal. I have also wondered about this. I feel the same way about getting an animal Sooooo much. I'm about to start law school so I'm not getting my own for a couple more years, but last summer I was a full time Nanny and dog sitter, and I discovered how much better I was at taking care of other people than I am myself. Once I was deep in a depressive episode just lying on the couch crying and the dog started whining because it was time for her walk, so I got up and walked her and ended up feeling much better quickly just because I'd been productive. I think pets are a definite aid to ADHD! I'm 22 and have an 8 year old Norfolk Terrier, and he 100% absolutely helps me keep a routine. Like another commentor said, I would lose my own head before letting him go hungry or without water.  I wouldn't live anywhere I couldn't take my pets , but they've not helped my ADHD in any way. Luckily I have smart guinea pigs who tell me when it's dinnertime.   I’m 25F, I’m a professional nanny and when I get any other job, my life slowly falls apart. My life is way better when I have things to care for because I find that I generally will care for myself better.. whether it be for a role model situation or my cats.. I can keep my cats happy if I’m happy and Vic versa. 

I moved out of my room mates and left my kitters with him on the other side of America about a year ago exactly. I miss them daily but my boyfriend has a dog and it keeps me on my toes.. also having a boyfriend to care for helps but I honestly wouldn’t suggest falling in love with a human and just stick with the cats. You can’t get mad they don’t show the appreciation you deserve because they can’t.. can’t say the same for humans lol This morning I overslept and my cat woke me by clawing my leg, so.. That's a thing? Honestly not really for me. There's a reason my cat has a 1.5L water tower. I'd never let them go without, but I'll admit I'm not the best pet parent. She is very much loved and never goes without love and cuddles and attention, and I guess that's what counts.  i give my dog reverse osmosis water using a 2.5 gallon dispenser jug from walmart 

very nice not having to refill the water bowl. if only i had an automatic feeder that held an entire bag of food... I also believe that fostering may be good. With no experience you are likely to be offered a FIV (feline immunodeficiency virus) cat, adult grump ball cat, senior cat or cat after major surgery to recover for a few weeks. They will cover meds, and sometimes food and litter and you'll be spared hand feeding a kitten.

Dogs may also help cause walking but cats are easier to get allowed when renting. If renting and apartment I  highly suggest a Litter Locker and do that box daily, since walking it to the basement kinda sucks daily.  Yes! My dog was one of the only reasons I would get up in the morning some days. Helps with my scheduling as I know I have to walk him at specific times of the day, feed him, etc. Definitely recommend!  I have always loved having my cat to come home to. He would greet me at the door, and slept with me at night. When I was frustrated and sad, especially when crying, he would be right there with me, snuggling in. My therapist wanted me to try meditating 5 minutes a day, but I had a lot of trouble. I figured out that if I sat with him on my chest, purring while I petted him I could get through the 5 minutes and more comfortably. After 14 years (he was 18) I just lost him a month and a half ago. I miss him so much. After about a month I brought a new kitty home from the shelter. He is affectionate and lovey, and was one of the ones that was having a hard time getting adopted. He was a street cat that got picked into a high volume shelter. He got taken from the high volume to a no kill, but was there for 6 months with almost no interest. He is all black, has FIV (an immune deficiency), is a little raggedy from living on the street. And he was a total spaz. He so wanted to be petted that he couldn't sit still long enough for it to happen. Now he has been here for two weeks. He is happy and lovey. He immediately sprawled out. I don't feed him like clockwork, and sometimes I forget to clean his litter box. But after his hard life, I think he knows how much better things are. So even though neither of us are perfect, I think we are going to be good for each other.

Along with some others, I would also encourage an adult cat in the two to four year range. At that age the shelters can get a better sense of their personalities, and they are no where near as much work as a kitten. Also, be very clear with the shelter people what you live situation is like. There are cats that are more independent and others that are high maintenance. They really want the pets to go to homes, and to find the right match, so they should be willing to work with you. The people where I went understood that there is no perfect pet owner, and that everyone should be a little nervous when adopting a new animal. So they did not judge based on the needs and concerns I had. I actually went back more than once so that we could make sure that we found the best match. If you can, going to a smaller shelter may mean that they know their animals a little better. Also, many shelters (especially the no kills) have a policy that if the animal is not a good match or if something happens and you cannot take care of them any longer, they will take them back at any point. If it is early on and it wasn't the best match, you can try to find a better fit. The shelter where I got mine called to check in on us two weeks in, and are also going to call back in another month. They gave us some food to take home, and were emphatic that if I had any questions we could check in. I don't know, but it's really fun when we both have the zoomies. Having a dog (and chickens and goats, for that matter) helps me keep on top of things. It’s easier to keep to a routine of taking care of the house where I would otherwise get super scattered. They help keep me on track with what needs to be done. 

I know you love cats, but cats kind of take care of themselves. I know a lot of people who are messy and scattered and have a hard time even with the cat because the cat doesn’t care. They don’t rely on you as much as the other animals do.

That said, it’s also harder having a dog in an apartment unless you get a breed that’s good with apartment living. 

Anyway, I hope you find something that helps you.  I have a plant. If it dies then I won’t feel as bad.

¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ Had a puppy for a week but my schedule got so messed up it messed with my brain BAD and I got extremely depressed. I couldnt take care of her so she now lives a happy life af my aunts’ house. 

EDIT: I still feel guilty Does having a cat help my ADHD?

Eh... not really to be honest. Maybe in ways I haven't thought about too much, like he definitely doesn't let me stay in bed too long.

But do I love having that happy, cuddly, (and occasionally shitty) little furball around?

Fuck yes I do, I can't imagine my life without him. I would not get an animal in the hope that it makes you a better person.  If you can take care of one now, that's fine.  If you can't, it would be a recipe for disaster.  

For me, with a dog and three cats, it breaks down kind of like follows.  

Pros: you have companionship and affection and cats and dogs will not let you forget to feed them (which is easy enough forgetting doesn't bother you much).  My poor fish does NOT get fed as consistently as I should.  

Cons: cat and dog hair gets everywhere, which makes you feel worse about cleanliness; regular walking or litter box cleaning is another obligation when you already can't handle the ones you have; they can actually make messes worse because they get into things you forget about (which can trigger a lot of guilt).  

I should mention: litter cleaning is awful, dusty, dirty, and always makes me feel like I need a shower.  When I have a million other things to do, this is not super-helpful to have as a chore.  And keeping a litter box thoroughly clean in an apartment can be difficult.   I have always had cats in my life. I feel a really good bond with them, and they help keep me level. I feel like they are on my level. The responsibility is good too.

Recently moved and have not had a cat for two months. Was going to wait six months for my wife to arrive, but I am getting one next week. 50/50 if I can have one in my rental (lease says nothing, but body corporate want you to get permission). It is a six month lease, 5 to go, by the time they catch me, and if they want to kick me out, I reckon I can fight it till the lease expires.  It's my senior year of college. I'm 22. I considered having a pet for years before I was brave enough to adopt my cat from the shelter this spring. She definitely grounded me more than anything. Coming home to her is still the best part of my day. The most difficult part was having the time to entertain her (since she had the energy of a kitten and over 2 hours of play was not enough). She also helped when it comes down to sleeping because around midnight, she would curl around me and sleep and that was a kind of reminder to go to bed. 

Taking care of a cat vs. a dog (had a roommate with a Husky for over a year) is significantly easier. I loved that dumb dog but he distracted me as opposed to my cat that would just settle for being in my company most of the time. Holy shit but when it came time for the zoomies, she would carry around her toy everywhere, making it super clear that it was playtime. 

If it's routine where you struggle, owning a pet forces you to stick to you. Both dogs and cats will act out and destroy your shit (depending on the individual animals) if you aren't meeting their needs. My cat would start peeing on my laundry if her litter wasn't comfortable (which got me into the cat litter changing routine real fast). 

I'm not sure about you but I feel like ADHD comes with a bit of depression and anxiety  that tends to sneak up on us. Having an animal that needs you and adores you unconditionally is something you didn't know you needed until you've experienced it. 

Cat maintenance is super easy btw. Keep litter box fresh, feed every day (should definitely be at the same time everyday if not twice a day but routine is a must). Keep the water fresh. Ceramic bowls are best compared to plastic (one of the things that I wished someone had told me before I bought both plastic dishes and my cat didn't care for). I'm not sure why but you could look it up.  I think it's a thing. 

Good luck! I hope you find the answer you're looking for.  My dog definitely helped me a lot. Especially through the rough mental illness side of ADHD (ie. being depressed over inability to focus/maintain a schedule/remember things). I think that cats are a better option because they are lower maintenance and will be easier to care for during rough times. Dogs can tend to require more energy which isn’t a regret of mine but just something I wish I thought about more in terms of my mood and schedule. It’s hard but I love her. Followup question: What about having an adult as a pet? Absolutely not. I love pets, I take good care of them, but I’ve had birds and cats and fish and lizards and a dog and I’m really looking forward to when I don’t have all these responsibilities looming over me. 

Animals do nothing to help my anxiety, they make it worse. I spend a lot of time and money on them and now that I’m budgeting a lot more I realize this is money that could have gone a long way towards taking care of myself. 

I love my pets, I really do! I still grieve for the ones that have passed. Small pets don’t have small lives and while I’d probably make a lot of the same choices, pets make my life a hell of a lot harder.  Thank you for the write up. I think you hit the nail on the head describing how you'd care for the animal. I've been contemplating getting a dog for a while now. And I'm going to do the foster care first to try it out.  That said, a dog is a very different experience from a taking care of standpoint then a cat. A dog you have to look out for as they are frankly somewhat useless at self preservation. As oppose to a cat where you can get by doing a lot less, they bathe themselves for goodness sake! I agree. My SO and I have 2 dogs, and they help a lot. Mine will never let me sleep in to much, or miss a meal. Also I find if I'm just spending my day sitting on the couch, they come and bug me for pets attention so they get a walk.  This is exactly why I'm afraid of having a pet. I'm extremely afraid it will die because of me. I'll forget to feed it or do something that causes it to die and I cannot cannot cannot let that happen. Second this so much. I got my cat at 22 and she was a game changer. I needed to get my life together to care for her, and she loved me unconditionally. She waits for me when I get home and is looking for attention/scratches, and she's always there for me if I need someone to be thrilled by just me being present. The purring is incredibly therapeutic too. 

Remember, there's hundreds of pets at your local shelters! Go play with them, find what you're looking for, and give one a forever home!!

Edit: Automatic feeders are a godsend. 
Edit 2: It's easy to be distracted by cute adorable pets looking for attention, so you might need a dedicated pet free study area if you're like me. Looool THIS! It took me dog-sitting my friend's dog to realize that even if I was good at it...

(1) I could and would get distracted, even if it was only for a few mins... and I could imagine that this wouldn't be awesome from the dogs perspective

(2)  I was nervous that there was another life that couldn't talk or go anywhere without me that depended on ME! So, even though I was more thoughtful about my time... it was mostly spent either doing said things with the dog or worrying about said things with the dog
(although I imagine this would ease up if it was my dog and I knew his or her habits)

Overall - I would love a dog or a cat but can't have because failure

Edit: I wrote hers habits and I couldn't leave it there Same. And my depression. Makes me feel less horrible about laying in bed and watching TV when I need to, because I have my cat snuggling with me or playing. Haha my dog is so adaptable too. He communicates entirely with positivity because he knows that's what gets my attention. He never barks or whines. He just silently wags his tail, bows, and spins in circles if he wants my attention, and he'll go back and forth between me and whatever he wants and follow me around if I get distracted, so he can help get me back on track.

And he only does it with me. He knows it drives my (neurotypical) bf crazy, and he's better off just sitting quietly and waiting for my bf to make eye contact with him.

My pupper was already a year or two old when I adopted him, so they don't have to be puppies to adapt to your ADHD ways. His foster mom said he'd just always been a really chill, sweet dog who was just happy to be around his people. Yep I killed the baby chicks.... TWICE.. not allowed to have baby chicks anymore.  This! I'm terrible with fish but am a terrific cat lady. I love the idea of having fish but that's going to have to wait until I am rich and hire someone to take care of them. Fostering is an awesome way to see if pet ownership is right for you. If you’re working with a good rescue or shelter, they’ll provide you with a lot of support around advice, training, veterinary care etc.  Having to check in with them regularly can be a great motivator to keep yourself organized and keep you from getting in over your head.   

Bonus - it’s the best way to figure out what pet fits with your lifestyle. My brother and sister-in-law fostered for a local dog rescue for a couple of years before their circumstances changed. They found it super rewarding to help dogs that had been strays or otherwise neglected come out of their shells and develop into happy, confident pups. In the process they not only helped three dogs find amazing forever homes, but they also found the perfect dog for them. We all absolutely adore her!  

Best of luck to you! It’s true I lose keys everyday, amongst other things, but my pets, I’m ocd with them. I’m extra careful I don’t neglect the, in any way. They live better than most children.  Cats aren’t like fish. Believe me, they will let you know if they’re hungry, or if you forget to empty the litterbox. They’re also very independent creatures and have a way of interacting with you on their terms. It’s not like the bond with a dog, but it’s special in its own way, and it’s very rewarding to watch a cat go from skittish and cautious to trusting and affectionate. 

In my experience, being responsible for another living being is only going to build character, and the desire to treat your companion well only gets stronger the longer they’re in your life.  Also one of those automatic cat water fountains. I always worried about my cat getting enough water because she didn’t like to drink from her bowl (she prefers drinking from a glass) and it’s awful to realize that you’ve forgotten to fill the cat’s water. 

Your cat will remind you to feed it, but if it’s like my cat it will remind you whenever it THINKS it needs food not when it actually does.  That sounds really beautiful. I think.. When I get my own place, I might just try taking care of a pet. Thank you. :) 
 A word of advice. Go to a shelter and look at older cats, at least 2+ years. They’re much lower maintenance than kittens, have their “destroy everything... for science!” phase out of the way, and are usually fairly stable in personality and needs. It’s easiest if it was a cat that grew up around people- old feral or semi-feral cats are hard to deal with and not recommended as a first cat- you’ll know a housecat when you meet it. 

There’s also the fact that shelters have more adult cats that need to be adopted, since everyone wants a cute kitten. 

Then, when they’re used to you and your home, you can get them a kitten as a playmate. My girl is about 2 1/2, rules the house and knows it, and I know she’s gotta be bored when my SO and I are gone all day (we work the same hours, 9-5). If you wanted to go that route, what I’ve learned is that females take longer to adjust to new cats and can be more territorial, so I’m looking at adopting a 6 month to a year old male that she can nurture and bond with. I’m hoping she’ll be more affectionate, too, because cats are very jealous of their humans’ love. 

I once had two females about the same age, one of which had been an only cat, and they did NOT get along for a long, long time. 

Here’s [Dahlia](https://imgur.com/gallery/BJOxMOy), because of course I’m showing off my cat too.  Another vote for older cat! Also, a vote for the ones that are chubby, plain black, or otherwise less “adoptable”!

I was drawn to one of my childhood cats not just because she was older, but because she was *terrified*. She was cowering in the corner of her cubby, making pathetic scared sounds. I *had* to get her out of there.

She was an older, fat, plain black cat with a weird crooked tail. My mom was like, “That one?? You sure?”

But when we adopted her she became super attached to me because I swear she knew I was the one who chose her. She followed me around the house, and we went to sleep every night back-to-back in my bed.

I still miss her. Save those weird-looking or “uninteresting” cats, man. Omg what a beautiful cat! And I second getting an older cat.  My princess is older and one of the reasons I love her is she is literly the calmest creature in the world. When I am hyper nothing is better then her calm presence. Your cat is beautiful! :O 
Thank you for the advice. My first instinct probably would have been to get a kitten... They are soooooo adorable. Not to say that your cat isn't also adorable. :) But I think you're right, and I will follow your advice when I am able to accommodate a cat. 
Thanks again for all the advice. :) 
Do you by any chance call her Darling on occasion? Just curious. 
 One of my friends has several special needs cats. One of them, Baxter, has FIV and diabetes, is blind, is missing an ear, and is the most affectionate old coot. He has terrible aim with his loving head butts and it’s the funniest thing. He probably doesn’t have long to live as he seems to be developing pneumonia, but he’s had the best last few years possible given how much his life sucked before, and I’m glad they could do that for him. 

If I weren’t the type that would spend thousands of dollars I don’t have on a cat when I can’t do more than slightly prolong its life, I would definitely find a special needs kitty. Cats aren’t the most expensive pets if they’re healthy but I still try to keep an emergency fund, and known chronic issues would drain that pretty quickly. Until I’m rich enough to comfortably do that, misfits are second best. :) No creature can convey calm contentment like a cat. It’s contagious and it’s the best.  She has many nicknames, “darling” among them. Also Snicklefritz, Majestic Floof, Mama, Mighty Huntress, Fuzzball, Stinky (she doesn’t smell, but her litter box sure does once a day...)

Her shelter name was Dolly, but that name is always associated with Parton in my mind, so that had to change.  I love Mighty Huntress. :D Sounds like a superhero name. 
Hmm. Dolly always reminds me of sheep, though I do like 9 to 5. :) 
 Mighty Huntress is the most accurate of all of the nicknames. She was a stray for a few months (definitely grew up in a home) and she obviously honed her instincts. Most ferocious at playing and chasing food of any of the lady cats I’ve had.  She really does look like a Mighty Huntress. I really really like that name. I hope you guys have many wonderful years together. :)  We found our second cat today! This is [Archie](https://imgur.com/gallery/ApTVcBK) (not 100% set on the name but I’m liking it). 

A little younger than I intended, but he’s very mellow and cuddly and I think he will do just fine under Dahlia’s tutelage. We pick him up tomorrow! Aww, he's adorable. :) Archie is a great name! 
I'd like to him playing with Dhalia. 
 