Things we want our SO to know. Being ADHD and in a relationship can be tough for both people involved. What are some things that have helped you, your, SO, or both of you? What are some things we want them to know? Ie, just because we often forget/overlook things doesn’t mean we don’t care. Any helpful literature to help a non-ADHD partner better understand how their ADHD partner functions? 

I find that by the end of long work days (this time of year, I have many), I’m wrung dry of any energy to give to regular tasks at home. Like my brain is just utter radio static. For my SO it looks more like an excuse I use all the time.  I have difficulty being articulate, especially on the spot, to accurately explain why I’m like that in a way that can be understood or related to.  My SO has been reading my books about ADHD and I think that helped him understand. Personally I'd highly recommend *Scattered Minds* by Gabor Mate and *Driven to Distraction*

Another one is *Women With Attention Deficit Disorder* by Sari Solden to better understand how women with ADHD might struggle with gender expectations, esp task around the home and caretaking responsibilities. That book gives a lot of good practical advice too on organization My fiance is a saint and the most patient man on earth. I honestly don't know how he puts up with me sometimes. For the most part, he just accepts my shortcomings as adorable, which can actually be kind of annoying since I hate these things about myself, but it's certainly better than him getting frustrated with me all the time so I'll take it! 

I think the best things that he does that make him a really great ADHD partner are:

\- He doesn't take it personally that I'm forgetful about stuff. He understands that just because I forgot something doesn't mean it's not important to me and that realizing I forgot the thing is incredibly distressing to me so a guilt-trip is not helpful. Instead of getting mad at me or accusing me of not thinking something is important, he comforts me and believes me when I say that it is/was important to me too.

\- He calls me out on it when he can tell I'm not listening, or when I think I'm listening but I'm actually focusing so hard on listening that I forget to actually do the listening thing. 

\- Instead of getting frustrated with me when he catches me not listening, he tries to snap me back into focus and then repeats himself. 

\- He holds me accountable, without being a dick about it. For example, over the past 2 years I took a series of courses as part of an extension certificate program at the university near my workplace. In order to receive the certificate, I need to do a final assessment paper / project and because they changed the program recently, I have to complete it before the end of 2018. This semester is the final chance to do it, and for some reason I had spent the summer believing that the registration for this open study course (which you have to enroll in to do the paper) was October. When I went to register at the end of September, is when I found out it actually started in the beginning of Sept. Instead of doing the logical thing and calling the school to see if I could still register, I took the out and went "welp, guess I don't get to finish!" and made a million excuses for why it didn't really matter if I got the certificate or not. He would \*not\* let me get away with my bullshit and called me out on every excuse. Then, after I promised him I'd call the school and see if I could still register, he asked me every evening after work if I had called throughout the full week and a half that I procrastinated on doing so until I finally bit the bullet and registered. It turned out that registering was absolutely no problem at all...  My brain is really noisy and busy all the time some sometimes if it's calm for once I like to do things alone and enjoy the silence. It's nothing against you, you didn't do anything wrong I just need some time alone.

I don't make all the brain chemicals I need too very efficiently so I legitimately do need a little more sleep than most folks to recover. I'm not just lazy.

Sometimes I get overwhelmed by everything and everyone and it puts me in sensory overload, if I'm in a bad mood it's probably not your fault and pestering me to tell you what's wrong isn't going to make matters better especially when I don't even know what's wrong.

I'm not always fully aware of why I do things and sometimes even that I'm doing them.

I forget a lot. I'm sorry.

My concept of time is really skewed, like last year is the other day, and twenty minutes ago is also just the other day. If something is happening in two days I have like a week but if it's happening tomorrow I have no time to prepare.

There's more but, you know... BRAIN When I was tasked with “doing chores” but instead organized the spice rack by size, shape, a frequency of use I believed so deeply in that moment that that would solve the issues of our messy home as a whole. I could see nothing else but how streamlined and simple preparing a meal in the future would be. I even thought about what I might make for you eventually and how much you would enjoy it. I see your point. I wasn’t trying to be a dick. I was just trying.  What helped for me was to relate to his struggles. My partner has major anxiety (probably OCD tbh he just needs a formal diagnosis) so he's got his own set of quirks that he can't help. Making the analogy of "hey you know when you do X thing and it's dumb and unhelpful and you know it but you can't help but do it regardless because it's just how your brain works? That's what it's like for me and Y thing. I'm sorry and I'll try harder but please understand I don't do this on purpose." 

I don't think someone needs to have a major mental illness to be able to relate; literally everyone even 'neurotypical' folks do stupid shit from time to time or have bad habits that are tough to break, or maybe they used to struggle with issues in their past, or whatever. Point is there's almost certainly *something* your SO does that you can use as an analogy to yourself in order to help them understand you better.  This is an amazing example and story! Thank you for describing my whole life. Especially the time thing.


I did not realise all of this was ADD. 