I’ve noticed that I become arrogant and unsympathetic while on my meds...lose my silly, goofy side...Any tips? literally like Elliot in Mr. Robot. The catch is that when I take my meds and I’m around people I can actually concentrate on what they’re saying and I can tell a story without meandering. 
Drawback is that I lack patience and understanding (while on my meds). I come off as arrogant :( Happens to me as well. I chalk it up as the meds changing me from a happy, easy going type-B personality who just goes with the flow, to making me super Type-A. On a mission to get whatever task I have currently on my mind done, and I don't put up well with people or things getting between me and my final destination. I think what *may* be going on, if you're ADHD-PI (like me), is that when you're *not* on your meds, there's behavior in others that you let slide because you don't *notice* it.  On your meds, you notice it.

If that's it, I think you just have to consciously decide that you should let some of that stuff slide, and then work on being able to.  I mean, it's been going on whether you notice it or not. i'm not sure whether this is true, i'm pondering whether this is true for me:
what if me being funny and kind is anxiety? because i am rejection sensitive and cant deal good with criticism, i subconciously incorporated pleasing everyone in my behaviour. i've been on meds and i've noticed too that i get arrogant. but when i am on meds, i do not recognize in the first place when i say something rude or act arrogant. i am able to recognize beforehand if something would be rude when i am off meds. but then the only reason i do not say it is because im afraid. This sounds silly but, maybe when you catch yourtself being a dick to others, pause for a second and tell them you're sorry, you're just not used to how you feel while under the meds. You can even try to make it kinda goofy. Something like "....wtf that was such a dick move. Sorry man".

At least it'll help people understand it's not on purpose, and might help them take it less seriously.

DISCLAIMER: I've never tried it. Take with a lot of salt lol. I experience this as well (I have ADD). Just like the previous commenter said it’s probably because you start picking up on things. When I get impatient I like to remind myself that they’d probably be impatient with me if it wasn’t for the meds. So maybe just reminding yourself of that fact as you talk to people might improve the way you treat them as well. 

Ps. Do you think it could be be because you’re so concentrated on one task/idea that you become irritated when anyone tries to distract you? I feel like that type of focus is good for work or studying but  it may get in the way of healthy or fun social interaction as it’s usually very spontaneous.  Try a lower dose? Especially if you find that you don't have this effect in evenings This may not be your case at all but FWIW: I was diagnosed with ADHD at 30 and ASD at 40. I do think going on ADHD meds helped me and my wife see more clearly that I'm on the autism spectrum (and our daughter was diagnosed as having ASD a year before).

Some people on the spectrum can come off as unsympathetic or arrogant (a stigma I've dealt with all my life). It can just come down to not being good at properly sending the kinds of non-verbal signals to others they expect. After my ASD diagnosis 5 years ago my wife immediately admitted "I'm less angry at you." She now knew I just don't react in expected ways and stopped assuming my manner was malicious.

Both diagnoses have made my life better. It's always good to better know how your brain works. This happens to me too, even though I'm on a relatively low dosage. What I do is only take my medication when I'm not going to be around people. I take it on days where I'm home, or have work to do that I need to concentrate on. I do not take it on days where I'm going out with friends or during family events. It's the constant battle man.  I feel like I'm always having to choose between feeling like myself and being productive, no matter what the dose of medication is. 

The only real answer is take meds as little as you can manage to unfortunately.

Edit: a word A others said, it might be a dosage issue, or it could just be time to try a different type of med at the same effective dose. It could also be an interaction with another medication.

Medication-induced hypomania can be an issue for ADHDers on Adderall who do not otherwise have comorbid Bipolar Disorder. As such, it’s really really important that you bring the above up with your prescribing doctor. Perhaps take a trusted friend or family member with you who can help describe how you’ve changed. Mood changes may not seem dangerous or urgent, but they can be the first warning sign of something way way worse. I think I can kind of understand what you're going through.

I was in a somewhat similar state when I first got on meds. I don't know how long you've been taking them, but I know when I first started taking Adderall I felt both better in most ways but also kind of different in a not-so-good way. It did initially seem to alter my personality and my interactions with other people in a way that I didn't understand at the time. I can relate to many of the people here when they say their meds make them feel "robotic" and things like that.

But I can tell you that now I've been on my meds for about 5 years, I really don't feel like they effect my behavior and personality in a bad way anymore. It seems that, at least in my case, the longer I've been on meds, the fewer negative side effects I experience. Though I still feel almost all the benefits.

Hopefully this will be your experience too! I had it when I was on just regular Adderall.  Stuff that I didn't notice before or just didn't have the energy to address suddenly was getting addressed left and right in a very confrontational way.  Switching to Adderall XR fixed that. I experience this but would rather be a bit rude and standoffish than be incredibly inappropriate and overshare without thinking.  I’m the opposite. I’m a depressed SOB until the addy kicks in and then I’m normal. Increase the amount of food you eat (especially in the mornings before you take it).  Increase the amount of protein you eat.  Would recommend taking a lighter dose. I experience this as well (inattentive type) and I think what it boils down to is how slow everyone else seems to me. My thoughts can move just as fast, but in one direction. I've already had the conversation, came up with a solution, and moved on in my head. Everyone else feels like they are wasting time or not getting it, complaining they "need their coffee". It was the coffee comment that made it click for me. This affects me so much while dating. If I'm on my medication, I just become very monotone, forward, "no humor included" self.

 I experience this too. I'm definitely more arrogant, but I'm not sure If that's really related to the meds because I've always been kinda like that. Maybe it's just because things (especially school) have become so easy for me since I'm able to pay attention. 

The losing my "silly side" thing is also true for me, but I don't see it necessarily as a bad thing. 

I also get frustrated with people faster and Im more distant. But it's like since I actually remember what i talk about with people i feel like I have the same conversations over and over again and it's exhausting.  Luckily im a asshole at work, so no one noticed a character change. Yeah, lower the dose, talk about this with your psychiatrist, you have way more options than you think. I'm interested to know if this is what people have let you know or if this is just how you perceive that you're coming across.

When I first started my medication I felt like I lost patience and became frustrated more easily but when I asked people close to me, they did not notice a difference. Some people have mentioned that you're noticing and acting on behaviors you're seeing in others but it may be that you're really just noticing your own behaviors more. People without ADHD often describe how taking stimulant meds can increase their feelings of self-confidence and motivation. You may be noticing something similar to this and it feels like arrogance to you.

As far as your goofy/silly side, that may just be impulse control. ADHD can make it hard to know when things are appropriate or not, suddenly adding a filter of noticing the small stuff enough to know when something may be inappropriate may make it seem like you're less inclined to be silly or spontaneous, overall.

If you've not been treating for very long, I'd recommend getting some feedback from the people who you interact with most. If they know you're treating or you feel comfortable letting them know, tell them how you've been feeling and see what they say. If others around you are noticing a negative difference as well then speak to your prescribing Dr. to see if there's another medication that may work better or if your dosage should be adjusted. I’m the polar opposite - it’s brought back a lot of my old personality. It’s actually kind of amazing how well it works.  Oh man preach. Try to lower your dose with your doc. I had this for years. You become a robot. You dont mean it tho Yeah, same here. The side effect works for me, though, since retail would otherwise kill me. The meds suppressing my emotions helps me deal with frustrating people at work. Wait, are you saying you have _more_ patience off meds? Interesting. If this is new, wait it out. Observe the behaviour, but don't act on it. 

I am finding that with medication, finding a "new normal" is taking a while. I am much more emotional than I've ever been before. This is at once both a revelation to what the human condition really is, and a burden, in that I have to re-learn, and adapt to this new normal.The advice I've been given is to" Don't act, observe, and wait it all out. 

The person(a) that you are missing may find a new space for existence in this "new" space of your life. Just give it some time, and don't act in a way that may cause harm or regret.

Good luck. Try different meds?

Try a lower dose of the same meds?

Try a lower dose of the same meds while also adding an alpha 2 agonist ADHD med such as Intuniv or Kapvay?  (Alpha 2 Agonist meds treat ADHD different than stimulants via a different method entirely, furthermore they have synergistic effects when combined wtih stimulants with treating ones ADHD while at the same time reducing some of the side effects of stimulants.)

Aka watch this video which talks about the specific side effect that is occurring with you.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnS0PfNyj4U Sounds pretty useful if you can function socially without meds.

I imagine being a stone cold killer is good when doing work and chasing goals, and being a kind and funny dude when doing social stuff.

See it as different parts of you in play  I would definitely talk talk to your doctor about lowering your dosage. I think without meds I get irritated because I'm on the edge and on meds sometimes I get irritated because things are hard to tune out since they catch my attention more Sometimes I smoke weed, but that’s not always okay during social functions. Try thinking about something funny to help in those situations, to keep things lighthearted. Try different meds?

Some meds made me irritable/cranky, others didn't. So now I'm on the ones that didn't. I'm that way when I'm not on my meds. Like I can feel myself being an unlikeable pile of human garbage, but I can't stop myself from doing whatever it is that I'm doing.

Give me 40mg of Adderall, though, and I'm the complete opposite.

Maybe.

I think I am.

I'm definitely less of an unlikeable pile of human garbage, anyway.

Probably. I’m literally exactly the same.  Similar thing happens to me. I get very direct and force points. I think it can be unpleasant for other people.

So although I may be right, I'm not political or getting the general mood.

In an office for instance I might demand accuracy or a high standard etc.. when the team or my boss just wants to gloss over something and move on. This can make you seem like a trouble maker with destructive behaviour.

The flip side: in an office full of women who chit chat all day my deep work focus makes them think I'm disengaged. When really I'm working hard and concentrating. I dont come to work for the social life but they do.  If you live somewhere that it’s legal, I’ve found using marijuana once or twice a week really helps me with this. Much more often than that, it starts having some counter-productive effects, for me at least. Find this aswell, but something I find is that with meds I can accually change my behaviour, and work on myself to be a better version of myself. 

without I just feel like what happends happendsand I am just on the ride my brain decide, atleast now after almost 2 years.

hope it helps and don't be to hard on yourself, fact that you worry shows character. [removed] Getting Medication next week. For me it sounds like a fucking dream to not be the nice guy and stop for other just chasing my god damn goal... Yeah. I eventually weaned off medication through therapy. A lot of it is learning coping mechanisms and communication skills we didn’t get to learn organically as children; once you have medication you free up that lack of attention and can slowly start to reform your skills at interacting with others. 

My therapist told me to find ways to say “no” that didn’t include the word “no” for a couple of weeks. I took the experiment seriously and cut it out of my vocabulary as much as possible. Forcing myself to think of less abrupt ways to refuse someone made me pay more attention to my body and emotional language, and it helped me to break that wall down entirely. :) No, there is a biological reason for this and not a behavioural one.

In about 20% of patients, stimulants suppress activity in the limbic system, which regulates emotion/spontaneity. I just turn into an autistic robot the moment stimulants hit my system, I fucking hate it because this means living with my ADHD which is unbearable.

&#x200B;

Also an increase in stress hormones (it increases this through conversion from dopamine) can make you short tempered/bitchy/agitated. YES!! 100x yes! You’re right. I’m PI and that is actually so true. Thank you for that perspective!! The thing is there... that I want to be able to pick up on it but I can only do that on meds... it’s such a catch 22 Wow, I think you just gave me a new perspective on why I act differently on and off drugs. I've been wondering this since I found out about RSD and it's chilling to think about how much of my personality might be a coping mechanism or symptom of my condition. Hard to separate it all out. I've had to just ignore metacognition around my ADHD, as much as possible anyway..

Now on the other hand, most of my family is HILARIOUS even accounting for opinions outside of the family itself. Friends and acquaintances of mine have told me I'm the funniest person they know. I've always relied on my humor to cover for my awkwardness and anxiety. And at the same time, my minds need to jump from one loosely related topic to another makes me really quick-witted and able to cobble together jokes based on stuff most wouldn't think about, this got me in trouble a ton in school over being a "class clown" because I impulsively blurted all my jokes out constantly. I definitely think my humor is a mix of several things, but the way I use it in interpersonal relationships may just be a manipulation of my RSD. I also wonder if my altruism and empathy are from my RSD, and I work in Nonprofits as a career so that'd be a big deal for me and makes me question a lit of my life. Anyway, that's a panicky existential crisis for another day...... ..Daaaamn, and I thought I was analytic. Mind blown. I've done that.  I am impulsive and no filter, so things fly out of my mouth. I usually eat crow and apologize for what I said and for interrupting.  Owning up to your asshole tendencies goes a long way with some folks. This might be a part of it for me at least. I've been on meds for several months now (Adderall XR) and they can make me irritable. I had to wonder why, but my work situation has been very stressful anyway because if office Dynamics and events happening out of my control. My wife thinks the regular things happening at work would be enough to lose patience and that could be the case as well. But for me, I noticed how upset I get when I'm off meds and my wife interrupts me while I'm hyperfocused on something. 

If you also get upset at interruptions to your hyperfocus while OFF meds then consider if that's the case on meds and look at your responses to interruption to try and cope with that sudden change in a better more receptive way. I've had to explain to my wife that when I'm focused I'm REALLY focused and I can't listen to 2 things at once very well or acknowledge her sudden conversation if I'm knee deep in an activity. I need to transition from one to the other. Communicate that with coworkers and peers so they are aware that abrupt changes and interruptions aren't conducive to your work style and attention span. If you need to make a note of what you're doing to finish it without frustration then interrupt their interruption to tell them that and do it! Best of luck OP! Switch between Adderall and Ritalin. Adderall tends to be cleaner and longer acting but kills appetite. Ritalin will make you focus like a SOB, but it’s easier on my appetite but zaps some of my personality. It’s a difficult trade off and will take some time to figure it out. Also, some do better on short acting while others do better on longer acting (vyvanse, concerta, XLs and SRs of either drug. Finally, side effects will diminish very quickly. I take supplements to retain tolerance, Magnesium, NMDA agonists, Zinc, and many others because these meds diminish your brains ability to produce the same levels of dopamine and norepinephrine, so try to keep that in check. I take Wellbutrin and Concerta-works great 👍  Yeah, definitely talk to your doctor about switching up your dose... Or even your medication. Adderall makes me a grade A unempathetic asswipe. You make a very good point here. At first I took it to help me concentrate in social situations and be more alert when listening to people as well as when I was doing my work. But now I’m way more aware of how I’m coming off to other people. 

I guess I’m just nervous that I’ll go back to the day dreamy, self conscious me in social situations. I’ve done CBT for a while now to help with that but you’ve only got so much control over those things.  I do the same as you, I only take my meds as needed, when I'm alone and have to do work Wish I could have some weed but it turns me into a panicked mess :( [deleted] Can you elaborate on the hypomania thing? I went to see a new psych and she suggested I had symptoms of hypomania/bipolar disorder. I was super tired when I saw her, and I had drank coffee on top of taking my meds, plus I was incredibly nervous, so I understand why she suggested I appeared manic. 

I've often wondered if I was bipolar myself, but nearly everything I've read about bipolar 1/2/No's suggest that I'm just incredibly ADHD. I do think stimulant meds make me way too anxious at the dose that actually helps me concentrate. I'd really like to try a non-stimulant medication like concerta or guanfacine, especially since heart disease is prevalent in my family. 

Honestly I think a lot of what makes my appear manic is the fact that I have horrible gender dysphoria, and pretty bad rejection sensitivity. My mood can change pretty fast if one of those is triggered, and to other people I think it just seems like I'm mercurial. Being medicated makes both worse; I can actually pay attention well enough to realize I'm being rejected, it makes me more anxious, and I was too ADHD to concentrate on my gender dysphoria before. Now I realize how much of my life is structured around avoiding triggers and it's driving me nuts. 

Edit: I forgot to mention that the psych seemed to be quite sure that I was schizophrenic. She asked me 4 or 5 times if I ever hallucinate. I talk a lot normally, and I tend to ramble when I'm tired, especially if I've taken my meds, so that totally makes sense. She asked me a lot of questions about where we were, what we were doing, etc. Plus, being my usual pedantic self, she drew a cube, had me copy it, and I ended up scratching out a line because I realized she had drawn something more like a truncated pyramid/frustum. She was like "That's a drawing of a cube" and my response was "I know, but it's more of a truncated pyra..." and she cut me off. 

I realized that I've felt like my body isn't really mine since I was, I dunno, 10 or so? So I think I have a lot of the disassociative symptoms of schizophrenia, without actually being schizophrenic. 

I've pretty much had the same personality for my entire life. I was reading stuff from my IEP from 20 years ago, and it's still broadly true today. I mean, it's entirely possible I'm bipolar, but the diagnosis she gave me was most recent episode manic, and I just feel like I've been depressed for the last 5 years.  That definitely puts my mind at ease, thank you!!! 

I’ve only been on them for about half a year now so that makes a lot of sense. I guess it’s how you learn to reconcile the difference. :) I’m starting to realise that that was definitely the case for me too. I didn’t have the energy to deal with other people, that I didn’t understand how to deal with things and I felt inadequate so I let other people tread all over me. ... Same here but then when the meds kick in I’m normal and arrogant. Like hey world I’m the best check it out I can do 10 things at once but don’t try and stop me or I’ll snap at you 😞 Wow. That really put it in perspective!! You just made me realise that - of course - that’s why people have their coffee!!! And I’m sure we all abused it (those diagnosed as adults) before we were diagnosed!!

People always get so weirded out when I say I don’t have coffee anymore.  Same here. I lose my spontaneity and silliness, and that's very much the core of how I like to interact with people. I got in the habit of avoiding meds on date days until I was at a point I knew a person well enough to tell them about meds and how they affect me. Most people tell me the difference in my behavior isn't that noticeable, but it feels like I'm in a completely different world. Omg. This is literally me right now. I’ve just started dating this really lovely boy and when I’m on my meds around him I tend to dismiss/lack empathy/lack humour and I think I actually offended him the other day. 
Apparently something I said triggered something in him and he was upset and I couldn’t figure out why. 

— when I’m not on my meds, this never happens!! I’m so in tune with others emotions that I wouldn’t dare say something to trigger Holy crap it feels like I wrote that. 

You’re right. It’s definitely got that flavour about it.  I’m definitely finding everything easier and it does feel like I’m getting cocky.  Thank you so much for your input. 

Your comment was really balanced and it made me think about a few occasions where I know the way I was acting was exaggerated in my mind

I actually asked my mother yesterday whether I had become arrogant and she said yes. She’s a sweet, honest woman so I definitely took that on board. I’ve noticed it in the way that I will now cut people off in conversation for two reasons:

- I’m trying to concentrate on something else 
- when I know the answer already

I’m not sure whether the first instance is because I was so used to losing my train of thought before
My diagnosis. ... I digress 

I’m due to go back to the psych at the end of the month and I’ve got a list of things I’ll touch on when I see her, I’ll add this to it. 

I do think that it feels like I’m trying to make up for lost time when I never followed through on anything... now I’m trying to do everything at once. Just scared I’ll go backward... but I know that’s irrational. 
 Thanks man. I don’t know why, but your answer chilled me out :P Retail killed me before I was diagnosed. I don’t know how I did it for so long. I worked in retail for 5 years and quit before I even got diagnosed 😖

I remember people saying I’d stare off into nowhere Wow it took me five minutes to comprehend what You just said. I need to take my meds lol But yes — I do. I’m PI if that helps People with ADHD can’t just learn to focus. If we could, we wouldn’t have ADHD.  That's like saying take off your glasses and learn to focus your eyes. If you learned to focus, you never had ADHD. You can't learn to grow missing parts of your brain..

> ADHD patients have deficits in higher-level cognitive functions necessary for mature adult goal-directed behaviors, in so-called “executive functions”, that are mediated by late developing fronto-striato-parietal and fronto-cerebellar networks. The most consistent deficits are in so-called “cool” EF such as motor response inhibition, working memory, sustained attention, response variability and cognitive switching as well as in temporal processing (i.e., motor timing, time estimation and temporal foresight), with most consistent deficits in time discrimination and estimation tasks

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5884954/ The grass is always greener.... but in general you’re right.  It took me a while before I even realized I was missing these more colorful parts of myself. But eventually I started noticing that the most outstanding parts of my old / unmedicated self, where absent or much diminished on meds. 
It’s probably for the best, but it’s also a little sad. 

I write this while waiting in a drs office.  I absolutely love it...most of the time. Except my mom works in the same office, so I feel bad when I am engrossed in something and kinda brush her off like an asshole when she tries to talk to me when I'm engaged in a task. Wow, that's a really cool technique. I'm going to try that. I've started doing this without realizing it, it has had good results. Almost seems magical, suddenly I don't have to do things I don't want and people don't get upset by it, or only midly get let down. This is why I made an effort to be very clear that I didn't think it was the only possibility.  This condition doesn't hit all of us exactly the same way. Have you tried Strattera? It's a non-stimulant ADHD med. It might be able to help. I'm autistic too, and when I don't take my adhd meds, I'm more equipped to respond to social things in some ways, but much less in others. I'm faster to think of things and actually follow through saying them when I've taken my meds. I have years and years more experience dealing with the world as an autistic person without meds though. 

I'm better at sounding organic at the cost of having less to readily say without meds. I can think of more useful things to do socially with meds, but I can't make it seem natural, and end up just being very direct and overly precise and often it falls flat anyway. 

I've never been very good at showing emotion, as I've never been able to see my emotions directly (alexithymia). But on meds, RSD is hugely lessened, which frees me up to not even care to bother trying to meet other peoples desires for me to show even a little emotion. Thus, I'm probably more robotic with meds too, but for a pretty different reason I think. any links to relevant studies or documentation on this effect? Please? Wow, that makes a lot of sense.
Just out of curiosity, are you actually on the spectrum? Oh man, trying to figure out what's your personality and what's ADHD symptoms and ADHD coping mechanisms is difficult! I've been dealing with this exact same thing. I recently started Strattera and I'm seeing yuuge improvements. But I feel like I'm losing myself a little. I'm glad that I'm healthier, but it's like I'm not a healthier version of who I was. I'm a healthier version of someone different.    


Then on top of that, I recently learned of RSD and I understand myself so much better now, but I'm hesitant to seek treatment. I've learned to really love myself and some of my traits. I like to think I'm altruistic and I like my awkward sense of humor when I pull it off. I don't want these things that make up who I am right now to disappear. What is RSD? I feel like I relate to a lot of what you're talking about besides that so I'm curious. How do you treat your RSD? I did this to cure myself of impulsive lying when I was a teenager. I would be telling a true story and then end up with embarrassing and obvious bullshit. I couldn't slow myself down enough to not do it so I ended up getting into the habit of stopping myself once I realized I had veered into the land of I wish I had. I just corrected myself. It was weird but less weird than being a liar. And it actually worked! I stopped lying after that. Just needed to correct out loud instead of spinning in my head. Could you explain a bit more how supplements like zinc and magnesium help with tolerance levels? I'm quite interested in that  I'm also curious about using supplements to retain tolerance. Is there any research to back that up? My 40mg Vyvanse doesn't seem to work as well as it used to, and if possible, I'd prefer to keep the low dose instead of increasing by 10mg. When I was in college, I handled that by taking 2-3 week "vacations" from my meds (Adderall XR back then), after which they would regain their original effectiveness. But I'm not in college anymore, and unfortunately my job doesn't give me three weeks at the summer and holidays... So I'm shit outta luck with that approach now. 

Edit: I may have been reading your post wrong - what I mean to do is keep my tolerance low so my current dose will continue to work for me, mostly because at higher doses I start to experience more side effects. :) Sorry, but did you mean NMDA antagonists rather than agonists? I know there's some reports of the antagonists helping to prevent tolerance -- like magnesium and dextromethorphan -- so I would think that agonists would make it worse. Wish I could take Adderall but I live in Australia! 😞 Yeah, that's pretty much the conclusion I came to. I, like you, really liked that I could now concentrate on conversations in social situations. I kind of just accepted that I was going to be my "dreamy, self-conscious self," and that was the way it had to be if I wanted to feel like myself. Hey, at least you have friends, and your "dreamy, self-conscious self" doesn't scare them away, right?

Another upside of this whole situation, is, like you said, the medication made you more aware of how you were coming off to people. Same thing happened to me. Now that I was aware of maybe being a bad listener sometimes, I used that to learn and work on improving my conversation skills. Nowadays it makes me anxious and dumb the next day so it’s been relegated to weekends. Probably healthier this way What? Where did this come from, I never mentioned cannabis.  Make not snapping one of those 10 things. /s (only kinda kidding) Hahaha, I know that exact feeling of avoiding using medication on a date night. I only had XR so even if I took it in the morning at 8-9am, that means it would still be in affect when dates typically start. Now I got some both (weekend I have IR)

Luckily, I actually found someone super special in the last month and she embraced me with ADHD (she saw some videos I made regarding it) so things are going super well! Yeah right? But what am I supposed to do? not feeling good about myself for doing well in school again for the first time since elementary?  I wish I could upvote this more. This has been a recent realization I’ve had and it feels like a part of me has died. I miss being the person everyone thought was so laid back and happy. Over the last two years I’ve watched my friends and family shift to talking to me and referring to me as an extremely stressed out, impatient, Type A person. I did start a demanding graduate research position one year ago but prior to that I noticed the more “colorful” and unique parts of my personality were taking a backseat to these new traits. I now have zero patience and understanding and I hate that part of this change.  Yeah, a lot of time the secret in communicating a refusal or negative is just finding ways to do so that don't make the requester feel invalidated or dismissed.  :) /u/Vipergq25 should definitely give it a shot (no pun intended), but if you're a male, you may experience some relatively significant sexual side effects on Strattera, unfortunately. It'd be really great for a lot of guys (including me) if it didn't have the sexual side effect potential. strattera is what she started me on (like most people). I found that it just made me really sleepy with a side of dry mouth. 

I might see if she thinks I should change my meds, Ritalin is the first stim I’ve tried so I might see what she thinks.  Rejection sensitive dysphoria. I definitely recommend reading up on it, it can be very revealing I can only speak of my personal experience, it would take forever to explain neural homeostasis. Basically your brain downregulates itself using its own memory system apart from your actual memories. Certain supplements prevent this memory from changing how you produce neurotransmitters. You’ll have to look it up because it’s a lot to explain  ^ I work very, very hard not to take my medicine daily. In any given month I take it about half the days. Every other day helps me not get fired but also keeps my tolerance down.  40mg is a low dose? I'd feel sick at more than 20.

But yes, NAC and magnesium are effective at preventing tolerance. Zinc not really, it has some other positive effects, can make you really nauseous though. I think dextromethorphan does not mix well with my ssri. I remember one night I forgot and drank a small amount of nyquil and when I closed my eyes I saw the most beautiful colors. It was a very pleasant experience but I definitely an not going to do that again and risk serotonin syndrome.  Yes, you’re right  Haha someone is off their meds I think. FWIW, even if you had, I'm completely honest with my psychiatrist about being an occasional weed smoker, and he doesn't give a flying fuck.  I've had similar effects. Sad to say but I think some of my friends liked that side of me and dislike this 'new' side of me, or maybe they just act less friendly because that part they liked is absent, maybe they see it as me not liking them. I don't know.  This could definitely just be a case of needing to try a different medicine or dosage. I had this problem at first but Aderall XR doesn't do this at all now that I found a good dose. Both too high and especially too low a dose made me irritated easier (trying to take a half dose on weekends didn't work out well). Concerta (same medicine as Ritalin) also made me feel a little robotic but I've never got that with Adderall. I only tried Concerta for a couple weeks though, so I'm not sure if the dose was ever right. Does adderall work better taken daily, or intermittently as you do? I guess 40mg isn't a low dose for some people, but it's a lower dose for me. I moved to Vyvanse from Adderall XR 30mg, so initially they had me at the equivalent in Vyvanse (70mg), which was bonkers. Turns out my diet had been affecting how much amphetamine salts I was actually getting (very high in citrus), which is less of an issue with Vyvanse. So the equivalent dose turned me into an absolute zombie. 

Can you tell me what NAC is, and what doses of that and magnesium are helpful in preventing tolerance? I'd never heard about that before, and I'd like to try it. Thanks!! I mean, same here but I live in a legal state and know how it affects me. My psychiatrist is very good about being level headed and not some backwards physician who drug tests me as a condition of treatment.  I actually take Concerta.  So I don't know. :/ NAC is short for N-acetylcysteine, if you want to read about it:

[https://examine.com/supplements/n-acetylcysteine/](https://examine.com/supplements/n-acetylcysteine/)

[https://examine.com/supplements/magnesium/](https://examine.com/supplements/magnesium/)

If you're going shopping, it'll be under NAC on Amazon and the directions already have the recommended dose. It's also pretty good on its own against hyperactivity - so if you take too much it's too calming and you just won't do anything… The 70 mg Vyvanse is equal to about 30 mg Dextroamp. My nephew takes 140 mg a day  I live in a non-legal state, but just don't think my psychiatrist thinks one thing has anything to do with the other. But I have seen other comments in here about people being drug tested to get their prescriptions. I wonder... Is that standard practice in certain countries with universal healthcare? I recall someone from I want to say Germany saying they had to jump through a lot of hoops to get diagnosed and treated.  Good lord! Two of the 70mg capsules would send me way over the edge lol. But I guess people just react differently. If I take 20mg I literally can’t even tell I’m on it, but 40mg is just right.  