Friendly reminder: Make that doctor appointment and get yourself treated I see a lot of people in here commenting about how they're 'thinking about' or 'planning on' getting medication. Just do it, as far as psychiatric drugs go, ADHD stimulants are pretty low risk. You'll be in and out of your doctors office in 15 minutes. All you need to do is go make that appointment before you forget. I have to add that YOU REALLY HAVE NOTHING TO LOSE. 

When I finally went to talk about my concerns to a doctor and we talked about medication. The doctor asked me: ”Do you have anything to lose here?” And he was right. I had nothing to lose but so much to win. I had battled through depression, low self-esteem and eating disorder. And I did not wanna take those paths again.  I wish I could do the whole process of finding a new doctor. My current one keeps dodging my question about getting medication for adhd even though he diagnosed me himself. It's so demotivating. Who do I go to? Primary care? Psychiatrist? Neurologist? My life is a mess and everyone just passes it off as being a busy mom, but I don’t think everyone feels this way.  Same applies toward going to the dentist to get that sore tooth checked out

Or scheduling an appointment with someone to check out any other persistent pain

&#x200B; My doctor is an idiot.  She just stares at me blankly then it's experimentation time! I'd suggest starting with your Primary Care Dr.  They're usually cheaper and easier to get an appointment with.  This is important because you'll have a LOT of appointments while they titrate your medication (if you decide to try medication that is)

If you don't have a regular primary care Dr. you might even want to ask about the Dr.s experience and expertise with ADHD when selecting a primary care doc.  

Be aware though that some primary care docs because of limited knowledge/experience with ADHD, or because of the stigma and regulatory headaches of prescribing stimulants may refer you to a specialist like a psychologist or neurologist for your initial diagnosis. 