Laying in bed last night and I realized that I hadn't eaten anything all day besides my morning breakfast. Adderall made me forget about eating for over 12 hours. Anyone want to vent about their medication? [removed] Ritalin - lost 15 lbs but get headaches and circulatory problems from not eating.. Hands are always cold and I feel numb.  However in focusing great! I was on Strattera for about a week. In that time I slept for maybe 8 hours total and had three meals. It was crazy. I love forgetting to eat when I'm on adderall.

Except when my blood sugar falls and I'm about to shake and my hands are gonna shake their way off my arms. But I get joy from not eating for a long time, and that is extremely unhealthy so I do try to eat.  * Set alarms telling yourself to eat.  
* Carry snacks always so it's quick, easy and available. 
* Eat a huge and healthy breakfast. 

I took IR and timed my doses around mealtimes so when I would be coming down, I would begin to naturally get hungry around lunch or dinner and I would always eat, even if I had to force myself, before taking another dose. 

Edit: Spelling Strange, I was warned I might forget about eating but I get ravenously hungry around 12:30.

I start to get physically ill and moody until I get some food in my stomach. I also snack a lot during the day. 

My biggest vice right now is sugary soda like Coke. I've actually gained weight since starting Adderall. Totally happens to me. What I do is set specific times of the day to eat so I don't forget. 

Something I've noticed is that once I start eating, I can finish any meal I start. I don't feel hungry and it doesn't satisfy anything, but it's not like gross to eat, ya dig? 

But for the first few weeks I lost 10 pounds and was an anemic little fucker Yep.  I get hungry, put off getting up to eat for a few minutes, forget about it, it goes away, two hours later: "Why am I so tired right now?"

It happens with peeing too. switch to instant release > Adderall made me forget about eating

I'm not even on medication, and I forget about eating constantly. Although it's not surprising for drugs to have the opposite effect of what they are meant to fix, I would hardly blame the drug for it, when it's a fairly normal thing to deal with, when you have ADHD. [deleted] I'll forget to eat if I let myself. Which is bad because I'm diabetic, and I gotta watch that.

I found softer/liquid things are easier to eat when I'm not hungry, so I have lots of yogurt, smoothies, soups, etc.  this happens to me and then the next day when I wake up I eat everything I see... It's horrible. I thought adderall would help me lose weight but it's really making me gain weight.  I've lost about 30 pounds since the end of November due to forgetting to eat basically all the time. I feel like I'm cheating because I can eat "bad" food with healthy things while still losing weight. My friends are super jealous, ahaha. 

The idea of food while on medication is kind of nauseating. I end up just drinking lots of water due to bad dry mouth as a side effect.  lol I ate breakfast at 9am but haven't eaten since. I'm hungry, and I know I need to eat but I'm too lazy to make some food, and too interested in the internet. 

Ugh I guess I'll go make something. -__- 

Surprisingly though, I don't usually forget to eat while on adderall. At first I did, but now I could eat while taking it. Welcome to Medication! Happens to me way to often. I set alarms on my cell phone to make sure I eat three meals a day because otherwise I will forget. Even if I'm not hungry, when the alarm goes off, I force myself to eat.  Maybe set alarms on your phone to remind you in future? Or maybe have snacks on hand in an obvious place so that it reminds you (ie: fruit bowl, nut bowl, etc...)? I think half the side effects commonly attributed to stimulants actually result from forgetting to eat right while on them.

I take IR Adderal 3x a day just I can get gaps in the middle where I can eat.  Each 20mg dose only lasts about 4 hours for me.
 Thats a big reason that i quit it. Im a bodybuilder so this is very counter active to that. My vyvanse gives me hardcore cottonmouth which forces me to chew gum at work so my breath dont stank. Then sometimes i'll forget I had been chewing gum for too long and my gums hurt the next day. *sigh* I love my medication. The reduced appetite is actually something I like because I used to be bottomless. Like I could eat 2 large pizzas in a sitting by myself or 22 scrambled eggs with more than a lb of cheese. Starting on medication let me have abs.  Yay! Just my two cents, but it's not the drugs fault, nor should you force yourself self to eat. It's super important to get on a schedule. Stop eating cause your hungry and eat cause its noon and you have lunch at noon. It may feel like forcing at first but once your body gets in a rhythm it will know when it's time to be hungry. Re: Pavlov dogs Just started methylphenidate ER yesterday, didn't think it'd be any problem. Took me over 4 hours to fall asleep, even after vaping some weed (which will normally knock me out after Adderall). Woke up a little while ago and I swear I still feel it working. Not sure how I feel about it so far... I'm new to adderall, just started three days ago, and this is definitely a problem for me. I'm trying to choke down some lunch right now. Question for you or anyone else who has more experience with stimulants- does this effect wear off as my body adjust to the meds? If you're taking Amphetamines (Adderall) on a regular basis, your appetite will be suppressed into near non existence. You have to eat something, but the drug has convinced your brain that you couldn't possibly eat. Worse yet, your mouth may be dry, making chewing foods an awful prospect. 

Don't starve yourself. Prepare for your loss of appetite.

Buy a 12 pound bag of protein powder, the mass gainer kind is preferable because it has carbohydrates along with protein.
Buy a shaker bottle that can easily mix the powder up into water.

This is not as healthy as eating an actual nutritious meal, but that isn't going to happen if you've taken a dosage recently. 

Take care of yourself. For some reason the effects of losing weight haven't hit me much. It may be because my calories stayed the same prior which hasn't resulted in a weight loss. use it to your advantage. when you get older it is a nice diet aid perk of having ADD  ;) Don't worry, I know that. I got up and ate some food as soon as I realized. I've been on ADHD drugs since I was a kid so I'm pretty used to the whole eating even when you aren't hungry routine. 
Edit: spelling I'm actually storing down with friends eating sushi. Didn't eat anything all day except a breakfast sandwich and a small McChicken. I feel like I'm going to pass out unless I get food into me soon  Do you have any tips on how? Problem is exactly, I literally have no desire to eat. I don't *feel* like eating anything. Nothing sounds appetizing to me, and I don't take action. I know I should eat, not that I forget. I'll remember "I haven't eaten all day, but nothing sounds good." Then eventually it comes off and I buy $10 worth of taco bell, or I go to sleep. I know it's horrible for me, but is there something I can do to induce an appetite? Does anyone have any tips? IS THIS WHY MY FEET ARE ALWAYS FREEZING NOW?! I always hated wearing socks, but now they are like my best friends.  I was on that one when I was younger, if I remember correctly, it built up in your system so if I stopped taking it I wouldn't feel normal again for a few days, really annoying when you want to have a medication free weekend.  I was on staterror for 4 weeks. I had to force myself to eat all day long and make sure I had something to eat before I  took  it. I lost a lot of weight. It was still effecting how much I ate over a month after I stopped. It's the worst thing that I have tried.  Huh, weird.. when I started Strattera it made me very sleepy for the first week (and it was glorious, being a major insomniac back then)

Interesting how we can all react so differently to meds (I haven't had decreased appetite from any med so far either, heh). Oh ya I hate the shakes. Those are the worst. Especially in chem lab when I'm carrying delicate substances. I've gotten yelled at because my hands shake so hard that I spill stuff.  My fix for my SO craving Coke has been carbonated water mixed with juice or simple syrups. Still satisfies the bubbly craving but FAR less sugar. I literally feel nauseous from the first bite to the last when on adderral.  MUST BE TIME FOR MORE MEDS - WHY WOULD SMASHING PLANTS AROUND IN MY MOUTH HELP ME OUT?!

Good lord, look at the crap we think. lol Haha yes, same with the peeing here I've never had that with peeing, that's actually pretty funny that you forget. The struggle right? This 100x.
 A lot of drugs suppress appetite, though, especially the amphetamine class used for treating ADHD. My SO is on Vyvanse and often he'll forget to eat until I set food in front of him. This. I will definitely have days sans meds where I forget to eat, but I have to be doing interesting/hyperfocussing things.

I hate realizing it just when you're wondering why your body doesn't want to let you sleep. If you eat nothing else for the day, at least eat breakfast. It's annoying and in the way, and only happens during the biggest "OH SHIT" rush of the day...

But it's the only meal that I can eat and actually feel a difference from throughout the day. Damn. I can't imagine being diabetic and having to deal with lack of appetite ADHD medication can cause. Keep a big bowl of pasta salad in the fridge. It's really cheap, easy to make and can contain whatever you've got available.

When nobody's looking, reach in and stuff a handful of it in your mouth. You feed yourself, and get the awesome rush of telling the man to fuck himself that we so desperately need. I think you just get more used to eating when you take it. I've been on it for a long time now (like ten years) and I'm just always conscious about what I've eaten and what else I need to eat. Actually when I get in bed I go over everything I ate that day which is how I realized the other night.  Literally the worse piece of advice.Ever.
 Fruit snacks. I'm always hungry for fruit snacks. It's my go to snack for when regular food sounds nauseating.  I have no clue if this is actually healthy, and I like it so it probably isn't:

Peanuts.

Sometimes I just eat some dang peanuts and get on with my day. MINE TOO [deleted] I was in college at the time and not really seeing my psychiatrist regularly, so I just stopped it cold turkey and haven't been on meds since. I just remember being told "this isn't a stimulant, it's better" and then having a week where I felt like I was on speed the whole time or something.

Thinking about trying meds again now that I'm a bit more settled and adult, hoping if I do it's nothing like that was. The side effects do go away after a couple months, but those couple months aren't fun.
 Try having the shakes when you're testing someone's blood sugar! And then telling them "I'm not nervous my blood sugar is just low".  Real good role model haha Hahah. All I want to do when I'm off it is eat. And sleep. That's all.  [deleted] Ya, I had a big breakfast too. Eggs, sausage and a bagel. That's definitely what saved me, if I hadn't had that I would have been dry heaving for sure.  It's actually better with meds because I ^sometimes ^^forget ^^^testing ^^^^and ^^^^^insulin. When used responsibly, adderall can be a fantastic tool for those who are struggling to lose weight. Not being so addicted to food and eating in general has allowed me to take much more control over my eating habits, and allows me to have an easier time choosing to put healthy food in my body. Do I have to remind myself to eat sometimes? Sure, but I do, and when I do I am putting much healthier things in me than I was when I was 150 pounds heavier. 

I agree that there is large potential for abuse depending on the person taking it, but it's not 100% bad for losing weight.  My go-to is smoothies! Buy a Naked smoothie if you need to (they're very sugary but also very filling and *delicious*...all things you need if your stomach is empty all day from Adderall), or just make your own so you can ensure protein and fresh ingredients. Smoothies don't require chewing and are delicious! Much easier to absent-mindedly sip one than try and forcefeed yourself. YES! Fruit snacks are amazing, I always crave them when I'm on my meds. Our meds make us burn sugars a lot faster, I bet that's why. That's really heathy. Most nuts are really beneficial health wise. Peanuts have lots of protein.  Peanuts are great! I always go for honey-roasted. I think it is healthy because of the protein. That's actually what I ate when I realized I hadn't eaten all day, a big spoonful of peanut butter. It's also great in a pinch when you are taking your meds in the morning and don't have time for a proper breakfast.  Well it's gotten to the point where my feet are blue sometimes.. I got a pedicure and the lady pointed it out and was worried hahaha.  Tried strattera at the behest of my psych, took me about a week to realize that it was what was making me feel so weird. It got pretty intense the last couple days, so much so that once I realized that it was the problem I stopped immediately and was much better after. Sticking with Vyvanse. I was on the severe side of the side effects, longest I could do was a month. I just about wanted to puke each time I tried to eat something. It was not fun at all. I blocked out the other side effect, Ritalin or adderall work just fine for me, but I have kinetic tremors. Which get worse with stimulants. But it didnt work out for me. Oh, the difference I feel isn't in my hunger level. I just feel more alert and "together" when I eat breakfast.

I guess it's because I start the day with a gallon of gas in the tank rather than coasting along on E until I jam some food into my stomach later in the day. Kudos to you for having to balance all of that. I usually just find myself thinking at midnight "Oh, I didn't eat all day..", but I'm never hungry. Sucks a bunch. Agreed. It's not something that anybody should take to lose weight by any means. But for the exact same reason as you I have completely turned my diet around and eat nothing but healthy food. That's such a good idea. I love getting naked! Source?  Peanut Butter FTW!

Back in my day, I called it "poor man's ramen." One tablespoon will fill you up as much as a bowl of ramen, and ounce for ounce is much cheaper.

My shitty diet had way more to do with poverty than Adderall back then, though. I have pretty chronic ADD.  I have to take Adderall plus Strattera and Wellbutrin just to be productive during the day.
 Check out their Green and Protein line. It's new and VERY filling. Oh and delicious of course
 I think it's just a generalization of the stimulant effect of meds; higher heart rate, getting dehydrated and hungry faster, etc, it's like your whole system speeds up. Agreed. I just wanted to point out that they don't make anyone burn sugars faster. We burn more calories in a day, perhaps, simply because the heart rate is raised. We don't burn calories faster though and we don't prioritize sugars or any other kind of nutrient. I don't want people thinking that we can eat differently or we have different nutritional needs. We need to remember to eat, yes, but not anything different than a healthy balanced diet. 