Oh shit i forgot to eat today That explains the everything It's weird, when I'm really bored and have nothing to do I'll constantly be eating something but if I get really into a game or something I'll just forget to eat. This is largely why I started drinking protein shakes. Yeah I do this so often. I forget to eat lunch at school most days. Some days I forget to eat breakfast too so I’m *starving* by the time I get home. I order soylent shakes to keep in the cupboard for days just like that.  Because I'm *useless* at remembering to eat.  Almost every day! Hi, son.  

My kid actually gained weight when he got on a good stimulant because he’d actually eat something instead of running his damn mouth throughout mealtimes... This will definitely not be me today. At work, realized I forgot me meds. Today is going to be a very \*expensive\* day. That's why I save it all for the night and get it all done in one sitting.  ALL. THE. TIME. 

left to my own devices (on weekends usually) i'll go out to dinner with friends and realize i'm having breakfast at 8pm I *wish* I could remember NOT to eat! This would be a miracle for my weight loss initiative!! You are blessed my friend..really blessed.

This is just my humble opinion.  I ended up accidentally losing a bunch of weight like this, my brother ended up noticing, he makes sure I eat at least once a day now, when he's not here, I have an alarm set for the afternoon to get a snack The one thing I have never understood. Food has always been such a priority for me but then again I have always been practicing sports of some type so not eating is a big no no that compromises my performance.  I have a phone timer reminding me to eat.

Since taking meds, my appetite has disappeared.

I have never been a breakfast person, but now I'm not a lunch or dinner person.

I have lost a bunch of weight just regulating my diet. ~2,000 calories a day consistently.

Since I don't have an appetite, eating is utilitarian.

I still cook nice food for my wife, but I just don't crave more than a bite or two. Taking Concerta makes my appetite disappear, so, combined with my crappy memory, I forget to eat all the time.

  me everyday Yup. I'm never hungry on my medicine but I'm bored and that entire bag of chips looks pretty good right now.  Special K protein shakes & meal bars are such a blessing Same. Prep 1 month of breakfast burritos, buy bread, peanut butter and 3 different jams depending on my feels for lunch, and buy all the ingredients for a 3k calorie shake before bed. So much easier, healthier and cheaper then "shit I forgot all my calories time to go to waffle house." Same These saved my life. Or at least kept me vaguely healthy I’ve thought about doing this, are they any good/worth it? Better than protein bars?  I do this all the time. Talk so much I forget to eat at work, going to get a snack is more interesting than doing the actual work. so yeah, i pig out. at home... "i'm having breakfast at 8pm... brain y u do this to me?" If your body fat is in the normal or above average range, it's a lot easier to go a day or two without eating, compared to a lean or athletic body fat percentage. Except for the pscychiligical habit of eating, your body really doesn't really notice, in my experience.  It’s not that my appetite goes away — it’s that I’m hungry, but I am hyperfocusing on something else so it doesn’t really register in my brain. As soon as the hyperfocusing ends, it hits me that I’m actually starving, but by then, it’s often too late to, say, get dinner. Same. People always talk about how they never had an appetite/lost weight because of forgetting to eat while on Adderall, but with me, I've gained weight. Sure, I may not have an appetite, but that doesn't stop my overly-impulsive ass from munching non-stop. The only thing Adderall does to help curb that is helping me rationalize that I don't need it.

But then the fat bitch in me goes all Spongebob: "I NEED IT!!!!" This just made me decide at home: I can't eat much junk food and I also have to encourage others not to bring it in as much as they did before. This makes a lot of other products increase in necessity of eating them because I limit my freedom of choice. When you have enough junk, you can pretty much forget about the better choices you can still make because, well, JUNK, AM I RIGHT?

:P If only my sensitive stomach could allow such easy fixings.. vegan shakes will even upset my stomach to a degree. I have found value in sugarless cereals, yogurt, fruits, sunflower butter and jelly sandwiches (highly recommend).  What's your 3k calorie shake include? Can't handle most of the ingredients in them. Wish it was that easy for my sensitive stomach. Sunflower butter is a great replacement for pb tho! They're better for me because it's easier somehow to drink than to chew? I also have shitty teeth from a lifetime of pre-realising-I-had-ADHD neglect, and protein bars tend to be chewy, idk.  

I get Aussielent which comes as a powder, and I keep frozen strawberries & mango in the freezer and I have one of those single-bottle-size blenders, so that plus milk and a banana if I have any makes a solid meal that keeps me full.

 It's actually made a big difference in my life because before I got into this my diet was completely horrific and I always had terrible skin and crappy fingernails and frizzy hair, and whatever is in that powder, it obviously has some nutrient I was missing, because all those things are clearing up.  

it's not the most exciting thing to drink but it's right there and if I've forgotten to eat and to shop and my fridge is full of expired groceries, Aussielent has a 12 month shelf life, so i don't have to either starve or order pizza or drive to McDonalds at 3am.  I have been lean as fuck from 75 to 95kg and I am used to fasting for up to 22 hours and even 36. But for me it has always been a very conscious choice not to eat so I don't know.

Only when taking medication however did it become easy to forget, though I actively combated that urge and continually forced myself to eat which was a battle.
 Love me some sunflower butter! It’s not as healthy but uh, have you tried pb & b? More pb than b- but so good I wonder if soylent would work for you. It's a meal replacement that doesn't have a lot of added stuff - it's really intended to be 1/5 of your nutrition for a day. They have flavors now, but the original one is bland and the taste reminds me of rice. They have samples on Amazon, I think (costs $4 but comes with a coupon for $4 off your next order of a long list of things). You should check it out!  Mind you I'm lactose intolerant (VERY LACTOSE INTOLERANT). So for each shake I need 8 of the fast act lactaid pills (the non fast act is entirely useless). 

2 cups of whole milk (if you have a milk allergy substitute this in this order with almond milk -> soy milk -> coconut milk, if you have lactose intolerant just buy the lactose pills, as the alternatives are costly and less nutrional. Also if you get milk, just buy whole milk, it's much more nutrionally dense and often cheaper too.)

1 6oz of pre-blended Greek yogurt (I use key lime, this is where your flavor is, I buy the 5.3oz singles cause the big boxes only come in vanilla and plain)

2 TBSP of peanut butter (sunflower works great)

2 cups of oats

2 scoops of your choice of mass builder (bodybuilding.com is usually the cheapest, there are soy ones too. I personally can suggest allmax quickmax as it blends really smooth even with water and a spoon which is very uncommon.)

That's it. I previously did 1 cup of oats and 1 cup of ground almonds, but I found almonds to just be to expensive in bulk and the increased fiber from more oats and only a reduction of 4g of protein was fine for me.

Blend your oats first, put in another dish then put in milk and everything else including the oats and blend again. If you don't do this the oats make it have a gross consistency. Thank you! I'm glad it's working for you! b as in banana, right lol. I have a weird relationship with bananas. I like them sometimes, but never liked them as a kid, so I think I have PTSD. Pb is an inflammatory so that is why I have switched to sunflower, but sunflower and bananas taste good too! I had SF and apple this morning, actually. I might give it a shot, but I always thought they were a protein shake with coffee. Seems like some do not have the coffee. But I have just had a terrible time with premixed drinks and anything with preservatives or gums or sugar or any extra stuff. We'll see. Seconding soylent (I buy Aussielent) - this shit saves me on the regular.  Thanks for this! My personal shake routine has been oat flour, chocolate pea protein, spinach, spiralina, flaxseed. My problem is I find it difficult to consume large shakes, and they must be thinned out. I will probably just have to build myself up to it. I'm always worried to waste the money on mass builders because they've always irritated my stomach. But I think I need to try it again. I'll try yogurt too, I do make yogurt fruit smoothies often but never in my protein shakes. Might help the digestion too. Thanks for your tips! ps. need a larger blender, magic bullet doesn't hold enough. No actually lol, pb & butter. The butter gives a little sweetness to the pb, it was one of my favorite poor people foods when I was a kid lol.  Yea, the coffee version is just a variant. The original idea was to make a meal replacement that was everything you need, rather than a sugary drink thing. It is supposed to be a complete food, rather than a protein shake. 

I don't know about preservatives and such, but it isn't very sugary. The ingredients are all really carefully chosen. Hopefully it works for you. It helped me a lot when I was having trouble getting enough to eat. For reference, I like to drink it very cold with a bit of water added.  AHHH! Yes, similar to my favorite poor people food as a kid, pb and mw (miracle whip). Don't @ me. ;) Thanks, friend! :) 