I cried doing laundry today. I wanted to scream. It expends so much energy I don't have. I'm clumsy and disorganized so I expend even more. I do it angrily because it's the only energy source I can pull from. I cry when I'm angry, because it's exhausting. This is ADHD. :( You did the damn laundry, its more than A LOT of people can say unfortunately (even ppl w/o adhd) No one enjoys doing laundry, and if they do i dont want to meet them. I used to suck at laundry but now ive done it so much its almost second nature. The hardest part for me was hanging up laundry but i got decent. Im also bad at seperating stuff. Whats the hard part for you? I was just thinking the other day that my only source of energy is anxiety. Im in full blown hair on fire or I'm wiped out.  Same. I cried while folding 2 week old clean laundry from 3 different cycles today. I cry because sometimes I have get it out so I can think straight. My husband will just hold my hand. He doesn’t understand why but he knows I have to get it out and once I do I can trying to put myself back together. I get overwhelmed easy and I close up and panic. Sometimes just getting it out clears room for something else. You aren’t alone.  I'm right there with you. I'm also cheap af, so I cloth diaper with a small stash, so like it or not, I have to do laundry often, or the kid is going to be shitting in my tshirts.

I find it helpful to have someone hang out with me while I fold and sort. They don't even have to actively help, just be there, hanging out, chatting. You can actually tell how much recent company I've had by how much laundry is piled up, waiting to be put away. I could really use a visitor right now... You did it & that’s awesome! Most weeks I do good to dump the clean clothes out of the hamper and put the dirty ones in.   I currently have mountains of laundry all sorted into piles and ready to go and I still can't pull out the energy to just throw the soap in the machine and do the damn thing. I hope you (and I) can find a way to get things like this done without being mad at ourselves. It's no fun to abuse yourself through life. I've discovered that the laundromat is my best friend. Seriously. Before I had to move, my washer/dryer was in a nasty spidery basement. I'd throw a load in, forget it for 2 days, have to redo it, dry it, then forget to fold it, then forget to pack it away. But at the laundromat, they have free wifi, people I can talk to or not, and TV. I have to stay until it's done, and it's so convenient! 4 hours max every 2 weeks. Find a good laundromat.  Anyway, pat yourself on the back for doing laundry at all, it sucks and I'm proud of you. Treat yourself WHILE you do something difficult, I find that really helps. Download some music you like. Get some candy or chips. Watch a movie you like. You're awesome, you deserve this! Thank you for letting us comfort you. You can return the favor as needed and pay it forward. I feel this today. It is completely exhausting, but at least you've done something. I've had days and days of nothing but time to get things done and I don't even watch tv, I just sit there doing nothing.  Laundry and dishes, man. Thanks for articulating this. Happens to me too.  I was traumatized as a kid after leaving a pile of clothes on my floor for... a while, and upon picking it up to cart down to the laundry I noticed that there were insect skin sheddings and also live insects (I had wood floors, and we had house centipedes and I was convinced that this was their *barf* larvae). They had taken up residence in the stinky pile. After that I couldn't leave any clothes on the floor in a pile because I was terrified of what I might find once I picked them up.  Awww the laundry is my biggest battle too. Feel your pain.  Put on a podcast. It will quiet the angry part of your brain. You can use the energy conserved by turning the beast in our brains to listening mode into energy to do the laundry. Bonus effect, your focus on the task will last as long as the podcast.

Also, homogenize your sock drawer. If you can, throw away all of your different socks and buy a bunch of pairs of the same socks. Makes laundry easier as well as getting dressed in the morning. Could you have anxiety? I am with the Parents but try to pull my weight ( doesn't always go to plan) but could you out source it, weather it be a dry cleaning service or the high school kid next door that is saving up for a car? I  have  worked out that paying someone to help even just a one off thing is sometimes worth it ( I have disability funding  in my location so that helps alot). Have  had a appointment with a professional organizer that  gets ADHD. So simple things, that might help 

1. breaking down into chunks, do a load a day 
2. having routines
3. having things where you will remember the next step, ( so for me tablets next to makeup bag.  
4. lunchbox near sink I'm 33y/o and a single father. I recently got diagnosed with ADD and before, even with my daughter's help, it was a struggle to do laundry. My biggest struggle has been folding it, since usually all I have to do is 1 load of washing and drying weekly. I have 2-3 weeks of laundry around without folding and my recent one is usually inside the dryer for the most part of the week. I understand the struggle, so sometimes I try to play some music and when I actually decide to fold laundry I try to do it while I watch some TV show or cartoons  (something to distract me from realizing what I'm doing). I hope you find the help and support to carry on with your daily life. Laundry is boring and over stimulating for me - the colors, textures, the disorganized pile of chaos makes me crazy.  I have a family so the loads are huge and managing every bleeping sock, underwear, shirt etc... into its proper drawer and closet is absolute hell.  
If it’s too much, my bbsitter does it for me.  It’s funny because I’m successful and intelligent, yet, sometimes I just can’t do it and she makes it look sooo easy.  I literally kiss the ground she walks on. If I may suggest, check out some of eckhart tolles work.  The power of now especially.   It helped me be in the moment without hating it.  Might help you too :)  If you think that's bad, try doing laundry with a  dorm washing machine that constantly breaks so you go through all that all for your clothes to get stuck in the machine or not get clean  You’ve inspired me to actually fold the 5 baskets of clean clothes I have sitting in the spare bedrooom. So boom! You did your own laundry and helped with someone else’s today. Awesome! [deleted] I'm actually fine with doing the laundry and think it's almost enjoyable. Wanna meet up some time for a cup of coffee?

No, seriously, I find most household chores annoying (washing dishes being the worst). But laundry is okay, probably because I really like the clothes I'm wearing, and I like the fact that I'll be able to use them again after washing them and hanging them up.... Which brings me to the question if I would enjoy washing the dishes more if I had beautiful dishes that pleased my senses? No probably not, I just hate the grease and the messiness that comes with washing dishes.  [deleted] SAME  Shoutout to your husband. Mine will do this too and it just hit me how lucky we are to have that hand to hold.  [deleted] [deleted] Maybe next time you need to do it but dont want to, get a class of water or a snack, and build off the small amount of momentum you got from that, and work from there? I once lived in an area where the cheapest, most convenient option was to take my dirty laundry to a service. 

They washed and folded everything and it didn’t cost me much more than a laundromat would have.

Something to consider if you have the budget. Seriously. Sort of off topic but I was vegetarian for a long time and after re-introducing meat I've disliked doing dishes more than ever before. The grease is somehow stickier and more difficult to wash off than non-animal fats. It's incredibly annoying to the point where I have to change the way I stack/rinse/wash because if I see someone rinsing off a greasy meat dish over non-greasy (cleaner) dishes in the sink I flip out.  I either take depression or anxiety, the reason I choose anxiety most of the time is because I get something done and feel a bit good about myself for a little while. I watch funny YouTube videos. I also do short, frequent loads. Hang in there, OP.  Perhaps you have iron deficient anemia.  It will make you feel totally winded, exhausted, can't feel awake even after you've slept enough, and it makes you extremely forgetful.  Perhaps ask your doctor to send you for a blood test.  It's a super easy problem to solve - if that is indeed the problem. I am right there with you living in PJs. I try to do boring things like folding laundry or peeling potatoes in front of the TV. 