Washington weather seems familiar...  When I lived in Qatar I saw this on my morning commute and it really reminded me of this exact scene. 

https://i.imgur.com/hf8rvww.jpg I KNEW there was something the sun was reminding me of!!!!!!  That color... Haha I’ve been saying this all week Kinda works out, as I'm recreating that scene on stage in a park... No wonder it's been so hot--I'm on FREAKING TATOOINE!!! Familiar weather in Washington is I got up this morning and said to my husband, "A red moon rises. Blood has been spilled this night. Oh wait! That's the sun!!" *"Mos Seattleport. You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villany"* I was gonna post a pic of Corellia from SWtoR but this is also apt. I couldn’t disagree more.  Dat jpeg tho. How cheap are the Costco gas over there?  OK, inquiring minds want to know. It is pronounced "Cutter," or "Katter," or "Kah-tar?" It drives me crazy!!! IKR! Same. Same Anytime anyone can make a SW reference and it actually make sense is good stuff. Tell me how that goes. Hi I was thinking of you the entire time. You haven't watched star wars in a while. That's what it looks like. 

You can thank Disney and George for never offering a restored HD version and instead offering movies no one wanted with plotholes the same size as the gaping holes the writers had in their understanding of the characters.  Thats how it looks on the VHS tape also. Wait Tatooine has Costco now? No costco (when I was there at least). Gas was like 1.5-2 QAR per liter. Roughly 4 liters in a gallon. Something like $1.50-2/gallon.  It's "Cutter" Funny, I was just talking to a co worker about that yesterday. I grew up pronouncing it “kuh-tar”, as did most people I think. Now days most people in “the know”, the news, DoD, or DoS, say “cutter”. That is closer to the Arabic pronunciation. It’s like the anglicized correct pronunciation. Without doing any research, from what I can recall, an actual Arabic speaker would say something more like “kuh-utter”.  Great, so far! Six shows down, two to go! HI You’re right I haven’t in years. Mostly because I want to see them as I remember them as a kid. Not with these stupid cgi scenes that look terrible and add nothing. I want a remastered release of the true originals.  Yeah I guess it has been so long since I watched it. But I still kinda mean it regardless, though it’s obviously not your fault. Been a while since I watched them. Now I want to watch them. The VHS that is.  I was joking about Costco.  Where is being held might stop by. small internets Check out Harmy's Despecialized remasters they are top notch. 

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harmy%27s\_Despecialized\_Edition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harmy%27s_Despecialized_Edition) Well they are all over the world haha. When I went to cancel my Costco membership before I moved they actually looked it up to see if there was one.  Blanche Lavizzo Park, 7pm Saturday and Sunday. It's a full theatrical adaptation of A New Hope. For free! small universe, apparently... That's true.  Noted thank you. 