After sweltering stretch, Seattle’s heat wave is over for the year: National Weather Service  I bought a portable AC unit a couple days ago, via Murphy's law I ended the heat wave.

You're welcome. This seems a little premature August heat waves happen > "While temperatures may warm up again later in August, they won’t feel as hot as they did this month because the days will get shorter and sunlight will hit Earth at a lower angle, Haner said"

We've got some breaking news here.  This sounds too good to be true. "Sweltering"

Man, I just got around to buying a box fan yesterday.  It's seemed pretty tame compared to the last couple years for the YEAR?  Can't allow myself to have that dream. Of course this happened right after we caved and bought a portable air conditioner.  Thank God !!! Let's get back to the rain. Living in a shitty old apartment in Tukwila with no AC that gets a lot of direct sunlight has been brutal, even with several fans.

This is great news. Man, I’m gonna miss the hot weather. I’m not ready for summer to be over yet. 

Gotta get my vitamin D while I can around here.  Doubt that, August is coming up and the smoke is coming back it will trap heat in Riiiiiiiiiiight. These past few weeks have been the best display of weather of the year. I've been outside more than the past two years.

Although, I am southern Georgia born and raised.

...y'all should visit sometime. I feel like I got lucky with where I live it keeps nice and temperate. My first apartment, it was like living in a hot box.  Finally! I moved back from DC last year, and this is why.  I can handle a Seattle heat wave a lot easier than a regular Tuesday evening in DC.   [Non-blurry mirror](http://archive.is/YKaGu) Hmmmm - 90 degrees is 90 degrees thus a 90 degrees in July is just as hot as a 90 degree day in August. Hot days in August don’t feel cooler than the same temperature day in July. Temperature just doesn’t work that way. 

Now it may get cooler quicker because there’s less daylight, there may be less time in the day where there’s peak temperature but a hot day is still a hot day.  Transplants from various parts of the country are now noticeably confused. Shit, I was just about to buy one today. 
Glad I saw this!  NEED MORE....15 years here and from Chicago....just getting warmed up! Now, can we do something about the air quality? [deleted] After living of the East side of the state for 5 years, I finally broke down and got an ac unit. This week is average of 98 for the highs, with certain areas reaching 105. 

I doubt it's over for the whole state, but Seattle might be going back to 60s/70s [deleted] Thank you for your sacrifice. If you could buy another one in July 2019 that'd be great. Thanks man. Can you also buy some solar panels? I could use some rain. I bought mine on Saturday. It’s being delivered tomorrow. We ordered our very first one on Sunday! The timing of this story is ridiculous! I did that two years in a row then returned AC when it got cooler cause I am very space limited in apt.

This year, I just turned the windows fans on max, bought a new tower fan and sat around naked with a spray bottle.

I win Same here, well a second portable AC. Then I found out I can't run both my portable AC's at the same time because both rooms are on the same breaker. Damn! I just bought a fucking Penguino portable AC last week from Costco. I also just bought one so I helped!  Can we put you on currency of some sort? You're a god damn hero.  thank you so much I was searching for ac units all night last night Thanks. I almost caved this year.  Mine arrived today. Nope, I'm getting ac installed tomorrow after scheduling back in late june. I get to take the credit Didn't read the forecast first? But the days are shorter and the angle of the sun will change based on our latitude.  that, and our Fall's are getting hotter every year - even into October, but no upper 80's You still gotta inform or convince those "Flat Earth" people somehow... You will be set when the inevitable forest fire smoke drifts in later this year. Just buy some 20x20 furnace filters, duct tape them to the box fans and poof. High capacity air filters.  I have 2 ! Join the club.  The sun hits my bedroom sliding door the entire second half of the day, it sucks without AC  Cheap lesson.  You'll have it next summer! My new car's paint would appreciate less rain. I feel like the only person that likes hot weather in Seattle.  Good to know I'm not alone! I was sad it was cooler today. I still haven't taken a trip to the coast, which is cold except for the hottest days, and still lots of camping and swimming to be done.  It's so beautiful around here, and so little time to fully enjoy all the outdoor activities, especially if your favorite ones involve swimming and you don't enjoy being cold. No other place I want to live though.  I could use a vacation house somewhere hot in January though! Move to fucking Scottsdale please... Thank you Heat wave season is done. Now it’s smoke season. https://m.seattlepi.com/local/weather/article/hazy-in-Seattle-air-quality-fires-13116599.php Sweaters in fucking Seattle? 10 months outa the year?  Move to Scottsdale for fucks sake.... I can relate 100%. Also-- you can't talk about how you really feel about Seattle's weather on here, you just get downvoted. It's like the Seattle freeze leeches onto here, too!  This depends on how the house is built.

Older houses with no insulation and no tree cover can get *very* hot in the summer, with temperatures inside being hotter then temperatures outside.

Newer houses with better ventilation, higher ceilings, and natural shade, stay cooler. I'll see if pulling it out of storage and shaking it threateningly would do the trick before I go that far. I second this. pics or it didn't happen why is this getting downvoted I'm actually planning on using it to turn my unused half bath into a wine cellar/fermentation closet during the rest of the year, so overall I'm pretty happy with the purchase. If you'd caved we could have been out of this mess faster. To be clear, I received the unit a couple days ago. I bought it back when the forecast was foreshadowing the 90 degree weekend at the end of the 10 day forecast. I remember many summers where August and beginning of September were the worst as a kid. You read the article too, I see.  Fall is the best. still warm, but with a cool breeze. can't wait! Even better with how I normally set up my fan (if I have one), which is in a "pull" configuration so it vents hot air out. I'll just have to get a dozen filters and tape them to the screens on open windows elsewhere.

On the plus side, it should be a pretty low resistance filtration system. I’ve been doing this for years since I don’t have central air/heating with filters. A couple bungee cords work well to hold the filters, and I run timers so they go full bore at night while I’m sleeping. These are super handy. I use a couple in the woodshop to help with dust (alongside a professional air-cleaner) remember to get the more expensive filters that are rated for smoke though, the cheap ones let it pass right through. This is a solid suggestion.  I made one and measured the air particles before/after and it performs as well as a $100 heap filter unit. Eh, it's Seattle. It's hot for half a dozen days a year, and even then it's just "unpleasantly hot", nothing terrible.

My car's AC gets way more use as a defogger than a cooling unit. Haven't used it yet this summer. I just bought a fucking second one! Right there with ya. 

Born here in Oly, I like the inverse days at the beach where the wind blows offshore. Although super rare, like three times a summer, it’s hotter at the ocean than it is inland. 

And hell, I like my rivers and lakes cold. It means the water is fresh and clean, straight from a freaking mountain. Water quality is important for my family. If I have to take a shower after swimming in your mud puddle you call a lake, no thanks. 

You’re right though about a summer home, every April we vacay to the desert, because around that time, me and the fam are ready for a week of pool time out in the sun. Can’t afford that summer home yet :) I’ve lived in Western Washington all my life, minus 4 years for college in California, and I like the 4 seasons; I like it when it’s hot, and I like it when it rains. 

I grew up here and appreciate that the summer won’t last forever, and I need to enjoy it while I can.  I think Scottsdale might be moving here, based on climate change. [deleted] Just pretend it isn't working and add the new AC to cart. That usually does the trick. Liberals tax even humor  This gonna be an expensive way to chill your wine... [deleted] I can’t load it on mobile but I would guess we have a marine layer moving in that will stick around till the end of August and that’s why the prediction is so far out. Bungie cords is a great idea! I printed some clips but they don't work all that well. I will give the bungie cord trick a try.  Did you just move here this year? Last July and August were sunny and warm to the point of breaking records. And every year before that has dry and warm stretches. There is nothing worse than an apartment with east or west facing windows and no airflow. I left everyday to drink the heat away when I was on the top floor of a three story on a hill with no tree cover since the only way to move air in my studio were fans (I even turned on the ducted kitchen fan). The guys on the west side had it worse at night but the sun rose early on my side. Also, cold lakes and rivers don't turn into such bad cesspools in the worst of the summer.  All kinds of small lakes in the midwest and south just reek, and become mosquito and fly pits.  Gimme lake Michigan or lake Washington any day.  If I want a beach I'll go to hawaii (also a win as it's a short hop from Seattle). > I'm wearing a sweater right now! 

https://i.imgur.com/XZJSgPg.gif why did you turn this into a liberal vs. conservative thing out of nowhere It's a remarkably well insulated room. I'm not too worried. It's not like it's going to be crazy cold, and it'll help heat the rest of the place at the same time. 👌 [deleted] Nah, I've been here for a while. I'm just from a place where the average temperature is north of 80 for a quarter of the year (whereas Seattle's average doesn't even hit 80), and the humidity is fucking awful.

It gets unpleasant here, but rarely for more than a couple days. That's why AC is still abnormal here but a given in a lot of other places. I'd much rather death with a full Seattle summer than two weeks of walking around in midwest 90+ degree soup.  Cult mentality that’s why > On Thursday, cool, murky marine clouds will move into the region...

Well, that's actually kinda what they said, but the conspiracy theory about privately-held media outlets is pretty entertaining!  Heat waves happen literally every year, regardless of climate change. Climate change is happening, but it is a large scale macro trend. You can't attribute a single micro event like a heat wave to climate change with any sort of scientific certainty. >I'd much rather death with a full Seattle summer than two weeks of walking around in midwest 90+ degree soup. 

I think you meant "deal"... At first I thought you might have tried "live," and if so I was greatly amused with the autocorrection, "Deal" just seems more likely. 