MARTA vs. The Disabled  The number of individuals that operate motorized wheelchairs in the roadways of our fair city never ceases to amaze me. The route on the front of the bus clarifies the scene [FTFY](http://i.imgur.com/BH3zUai.jpg) Watched this from my window yesterday. Took them like 3 hours to finally move the bus.   Credit goes to my brother who snapped this on his way to work. lol BANKHEAD  I hope that person was okay but this honestly doesn't surprise me in the slightest. Whats with all the motorized wheelchair people strait up rolling along in the streets? I've seen them going the wrong way down one way streets and everything! Its like some people have nothing better to do than inconvenience people trying to productively go about their day.  Same incident from the perspective of the folks on the curb:
[http://instagram.com/p/mvqiFAOEkn/](http://instagram.com/p/mvqiFAOEkn/)  

(not mine, just came across it) I'm just waiting for the day we see them driving in the left lane of 75. Then and only then will we have reached our potential as traffic hell capitol of the world. [deleted] It looks like the bus took to the sidewalk around the corner, though.  Scooter could have been on the sidewalk possibly? I came here to say that This is what I came for. That'll do donkey, that'll do. Excellent. are you my neighbor? WSB this thing. They'd love it. [HHHRRRRRRRRRR!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ah4VQXe8YqU) Well, they are "alternative fuel vehicles", so they may be eligible to use the HOV lane, too. It's because most of the sidewalks in Atlanta are totally fucked up and a hassle to walk on, much less roll on. Especially in the area of that bus route I would venture to guess. This picture appears to show the electric wheelchair crossing a crosswalk at an intersection. Dude, I see a wheelchair dude on Hosea most mornings. Homie blew a red light today. 

To be fair, some parts of the sidewalk totally suck on Hosea.  Just to fill you in on why joggers use the road instead of the highway - It's actually really bad for your knees to run on concrete. Asphalt actually has a slight give to it, which is better for your knees.  
  
With that said, if you're going to run in the road, keep it to side streets with no traffic. It's easy to hate on them but I skate on hosea for the same reason, my wheels can't take those sidewalks. Also, I'm sure they would be stranded if a complication arises. Blame welfare for giving them away Many of the sidewalks in this city to not have curb cuts to allow wheelchairs access. It is literally impossible to roll from Edgewood Retail District to Little Five Points because the sidewalks are horrible and lack curb cuts at the ramp to Dekalb Ave.   Probably.  I mean, if you can see the N. Ave Marta station from your place, we could throw rocks & break each others windows.  lol From what I hear, it's pretty bad for your knees to be hit by a car while running in the road. While that's true, the difference is negligible.  [This guy](http://www.coolrunning.com/forums/Forum18/HTML/002052.shtml) did some research and found it to be like adding 1 extra stride for every 1000 you take.  In other words running a 5K on concrete is like running a 5K + 5 Meters on asphalt.

TLDR - Running on the fucking sidewalk. I highly doubt the give that asphalt has is really enough to make a difference. Sounds like more of a placebo-effect kind of thing to me. I once read that running on the road is worse for your knees and hips because the road slopes downward on the sides and your leg on the outside of the road always strikes at a lower level than the leg on the inside of the road. 

No idea how valid that is, it's just something I read once. I've been running for 20 some years in the streets and this is the first time I've heard that reason as to why. 

Most runners that run in the street do so because it's actually safer than running on sidewalks that have driveways or intersections. The added width of the sidewalk provides that much more space for the runner to see an approaching car and, hopefully, the driver to see the runner when the two cross paths. Most drivers aren't aware of whats happening on a sidewalk, but they are surely going to see that "asshole" jogger running on the side of the street towards them (if they are doing it right, you run into traffic and not with it).  Running on either fucks you, ride a bike much more rewarding Actually, roads are concave with the apex being at the center so that water will run off to the sides of the road. This angle is enough to cause IT band syndrome, a very painful condition that's difficult to get rid of. I went from running on trails to running on the roads in my neighborhood for a few weeks, and subsequently couldn't walk properly for more than 5 months because of ITBS.  How about I blame the city for not maintaining the fucking sidewalks?  That's why I pay taxes! Unless we are both on the North Ave side of the building, then it might be hard. Can confirm, was hit by a car in my teens while skateboarding. Knees not so good anymore. Can confirm.

Source: Drinking Hate to be the bearer of bad news, but in Atlanta, sidewalk upkeep and repair is not the duty of the city but of the abutting property's landowner per city code. Has been for a long time. It is arcane compared to most major cities, but you really don't pay enough in tax for meaningful upkeep to take place.  