Bicycle Lady Just wondering about the woman who takes the 77 and always brings her bicycle on. She claims it’s her wheelchair and takes about 10 minutes (literally, it just happened) to set it up on the bus. Is she legit or just taking advantage? I can’t seem to find any info. I know people have mentioned her on this sub before. I saw her on the RL once. T personnel were trying to kick her off for some reason, and she threw a fit about her "wheelchair." Confused the shit out of me at the time. What how do you claim a bike is a wheelchair? Does it like, look like a wheelchair? I don't get it. Must be crazy. I met her in the MGH ER. It was wacky seeing her bike around that back, BACK waiting area and all the nursing staff was like, "I'm not even going to try dealing with that, as long as she's not running anyone down."

I think I heard someone say that she has a condition where the normal sitting position is extremely painful, but she can't get by without some kind of supportive mobility aid (ie: not a walker or rollator). Apparently her parents hooked her up with  a bike as a solution when she was a kid and it's all she'll use now. Its possible to have a disability that makes riding and standing possible, but makes it difficult to walk for extended periods. But I don't know what her actual deal is. She's mentally unstable.  She's well known.   Only folding bikes are supposed to be brought onto a bus.  Other bikes should go on the racks in front. I thought she did that one the green line?  Did she move to Arlington/Cambridge? They should just use the older, high floor RTS buses on the routes she frequents. Let's see her drag the bike up one of those.  I've seen her on the Worcester line before, too. Could you be more specific Almost makes one pine for the good old days of state hospitals. She's been discussed on here a few times, among other places.   links?  Not sure how to search for this. [Here you go bud!!](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=reddit+boston+bike+lady) First result. 