The majority of B Line stations don't meet Americans with Disability Act standards  [deleted] Most of the above ground MBTA stations do not. The E line lets you off in the middle of the damn street after Brigham Circle... Pretty sure Comm Ave is slated for a complete overhaul. The road will be drastically changed, tracks realigned, etc, and I'm sure all of the platforms will be up to spec. While it's good that bostinno is bringing up this issue, it isn't exactly a secret that they discovered during an investigation.  Just look at the [subway map](http://mbta.com/schedules_and_maps/subway/) and you'll see which stations aren't accessible. This is true but there is literally an accessibility department at the MBTA that is improving disabled access across the city. It was not too long ago when no stations were handicapped accessible. My personal peeve with MBTA accessibility is that, despite spending a lot of money building new elevators at Park Street and Downtown Crossing, the signage is *terrible*!  

What's the point of building elevators if nobody can find them?

I wandered around for a really long time trying to figure out how to transfer from Red to Orange by elevator.  It turns out that for the northbound Orange Line, you have to leave the station and re-enter.  (Supposedly a T employee will buzz you in for free.) For the southbound Orange, you have to go through the Winter Street passage to Park Street.

The new elevator from the southbound Orange platform to the street is down a hidden passage around a corner, with no sign.

The new elevators from the street to the Green Line don't have signs saying which platform they go to. You just have to know that the elevator on the Common goes to the westbound platform, and the elevator on the other side of Tremont goes to the eastbound. wonder if they'll have to close the stations for 2 years to fix the problems like they are for the ironically named government station stop. Our tax dollars hard at work! 

MBTA is a disgrace. [deleted] I've been through some major health issues, and I spent a good two years mostly in a wheelchair, and another few with a cane.

Riding the T in a wheelchair was one of the most dehumanizing, infuriating, aggravating things I ever experienced. I ended up choosing rolling up icy sidewalks and dodging traffic over getting ignored by the 4th 66 in a row more often than not. 

Often they would flat-out ignore you. If you were the only person at a stop, bus or trolley, you had a good chance of being ignored. If you call and complain, they just say "Oh, they must not have seen you!" and offer you one of those free ride vouchers that arrive after a few weeks. Yay.

I know it's frustrating, I know the ramp and the straps and all that suck, I know it slows everyone down, but having the bus driver look at you and then just drive away? Repeatedly? In a snowstorm? All at the same spot over and over? Yeah, a unique way to make you feel like human garbage. 

 To play devil's advocate-- why open the doors when nobody is using them/the driver doesn't know to open them? I don't know what's stopping her from telling her friend to tell the driver to open the handicap doors, if she couldn't herself.  It's a streetcar.  That's the idea.  Now it's just a matter of making it ADA accessible... Source on this? Haven't heard- interested in learning more.  Didn't see you submitting a design doc, bub. In 1980, nearly 0% of all T stations were accessible. Now, it's 74%. In 1990, the T's bus fleet was comprised entirely of high floor buses with 65% of them lacking wheelchair lifts. Now, only 9.38% of the T's bus fleet are high floor buses, and all of the buses are wheelchair accessible. The percentage of high floor buses will drop to 3.64% by next year and 0% by 2016. Sure, elevators malfunction more often than what we'd like, the automated stop announcements onboard buses and trolleys for vision and hearing impaired passengers don't always work, and some asshole bus drivers and trolley operators neglect their wheelchair-bound passengers, but the fact that the T has spent hundreds of millions of dollars over the past 3 decades to install elevators and tactile strips at stations and retrofit buses and trolleys with ADA compliant automated stop announcement systems shows that they are serious about accommodating disabled passengers. Why isn't T management making a big deal over this?  Besides the fact that it's a horrible, offensive thing to do, it also opens them up to lawsuits.

If I'm ever on a bus and the driver bypasses someone in a wheelchair (or someone not in a wheelchair, for that matter), I'm sure going to speak up about it. I'm honestly not sure, but I'm almost positive there is a handicapped button (on both inside and outside) that alerts the driver. I could totally be wrong, though.  I'll see what I can dig up, maybe later tonight. I believe it has been referenced on archBoston within the past year, but I cannot recall exact sources or timelines without looking into it some more. name one privately held company that shuts down a location for 2 years to renovate and make something handicap accessible.

hell, the dunks down the street from me literally knocked down the entire building and built a completely new store in less than a month a few years back.

the idea of shutting a stop down for 2 years is completely absurd. if the mbta was a privately operated company, the station would already be re-opened, it would be clean, and the renovations would have cost a lot less. a 2 year rebuild proposal would have resulted in the submitter getting laughed out of the meeting. That's all well and good but let's not forget that many upgrades in the last decade were part of a settlement agreement after they were sued in 2002 for not doing a good enough job. A settlement that took them 4 years to agree upon, so let's not delude ourselves into thinking that the T is efficient or proactive because we all know it's not.

If you actually [read the settlement](http://www.mbta.com/uploadedFiles/About_the_T/Reports/Capital_Investment_Program/bcil_settlement.pdf) there are a lot of things the T is *not* doing. Some of the things you refer to are a direct result of that lawsuit. They're not doing it because they're serious about accommodating disabled passengers, they're doing it because they're contractually obligated to. I have also noticed a lot of the older, Kinkisharo cars are now hitched with a newer car where there are two-car trains on the C/D lines , maybe B as well? Does anyone know more about this? It seems pretty wise, hopefully it can make waiting for an accessible train car a thing of the past for those who really rely on ADA standards. Oh, but this IS an improvement! This is the end result of, I think, the 3rd of 4th major "Holy shit stop doing that" lawsuit/public expose. 

http://bostoncil.org/advocacy/mbta-lawsuit.htm

And, every time, one of the things is teaching drivers how to treat with respect and courtesy.... but, after, like, 30 years of trying, I think its getting a little tiresome. The mirrors on the side of the doors, when open, can see all the way down. There's no fucking excuse for a driver of one of those trains not to be looking in them when the door opens. [deleted] And this comes from your extensive experience as an architect or civil engineer? That is MBTA standard operating procedure. You can no longer have double-Type-7s or single-Type-7s, they must always be coupled to a Type 8. Great in theory, but in practice is doesn't always happen. Especially when a train has to be split and a car pulled from service or turned around. I don't think that is part of the project. That would tie it up in red tape for years. Even moving a single disused bus stop can be dragged out for a year if someone fights it. Yeah, I do see a few trains that don't abide by this, but since about this spring, it seems they're really upping the instances. 