Where do your grandma and grandpa go to eat in and around Chicago? In my opinion old people have the best taste in restaurants. They don't care about presentation or ambiance as long as the food's good , the place is comfortable, and the price is affordable. As a kid, I use to go to this place Andrew's in Morton Grove with my grandpa all the where I'm pretty sure you weren't allowed inside unless you were in a wheelchair or had an oxygen tank. But damn, you could get a great 3 course meal for $12 and for whatever reason their soda fountain produced the best tasting Coke I ever had. What other geriatric-infested gastric gems are out there?  My grandparents used to eat at Old Country Buffet so there good your theory Lou Mitchell's diner is pretty popular among the old folks, and the food is damn good.  Heaven I have a similar theory.  I like watching Chicago restaurant shows (check please, Chicago's best).  I always look for old people in the restaurants because they always go to good, affordable places where you get the most bang for your buck.  I also look for restaurants with a lot of fat people because....well, they like to eat.  My grandma really likes brunch at Broadway Cellers, but I think it's mostly because they have bottomless mimosas and grandma is a lush.  Ditka's.

They used to like Mity Nice Grill until a new manager took over and started charging and extra $2 for my grandpa's Scotch to come "on the rocks" instead of neat. They ate there weekly for years, and haven't been in the few years since, meaning that charging for ice has cost the restaurant probably $5-10k. My grandpa used to take me to Andrew's! Chicago Brauhaus- Grandma and Grandpa were there, like, every Saturday night once upon a time. http://www.sabatinoschicago.com/ Dapper's. And Sabatino's and L Woods. Or they drive out to Bohemian Crystal or the Patio. Or takeout from LaVilla Club Lago in River North. Whenever I'm there I always am scoping the booming grannies. hahaha i'd say that conforms to the theory perfectly.  One of the top gems in the NW side for sure. I don't think I've ever had a meal there that wasn't superb. yes! great call. my dad's favorite restaurant. gonna show him this post whenever he claims not to be an old man.  If you think OCB is the kind of place you want to eat at, I can point you in the direction of several dumpsters behind his restaurants. Be kind.  Comment that his eye sparkles more than the flambe' dessert. 