Sublease canceled last minute while new Angelino is driving across the country to it - wheelchair accessible housing needed for PhD student. So a friend of mine is currently halfway from Chicago to LA to move here, finish her PhD, and begin a career of working in social services for queer youth & court-involved youth. She's a wheelchair user with a small, less-allergenic service dog. 

Her sublet for the month (to use while she looks for a permanent place) backed out on her after she had already left Chicago to drive here & shipped all her stuff! Now she's facing paying for a hotel until she finds an apartment, which will come out of already limited funds making this move as a student and person with a disability. 

I'm trying to help her find either...

A sublet from about 8/31-9/19 that is wheelchair accessible & has no cats in the home recently (she's severely allergic). 

OR

A permanent 1bd apartment under $1700 that is wheelchair accessible.

Wheelchair accessible means no stairs to entry and doors wide enough to get a wheelchair through. She doesn't need a roll in shower. A spacious bathroom would be nice though.

Ideal neighborhood would be Leimert Park or similar. Any leads very much appreciated - this is a good person who is very much needed in LA with as many youth as we have in our city facing homelessness & juvenile detention or similar.  [removed] If she is already enrolled as a PhD student at a school, they might have wheelchair accessible graduate housing, or other housing resources to help her out. Airbnb or vrbo are her best options.  Thanks for the suggestions! Her uni is in Chicago, she's here to finish her dissertation research and start her first job in her PhD field--so although there are some housing assistance options here, most of them take too long to enroll & require in-person enrollment.  Unfortunately she's running into #AirBnBwhiledisabled problems - a lot of hosts who advertise as wheelchair accessible mysteriously cancel reservations when someone with a wheelchair actually books. It's pretty fucked up. She even had a reservation at an official hotel, with email confirmation, mysteriously disappear into the "we have no record of you" black hole on the way here. Having a friend who's a wheelchair user has really opened my eyes to how much casual discrimination there is.  