Met Council approves $118 million contract with Siemens, a German-based firm, to design SWLRT vehicles  I'm starting to suspect the Star Tribune writes an article about the SWLRT nearly every day just to keep the ad revenue coming in from the comment debate that hasn't changed in years.

"Public transit is a boondoggle"

"No, here's some data"

"BUT CRIME AND THUGS"

"No, here's some more data"

"BOONDOGGLE" Im all for the train! Minneapolis is just cementing itself as a first rate city As someone who uses public transit for 1.5-2 hours every day I leave the house

^yaay Siemens is the GE of Europe. They do everything. They also have an engineering office in Minnetonka and a manufacturing office in shoreview.

 Yes!  The Germans do excellent transportation work. As a cyclist who also uses public transportation, I detest putting put at odds with handicapped people for space that is adjacent to the bike rack.

Some disabled/wheelchair/scooter bound people just stay next to the exit/enterance which creates other problems, those wheelchair/scooter bays don't accommodate all sizes of wheelchair/scooters.

Having to back up into a wheelchair bay when a chair is in there because people won't move out of my way because they want to stand right next to the exits makes me crazy.  It pits me against the wheelchair scooter people.

It could be done better.   My favorite comment from today (with 12 likes so far):
>Why are we paying Siemens to do desgin anything? Just buy more of the same cars. Pork beyond immigination. Pretty much. The Strib (and other local news) is pretty much just a PR outlet these days. The number of actual investigative journalists that ask hard questions and have the time to write hard stories is very small outside of the national media. We're doing fine. We dont need more people. Just creates more traffic and harms the environment. We dont need to aspire to be manhattan. fuck As long as the trains run on time, I don't really care who designs the SWLRT.

 I mean, I'm guessing only people who work on the lines or transit nerds like me know we switched from Bombardier trains from the Blue Line to Siemens for the Green Line. But even in the damn article they say Siemens will be improving the interiors to better accommodate handicapped riders...  I love that people think that these things can be purchased cheaply. They're all custom orders, economies of scale don't apply to these types of vehicles. Adding trains decreases traffic and is better for the environment. The better our transit network is the more people will use it. I mean unless you consider the whole run on electricity thing for the environment and the fact that every train rider is one less car - but yeah other than being completely wrong you are doing ok I think the edgelord had a different connotation in mind. "HANDICAPPED RIDERS NEED TO PULL THEMSELVES UP BY THEIR BOOTSTRAPS, JUST ONE MORE EXAMPLE OF MORE PORK" >beyond immigination 