Help me feel better about humanity To the people who didn't help me defend and old woman in a wheelchair from getting beaten up and robbed at Franklin Ave Station last night: It is your business. If you see a stranger who obviously needs help you don't hesitate. Don't just stand there and watch. It's not a show. Help us make Minneapolis a safer place.

Edit: One thing I wish I had done was tell someone to call 911 before trying to defend her. It was difficult to help and call the police at the same time, and I couldn't help as effectively. If this happens to you, tell a specific person to call 911 before offering assistance. I'm right there with you, man.  We gotta stand up to them.  But unfortunately this is a common problem.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bystander_effect Stand strong brother. You doing the right thing is all you can do. Im proud of you.  Can you tell us the full story? Good work.  Human life is too precious to not risk your own safety in support of those who can't defend theirs.   This is the third attack I've heard of this year involving someone beating up a person in a wheelchair. One happened this summer downtown outside of sneaky Pete's. Metro transit cops followed the guy (he hopped on the light rail to escape) and proceeded to beat the fear of God into him. 

Did you file a police report and give a good description? Thank you for efforts, the city is a better place because of people like you. [Watch this - it may help!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clNDUoxzSIc) Look, I'm not from here - so, I'm going to come at this with a distinctly non-Minnesotan viewpoint... but FUCK HUMANITY. You're the only one that gets to feel better about last night- the time a lady in a wheelchair needed help, and the whole world did nothing, and you alone said 'FUCK YOU WORLD, THAT'S NOT RIGHT' and you fixed it. Sure, you took a beating for doing the right thing- but that doesn't mean it wasn't right. You get one thing from this situation, and sadly, it's not a greatly valued commodity in these parts, You get one measure of genuine pride. Not the fake stuff, not 'I bought something pretty' pride. not 'we're all precious snowflakes and we each get a blue ribbon' pride - no. You get a bruise, or a cut, or a scar, and when people ask you 'what happened?' you get to say - 'I, alone, stepped in when an old lady in a wheelchair was getting attacked'

You're a fucking hero - don't doubt the world, it's the same as it ever was. But today, you're a better person than you've ever been. Keep up the good work bellybellybell  I've been in similar situations. It's not easy. Everyone's inaction in those moments stems from something unique: uncertainty, fear, confusion, ambivalence, an inappropriate sense of urgency, etc. Ultimately, it's still inaction, but we've got to hope that the people who see others act when they don't reflect the ethics and decisiveness of the Good Samaritan's actions back on themselves and respond differently in the future. Humans are generally altruistic by nature, which you should try keep in mind even when people fail to embody that quality at times. You did the right thing, though. I hope you and the woman are okay. [deleted] I heard once that the best way to prepare your self for an emergency is to plan it over in your head. Helping someone on the bus or in public has been something I review in my head alot... Sorry, man. Had I been there, I think I would have helped you. Hey, you did the right thing. Good on you.  I wasn't robbing that bitch, she owed me. I can only wait so long.

IM me if you want to place any bets on the games tomorrow. The solution to the Bystander Effect is if you are in an emergency scenario, do not yell generically for someone to "help", point at someone and specifically ask for help.

"You, with the glasses, call 911" is far more likely to get a stranger to act. Thanks for the kind words. I'm hoping people of Minneapolis who see this will step in and help if they see that someone needs it in the future. > Metro transit cops followed the guy (he hopped on the light rail to escape) and proceeded to beat the fear of God into him.

The cops physically beat the guy up? I filed a victim report because the attacker punched me in the face. There were also surveillance video recordings of the event. Thanks. I would do it again in a heartbeat. It was nothing compared to some of the stuff some people do every day, like at Doctors Without Borders. You speak truths. People don't really know how they are going to react in an emergency until an emergency actually happens. I'm sorry to hear that, but don't let one bad experience define your entire moral outlook. [deleted] Thank you. That makes me feel a little safer. How can she pay you back if she has to pay medical bills?
 Why do you get the sponge yourself?  I'm sorry, but unfortunately it is too risky for many of us. There's the risk that I too will get assaulted--and also the risk that I will get sued by the original victim (even though there are suppsedly Good Samaritan laws).

I would've called 911 if I felt I could steal away to do so without retribution, and I think for most of us, our willingness to help ends there. It's unfortunate, but if I am riding public transit, it's already an indication that I'm not well-off and can't afford to deal with an assault or a lawsuit.

I'm glad you chose to help, but that was your brave choice. Not like taze and mace him, more like grab his arms, sweep the leg, plant his face and strap the cuffs on him then yank him into a squad car. And I think many people might react heroically in one situation but not in another. We get so easily caught up in mob think, whether that's action or inaction. Not that that excuses any specific instance where we fail to do what we should. Thank you for standing up for someone defenseless. I hope she and her family have been able to thank you! [deleted] I needed to make an example of her, so all those other old cunts at the home would know not to fuck with me. You're right. Only you can decide that someone else can afford to be beaten more than you. Can you explain what happened? Can you explain what happened?  Can you explain what happened? Good samaritan laws do more than protect you, they require you do help in some way, which could include calling the proper authorities. Just letting you know so you don't get charged with a misdemeanor in the future. Your comment misrepresents the situation that faces a bystander. The question is not "Does this person deserve to be beaten more than I do?"--because that presupposes that my intervention is going to displace the harm from them to me, like it's some kind of 1:1 transfer. In my case, since I am not particularly physically strong, the result could just as easily be two people getting beaten instead of one.

But go ahead and impose your morality on me and others. Let me also guess that you are a white male (chances are probably >80%)--'cause you guys are really, really good at dictating how others should behave when faced moral dilemmas. Damn, that's some serious twisting and bending to try to logic your way out of having to do the right thing. A+ for effort. Nice job with the ad hominem fallacy and hurtful stereotypes. If you really want to go there, I'm actually a small woman. The person beating up the disabled person was a woman my size. There were big strong men around who still did nothing. I agree that whether you can actually help depends on the situation. In my situation people could definitely have helped, but most people lack initiative in an emergency. 

I'm a consequentialist, too. If it was a group of people robbing someone, of course my direct physical intervention would have caused more total harm. Trying to fight a gang would have been just stupid. Many people still won't help even in situations like mine. Are you the kind of person who would have stepped in my situation? Seriously think about what you would do in situations like mine so if it actually happens, you don't hesitate in doing whatever it is you decide would be best. Aaaaaand here we see a coward attempting to justify their lack of action by pulling the ol' SJW trick and saying "you wouldn't stand around doing nothing? You must be a privileged white male!11" My whole point is that "the right thing" really depends on the individual. In a situation like this, there's a lot of gray and there are a lot of variables.

If I were being attacked, it would certainly be nice if someone stepped in, but I'd never ever hold it against someone if they chose not to. I am surprised that you are a small woman, but I did leave room for the possibility. Just noting that it was much less likely.

Like I said, I would limit my interaction in a situation like that to making a 911 call if I felt I could do so safely.

The thing is, I'm not prescribing what others *should* do. I'm not lecturing redditors on how to behave by saying, "it is your business" and "don't just stand there." I guess that's what I was annoyed by; your initial post was basically suggesting what people should do instead of letting them make up their own minds. This has nothing to do with "social justice warriors."

But I am calling out the fact that OP has a very particular view of what someone is supposed to do in that situation and that they wanted to impose that on other people. All I'm saying is: in a case like this, I don't think anyone should be going around suggesting what people should do.

And I don't mind if you think I am a coward. 