Recommendations for restaurants that are wheelchair accessible/firendly? I know the ADA makes most places accessible, but there's a wide range when it comes to the practicalities of visiting/dining.  

Bonus points if the place has a good beer list.  Random lists I'm finding via google, the Hop Stop and Adele's (not so much beer) are supposedly decent options (been to both, so I know what to expect on the food and drink front).

Thanks in advance. What part of town and what kind of food? I will focus on beer joints with food and comments.

I am okay with Adele's for accessibility, but limited on taps (and not the best Nashville beer, IMO). I can see the Flying Saucer as an option - lots of beers, but kind of different food (sausage, meat & cheese plate, etc). When the City Taphouse opens in SoBro, it will likely be my “go to” in downtown, as I love their Philly location near the City Center.  

I would say 12 South Taproom has both beer and accessibility, as the spaces between tables are wide enough, except when crowded (but that fits everyone, right?). Sutler on 12th (or Franklin, forget what it is at that point) is easy enough to get in the upstairs area and has an okay tap selection.

A couple of places in midtown could fit the bill, but parking in midtown SUCKS!!! Tavern comes to mind, but the porch might be better than inside. I like the idea of Adele's in the gulch, but limited number of taps (In Bellevue {Pub}licity comes to mind for good beer but limited taps).

M.L. Rose has great beer selection, but it is cramped inside all of the locations, so going during normal dinner could be painful. 

Tailgate brewery has a large selection of their own beers on tap and opened in the old Dan McGuiness location on the circle. I have not seen what they have done for accessibility (I know they remodeled a lot), but McGuiness was cramped. There is a patio, however. The Charlotte brewery location has wide doors and is okay to negotiate, but the front room is definitely the easiest and the tables are largely picnic tables in that location. Cool Springs Brewery might be an option, as well as the Brewhouse near the Cool Springs mall (largest selection in that area).  Silo is great if you're looking for upscale casual  I use a small manual chair and live in the suburbs but everywhere I've been in Nashville so far has been easily accessible. I would really just check Yelp or something like that for suggestions on what you want. L

Flying Saucer is an easy suggestion that's accessible. Not Brown's Diner. Unless they updated something, I had to carry a friend up and down their front steps.  Sunflower Cafe is easily accessible and the (vegetarian) food is amazing!   >  Sutler on 12th (or Franklin, forget what it is at that point)

It's Franklin Pike 
 This is very helpful, thank you.  Parking in 12 south during popular dining hours isn't much better than midtown, but the taproom is a good suggestion.

For a frame of reference (which I should've included in the OP) the person in question used to love Blackstone before they shut down to "remodel." Thanks for the prompt response.  The individual in question uses a fairly large motorized scooter, which I guess I should've specified.  so, looking for places that could easily accommodate that.  

I tried Yelp, but there are places I'm seeing when you filter for "Wheel chair accessible" that I'm familiar enough with to know it might not go smoothly, so I was reaching out here, hoping to get some personal experience. Gotta work that burger off somehow, I guess? I thought so by that point. And I meant 8th, not 12th, so double my bad.  True on 12 South. In fact anything within a 3-4 mile ring of downtown sucks. ;-)

Blackstone was unique. If that is the ambiance you like M.L. Rose or Flying Saucer might work, as they are a bit rustic. Bosco's used to be neat, as well. Stony River still has a similar ambiance, but I would not call it a beer destination. The blackstone taproom is still open and it's handicap accessible. It's off Clifton Ave. Yep, Bosco's was his fall back, so it's been rough on him as a creature of habit.  I'm thinking village pub, though the percentage of high top tables could be an issue.

Thanks again. Yeah, sad situation with it looking like the brewpub isn't reopening.  I can't find any info, but by the fact that they advertise food trucks coming n site, I'm guessing food options at the taproom are limited or nonexistent, right? Any time They have some legally mandated food goods available, but they aren't a restaurant.

TN brew works and fat bottom have kitchens though.

I also recommend kbobs or the beer pale for local and regional craft brews.

You could always head to Smith and Lentz, then call in a delivery order. Or take it to go and head to the brewery. 