Gentilly: Fixing the street corners, but not the streets. What's up with that? Gentilly: Area around Franklin Ave, Gentilly Blvd, and Peoples Ave.

So, construction crews have been working along Peoples Ave. and Lotus fixing the curbs on the street corners. They have dug up some of the street along Peoples Ave. Driving it is like going over a bunch of speed bumps right now.

I'm glad to see that cars aren't driving like NASCAR for the time being. I'm also glad to see some improvement going on...but why the corners and not the streets?  It doesn't make much sense...unless it is just the beginning of more fixing up. I hope. It would have been nice to see it start with the streets first, though.

It makes me curious to know if there is a plan to build a sidewalk along Peoples Ave. These pretty corners usually connect to sidewalks..just sayin.

Has anyone heard or read about the work going on? They may be making them ADA compliant with those yellow bump pads? It may be some federal thing they are forced to do.  They've been digging up the corner of our street as well (I absolutely loved having huge chunks of asphalt scattered across the street for months!),  but honestly there's no point.  The sidewalk has a one foot drop off in it due to tree roots, so I don't see anyone in a wheelchair using the sidewalk on our block.  They did some of the sidewalks on Piedmont by us last month in addition to the corners. I didn't ask anyone if they knew how much work was going to be done in the neighborhood. Nothing on Clermont, the next street over. They tore up and made a whole new walking path on St Anthony but left the street a pothole riddled mess.  Wouldn't it have been smart to at least put a new layer of asphalt down while you were already jackhammering two lanes into one? Down in St. Roch/The Marigny there's loads of perfect corners with no sidewalks.  Think it's probably the city deciding that if they do the corners, the property owners will do the little spot in front of their houses.  Makes sense I guess, if it ever actually happened that way. We live in Gentilly Terrace and they did this to a few intersections last year to make them ADA compliant (they rebuild the curb with wheelchair-friendly ramps) Right. This is the first step in the roadwork package for GT. If you go to the city website you can see block by block what has/is/will happen. Here: [https://roadwork.nola.gov/home/](https://roadwork.nola.gov/home/) That was my guess. Seeing the law was passed 28 years ago I guess it might be time to do it. I don't see anyone in wheelchairs either. Especially on Peoples. Exactly..this is just insanity 