Makin my way downtown, rollin fast, cars that pass are hoooooonkin'  [Took this last week in Gretna](https://imgur.com/gallery/VhA46)  *and I'm chair-bound.  There are cops everywhere on airline, and there's a cop shop a half mile before the location in this pic. How did he make it by them? I can't even drive down that stretch without feeling like I'm gonna get pulled over and I'm in a legal vehicle.  This is on Airline/Tulane crossing I-10. I've seen this several times. There is no pedestrian access across the area (especially if you are in a wheelchair). People in wheelchairs have to take a lane just to get to the otherside. This city is very bad for the mobility impaired. This city is bad for your health in general.  What in the what? In no way is this legal and could legitimately cause an accident or loss of life. I take this route every day for work and people hit that split doing 35-40mph. The reason why the overpass doesn't have a legal pedestrian sidewalk is because it cannot support one. On both sides are onramps and exits, and pedestrians are not legally allowed to cross their at all. The only legal means/access is from Palmetto St. I need to gather all of the local wheelchair cruisers and start a league.  The problem is, everyone needs to realize they are driving on the sidewalk - duh.  Why don't they just get on the side of the road? This doesn't look like NOLA, but I also don't drive on the interstate frequently.


Where is this OP? better than a flip. yeah, i said it.  ...do all motorized wheelchairs have brake lights on the back or is this one road legal somehow. Is it raining in that pic? I was going to put that but I did not want to offend anyone literally yesterday i was on earhart expressway and saw 2 guys in a golf cart in the right hand lane, i ended up passing them at the same moment we all passed a cop car sitting on the right hand shoulder. i even saw the look on the guys faces in the cart as they realized the cop wasn't going to pull them over That overpass was never designed for pedestrians to use. Any use by people walking or using an electric scooter as such is illegal. Prior to the 1940s, that overpass didn't exist. It was a project to realign airline to connect to Tulane Avenue. It was never intended for pedestrians because the pedestrian path went down Palmetto(how people use to get to Carrollton from Airline) and Shrewsbury. Downside for pedestrians that are lazy is that it is an additional 5 blocks to take the legal pedestrian sidewalk from Palmetto St to Carrollton and Tulane.

I don't pity lazy people or people that are negligent. This person could cause an accident that could injure others, themselves or both.  There is an 8' wide shoulder visible in the picture. This person is in the middle lane and made no attempt to move toward it.  Imagine my surprise, when the wall of slow moving traffic in front of me yielded to reveal someone on the way to Walmart.  The mid lane though? Nah, more like 50-60mph. I get passed up like a half blind paw-paw going 40 at that spot. People only seem to slow down once they go over that hill and see the Carrollton/Tulane light. Race from East bank to the west bank. I bet if we paid all applicants $500 they would do it. Can we get a gofundme for this? On airline hwy right by the interstate on ramp.  West Bank maybe? This is completely illegal. 

What’s more annoying, this shit or the “people” on the 4-wheelers? It may have been sprinkling, this was on Friday before the "big storm" Your username and comment don't fit. 

Fuck you droopy butthole It ends before you start going up the hill.  Wide load? Good Lord, can you imagine trying to torque up the Huey P Long bridge, pre-widening especially, in a Hoveround??? You could probably build some serious speed on the [downward side!](https://i.imgur.com/BTUE27t.gif) Where airline becomes Tulane ave.  >people


savage You better check your butt holes privilege Better way to put it Where the light was on red flash all morning.

Things went surprisingly well.  I may be white but my butthole is a shade of poo brown mixed with charcoal Lmao, now that makes a lot of sense! There's always some shit by Tulane and Carrollton.  Get you some bleach son! Bleach dat butthole 