Short-Term Rentals and the Americans with Disabilities Act Everyone fails to realize is that not only are short-term rentals illegal on a State level, they are also violating a Federal Act: The Americans with Disabilities Act. Hotels follow strict guidelines that allow them to operate according to this Act. Will Short-Term rentals at a State level be required to follow these guidelines as well? Will all hosts have Wheelchair Accessibility? Braille? TTY…? It really does not matter. Many other municipalities are already aware of this and are starting to collect information for lawsuits to force compliance. New Orleans Non-Profit organizations are in that number. The big issue in New Orleans seems to be the Whole Home Rentals which by ADA standards are illegal unless in compliance with Title III. In all actuality any rental that contains not more than five rooms falls under the law as well. This means that a lot of doubles would have to adhere to these standards even if owner-occupied. I hope that our esteemed council members take this into account when making the decision on this matter.

Title III:

https://www.ada.gov/ada_title_III.htm

Excerpts:
 
Place of public accommodation means a facility, operated by a private entity, whose operations affect commerce and fall within at least one of the following categories --

(1) An inn, hotel, motel, or other place of lodging, except for an establishment located within a building that contains not more than five rooms for rent or hire and that is actually occupied by the proprietor of the establishment as the residence of the proprietor;

Sec.36.207 Places of public accommodation located in private residences.

(a) When a place of public accommodation is located in a private residence, the portion of the residence used exclusively as a residence is not covered by this part, but that portion used exclusively in the operation of the place of public accommodation or that portion used both for the place of public accommodation and for residential purposes is covered by this part.
(b) The portion of the residence covered under paragraph (a) of this section extends to those elements used to enter the place of public accommodation, including the homeowner's front sidewalk, if any, the door or entryway, and hallways; and those portions of the residence, interior or exterior, available to or used by customers or clients, including restrooms.
 You can call them and remind them about the ADA, but I'm pretty sure the 5 rooms lingo means 5 bedrooms for rent, not 5 total rooms including kitchen, bath, etc.  The law was written with historic homes turned B and B in mind... places that have 5 or fewer rooms for rent.  > short-term rentals illegal on a State level

The law you mentioned pretty clearly makes an exception for properties in which there are less than 5 rooms AND the owner lives there. I don't think it would be accurate to say "Short-term rentals are illegal" unless you qualified that short-term rentals refers to rentals where the owner doesn't live there. 

Short-term rentals have been around for many years before AirBnB and people have traditionally exercised the freedom to rent out spare rooms of their house during periods of peak demand. Particularly around jazzfest and mardi gras. I'm not sure if ADA restrictions would apply for people who want to rent out a room of their house from time to time. 

I think this point DOES apply to whole home rentals. When the owner doesn't live there, it's a different story and I believe ADA restrictions would probably apply barring any exemptions like historic districts or properties, and "reasonable efforts to accomodate".

I think a good way to rephrase that would be 

> Everyone fails to realize is that not only are whole-home short-term rentals illegal on a State level, they are also violating a Federal Act:
 The disabled are perfectly free to stay in a hotel or to choose a home that is handicap accessible.

I don't really see the problem here And people wonder why it's so hard to build affordable housing with all these regulations. These types of regulations are the reason why rent is out of control. People want to blame short term rentals but they are just individuals making money out of their own investment. More regulations only allow large corporations to build. Regulations like these disadvantages the poor and middle class.  Yeah, I interpret the 5 rooms as 5 individual rooms being rented out. A whole house STR wouldn't have to abide by that. I think we're getting into the weeds with trying to throw the ADA at the STR issue.  > so hard to build affordable housing with all these regulations.

It may be hard to RENOVATE affordable housing to these regulations but build? The only difficulty from a build stand point is awareness.  Except that the ADA is written exactly for those large companies, and has exceptions built into it to spare historic homes or rentals that don't house a certain number of people. Regulations like these ensure that very vulnerable populations have access to housing.  These regulations disadvantage the poor and middle class? These regulations protect the disabled. They also protect the disabled poor and middle class! If you want to run your home as a hotel, you should be subject to the same laws that a hotel must adhere to. 