Where to bring a 93 and 96 year old on a NOLA day trip? Hi guys, I know this is last minute, but later today I will be bringing 2 home bound, Spanish-speaking ladies (one of whom is in a wheelchair) on a day trip to get out and enjoy the city. I'm not quite sure where to bring them - they don't really like or trust restaurants. In years past, I've brought them to the zoo and aquarium, WW2 museum and Walmart (it was amusing to them). Where else is accessible and entertaining? Thanks!!! [deleted] Sculpture Garden in City Park. Nice and peaceful. [deleted] If you roll them down Royal street they can watch the street performers. From there you can also bring them to Cafe du monde and pull the wheelchairs up to some tables for begnets and coffee. I am not sure if there is an effective way to get up to the riverfront from that side of the quarter for a nice scenic view of the river, but there definitely is a non-steps entrance over by the aquarium.  https://wheelchairtravel.org/new-orleans-la/ If you're going for an authentic experience, you can leave them just outside the convention center. The WWII museum is accessible and easily an all day event, it really takes a full day to take it all in. Wrap up with a meal at the American Sector, right at the museum.  Bourbon is great for all ages. The Oz is great for all crowds, even the elderly. Bourban Heat, and Cats Meow are other top recommendations for the elderly. Hope they have a great time! The cemetery  [here](http://hunkoasisneworleans.com) WW II museum. Because there's no WW I museum here. Great idea! Haaaaaa Poydras Home on Magazine and Jefferson They'd like that Thumbs up for this one.  I was going to suggest the same. Was going to suggest the same thing. It's all wheelchair friendly and a nice stroll in very pleasant surroundings with some amazing art, including some Spanish & Latin American artists they may be interested in. And it's free and open seven days a week. This! Then you guys can walk thru the park if you're down for more. *But the graves are above ground!* Bruh. Very amusing suggestion (but don't take it seriously) yall fuck off, this is hilarious  It's in Kansas city I just looked at the map and you can roll them up to the river on the St. Philip street access to the river over on the east side of the quarter. What is this "East side" of the quarter that you speak of? I've heard upper or lower, but you're talking Yankee directions now. Also, isnt the riverfront under construction? 