An NPR article on Roosevelt Island's unique trash disposal system  Not from New York but for some reason that I can't quite place I have this weird interest in Roosevelt Island.  For anyone who likes podcasts, 99% Invisible has a great episode on these too I need this when walking by garbage. My friend lives on RI and I wonder if he knows. How does recycling work? Works great for getting rid of body parts. Found out about this when I accidentally threw my wallet away on the island  I remember reading an article about this. Disney World has the same system, and both are by this Norwegian company. The company regularly sends technicians over, and one of them mentioned how his family was always disappointed when they sent him to Roosevelt Island instead of Disney World. Yet another reason I love living on good old RI. [Here's a neat mini-doc on the system](https://vimeo.com/11804927) by Greg Whitmore Anyone know people that work there. I'm interested in a tour/ job.  Pretty wild.  40 years old, too. Roosevelt Island is a fascinating place. It's got the ruins of a smallpox hospital on it, the only historic ruin in NYC. The southern tip of the island is the FDR memorial: as you approach it, there are these daunting stairs to go up to the top, but if you go around to the side, the entire thing is wheelchair accessible. 

Near the northern tip of the island is a building called The Octagon, which used to be an insane asylum with abhorrent living conditions. An investigative journalist got herself committed, and a week later managed to leave again, and [wrote a big story on it](http://digital.library.upenn.edu/women/bly/madhouse/madhouse.html), which was national news when it was first published (at the time of publication, the island was still called Blackwell's Island, since FDR wasn't yet famous enough to rename it). This eventually led to reforms to mental institutions. The Octagon itself was shut down from the scandal, and these days it's been converted to apartments. You, too, can pay and arm and a leg to live in the former looney bin!

The northernmost tip of the island has a lighthouse, supposedly built by the inmates at the asylum, which has views of North Brother Island, which is where [Typhoid Mary](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Typhoid_Mary) was exiled and died.

If you get a chance, I recommend taking the cable cars from Manhattan to Roosevelt Island, and going on the walking tour. There's lots of unusual stuff over there.  Adding on to the comment by /u/penguinland, Cornell University also has a new graduate school on the island opening up in the fall  I lived there when I first moved to NYC and it was...odd. There were a ton of people rolling around in wheelchairs all the time, and many of them didn't have legs/had one leg. There was one guy with no legs who hung around on a hospital stretcher outside the train station begging for change.  At least in my friends' building on the island, they have bins for the recycling like the rest of us.
 They have a garbage truck for recycling with bags on the sidewalk just like anywhere else, except they are super strict about timing, like bags have to go out past 10 and trucks have to be off the road before 1 am I work in waste management. It gets collected most like everywhere else in the city, with the source separated recycling going to a DSNY MRF (material recovery facility) — likely in Sunset Park — for processeing. Like someone below mentioned, they likely have a very short window for pick up.  Probably different days than the garbage.  Or maybe they just sort the black bags from the blue ones. ...you are literally repeating the article. Quick question: do you use the train or the cable car? I imagine the cable car is much slower?  I always wondered what the commute was like from there... > only historic ruin in NYC

NYC has historic ruins all over the place. > but if you go around to the side, the entire thing is wheelchair accessible. 

It would be pretty funny if the FDR memorial weren't wheelchair accessible. i live on RI and i know the octagon pretty well; they have pictures of the old asylum all over the lobby man, Typhoid Mary was a jerk  I believe there was another NPR podcast on Typhoid Mary the asylum she was in. Really interesting, I think it was RadioLab You use daunting to describe 25 stairs? Dsny runs some of their own facilities but largely use private scrap yards like Sims for recycling.  Depends on where I'm going. The tram does take more time to get to Manhattan but you always know exactly what time it's coming and going so it depends on the time. Also it's super easy to get to the 4/5/6 from the tram. There's a train to RI? I thought the cable car was the only option from Manhattan and walking / the bridge was the only option from Queens. In fact, millions of New Yorkers commute using an underground network of historic ruins every day! It is the only ruin that has been designated a New York City Landmark and been added to the  National Register of Historic Places. I agree that there are other old ruins around, though I'm not sure the word "historic" applies to them. "Mallon admitted poor hygiene, saying she did not understand the purpose of hand-washing because she did not pose a risk."

She was a cook. Ugh. The Sims facility is co-owned I thought? [Yeah, the F train stops there.] (http://m.mta.info/mt/web.mta.info/nyct/service/fline.htm) No, no. Just because our subway system is *in ruins* doesn't mean it's a historic ruin. Thank you! That's good to know. Tell that to the C train. 