Paraplegic man shows how difficult it is to hail a cab in a wheelchair  It really was a mistake to not require the taxi of tomorrow to have a ramp by default. Access-a-ride is a joke, my grandmother was left stranded in the city by them so many times that we got her a smart phone just so she could use Uber. If Uber ran access-a-ride I bet they could streamline it a thousand times better than this. Also without trumpeting the uber horn, doesn't their app have a built-in feature for hailing handicapped accessible cars? Truth is every subway should be completely accessible with redundant accessibility options. I feel bad for those in wheelchairs and I wish every subway station is wheelchair-accessible, but this video completely ignored the fact that 1. hailing a cab in the city can sometimes take 20+ minutes for everyone, and 2. all buses are wheelchair-accessible (well, it does suck if you live in the outer boroughs).  wow, I never even considered how much of a pain that would be for people in wheelchairs, and how much of a waste of money it is  He should use Uber and hail a cab from his cell phone!

Likewise, yellow cabs should get a cellphone app and handicapped individuals can hail those new special wheelchair accessible cabs. Uber in Los Angeles has a particular Uber for passengers that need wheel-chair accessibility. It's called "Access" in the Uber options. Uber does have a feature to hail vans with childseats, I wouldn't be surprised if they did have it for accessible cars Uber only supports Boro Taxis so you're SOL if you're in Manhattan (the app won't let you request one).

I do know that [Accessible Dispatch](http://www.accessibledispatch.com/) exists but I have no idea of how well it works.

Edit: I'm specifically talking about UberWAV, their service for requesting an accessible cab. 20 minutes? what rookie takes 20 minutes to get a cab? the only time it ever took me even close to that long was when the F spontaneously stopped running and everyone trying to get in to the city from carroll gardens at 8:20am. i’ve never waited more than 5-8 minutes in the city or brooklyn.  [deleted] I'm not sure every disabled person has a smart phone. This isn't true at all. I've requested dozens of cabs in Manhattan.  Who are you kidding? A majority of all Uber trips in NYC start and end in Manhattan. [deleted] Yes, but UberWAV for accessible cabs is only Boro Taxis. It's clearly stated on their site.

http://newsroom.uber.com/nyc/2014/08/wheelchair-accessible-rides-with-uberwav/ I'm specifically talking about Uber for accessible cabs, as that is what the parent comment is talking about. The only time it's has ever taken more than  5 or even 10 minutes at the most for me to hail a cab is either in the dead of night or during a bad snow storm. 

My experience is mainly in Brooklyn  and Queens though.  Might want to preface your first sentence with "For accessible cabs" just to make it clear 