What to do in Manhattan with someone who can walk, but very slowly (90% healed broken knee)? My girlfriend recently had surgery on her knee, but can now walk, albeit very slowly. 

She's feeling super shut-in after having spent about 4 weeks essentially lying down in her apartment, so I'm looking for fun things to do in Manhattan.

Any ideas? Well, the Met or any other art museum is good for slowly walking.  Plenty of benches and whatnot, too. Also, the MET will usually loan a wheelchair to someone who needs it, so maybe that would be helpful..?  How about a show?  If she doesn't like plays or musicals, does she like jazz?  There are some great venues in Manhattan and unlike rock or hip hop shows the audience stays seated during the performance. Or maybe comedy?

 The Frick is a nice museum and smallish with lots of seats - so you could go there.

Then you could take a cab to a nice restaurant.

There are also movies, theater, opera, dance, etc.

Also could take the Staten Island Ferry there and back. I have an old knee injury and sometimes I really don't want to walk or do stairs, but want to get out.  In those cases, I love getting on a random bus and getting off occasionally to see a neighborhood I've never visited.  When I'm tired of walking, I'll catch the next bus that passes and ride until I'm ready to get off.  I've also tried doing the same thing on the LIRR and Metro North, but that's a bit more of a commitment.

Also, going to places where you can sit and watch people can be fun.

Also, make certain the friend does physical therapy.  It sucks, it's sometimes painful, and often inconvenient.  But, it's the most important thing you can do for long-term recovery. My old roommate stole a wheelchair from the Bronx Zoo once. We used it to wheel around the apartment. It was probably horrible karma on many levels.

BUT - it was the kind of wheelchair where you can prop-up a leg so it lay flat, so maybe consider the Bronx Zoo for this fact alone! Unfortunately a wheelchair usually requires a bent leg which isn't doable at the moment! But thanks for the suggestion I am not a wheelchair expert but I think many (most?) have a leg piece that can be adjusted to stick out to prop up legs that cannot be bent. 