Market St re-paving begins today (note from city) Hello Market Street neighbors and friends,

 

At long last, today is the first day of paving on Market Street! Hurray!

 

I’m reaching out to thank you for participating in the community conversation last year regarding Market Street. We heard from 283 people through our survey (both in person and online!), and because of your involvement and the overwhelming support we heard, we’re happy to be delivering a set of improvements to Market Street along with the repaving that’s underway between West Grand Ave and the Berkeley border.

 

These improvements include new crosswalk locations and a new style of crosswalks that are more visible along the entire street, as well as upgraded, buffered bikeways between West Grand and Adeline. Along with these improvements, you have likely already seen construction of new ADA-compliant curb ramps. You can also be on the lookout for some limited changes to AC Transit’s Route 88 that will help improve bus operations, including a handful of stop relocations and some minor operational improvements, like longer red curb at stops so the bus can pull closer to the curb when deploying wheelchair ramps. (If you live next to one of these stops, you should have received a letter from AC Transit in the mail a few months ago. If not, no worries!). As always though, these improvements—and the repaving operations—mean some temporary inconveniences.

 

Here’s what you can expect during paving construction:

Expect intermittent noise, dust, and temporary traffic patterns, including street closures, detours, and/or lane closures.
Please anticipate parking restrictions. Please be mindful of where you’ve parked your car and check the dates on no-parking signs. If you typically park your car at the curb along Market, you will want to plan to park off-street or on a neighboring street at various points during construction.
During construction, bike share stations may be temporarily relocated.
Buses may be on detour and stops may be temporarily out of service.
Construction will occur as follows:
First crews will grind down the existing asphalt.
Then, crews will place the new asphalt and add “floppies” where the traffic stripes will go. Most of the time, this will happen the same day as grinding.
Finally, crews will stripe the street, including the new crosswalks and buffered bike lanes.  
 

Schedule:

It will take some time to pave the whole street—your patience is appreciated! Generally, work on Market will proceed in block segments, starting north of 40th St. Here is the schedule for this week and next:

Wednesday (8/1) 40th-42nd
Thursday (8/2) 42nd-45th
Monday 8/6) 45th-52nd
Thursday and Friday (8/9 – 8/10) 52nd - Adeline
Upcoming: Market north of Adeline to city limit, and Market south of 40th to W. Grand
Keep an eye out for the orange and white A-frames along the curb—these signs will have the most accurate and up-to-date information on work schedule. Additionally, look for electronic signs (one is currently just south of Market & Adeline) that will provide helpful info about scheduling.

 

Two more things:

During our outreach last year, we also talked about incorporating “school zone painted safety zones.” These improvements are funded through the D1 participatory budgeting project within the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program, and are earmarked by CDBG for the Longfellow and Santa Fe neighborhoods. We’re looking forward to working with neighbors to identify where these zones should go on streets in the Longfellow and Santa Fe neighborhoods. For more information or questions, you can contact Brytanee Brown (brbrown@oaklandca.gov) of OakDOT, who is managing the CDBG safety zone project. 
And finally--in the last moments before Market gets it’s makeover, please get out and take your best “before” photo. Then come back to that same location when the work is done for an “after” photo—and share them with @OakDOT on Twitter! (#MarketMakeover ?)
 

Please note, the City of Oakland will make every effort to minimize inconveniences in your neighborhood during construction. Should you have any questions concerning the paving work on Market Street, please call Joseph Fermanian, P.E. at (510) 238-7261. If any urgent issues or emergencies occur after normal business hours, please call (510) 615-5566.

 

Best,

Sarah

 

Sarah Fine

Acting Program Manager, Complete Streets Paving

Great Streets Division

City of Oakland | Department of Transportation

250 Frank H Ogawa Plaza | Oakland, CA  94612

(510) 238-6241 

sfine@oaklandca.gov 