Stuff to do in Omaha for someone who is disabled? I've been here all my life, but I finally got a wheelchair accessible van about two years ago. Haven't used it for much other than the necessary. I turn 21 on May 4th as well. Any suggestions for me that wouldn't just be watching other people do stuff? I know an escape room might seem unintuitive, but I'm the assistant manager at The Escape Omaha and we pride ourselves at being fun for everyone. Our rooms are all handicap accessible and the puzzles do not entail physical challenges of any kind. Unfortunately our bathrooms are not ADA approved (we've been trying to get them remodeled, but that's not a part of the building we are legally able to change), but our games only take an hour so a little planning can negate that problem.

I believe the other escape game in town, Entrap, tends to be a bit more physically challenging than us. I've only played one game there and I would not recommend it for a wheelchair, but like us they have multiple games so I cannot speak for all of them. If you are interested I'd give them a call, they can give you better information than I. [All Play](http://www.allplay.org) at Seymour Smith Park has barrier free activities, including an accessible batting cage. They also host a wheelchair softball league. Fontenelle forest has a large trail that's board walked but still takes you through some pretty parts of the forest. If you like nature, I'd definitely recommend it. There are some slopes, but none that I thought were too steep, but my perspective might be a bit different on that. The boardwalk takes you past their raptor rehabilitation area, which is pretty sweet.

Lauritzen gardens was pretty accessible as well, without taking away from the nature too badly. There was definitely one steep hill at the beginning of this, though. There's also one part with stairs near the model trains; there's a way around it, but you kinda have to go a little out of your way to get around them. It's been a couple of years since I've been there though, so I may be misremembering that part. The Waiting Room is accessible! Go to a show, just ask to have someone open the ramp door for you.  I don't know what you enjoy, but maybe go down by the Missouri river to the Lewis and Clark Landing. There's some sculptures, the Pedestrian bridge, etc. It's peaceful, quiet, and has nice views.

If you're wanting to do more than just enjoy a nice day out, one of my favorite bars is Wilson & Washburn. The're on the edge of downtown/Old Market so parking is usually not bad and there's a ramp up to the door. The food is awesome, the beer choices plentiful, and the staff are very cool. They have an amazing German wheat beer on tap, the Weihenstephaner Heffe (hard to pronounce, easy to drink). So good.  Most people here are very accommodating.. If you want to go somewhere, more than likely the place will do there darndest to help ya  you can fuck right off to the movies to see cap with me thats what you can do  Oh my god, totally this. Go to the Waiting Room for a show and then to one of the many Benson bars for a craft brew. I'm trying to think...I don't think any of the Benson bars have stairs at the front entrance do they?  I used to live down there, and I don't think so. Sitting room can be a bit tight depending on the night, so a big party of people might have some trouble finding enough room. 