Looking for affordable wheel chair! Hey everyone! Long story short I was diagnosed with cancer a couple weeks ago and chemo is taking a toll on me. I have issues standing and walking for more than a few moments at a time. Some of the stores I go to have wheel chairs but not all and it's been a bit of a struggle doing anything in town.

I was doing a bit of research for new wheel chairs and they are kind of pricey for something that I won't need forever.

My question is does anyone have a wheel chair they don't use anymore or something just laying around that they wouldn't mind selling for cheap? Like kind of really cheap? I'd even be willing to give it back when I don't need it anymore. I just need something to get me around a little easier. Get a transfer chair.  They are aluminum and collapse into a trunk sized mass easily.  They are also not expensive. I was at New Life Thrift a couple of weeks ago (7007 S 36th St  Bellevue) and noticed that they have a lot of wheelchairs that were donated. They were in the far right hand corner by the shoe wall. I didn't notice the prices, but maybe they are cheaper than what you were looking at online. Best wishes on your treatment. You can contact some churches, too.  A lot of them have medical equipment that they loan out.  Good luck to you.
 Check with the Salvation Army. If they have one and you are in need of one they will give it to you. [Kohll's](https://kohlls.com/) does wheelchair rentals for a reasonable price.  Check with a couple nursing homes.  Some of them have a bunch of wheelchairs in a storage room left over from patients who have departed. The thrift store on 73rd and Blondo had one last week for $100. Nice model, a bit dirty but no problem. They also had a rollator walker (the ones with seats on them) which may also be good for you. You should be careful about size though. You can get pressure sores it they are too small, or too bog, which would be a lot harder to heal on chemo.
 How expensive are new wheel chairs that you were looking at? Just remember they have to be pushed, you can't "wheel" yourself in a transport chair. Like 80-500 bucks. I'm not exactly sure where else to look I just tried amazing and like medical supply stores online. I have very little cash at the moment. HELP Adult Services loans out wheelchairs and other health equipment. I would check them out. 