Does anyone know where I can find a cheap wheelchair accessible van, or a regular van? We tried to do a bunch of fundraising but only ended up with around $4,000. Would you guys happen to know of anyone or anywhere? Buy a lift and a cheap van. It'll save you money if you purchase separately. Since this isn't exactly what you're looking for, I'll even offer my help to work on the van to keep costs down. There is a not for profit in Omaha that either lends out vans or actually donates them. I need to find the name. It's in the same building as Core Bank on 144th and I-80 http://www.siebertmobility.com/Wheelchair-Vans-For-Sale/Iowa/Used?region=northern How did you try fundraising?   If you didn't already, you might try contacting the OWH and a few local news stations if your need is dire.  They may advertise your story and you can get an account at FNB or another local bank to handle the donations, instead of using a site that culls a percentage of your proceeds.    

I'm also disabled and feel your pain on cost of accessibility items.   I might ask around, I know someone who got a great deal on a van w/lift in the past year for a child with cerebal palsy and cystic fibrosis.    We'll see where that came from. :)
 Hey, thanks man. I'm pretty sure insurance covers conversions so you're definitely right. I appreciate it!  Oh wow. If you can find out a little info on it for me that'd be amazing. We actually had done a benefit concert at shamrocks bar with a few local bands (The audacitours, the run and go, and radical regiment. Amazing guys!) back in may and we ended up with $2,000 from that. :) 

Beforehand I had contacted OWH, KETV, channel 5, and I think a few more but most of them didn't reply, or gave a generic response. 

Thank you so much. No rush! :) :(   At least you got some money for it.   Surprised no local stations picked up on your story, usually someone struggling for accessibility needs is a good heart-touching story they like to put on tv.   

Still waiting to hear back on where that van was purchased from, but I will probably do some research of my own after my minions go to bed for the night.    Yeah, i'm definitely still happy with the outcome. I really do appreciate it. Really ready to get out more. Hey. Sorry to bug you. Did you ever hear back? Not yet.  :(   I think the family is having some trouble with their son getting sick (he is 100% disabled with Cerebal Palsy and cystic fribrosis, nearly blond, etc.) so I will try again once I find out their status.    I didn't get anywhere with my internet searches either.    It seems requiring a wheelchair lift van is an invitation to get taken to the cleaners without some assistance. No problem at all, just checking in. I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope he's alright. 