volunteering? I know there are a plethora of volunteering opportunities online (I've been researching!) and through school organizations but I was wondering if anyone knew of any in retirement homes (or something similar)?
I used to volunteer at one in high school and I miss it.
Or other volunteering opportunities that don't get as much coverage as Philly Cares day or the like! Not to hijack the thread, but I'm looking for somewhere to volunteer to serve Thanksgiving dinner. Preferably on Thanksgiving so I can justify blowing off my family in a morally superior manner. I volunteered for awhile walking dogs at the PSPCA. If you are an animal lover, it's a good place to try.

My one organization does a soup kitchen once a month, but I am not sure the details. Philabundance is always looking for help. Sorry, not sure about retirement homes. [http://www.pennsylvaniahorticulturalsociety.org/aboutus/volunteer.html](http://www.pennsylvaniahorticulturalsociety.org/aboutus/volunteer.html) www.serve.gov is a great way to browse volunteering opportunities and I see AARP mentioned a lot.

Click the "Find Opportunities Now" button after entering your zip code (you should be redirected to a points of light site...well used to be...seems it's now "all for good"). I've been trying to find places for a while now as well! I've seen the things with Philly Cares, but most of the events I get through them are on the weekends and I work on the weekends, I'd definitely be interested to see if anyone has ideas! Not sure if you're interested, but I volunteer at a long-term care facility off of Belmont called Inglis House that's always looking for volunteers. Not exactly your typical old folks home; it's a wheelchair community so most people are in power wheelchairs and have some sort of disability related to cerebral palsy, spinal cord injury, multiple sclerosis, etc. The people are awesome but I know it's not for everyone. Visiting Nurses of Greater Philadelphia is a volunteer hospice service catering to the elderly in Philly. 

http://www.vnaphilly.org/

I recommend! I assume you've heard of idealist.org ? You can volunteer at the VA hospital on University ave.  Also there is Philly Aids Thrift, and if you don't mind working with kids I am sure there are opportunities at CHUP and also the [Philly after school programs](http://www.phillyasap.org/about.aspx). Not exactly what you're looking for and not in Philadelphia, but the New Jersey Tree Foundation is amazing. They plant trees in deserving communities in Camden while getting the residents involved and educating them. I just volunteered with them last Friday and it was a great time. Retirement homes?! Ugh! People! Volunteer with PAWS! You'll get to chill with dogs and cats! [Philabundance](http://www.philabundance.org) may be able to give you some leads on this. my wife and i are looking to do this as well
 I wish I can blow off my family. ;/
 The folks at St. John's Hospice are pretty swell.  I've done lunch services there a few times (once with a fellow Philly redditor) to test a project I'm working on.

While their website is very 'religious-y', the actual service is just about helping people out and getting people a hot meal.

[http://www.saintjohnshospice.org/](http://www.saintjohnshospice.org/) I will definitely check out PSPCA details. :) Thanks!!  Thanks! [Volunteer Match](http://www.volunteermatch.org/) is also a decent resource. We should team up. :) Is there a way to get there with public transportation? 
I would actually very much be interested!  I'm not great at heavy lifting or anything like that and loved having the opportunity to talk to people with other perspectives.   hey yeah i work there. i don't think we have anything in the works for thanksgiving day (although i'm not positive). we do have a plethora of volunteer opportunities everyday though--whether you're alone or with a big group--and it's super awesome. especially weekdays! yes i'm definitely down! Yeah, I believe there's a bus stop nearby. I'm not exactly sure which one to take, but when I google mapped the public transit options just now there were 2 bus options available.

The volunteer coordinator is Mike Kelly and he can be reached at (215) 581-0718. I usually go for 2 hours every Friday, so not a big commitment. There's no lifting involved and you would be in no way responsible for anything like that. I usually do one-on-one stuff but you can also participate in any of the other activities that may be going on if you're better in a group setting.

The website for more info is: http://www.inglis.org/ The 44 and the 65 stop up the street on City Ave.  It's about a 15 min. walk from there.   The 40 and the 52 let you off on Belmont ave, about a 10 min. walk.   

Septa.com will give you the answer for the best route for you.  

2600 Belmont Avenue, Philadelphia, PA 