Police ID driver after homeless woman in wheelchair struck, killed  This makes me sad.  I talked to this lady almost every time I went to the Fine Fare, because she was always at that corner or sitting in the playground there on Mascher.  She seemed to know everyone in the neighborhood, and she called me the chicken girl because I always bought big bags of chicken quarters for my dogs.  She was a heroin addict and always talked about getting clean and how she was gonna be able to get housing because she's a veteran.  Probably all the homeless junkies talk about getting clean, but I mean she did lose a leg in Iraq so I withheld judgment.  She liked to draw stuff and she was pretty good at it, and I'd always give her a couple cigarettes, or after I quit smoking, a dollar.  I'm sure someone else will take over that corner to beg now but they probably won't be as sweet and friendly as she was. I always say that the people that beg in the middle of Lehigh are in BIG danger. Horrible and often impaired drivers in kensington going very fast speeds on Lehigh. Recipe for disaster [deleted] I hope this driver spends a long time in jail. A cousin of hers posted in the comments section, explaining that she chose to live on the streets. He has a history of DUIs. He should be in jail already. But why did she choose that? Mental illness? Exactly. A lot of homeless folks "choose" this because of reasons that you can't begin to understand without having worked with those who are deeply traumatized (or having been there yourself). No one enjoys that life.  Part of what the cousin wrote:

> For Lainey, homelessness was a coping technique. It allowed her, shattered by the events and problems of life, to escape. She stayed in touch with her Step Mother, the woman who had taken her in as her own and who, after the death of Lainey's father, had put her life on hold and spent years at various counselors, doctors, ER's, Private Psychiatric Hospitals, trying to find an answer. A way in.A way to save Elaine from herself.

> Lainey was in foster care for a short term. She lived with several members of our family for extended periods of time. If there was a technique, a treatment, a vitamin or a medication; it was tried. But Lainey's fate was sealed by her birth mother's abuse, neglect and abandonment. Her future determined before she was old enough to cross the street by herself.

> Lainey chose to live on the streets. It was a choice only in that there were other options for her life. So many options. But the emotional damage she suffered as a baby and young child, made many decisions for her.

> Why didn't her family make her come home? Have you tried to force an adult child to do something. Add mental illness and unless the person is a direct, imminent danger to themselves or others you cannot force anyone to do what they choose not to do. Fucked up, idk how being homeless empowered her but she sounded like a decent human being. 