It's unusual for me to complain about someone's parking... but come on man.  Looks like he needs a polar pop through the window I see this shit a lot at convenience stores. I assume it's the "I'll just be a second so fuck everyone else" attitude.  Quick background, I'm paralyzed but rarely use the handicap spots because it's not a big deal for me to push my wheelchair from the back of the parking lot. The only reason I will use them is if the place I'm going is busy because I need to be able to open my door all the way. So, last year I stopped by a discount tire shop to get some new tires. All the spots on the ends were taken so I went to find a handicap spot. They had two handicap spots with crosswalk painting in between the two. Some guy in a truck similar to the one in OP's picture parked right in the middle of the two spots. So instead of taking one handicap spot he made both of them nearly unusable.. nearly.. I decided to take the one on his right but since I had to be able to get my wheelchair out I parked so close to his driver side door that my passenger side mirror was under his driver side mirror. It was hilarious. Is that the one by the airport on 44th st? Geez I only have my permit and I can park better than that  I see this happen all the time at Circle K's.   It is typically inconsiderate assholes in pick up trucks thinking the rules of etiquette don't apply to them.   Fuck everybody else that would actually like to park in front of the store.

EDIT:  WTF, the gas cap is open.   Hope he leaves it like that so a few miles down the road his check engine light comes on.    Just park in a herring bone pattern. i.e. right behind him on the opposite angle and across the handicapped spot. Haha I know this circle k. It's across from my work. Of course it's a red truck... Working at Circle K for three years has given me the impression that people here can't drive, especially in a parking lot. I have had my current vehicle at about two years now. It's been backed into three times, scraped by a bumper once, and looks like someone spent some time walking around it while hitting it with a small bat... I have taken it to a body shop twice, and have given up. /r/badparking  Ideally, the way I would like to see this handled is for someone to report to the police that this jackass is both double-parked and blocking a handicapped space. Then two cars come and block in the truck so he can't escape. Then police arrive before the guy turns violent and give him some expensive citations. Or something like that.  That's ridiculous. Absolutely unconscionable. I mean really, why would anyone go to a CircleK? then there is [this](https://twitter.com/ObiSun/status/893976873629122560) Maybe he had Taco Bell 1 hour before and was in a hurry :) If you check out this image on Google street view...same issue. https://www.google.com/maps/@33.4512274,-111.986658,3a,67.9y,187.17h,79.28t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s9o2r2dZNQRCLKwfYjF63Eg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 Reminds me of Texas. You can always count on people with temporary plates to be the biggest assholes on the road. I just don't get how someone can think that's fine.  Standard Dodge driver for you. Chevy owners are a close 1st on the inflated ego list, though. 3rd for BMW and 4th for lane the passing lane preventing Prius. Pointless comment. You refute nothing nor extend any of your claims. Thanks for the dose of banality.  Classic fire in the hole! Watch out for the cameras... But i would have a hard time looking that up doe prosecution. Right.  The same mindset of those who are getting gas, but leave their car at the pump because they just need to run in for one thing real quick.  Car fills up in 2 minutes; they're back out of the store in ten.  Pump's blocked the rest of the time. 

EDIT: ITT a fair number of people who leave their car at the pump, apparently.   Yes Yup. Busiest parking lot from like 4-6:30pm. because you are learning that driving is dangerous and you have to be considerate of others. See this all the time with diesel-bros.

Makes the rest of us look bad.  Someone should pour some metal shavings in there. That'll teach him.  Def Van Buren, across from Az fed main building. I drive a red truck. I try really hard to make sure im never inadvertently being a dick, diving a truck doesnt make you an asshole. Being an inconsiderate prick who parks over handicap spaces makes you an asshole. And a Dodge no less Dem Polar Pops yo... For the experience  Some people really are artists of bad parking.  Not the same comparison to bogarting the handicapped parking spot. Driving a truck doesn't make you an asshole.  But an inordinate number of assholes DO seem to drive trucks.  I think it might be a psychological thing... [deleted] I feel you. As a BMW owner, I feel like any lapse in driving etiquette will solidify the stereotype. Soo..you try to just be a decent human being and drive properly? Okay I am happy to hear that. I guess I just find it funny that today, it's worth something to say you drive properly. I mean good job, please keep doing that by all means. I also like how you're hinting at victimized subjectivity or perhaps even insinuating an act of martyrdom. Good job on behalf of unnecessary truck drivers everywhere for challenging harmful stereotypes...  I'd rather bathe and drink from the Ganges River than trust a Circle K soda fountain. Right? Not even the same ballpark.  I think everyone on the road is an idiot, having a truck just makes being an idiot easier is all. [deleted] I bet they're a riot at parties.  