Disabled pass won't equal free parking in Portland anymore  It's a shame the douchebags using the blue tag as a way to avoid being inconvenienced by having to cough up a couple of dollars ruined a good thing for the truly disabled. When this story first came out a few weeks ago, I was surprised that disabled people parked for free.  What is the reasoning behind that? About time IMO Lots to cover here, I'll try to be brief. 

Oregon and many other states have free public parking for people in wheelchairs. Note the distinction. That law still stands, and Portland will still honor it. 

People with disabilities are disproportionately likely to be both impoverished and un- or under-employed. Lowering barriers to getting and holding a job is something the state/city wants to do. It helps get people off public assistance. 

You're right: the fraud rate in a September survey was over 80%.

I think the city needs to boost enforcement like they do over the holiday season with drunk drivers. Then, start fining the doctors for handing out bogus placards. Publicize a couple of $50,000 fines and that shit will stop overnight.  I care a lot more about the teenagers abusing the disabled parking passes their uncle gave to them. I remember seeing light blue and dark blue tags. What's the difference between the two? Please mind your own business and stop being self-appointed traffic-cops.

You've got no power to enact or influence policy, only folks who are independently wealthy can do that, and you ain't I don't think it was people trying to save a few dollars, i.e. someone who only occasionally parked downtown, as much as it was people with disabled tags who worked downtown and used them to save hundreds of dollars on monthly parking.

Many years ago before becoming disabled and not being able to work, I used to work downtown. Every morning I use to see the same car with Washington tags parked in the same handicapped spot next to City Hall. I lived in Portland and paid a lot of money to park in the building in which I worked, while this idiot from Vancouver who was healthy enough to hold down a full-time job got free parking.

I have no problem with people who are disabled but can still work paying the same as everyone else to park downtown. I think it would be nice if Portland could still provide free parking to disabled people who are unable to work, but it doesn't really effect me much because I don't go downtown unless it is absolutely required. I am disabled and have a handicap placard.  I do not use a wheelchair, but I walk (with great difficulty) with a cane.  I don't mind paying for parking, but the big thing that is helpful for me is that I am able to ignore the "parking for x amount of time" only restrictions on all spaces that have a 30 minute or longer limit.

On bad days, every single step is a challenge, and my ability to get around diminishes significantly the more that I walk.  It will be very difficult for me to park, walk to the meter and pay, walk back to my car, then walk to where I have to go.  Then, I will have to hike back to my car before the meter runs out, and either purchase more time or struggle to find another spot (depending on whether the disabled will still be able to park for longer than the limit if you pay for the additional time), and then try to get back to where I need to be.

Finding parking very close to where I need to be is essential for me to go anywhere downtown, and the ability to park beyond the time limit is the only way that I am able to go to some places at all.

I already avoid going downtown (or Hawthorne, or anywhere that parking is difficult) most of the time because it is so hard to find parking within a walking distance that I can handle from my destination.  This change may mean that I am unable to go to 95% of places downtown at all.  Sometimes I just can't walk far enough to get to a garage.

If there was some way for disabled people to pay for more time than the standard limit and still be able to stay in the same space, I would have no problem with paying for my parking.  But I would be surprised if they would be able to find a way to implement this.

I am very disappointed to hear this.  I guess I won't be spending any more money downtown after July 1st. It takes the disabled longer to get around, so they should be allotted more time. Somehow that became just give them free parking.  State law requires free parking for people with wheelchair user disabled placards and provides that municipalities may provide the same benefit for people with regular disabled placards, but it is not required. And how are they going to enforce against fraud? There are a lot of people like me with hidden disabilities (in my case it's deformed feet). 

Also, do you have a citation for that 80 percent? 

 There are lots of groups in society that are disproportionately likely to be both impoverished and un- or under-employed, but they don't get free, all-day parking. The problem is how to really catch these guys without punishing those that disabled parking is supposed to help. I've got a hidden disability (deformed feet). While I don't drive, if I did drive I would be using a disabled pass. I'm sure I would also be the type that a casual observer would say "why does he have a disabled pass?" 

Mind you, I'm not saying I deserve free parking, because I don't. I'm just concerned about a Witch hunt harming people like me. I would rather see us erring on the side of too lenient than not lenient enough.  I'd say 80% of these passes are being used by people scamming the system. Its disgusting. [let me google that for you](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=oregon+disabled+placards) > while this idiot from Vancouver who was healthy enough to hold down a full-time job got free parking.

I have a full-time job and am gimpy as hell.  Your assumption that the disabled cannot work full time is faulty.
 [deleted] I am sorry you have to struggle.

Perhaps a disabled sticker would mean pay for the max time and if stayed beyond that, no ticket.   That is acceptable.

But, if it is hard to walk around and you don't go to those places anyway, charging for parking now alter your behavior? That makes no sense.   I would acquiesce to some good logic here, but that is not it. The last 4 digits of your drivers license are written on the placard.  It would be simple to check.  For those who are dropping off disabled family members, I assume they would have a family permit. Citation, nope. Forgot where I saw it. Sorry. 

Increased enforcement wouldn't have to be all the time. Like I say, do it intensely for a 2-3 week period in concentrated areas just a few weeks a year. Just like the drunk driving and seat belt enforcement surges. Hand out some juicy tickets to the kids using their uncle's passes, and you'll whittle down the fraudsters pretty quickly. Right now, enforcement is next to zero. It will likely have a significant impact.  Not with the these kinds of numbers there aren't. Median income for the non-disabled in 2006 was $28,000. For the disabled it was $17,000. (US Census Bureau) Same year, visually impaired unemployment rate exceeded 70 percent. 

Now, I'm not sure you want to be giving the blind free parking... 

Sorry, bad joke.  ^This.

On one hand, wow, that's interesting that this population gets free parking. Imagine that! *conversation about how that occurred, etc*

But on the other it sucks watching able bodied people just not get how it could be difficult for someone else to get around, feel like they are getting cheated, and thinking it's appropriate to become the disability police all of the sudden.  Anecdotal evidence declared: Friend came over last week to help me do something.  I inquired as to how much they paid to park "zero, got my mom's pass in". can't remember the last time I saw someone exiting a vehicle with a handicapped placard that actually seemed to have an obvious physical disability. It does not really say any difference between 2 of the 3 colors, BUT its does say that the MEDIUM blue is for wheelchair users:

*"As of January 1, 2008, a special disabled parking permit was made available for persons that use wheelchairs or low-powered motorized or mechanically propelled vehicles. They allow these individuals to use designated wheelchair users only parking areas. These permit placards have a medium blue background, display the words “Wheelchair User” on the lower portion of the permit and a large white "W" in the upper right-hand corner by the wheelchair insignia (shown on the right above)."* I think you missed my point because I made no assumption that disabled people could not work. Obviously many disabled people can and do work. I did it myself for over a year after having a stroke until I could no longer do so. My point was that if you are able to still hold down a job and earn a paycheck, you shouldn't expect to park for free downtown all day during the work week.  Thanks, I'm at work and haven't had the chance to read everything.    I'll have to read through it and see what it says about 30 minute spots.  As it stands, every spot with a limit of 30 minutes or above can be parked in without a time limit.

Being able to park for 3 hours will be acceptable in most cases, though the occasional day-long seminar that I have to attend, for example, will still be problematic.  The usual building where the seminars are held are not within walking distance (for me) from long-term parking.

At least this assuages some of my panic.  Thank you. > But, if it is hard to walk around and you don't go to those places anyway, charging for parking now alter your behavior?

What I'm saying is that I *do* go places that have time limits on parking.  Sometimes it is unavoidable (say, seminars for work).  I would certainly like to do more, but the parking situation is already difficult and this would make it even more so.

A comment above did say that the disabled would be allowed to park for up to 3 hours at meters that have a 1-3 hour time limit, but I will have to read link before commenting further.

>Perhaps a disabled sticker would mean pay for the max time and if stayed beyond that, no ticket. That is acceptable.  

This sounds like an excellent plan, though it would be subject to the same abuse that everyone is complaining about.  It sounds like people are using the placards to avoid paying for long-term parking.  My idea was an all-day parking pass for the disabled.  That way, I would be covered for an all-day seminar but the city would still get their money.

I'm one of the lucky ones who has an employer that works to accommodate my disability.  This might not be so easy for others who have a hard time making a living. It would still mean people like me are stopped and detained. Made to wait while the traffic cop checks to make sure everything is order when hey, maybe we're already in a hurry. 

Maybe I'm over reacting, but that doesn't seem like the best solution. Especially for people like me. I don't work downtown MI d you, but if I did, I could see this happening to me a lot.  I don't know why you're being down voted.  Your friend is a douche bag. I hope you told him off. 

This is the kind of thing that could make my life harder. I've got a hidden disability (deformed feet) and I look normal. Because of people like your friend, people like me get scrutinized. I'm just trying to live my life, but people like him make it harder to do what I need to do. 

And this isn't even about free parking mind you, I don't really care about that. It's about people perceiving me to be a liar because others have lied. It's about people like your friend taking the spots, paid or not, that others desperately need. 

/rant The way I understand it to work is a handicap license plate indicates the car owner is disabled, those placards mean you can only use them when taking a disabled relative to a doctor, etc. So easy to scam and fuck those people for abusing something like this. Not everyone with a disability is going to be obvious. I look normal asides for sometimes I limp a little, but I've got me some messed up feet. 

I'm not saying I shouldn't have to pay for parking, I think it's fair that I do (if I drove that is). I'm just saying don't be so quick to judge. Just because someone looks able bodied doesn't mean they are.  [deleted] Well, that's simple.   Temporary stickers, which I assume cause most of the abuse, are not given the same right to park all day.

Also, if a person is seen using a pass without a visible disability they are given one :D I completely understand what you are saying.  It would be a huge pain.  I was just mentioning the most obvious way to check for fraud in response to your (possibly rhetorical) question.   Uh, duh.

But I don't think it's fair when a family member uses a handicapped spot just because their partner / child / whatever, who is not present, has a disability. I've seen a lot of spinals, Dude, and this guy is a fake. A fucking goldbricker. This guy fucking walks. I've never been more certain of anything in my life Right. Glad I'm not coming off as a rant by the way.  It's already illegal for anyone other than the permit holder to use someone else's permit. Yes, it happens, but just because the person doesn't look disabled to you doesn't mean they aren't disabled.  It isn't fair and it isn't legal. But catching them without someone like me getting lambasted isn't going to be easy. Yes, there's probably those whom of this, but point out those people in comparison to those who are like me. Not as easy as it looks. 

At the end of the day we're dealing with the honor system. It's an imperfect system, sure, but at the same time it errs on the side of protecting people like me over making things a lot more difficult for people like me.  Or maybe he's like me. I've got a foot deformity but I appear to be normal. Part of it is I've learned to mask how much pain I'm in.

I'm not saying there aren't those that abuse the system, but don't be so quick to judge until you know all the facts.  It's all good.  My ass is crippled, too.  

This is going to be a significant hardship for me.  Not the paying to park thing, but being able to park for more than the time limit.  If there were some sort of "disabled drivers can buy additional time" option on the meters, I would be fine with it.  Alternatively, how about an all-day parking pass for disabled people that applies for all timed zones in the city limits?

It's a shame that people who are actually disabled will be penalized because of assholes abusing the system.  I can't tell you how many times I have tried to go somewhere, couldn't find parking close enough that I could walk to my destination, and had to turn around an go home.  It's fucking demoralizing.  And on the rare occasion I actually do find parking by where I need to be may now be invalidated if we will have to obey time limits.

I'm not staying in a spot for 8 hours here, but sometimes I need more than 30 minutes in a spot, especially because I am so slow most of the time.  And walking from a spot with a longer time limit just isn't an option for me.

It's almost impossible for me to go most of the places that I want to go in this city thanks to the parking situation.  If there isn't a parking lot, I just can't fucking go.  It's a real shame.  I would much rather spend my money locally and be able to get out of the house and be independent.  Instead, I have to shop online or send my spouse to run errands.  And that just sucks.  This will just make things worse. Dude, it was a Big Lebowski quote Whoops! Can you believe I've only seen that movie once? Yeah, I need to watch it again. No worries. Just realized I was sounding like Walter 