Now police need help finding a $7000 power wheelchair stolen in Southeast Portland  This is the third wheelchair theft on here this week, right? Is there some kind of comic book villain at large? like someone who lives in a wheelchair doesnt have it hard enough.  motherfuckers. Jeez, what's going on? It was recovered, and returned I believe. >the wheelchair was stolen sometime over the weekend from outside the residence

From *outside* the residence? Who keeps their $7k wheelchair outside!?  7 grand for that?!  Are there hidden features I am not seeing?  Or is that the retail price before insurance haggles it way down? OP where did u get 7k? Wheelchair chop shops is so in right now. [deleted] I hate the victim blaming that pops up in these cases but I have to agree, it just seems SO counterintuitive to keep something outside that you value and rely on so dearly.  Googled "Jazzy 600 es", the price came in between 3.5k to 4.5k. But mostly 3.5k That's what I read in the police blotter update. Did I mis-read? Was it edited? I honestly wouldn't be surprised. I bet they move on the black market.  You joke, but it does seem pretty likely it's the same group of people that steal bikes, no? If you need a wheelchair to get around, it's not gonna do you a whole lot of good sitting outside. I'm not a wheel chair user myself, but I would think that you'd bring it inside so you can get around your house, no?

Just seems weird to me that you'd leave it outside. A regular wheelchair maybe, but if you have to use a power wheel chair isn't it almost certain you don't have a lot of arm strength and thus can't use crutches or a walker inside?

The only thing I can think of is if you didn't have a ramp. Do you sleep with your car in the living room?   Buying online is vastly cheaper than going through a reputable wheelchair dealer. Unfortunately, you don't get the same customization. A dealer will help get the right armrests, the right foot plates, the right seat cushion etc. Most of the wheelchair users I know didn't buy online (if they could help it) for this reason

Beyond that, 7k is a bargain (sadly). I've seen wheelchairs go for 30k and up and those weren't even the crazy stair-climbing robot types.  it said 'thousands' 

just curious  Oh, it said "several thousand dollars." Which is why moving unto single payer as Americans  -- and if needs be first, Oregonians -- we could look back on this era in utter puzzlement for crimes like this which are almost unknown currently in nations with socialized healthcare systems.   If it has wheels, they steals. That's not an indoor chair. That sort of design is made for getting around outside. They probably kept it outside so as not to track mud and dog dirt all over their floors, and use a smaller, less powerful indoor chair while at home, or even just a walker. Not all people in wheelchairs need them 100% of the time. 

My grandfather uses his entirely for getting up his steep driveway to get the mail, but otherwise gets on fine with just his cane. 

Edit: words.  No, it goes in my garage. I also don't leave my bike sitting on front porch either. If you want to make a comparison, that might be a little more comparable than yours.  guhhh.

thanks for the insight. 

:(  Oh, that makes sense. Thanks, TIL! Eh... Wheelchair user here. I'm not sure what you mean by that not being an "indoor" chair. That kind of chair is exactly what I use to get around outside and inside. A lot of people using a power wheelchair like that need it inside too for the special features that it has. Mine, for example, has certain elevating features that allow me to reach the stove and such. 

My guess is that the owner lived somewhere with enough stairs to get in the building that they had to leave it outside and use something else inside. 

But you are right... It does track in everything. Fun times.  Someone is up past their bedtime.  Unlike you, you know healthy you, sometimes these people with wheelchairs live in places that are not yet or may never be wheelchair accessible.  

I know you think a lot about yourself but try thinking about other people sometimes.   