Things to do in Portland with my grandma. My grandma is coming up to Portland to visit but I'm having a hard time thinking of things to do with her. She's pretty old and she can't walk very well. So the options for things to do with her are pretty limited. I was hoping r/portland could help me think of things. Please, if you guys have any suggestions I would really appreciate it! The Chinese Garden is very level with lots of places to sit and rest. Have lunch in the tea house. That sounds like a lot of fun, may I join you? You might consider getting your grandma a wheelchair while she's here even if she doesn't quite need it yet.  That's what I did when my grandma came to visit - bought a lightly used one off Craigslist and resold it for the same price after she left (free wheelchair rental!).  She'll tire less easily that way and get to do more fun things with you.  

The Grotto is a nice place to visit and it's relatively flat with lots of shade.  The entrance fee to get to the top level is $6 but the bottom level is free.  Tryon Creek is close in and has a small accessible loop.  I don't recommend the Japanese Garden only because it's a bit hilly and has stairs and uneven walkways. 

Another thing old people like to do is tour the city via public transit.  If she's here next weekend, you can check out the [Streetcar Mobile Music Fest](http://streetcarmobilemusicfest.org/).  *Oh just thought of another thing.  [Concerts in the Park](http://www.portlandoregon.gov/parks/69555) are fun too and always free.  Pack a picnic and make sure to bring along a little blanket or wrap in case she gets chilly. Portland Art Museum has wheelchairs available to use - and senior discounts on price of admission.  A number of years ago I took my M-I-L and her sister (each in her 80s) to see exhibit from China - they had a blast! 

OMSI also has wheelchairs and motorized ones too. Plus senior discounts.  I think most of OMSI except the tour of the submarine is wheel chair accessible. 

Even the zoo has wheelchairs and electric scooters - to rent - plus they have wonderful carts to drive you and your grandmother back up to the top once you've seen all you want to see.  

You can also rent wheelchairs from most medical supply stores 
to have at your home if you want one just to have available for neighborhood walks or going shopping or what ever. I agree with the poster who suggested renting a WC or purchasing one off craigslist to increase her range. Check with her first! She might hate the idea. 

Oregon Historical Society. Free for Portland residents and reasonable for your grandmother, nice smallish museum with nice exhibits. South Park Blocks area.

Also seconding the Chinese Garden and tea house. 

The PSU farmers' market on Saturdays is something my mom really enjoys when she visits. Go early to beat the late morning/lunch crowds. 

Pittock Mansion is a hit with older folks, too.
 this site was super helpful when my mom came to visit last year:

http://www.fs.usda.gov/detail/r6/specialplaces/?cid=stelprdb5394541

if she visits frequently or has access to other national parks, this would be great to get her.

http://store.usgs.gov/pass/senior.html

hope your grandma enjoys her visit! If she is a crafter (sewer, quilter, etc) take her to fabric depot. She will spend the day there and be amazed. My mom always wants to visit there when she visits. Gets a lot of fabric for her needs for the year. Rose gardens in Washington Park. Rose gardens in Peninsula Park. Drive up to Timberline Lodge, stop for lunch in Zigzag or something like that. U-picks on Sauvie Island. Researching the history/background of places might make things more interesting for both of you. If you have a car, drive the old highway, out along the Columbia River Gorge. So many waterfalls are visible without walking far or at all. There are also neat viewpoints and historic things that old people might like. Head out to the Bridge of the Gods. It may be more interesting if you read some history of the road/landmarks before. For example, Charles Lindbergh flew under the bridge when he visited. You can return via Mt. Hood (Hwys 35 and 26) and see Timberline lodge (WPA project and one of the lodges used in The Shining).

Depending on where she lives, a trip to the coast, the mountain, a forest, etc., might be a change from normal. There are some nice viewpoints where walking can be minimal. The International Rose Test Gardens come to mind - and they are part of a landscape architect's plan for the old park system (Olmstead). The history, flowers, and reservoirs make that an interesting place to see. Rocky Butte is another nice viewpoint.

Another good outing is to drive through agricultural areas and stop at farm stands/nurseries. Sauvie Island is good for that. Or, if your grandma likes to drink wine, there are several areas that are good wine-tasting routes. Even if she doesn't vineyards are pretty. You can also try some of the excursions you probably wouldn't try since you aren't a tourist, like the Portland Spirit or the trolley along the Willamette.

I hope you have a great time with your Grandma while she's here. Wheel Chair through the Rose Gardens or Laurelhurst Park. Powells. There's lots of benches and wheelchair/walker Accessible. 

Things like museums are almost always accessible with lots of spots to sit. 

Certain districts like Alberta have lots of shops, bars, restaurants and other Portland-y things and it's quite a flat walk with lots of places to stop and rest. 

Saturday market downtown is pretty fun, she might want a chair or walker because there's not always places to sit but it's pretty flat waking wise and lots of food and shopping and weirdos to look at. Although be warned the homeless are plentiful and ballsy as all hell so stick to the areas with lots of other people and ignore the bums at all costs.  I can't find a schedule online, but see if you can take her to the International Rose garden on a day with a concert happening there.  

First time we came to Portland, we went to the rose garden and had no clue a concert was planned, so we wandered about and then caught a show.  It was really nice, and lots of places in the park with benches to sit down, so if rest/mobility needs to be in the mix, it's a great spot.  

Plus, have you ever met a lady who hates roses?  Me neither.  :D There's some good Pokemon hunting on Hawthorne if that's her thing If she's from a more traditional part of the country take her to see a weed store, that will freak her out real good.  This is totally not answering your question and sounds like such an empty cliché, but savor and appreciate the time you get to spend with your grandmother. What I wouldn't give to spend a day or two with my grandparents as an adult. Ask her questions, listen to her stories, and think about recording them as well. And have fun! [deleted] Casa Diablo. Get a couples dance. Only $200. Buy her a fixie and tour the city! Oh I stumbled in here thinking it was like that "other than my mother" thread. Get a large piece of cardboard and go do break dancing at pioneer square. Antiquing, farmers markets, Portland Spirit! yamhill? 80s Dance Night at Crystal Ballroom? [deleted] I think she would totally love this! Well, we'll probably be there when she's here next weekend :) Thanks! I took my mom (she's about 70) there a few years ago. She liked it a lot. We had tea and snacks in the tea room there  it was quite good. 

I also recommend the pittock mansion just for the view out back in the garden. It's Ver accessible though the garden is sloped. It's a well kept path though. Mostly paved.

 I'll have to see if she'll be ok with using a wheelchair. She's kind of a stubborn lady lol. But if she is fine with it Tryon Creek sounds very nice. Thank you! I haven't seen her in a few years because she lives in Mexico so I don't know how well she can walk. But I'm hoping she will be ok with  a wheelchair so we can rent one at the zoo. Thanks for the suggestions! She might actually really enjoy the view from Pittock mansion, thanks! Oh Yes! And, we have a whole lot of excellent yarn stores, including some excellent local yarn producers. Unfortunately she's no the crafty type of grandma. Though I enjoy going there! Thanks! She does love roses. I'm thinking those are great ideas, thanks! > stop for lunch in Zigzag

What are you suggesting for lunch in Zigzag?  We have taken her to Multnomah Falls before and she enjoyed herself so maybe exploring more of the gorge would be a good idea. She does love fruit too so I'll suggest Sauvies Island to the family. Thanks for all these great suggestions! I'd have to see if she would accept the wheelchair, she's kind of stubborn lol. But she does love roses. Thanks! Yeah, I am starting to think that the rose garden is on the list of places to definitely go. That's more my thing but Hawthorne might be fun to visit anyway. Oh man, that would be hilarious but I think I might just get slapped upside the head! this. absolutely this. Yes, unfortunately I don't get to spend much time with her since she lives in Mexico. I haven't seen her in a few years so I am very excited about being able to see her :) I hope you're not talking about the Oregon theatre because I'm not sure my very religious parents would appreciate me taking my grandma there haha. My parents probably would disown me if I took her there! Haha LOLOL
 Maybe if she was 10 years younger :P They get like 1-2 comments on r/askportland. What really is the harm and need for seperation? Is it because there are the guides to access and otherwise this sub would be too cluttered?  They also have a special route for folks with mobility issues- if she's using a walker or any kind of equipment, that route will help a lot. I dunno, isn't there at least a diner or cafe there? and if not in Zigzag, then Rhododendron or Government Camp or whatever. I'm guessing that all that matters is to be in the mountains. My roommate reminds me that there is a drive in Hood River called the Fruit Loop. I don't know why I haven't been, but it sounds fun.

I hope you have a great time. I tried to think of things I did with my grandparents. Honestly, the best part was going for a drive or a walk and hearing them tell stories about old times. Kill two pigeottos with one poke ball 2 birds with 1 stone, then? People get help over there. It may not look like it when you only see 5-6 comments on a question, but that's because the answers are real, and not all filled up with snark, puns, and unimaginative answers like Yamhill Pub.  Fine. Good luck OP.
 Because certain people here get all mad and bothered if you post something that COULD go in another sub. People complaining about the macro got me to stop posting it last time, so screw it.  Macro? [Yes.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Enhancement/wiki/index/comments/comment_tools)  Oh, I'm just being a smartass and posting more relevant places for most of the threads on this sub. Mostly because people were crying about a post from me earlier today. Dude. You posted the hundredth pokemon go post this week outside of the megathread. People weren't "crying" about it. I posted something that wasn't asking a question about the game, or setting up a meet up about the game. It was some info about the game, and I didn't want people to uninstall the game and lose their data. Sorry for trying to look out. 