Saturday Market blasts as 'completely unnecessary' MAX plan to close Skidmore Fountain MAX station  I kind of agree with the market, honestly. My legs are not so great and one of the reasons I go to the Saturday Market a lot is that the train stop is right there and I don't have to put too much strain on them. I know most people don't think 600 feet is that far, but even though I have only the slightest of mobility issues it would probably be enough to keep me away most of the time. I could see it being a deal breaker for older people or those with real problems.


And they are right, 2 minutes isn't worth it. Meh. There are 3 stops in a 7 block stretch. One of them gotsa go. There are 3 stops within a few blocks.  Why can't people just... walk a few blocks?  Will make the MAX much faster.  Ignore the protests. This title gave me a stroke I’m in favor of keeping it, but only if they follow suit with the city’s tendency to rename something after someone with vague Portland connections. 

Next stop: Mad Max station!  This is dumb, as it’s next to a school (UO) and several large businesses as well as the Saturday market. The other stops nearby are far less useful, close one of them.  I think they ought to keep these stops in place for market days, even if not on other days. If people come from out of town, it's nice to have a stop right where the market is so that it's easy to find and use transit. 

Also, as I've watched my parents age, I've watched them limit their activities to what is accessible enough on walkers or with a cane and a lot of pain. It's easy for me to walk a few blocks and then walk around a crowded market. For them, it's a deal breaker. Instead of parking and riding MAX and then supporting local craftspeople, they'd drive to a place with accessible parking and flat floors. And they love Saturday Market. They've gone at least once a year since it opened in the 70s.  I had a severe sciatic pain attack that lasted for a few months when I was like 21.  Also didn't have health insurance and was broke, so that made it even better.

That one experience in my life is seared into my brain as a reminder of what people with chronic physical pain feel like on a daily basis.  Walking to your car or the bus stop is like what it feels like to hike on a steep hill in the gorge for hours to a healthy person.  It fucked my life up completely... and i couldn't get away from it, no matter what I did.  Your life revolves around it.

 And Skidmore is definitely the most stabby one. Yeah, I have a real hard time imagining the people who want to go to the Saturday Market and then decide not to because they have to walk two extra blocks. > walk a few blocks? 

Not all people "walk". 40% of homeless people have a disability, and there's a lot of homeless services right there. 

It won't make MAX "much faster". According to TriMet, if they closed [all 4 proposed stops](https://www.kgw.com/article/money/business/trimet-considers-closing-four-max-stations-in-downtown-portland/283-591179929) it would only increase speeds by 2 minutes through the whole downtown trip. Saves 2 minutes of what, to bring it down to 16 minutes instead of 18? It's not that big of deal.

But yeah, of all the stations that could close, I don't think Skidmore is doing anyone any favors. > Why can't people just... walk a few blocks?

I mean, are they wheelchair accessible?

Or are people in wheelchairs getting the short end of this stick?

>Ignore the protests.

Nah. Shari's tastes like pickles I am still down with NE 42nd being renamed “douglas adams blvd”.  I’m curious why they can’t have the stop open on weekends? Is it just more expensive to maintain it? I understand the time it takes to get through downtown is longer than it should be and I imagine the people most obstructed by this are people who are going to work on weekdays. Anyone know if it’s even viable to have a stop open solely for weekends when it’s in an important location for a big draw to downtown?  I was in a pretty bad car accident, and my legs still hurt if I walk too much or lift too much. And there were a few months there during my recovery where everything would seem fine, and then suddenly my legs would give out and I would fall over. So I had to completely change the way I move so that I was always near a wall, or that I never walked more than five minutes without sitting down, and that I NEVER take stairs if I can avoid it.


I still keep to a lot of those habits even though I am mostly better, but whenever I go anywhere I am hugely aware of how things are set up for anyone with mobility issues. Back then 600 feet would have been an absolute no. If they close that MAX stop, they should fill that entire area with those anti-bum boulders. All the way up to the bridge deck. That's my guess - they've done a crime survey and are shutting down the ones with the most problems. Like senior citizens or people with physical disabilities? >level 2

Totally get that some have disabilities, however I don't see how they couldn't use the sidewalk?  I know many with disabilities that are very apt and mobile.  Just because you have a disability doesn't mean you can't.. move a few blocks?

&#x200B;

Am I missing something here? Context please? I think the thing that people don't understand is pain that you can't get away from.  Most people have sprained an ankle or broken a foot or hand or finger or whatever... so they know what real pain is like.

But there's also something where you cannot see it getting better that eats at you, and is WAY different than just having an injury and immediately starting recovery... where you feel a little bit better each day.

Sort of also what makes mental illness so fucking brutal. If walking two blocks is a deal breaker for them, then so is walking around the crowded Saturday Market.  Somebody not able to walk the two extra blocks wouldn't be coming anyway. > I don't see how they couldn't use the sidewalk? 

>Am I missing something here?

Honestly? Go try to use a wheelchair over there. I bet you'll change your mind.

>Just because you have a disability doesn't mean you can't.. move a few blocks?

>I know many with disabilities that are very apt and mobile

Your anecdotal experience obviously does not include everyone. Just because *some* disabled people are apt and mobile, does not mean all are. You honestly going to tell me that a 94 year old woman in a wheelchair carrying an oxygen tank is going to have the same experience as your few examples who are totally apt and mobile? His flair is Shari's . My first experience with Shari's was everything tasting like pickles, I never went back. Hi, I work with disabled adults and you're quite off. Some of the disabled adults I work with can only handle walking a few blocks at a time, so getting off at Skidmore helps them at least enjoy a little bit of the Saturday market before they tire out and need to leave or take a long break. Where as adding the two extra blocks takes up enough energy that they won't be able to really have the energy for walking around the small bit of the market around the Skidmore stop.  I agree.  

However at the same time, I guarantee that woman also would like to get to her destination faster on MAX, just like everyone else.

If we look outside of downtown, do you know how far spread the stops are?  Let's take things into perspective.

I don't think this is worth arguing over -- just pointing out that I do not believe having fewer stops will dramatically effect those even with disabilities.  Not denying that it will make things more difficult.  I just believe the effects will not be as drastic as many believe, that's all.

Thanks for sharing your thoughts. It’s not good >  I do not believe having fewer stops will dramatically effect those even with disabilities. Not denying that it will make things more difficult. I just believe the effects will not be as drastic as many believe

You see, I think the issue is that you think this is because people with disabilities want to have stops closer to their destination.

What I'm saying is this, if you remove that stop you have to ensure that there is a clear and easily accessible route for wheelchair users to get to that area. It's not *just* a few blocks away when you need to circle around a few blocks to find a street corner ramp that has wide enough space for the wheels or unobstructed movement space. But it's always open! Gotcha -- makes total sense.  I agree, obviously the city / TriMet **should** ensure that there is easily accessible access if the are removed.  That being said, I think that should be a priority anyway, whether or not the stops are removed. 