Portland to settle with wheelchair users for $113 million in sidewalk fixes  I wonder how much the lawyers fees are.  It's pretty ridiculous how many sidewalks lack curb-cuts even downtown.  Between that, the missing sidewalks in Outer SW/E Portland, poor sidewalk quality where they do exist, restaurant sidewalk seating that sprawls onto the sidewalk, the fact that no one ever clears the sidewalks of leaves/ice/etc, and the parked vehicles that try to squeeze themselves into driveways that are way too short (thus blocking the sidewalk), I would not want to have a mobility disability in this town. $113m oughtta fix a corner or two. What's wrong with the sidewalk in thumbnail?  Is this what's going on or has been in Beaverton? I've been seeing this all over lately. this is insane in the membrane I hate all of the pedestrians in Portland.  Even the ones that can't walk. Probably at least half  it sounded like the settlement is going to fixing the sidewalks and not the actual users. > I would not want to have a mobility disability in this town.

Overall though, which town would you want to be a disabled person in? 

Portland's got it's sins, but I can't think of a city I've been that's squeaky clean in terms of accessibility.  It's pretty ridiculous that numerous roads are unpaved, pot holed, and have no sidewalk. I completely agree with the ADA on this, it's simply that our city lacks efforts to make roads and streets more habitable and pedestrian friendly throughout the city.  It's just crazy how our leaders have no plan to make these things happen besides a LID.  I think the worst part is we're ripping out the existing curb cuts and installing the ADA ones before we fix intersections that have nothing. The curbs surrounding the elementary school near me still don't have curb cuts, but my block was randomly "fixed" to have better curb cuts. The priority list seems to be pretty backwards Curb cuts seem like the biggest bang for the buck when it comes to increasing mobility \(for folks in wheelchairs, stroller users, and cyclists.  Not to mention the human excrement and discarded syringes all over the sidewalks  restaurant sidewalk sprawl is pretty bad. I'm torn because I like outdoor seating but then you get those really obnoxious places that push it way too far. You'll have full on picnic benches hugging the building then little tiny tables next the curb. Leaving a tiny sliver of barely acceptable sidewalk after you factor in all the legs and crap that extend out into the open path.

Don't get me started on those street picnic tables.. That one is showing a good curb cut. Looks like the sidewalk ends though near the fire hydrant.  Why do you have to be such a drivist? Wouldn't it be cool, though, if lawyers could heal the infirm? Minneapolis was pretty decent...I'm actually shocked at how the urban environments compare...in general this city feels like its very in disrepair despite all the condos being built up Older midwestern cities are better than Portland in most cases because they had major sidewalk upgrades at some point in their history.  Portland is long overdue.  There have been places in East Portland that have lacked sidewalks for close to 100 years now. 

It is fucking embarrassing.   ASU has a huge wheelchair population because it's flat and incredibly accessible. Believe it or not disabled people do flock to certain areas. I went to a university that was on a giant hill. During our discussion on ADA compliance a consultant mentioned the trends in campuses that attract disabled students. It was a pretty interesting presentation. We had maybe a handful of kids willing to battle a giant hill in a wheelchair. Dc is great  True, a lot of cities are equally bad, if not worse (especially outside the US).  I don't know that there's a single city in the US that is the gold standard, but in all of those categories (sidewalk coverage, curb cuts, keeping sidewalks clear and well-maintained), there are plenty of cities that do better. ODOT re-did 82nd and SE Mill a year or two ago. There are no sidewalks on Mill and as soon as ODOT's 10ft of new concrete sidewalk runs out, it's used as parking for the scummy used car lot on the corner. Since the new curb cut slopes down to street level, cars making right turns use the sidewalk as a turn lane, driving right the fuck over it. Bravo! I really didn't notice how many neighborhoods lacked them until I had a kid. Sleeping baby in stroller doesn't go over real well when the neighborhood lacks curb cuts. But we simply cannot arrest the people who are pooping and shooting up and dumping trash and stealing shit, that would be mean! /s You can use PDX Reporter to notify the city about this (if alcohol is being served, the OLCC would be *very* interested).  The website/app even has a separate category just for this. The sad thing is that it might not actually be good if you took a smart level to it. The difference between a 2% cross slope (compliant!) and a 2.1% or greater cross slope (not compliant, tear it out!) is imperceptible to the human eye. A lot of the good new stuff that was designed to standard may still not meet the standard. And that’s just one criteria you have to design to. I'm just driven? Our dysfunctional form of city government makes sure that our money's well-squandered on feel-good fluffy bullshit. Why would they care? It's endorsed by the city with the Street Seats program.

See example: 

https://www.google.com/maps/@45.5485935,-122.6755972,3a,75y,82.4h,87.32t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1sVP-POaxe_rF-H3IyPh8HGg!2e0!6s%2F%2Fgeo0.ggpht.com%2Fcbk%3Fpanoid%3DVP-POaxe_rF-H3IyPh8HGg%26output%3Dthumbnail%26cb_client%3Dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3D2%26w%3D203%26h%3D100%26yaw%3D155.19246%26pitch%3D0%26thumbfov%3D100!7i13312!8i6656

Source: http://www.oregonlive.com/portland/index.ssf/2014/04/portland_street_seats_program.html

They aren't doing anything wrong but I don't like it all I was talking specifically about sidewalk picnic tables (which by law and regulations have to provide sufficient right-of-way space).  The street ones are, like you said, encouraged by the city as a more productive and community-focused use of valuable commercial district curbside space than parking one or two cars.  As long as they don't overflow and impede sidewalk movement I see nothing wrong with these. 