need affordable, quality, trustworthy, assisted living community, in the greater RVA area, for my dad - please help He is 78, has balance and respiratory issues (pulmonary fibrosis), is declining, but is still independent.  He is not on oxygen yet. He needs help with meals.  Mobilization takes a lot of effort.  I would like him to have access to a community of peers, with possible required activities, so that he will participate and make some friends.  Looking for the best value.  I heard Westminster Canterbury is $300k just to get in.  Do not want anything, in the least bit, nasty. FWIW Westminster Canetbury is a POS. They changed the locks on my grandma's room when she was in the medical wing (at Westminster) for more than a day. They already were trying to fill her room. It wasn't even a serious medical issue. Fuck them.

I know there were numerous other issues while she was there but I don't have all the details. The locks incident is the one that always stood out the most.  My MIL is at [The Crossings at Hanover](http://thecrossingsathanover.com/), and we've been very impressed with the facility and the level of care. I can't say it's cheap, but it's been worth it. Westminster Canterbury is a continuing care retirement community. That 300k price to get in assumes your dad would move into independent living first, with the entrance fee providing assurance of a higher level of care down the line if needed.

They might do direct admissions into assisted living though, which run about 7k/monthly on average in the rva market. I’m in hospice care and have seen these facilities inside and out, their food, their various staff, everything. I would put my own family member in Chestnut Grove, no question about it. Very homey, doesn’t smell, they know their residents incredibly well.  Anywhere but Envoy of Westover, Jones and Jones, Bon View. Those places are awful.  My grandmother was at Little Sisters of the Poor and it was amazing care  Brandermill? That's 2 for Brandermill...  I'll check out Chestnut Grove, St Marys Woods, The Crossings , and Little Sisters of the Poor, based on your recommendations.  Lakewood is Baptist, WC is too expensive...  I don't see a "box to the right?"  TYVM everyone! http://www.stmaryswoods.com/mission [Look at the inspection reports for the facilities you are considering.](http://dss.virginia.gov/facility/alf.cgi) Use the "Search for Assisted Living Facility" link in the box on the right to get there. [Brandermill Woods](http://www.brandermillwoods.com)  Lakewood is really nice. I had my father go in Saint Mary woods.  It is a great Catholic run organization.  My dad isn't Catholic (he is non religious) but the place was well run and cared for him. However, if he is wheelchair bound they won't accept him.  Once my dad was wheelchair only, we put him in Commonwealth Assisted Living Center.  It was a great place and he got to drink daily with his friends. Little Sisters of the Poor but they have a wait list.  Beth shalom too.   Any chance he is a Veteran? If so, contact Sitter & Barfoot Veteran Care Center in Richmond.  There is no better facility.  $7k a month is too much... for a 400sq/ft efficiency? He won't qualify for assistance, nor would he want to go to any of those places...  are there any other options?   My wife works with many Westminster Canterbury residents and hears wonderful things about it. She's heard some complaints, but nothing she thought was terrible--after spending a lot of time there, and routinely visiting people there--we're looking into it for her mom.

An old friend of mine who owned a Zagat-rated restaurant is a cook there now, too--he's incredible. I don't know about the issues with your grandmother, it sounds horrible, but it's just in such sharp contrast to what I've heard from other people. He is not a veteran, a mason, or affiliated with any religion I have only heard wonderful things as well. We play squash with a resident who I won't match up again because he could totally whip my ass. I probably should have mentioned this was at the one in Lynchburg. FWIW. But yeah I dunno. It's reassuring to hear there are good folks there.  ohhh--I didn't realize there were more than one. It just surprised me because my wife works with a lot of people who have money issues who live there--because they paid the upfront cost, they've been kept in there even when they couldn't pay anymore, so I was surprised to hear about people being forced out. My sense was that once you're in in the Richmond one, you're in. 