Help planning day trip to Williamsburg/Jamestown I moved to RVA a few months ago and haven't gotten a chance to explore Williamsburg/Jamestown yet. My grandmother is visiting this weekend and I had the whole weekend planned out in Richmond...well, turns out she wants to spend Sunday in Williamsburg/Jamestown. 

Any tips for a day trip to the area? 

update: Thank you all so much for the info - it helped tremendously. We had brunch at Food for Thought in Williamsburg, walked around Colonial Williamsburg (skipped the $40 pass and was glad we did) for about 90 minutes, then headed to Jamestown and spent about 2 hours at the Settlement (instead of the actual Jamestown site), which I thought was worth the $17 admission price. Finished the day off at Billsburg Brewery. It was a lot of walking for my grandmother, but fortunately, the Visitor's Center had a wheelchair to rent. 
 You can enjoy Williamsburg without purchasing any admission tickets. There are parking lots around Merchant’s Square (Duke of Gloucester St) which are very reasonable. You can grab lunch at the Cheese Shop (get the house dressing) before you walk down towards the Capitol.  It’s around a mile, I think, all the way down DoG St.  (You can easily kill an afternoon walking around the houses and gardens)

If you’re looking for a nice spot for dinner back in Merchants, Berret’s Seafood is awesome. If you’re looking for something away from Colonial Williamsburg, it’s going to be chock full of chains. Food for Thought on Richmond Rd is pretty good. Opus 9 Steakhouse in New Town is another favorite local-ish spot. 

Jamestown you will need to pay to use. I can’t remember prices, but it wasn’t awful. The new Visitors Center is huge and has amazing artifacts. The Settlement is interesting to see, but it’s almost a little too...museum-esque. A good option too is spending a little time at Jamestown, then hopping on the Colonial Parkway over to Yorktown. There’s a bunch of restaurants along Water St. (The owners of Beret’s have another restaurant there) It’s situated along the York River and it’s pretty cool to look out as the river widens into the Bay. (All the markers in the water are shipwrecks). 

Back to Williamsburg, a little less casual is Pierce’s Pit BarBQue. I grew up in Williamsburg and have always loved stopping in. It’s actually pretty standard Q, but it’s tucked away in a sleepy spot and it’s not a chain. 

Any other questions I didn’t answer or anything else you can think of, shoot me a message.  Keep in mind that **there are actually two museum sites at Jamestown**. One is Jamestown Settlement; this is the living-history focused museum just off Jamestown Road, with all the flags outside. It has the replica ships and costumed interpreters, but as mentioned, it's very much a museum experience. It's operated by a state-run nonprofit, like the VMFA. The other is Historic Jamestowne, which is run jointly by the National Park Service and the nonprofit Preservation Virginia. It's the actual site of the Jamestown colony, and focuses on archaeology and interpreting the history of the colony through artifacts. I recommend seeing both at some point if you can, since they do reinforce one another, but if you have to pick, go with the Settlement if you've got kids or really want to do the living history thing, and the actual Jamestown otherwise. (It's cheaper, too.) You can definitely have fun without an admission ticket but if you want to go into shops and such then you’ll need one.   You should consider doing a quick drive to Yorktown. You don't have to go to the museum. Just drive around, see the battlefield and get out and stand at the monument. It has a decent view of the area. Well said. I think Jamestown was worth the price of admission.  This guy nailed it.

I would definitely grab dinner in Yorktown if you have time.  It’s a 20 minute, scenic drive along the Colonial Parkway to get there.  And then the River Walk area of Yorktown is pretty and you can walk around there a bit, and the restaurants are right there.

Give yourself 2-3 hours to explore CW.  Maybe an hour to spend at Merchant Square/DoG Street.  W&M’s Old Campus is worth a little exploration if you have time.  Sunken Gardens/Crim Dell is a decent place to sit and talk for a bit.  Wren building is worth at least a quick ten minute walkthrough.  All of that stuff is right next to Merchant Square so you can walk to it. came to say I hate Pierce's.  Such bad Barbecue.  It should rename itself Bill's Williamsburg Both are great, but I personally think the Jamestown site edges out the settlement. But, if you don't want to walk around and try not to think about how everyone died while staring at the beautiful banks of the James River, then the settlement is your bet, since it's more kid friendly. 

One thing I really like about the Jamestown site is the Archaerium. It's a really well put together museum that gives great context for the settlement as a whole. If you're lucky and there's archaeologists working on a dig you can snag one and ask them about their work!  That and literally across the street there's billsburg brewery, which is a super chill new place to grab a drink by the James. Yeah you’re right. I always go with my kids on their field trips to Jamestown, so I’ve gone for free, but for a first timer it is pretty fucking cool.  Am archaeologist, can confirm. :) It's fun chatting with people about whatever I'm doing, as long as I'm not feeling too sweaty and irritable. 