am i the only one who sees what's wrong here?  Of course, the driver could have been parked there all along, and the other two drivers are the monsters... This crap happens in front of my house ALL THE TIME.  Hate it.   i know it's petty, but the frustration of seeing people park in the middle of a two-car spot... it's not like we live in a fucking city or anything. Nothing a tow strap and some reckless disregard for your own vehicle couldn't solve.  Your neighbors are monsters! Easiest solution the city could even profit from:

PAINT LINES THAT PEOPLE SHOULD PARK INSIDE OF.  

Then, if someone does take two spots, ticket them.  Would save bumpers too from total idiots that try to make a spot in front or behind the car witnessed in that picture.  Rocket fucking science level shit right there. A true travesty that plights our fair city. Maybe they were picking up or dropping off an elderly person in a wheelchair and they needed to park right next to the sidewalk extension?   Grove? Once, I had to walk to the other side of a no parking sign, because there was already a bike locked up on the side I was standing on.  It was very irritating. nah, i was on my porch reading when this happened.  check the other side of the street, too.  saw them both... bit my tongue.  like i said, petty. Nope. If there's that much room park to the next closest vehicle. If there's no vehicles, park at the end of the block. Either way this was shitty, selfish parking. It's not petty.

They're being selfish and unaware of their actions. What if he was there first but the guys around him can't park? It's worse.  They tread on her! Sadly, if they did that there would be a huge uproar over the perceived loss of parking spaces. Besides, it would effectively outlaw parking within 20' of an intersection since now there would be actual spots painted on the road.  Your point is well taken but a wheelchair on that crumbly old sidewalk? I think the adjacent well-compacted grass would be a better option.  Well then, screw that guy!  Monster it is! if you're the first person you should be parking at the end of the block to start the sequence out correctly. Still no excuse. If I were God, I'd reserve a special place in hell for people that park trucks/vans/etc.huge.vehicles on the corners.  :O >  Besides, it would effectively outlaw parking within 20' of an intersection since now there would be actual spots painted on the road. 

This would be a Good Thing(tm)! Don't get me started!!!! They should tow all those people who park on a corner and make it impossible to see.  ------E Lets get him!!! I agree whole heartedly. However those Fan Assoc. types are less inclined.  There was a huge stink a little while ago when some meter maids started to enforce the restrictions near intersections, and if memory serves me, I think the fan association made such an uproar over the "loss" of parking spots that the city had to tell the parking enforcement to stop giving out those tickets. Which is a shame because it really is a road hazard when trying to see oncoming traffic and there are cars/vans/trucks that are blocking the view.  Look through the car's windows ... ------<~ YYAAA The fan association is the biggest bunch of nimby obstructionist grumps this side of the Church Hill Association.   I hate laws that are not enforced.  Something is either illegal or not, there shouldn't be this weird gray area.  If you don't like the laws, or if you're not going to enforce them, change them. Tinted windows,  wrong height car,  etc. They aren't supposed to be parked there. It is unsafe. And honestly it's worse for drivers than it is for cyclists.   Yes, because it's that easy. They really are, and yet they also seem to wield an exorbitant amount of power. I would love to see someone fight them through the courts and kick their asses.  Not defending FDA, but Church Hill wins that contest by a long shot. Those people are ridiculously irrational. No one in the FDA ever went to court for assault in relation to their nimby-ism. I 100% agree with you.  Or work vans/etc that you just can't see through.   It is for me.

Never had a problem in all of my years in Richmond. if I get in an accident because of those cars, you bet I will. Congrats?  There's a reason it's illegal, but apparently you have super x-ray vision. That would actually be a good case to fight. Especially if your insurance company was doing the litigation, I could see a decent case to be made against the city, the Fan Assoc., and probably the contract company doing the actual parking enforcement.  No, just common sense and the ability to use context clues to see past an object.

Instead of bitching about other people parking, I figured out my own way to see past them.  I'd rather solve my problems than bitch about how they're someone else's fault. It nearly happened about a month ago. Late at night, DD'ing my buzzed S/O in his car, couldn't see, inched out, inched out more, didn't see anyone, pulled out.....ended up inches from a guy with super dim lights. Luckily his brakes were on point. Sure dude.  Keep on keeping on. You pretty much have to pray every time you get onto Monument. Will do. 