Safe places to sleep in car? Please need advice and help. Hey everyone,
My mother and I is currently sleeping in a jeep that we recently obtained through my cousin. We lay the back seat down and lay blankets down as cushion. It's hard for both of us. It's hard for me because I'm kinda big and tall. It's so much harder for her because she is 53 and disabled. She has bad knees and a bad back. Before we got the car I literally pushed her around in her wheelchair (she is waiting for her electric one), and we rode the sac rt. If we didn't have bus money to go to a cool place or loaves and fishes for food,I would push her to a park and we would be there all day. For the past month and half we would spend most if not almost all her money on a motel. When we would run out of the motel we would stay at our church , which my cousins has a key because she cooks for the homeless there once a week. That is always a risk because we really aren't suppose to be there, not because the owner of the church doesn't wish to help us but I guess something about the insurance doesn't cover people "living" there or staying over night. I understand. 

My cousin is also homeless with her husband and 3 kids. We basically all became homeless together. We were living together and she got kicked out. She in the past week started staying at her husband's uncle's house, her, him and the kids sharing a room. She also recently got a car through uber, thats why she gave us her old car. And its old but its a car. 

The church is pretty much no longer an option. So our only option now is sleeping in this jeep. Last night we parked in a neneighborhood in del paso heights. Not the safest but it was kinda dark and quite. We are always afraid of being harassed by the police because Im the only one who can drive this manual jeep, my mom doesnt know how and she can't work the clutch because her knee can't keep bending like that. I have no drivers license. So im just looking for a place where its safe and a place where the cops won't bother us. 

We are good people in a horrible situation. We are actively seeking a cheap apartment or a room to rent. Paying weekly for a motel is a waste of money i feel like. My mother has the only source of income. I cant get a job because I have to wheel her around all day. She can take care of herself, she just cant walk long distances or stand for very long. She is to old for this, I feel so bad and sad seeing her like this everyday. I'm 26 I can physically handle this better. My cousin is the only one helping us, and she is helping us and she is also in the same boat. I would like for us to stay in the arden area or north higlands or around Madison/greenback. So anywhere around that area that you guys know where its safe to park and just sleep. Right now we are sitting at a community center staying cool, until they close @ 8pm. Thank you everyone. After 8pm try a 24hr Wal-Mart. 
Call 211 for resources for you and your mother.  Consider getting her help/support while you go find a job. It will be easier for her to be placed into shelter/housing by herself. Then once stabilized, you can pair up.  I've called the Walmart on watt. It does not allow overnight RVs or car camping. Other walmarts indicate no camping on a Walmart RV locator. I called 211 for you. They said there is nothing they can do for you tonight and they have no info on safe places to park. If you call Salvation Army tomorrow they can hook you up with motel vouchers. Please call 211. They are available 24/7. They can help you.  I third the calling of 211.  Also try getting to the local One Stop Work Center, they can assist you with finding some kind of work because face it, you are going to have to work to get you and your mam out of this current situation.  Your mom can hang somewhere like the church for the time you are at work for the short term.
Best of luck to you and please keep us updated. One more idea. The I-5 rest stop on the southbound side of I-5 near the airport.  It's a legit place to ... rest.  I've posted this a few times before but my cousin was living out of her car for a while and would sleep in hospital parking lots. As far as I know, she never ran into any trouble doing it and it wouldn't be that unusual to see someone sleeping in a car there (visitors/employees napping, etc) so security probably wouldn't bother you. If I were in that situation, I'd probably do the same... Seems like it'd be a lot safer than a Walmart parking lot or random neighborhood.  If it's legally possible for you to get a driver's license, it seems like it would be a huge advantage in your situation. If there is a barrier to getting your license, ask a service provider, they may be able to help. Or maybe try the DMV. There might even be a hardship license or something available if a standard license isn't an option. Just an idea. Good luck! try the winco parking lot walerga and elverta.. 24 hr winco makes easy cheap and delish.. and i used to park behind the starbucks/togos building as long as your quiet and respectful they are pretty chill. Only had a cop ask me to leave once. The 24 hour truck stop off I-5 at W El Camino?  Worth a try. rest stops on the freeway! Have you considered looking into Low Income Housing? You might be able to qualify in your situation. Mercy Housing is one resource you might be able to look into. Sac Housing is another great resource.  Check out http://www.cheaprvliving.com/forums/.  There are lots of people on there who live out of their vehicles, both by choice and by necessity.  They might have advice or food info for you.  These are some places near me that could help you

http://lazarusprojectinc.org/

http://www.thegatheringinn.com/

Good luck, OP. Consider the 24 hour fitness parking lots as well. If you can swing it through social engineering you might be able to get some guest passes to shower and clean up there as well. Church parking lots, as far off the street as possible. 

Edit. Nowhere is safe in the Arden arcade north highlands area. Please stay safe. Try going into Carmichael. Have you looked at the long term parking lot at the airport.  I've stayed at wal marts with "no overnight" policies plenty of times and never been harassed/asked to leave.  That's the 49er Truck Stop.  It's $12/day. Oh, didn't know it cost money to stay there.  The lot is really big, assumed that you could probably hang out there if they didn't notice.  People are there at all hours of the day.   