No question is a stupid question..? Hey Sac folks. I recently moved here and have been admitted to the hospital the full 40 days I've been here. I haven't seen any of Sac yet, I have no friends, and I'm basically just feeling really low. So here I am, asking Reddit the stupidest question. Does anyone in the area have a service dog they'd be willing to bring over to the hospital for a visit? I'm not contagious or anything. Just a small lady in a wheelchair with some medical needs, and currently some emotional needs as well. A dog would be such a nice visitor, something I could give an outpouring of love and vice versa. I'm up for making friends too! I just won't love all over you like I would with a dog. Let me know. :) [deleted] Are you still looking for a [personal care attendant](https://www.reddit.com/r/Sacramento/comments/5iknuu/hiring_personal_care_attendant_no_experience/)? I have 10 years experience and a pupper. I've never dealt with them, but maybe worth checking out. 

http://www.rosevillecaliforniajoys.com/service-dog-therapy-animals/ I would be happy to visit you, I don't have a service animal Hi again! I'm the one with the therapy dog who provided a website link (which I found out I shouldn't have done). I'm still learning how to use reddit, sorry! If you want to send me a private message with the hospital and department that you are in, I will contact them about their rules for canine visitors. My dachshund and I are fairly new to pet therapy, but we'd love to come visit you :) I just got out of UC Davis a couple of weeks ago and they have a service dog that does visits.  I'm not sure what hospital you're in but ask the nurse if there is a service dog program.   The hospital has service dogs! Ask your nurse about it :) Sent you a pm. [removed] Thank you so much. :)  Hey! I am. :) Send me a message!  Thank you!  DID YOU SAY DACHSHUND?!? I used to have a Doxie! Oh my gosh. Well I'm at UC Davis, and I'm in the Women's Pavilion. I think that's what you'll need to know to find out requirements. :)  Hello!! I am still in need of a visitor :)  Everyone should have a Doxie in their life! :) I just spoke to someone in your unit, and was told that because there are newborns on that floor, it probably wouldn't be allowed, although he didn't know the exact regulations.  Maybe you can ask your nurse directly and find out if a visit would be possible, or if we would have to wait until you are out of the hospital. Well I can always leave the unit. I'm allowed to go to the lobby or cafeteria area. And service dogs are for sure allowed in those areas; I've seen a bunch. :)  Ok, that should work! I'll PM you later when I have my schedule in front of me and we can figure out a time for this coming week! 