Suggestions for a Texas gift to send a dying friend My childhood friend is dealing with the most aggressive form of MS in the US. She's been through every treatment she qualified for (including several rounds of chemo) and with her latest setbacks, is now moving to the stage of needing in home care. Her doctors goal is to make her comfortable until she passes. She still can get around in a wheelchair, but can't take many trips. She wants to travel more so I thought a box from Texas would be fun for her. 

I want to put together a box of food and maybe some other stuff from Texas/San Antonio. I want to include food especially since she loves it. She is also gluten free because of celiac disease. 

Any suggestions tthat will fit in a medium sized flat rate usps box?  How about some yellow roses? Can she drink coffee? If so, come by my shop, Estate Coffee Co, and I'll gladly throw a bag of coffee in for free. We roast everything in house and have a few delicious options.  HEB Items. I'll be going there first. HEB salsa for sure. Maybe an Italian soda.  Go to Amol's in downtown San Antonio for some fun little Fiesta/San Antonio themed goodies to include as filler in the package. I also think a Mexican blanket in her favorite color would be nice, and can be used as "bubble wrap." You can get that from Amol's too, I think its pretty cheap.  In addition to HEB stuff there's a store in the river center mall with kitchy texas food stuff like pecan pie filling in a jar ( idk how good it is though ) . half price books always has really good books about texas i bought weird texas for about 5$ there Pecans!  Pecan chewies.  A buccees T-shirt? I will ask if she can. Thank you!  This is correct. Go to HEB and shop for gluten free items made from HEB. That's as Texas as it gets. Best store in Texas  I wish there was a real H-E-B sub Reddit.. 
:( If you're getting salsa, don't forget HEBs Texas shaped tortilla chips! My HEB has TX shaped noodles [deleted] Maybe it was made in Italy, Texas! Their seasonal flavors have Chile in them. I guess not a super Texas item, but I love them! Haha 