This is b.s.-dog rant I got up at 4 this morning because of what  I thought was knocking at the door.  When I came outside I was met by 3 dog's.  All pit mix with no collars.  Wet from the rain and they tore up the trash, pooped in the yard..and worst of all they tore up the front door.  I LOVE DOGS..I have a service dog of my own.  I am in a wheelchair and going door to door around the hood is impossible right now.  Why people don't lock their dogs up on the 4th is beyond me.  Called a buddy to help find their shit owner.  They just won't leave. The amount of stray dogs and cats in San Antonio is depressing.  My fiancée is constantly finding animals that need to be taken to a shelter, because they've either ran away, or have been abandoned.  She actually works at a shelter, and is always on guard on her way to work, waiting to see if anything had been abandoned at their gate that morning.  They really need to start going after people for this type of behavior...  it's very disturbing and depressing. This town is overall pretty awful about strays and loose pets so when a fireworks holiday shows up it’s chaos. Usually a massacre on the side of the roads. Good luck  I just saw that the animal shelters busiest day is on July 5th because of all the runaway dogs. Try using the SA 311 app? You can upload a pic and animal control may come pick them up, I'm not sure. I’m tired of everyone in this city tiptoeing around the fact that the animal abuse and massive stray problem here is a cultural problem. I’ve talked to many people (on Reddit and elsewhere) who are hesitant to call it a cultural issue because they’re afraid of offending people by labeling it as such. It’s frustrating and people need to start calling a spade a spade to even begin to tackle this issue. [removed] Dude that really sucks! I don’t understand how people can be so nonchalant with their pets on 4th of July or New Years. I was so paranoid about my own dog because I didn’t know how she would behave around fireworks. 
I love San Antonio but it always make me sad to see people mistreat their animals  The 5th is one of the biggest days for animal control because so many dogs lose their shit and escape thanks to the fireworks. Sucks.

So be careful driving out there people, there's going to be more dogs wandering free today than most days. [deleted] It's almost like we need to hang up billboards on the side of the road with common sense things... Just shoot em. A pack of untrained pitbulls could literally get kids going to and from school killed.  We need mandatory spays, neuters, and abortions to be a law for all pitbulls and pitbull mixes. Eradicate the breed. Pick a different fucking dog, low rent scum. they are pit bulls, seen as vicious dogs, i’m sure pounds have trouble with capacity as it is I love dogs just as much as any dog owner, and a dumbass dog is really the icing on my 'fuck u' cake. Not even to mention it's a pit . Why idiots get mma dogs, idk Used to be in her position. I worked at ADL. Now that I don't,  I'm scared to pick up animals because while I worked there, we had to turn animals away constantly. I have an infant and two other dogs, including a semi-aggressive dog, I can't risk being saddled with a third, even temporarily. It's so fucking depressing, seeing a dog looking lost and scared. I post on Nextdoor as much as I can but I still wish I had room to keep more of them safe. Your fiance is doing God's work. Especially in this town. I'm on my mobile so pardon the punctuations I have taken 2 dogs and 1 cat to the vet in the last 3 weeks :/ I just pay for their shots and neuter them so they have a better chance at being adopted  Wrote this below but they literally will not do anything.  They say unless the dog is showing signs of aggression (and even then if you lie) they will not show up.  Strays are not on their priority list whatsoever per 311 and a direct call to Animal Control just two weeks ago. I heard about that too. The Damned camera on my phone doesn't work. But when my buddy gets here we'll take some freaking photos. agreed. i came to san antonio from new jersey, and ive lived in austin and corpus as well, non kill shelters do not take strays because they are always full. what ive seen plenty of while im down here is kids wanting a pet, parents getting said pet and the kids getting bored of it, so that animal gets abandoned. ive witnessed first hand how people can be so cruel and neglectful to their pets. things ive never seen outside of south texas. 

  I lived in Austin for three years. And it was pretty bad there too. Unfortunately it was all pit mixes that we're getting lost. The city went ahead and passed legislation Banning tying your dog to a tree. And the amount of lost dogs got really bad after that. [deleted] You mean NextDog? I’m certainly not condoning the abandonment of animals, but it’s in th culture down here.  And before anyone tells me I’m wrong I’ve been all over the country and it’s not like this in other areas of the country. My buddy is coming over here in just a bit I'm going to try to find any signs and knock on doors. Just sucks I have to do it in a wheelchair. Cuz if I find the owner I'm going to give them a talking to. They literally will not do anything.  They say unless the dog is showing signs of aggression (and even then if you lie) they will not show up.  Strays are not on their priority list whatsoever per 311 and a direct call to Animal Control just two weeks ago.  yeah get the animals put down just for being scared and having shit owners, good one "THINK GOD" Eradicate huh!! You sounds like a douche. How  it’s not the dog you moron it’s the owner. Wipe a race out cause of one person?? Don’t be silly you clown. > We need mandatory spays, neuters

Right on

> and abortions to be a law for all pitbulls and pitbull mixes. Eradicate the breed. 

Hold up now...

> Pick a different fucking dog, low rent scum.

Um....  I got a response from them once. There was a dog that was aggressively barking at everyone in our apartment complex. Someone dropped it off there with puppies and a bag of dog food. I had to call 911 THREE times for them to get something done about it. The final time I was standing in front of the dog (with a machete for protection) as it screamed bloody murder at me, so the operator could hear it. I told them it was going to hurt someone. It was gone a few hours later. I suppose it could have moved on, but not likely. I have had multiple dogs picked up from my house when I contained strays, and they came out each time I’ve called on my shitty neighbor. Telling people not to call 311 is really not helpful.  I agree. I called 311 after my neighbor's dogs got out and attacked me on my porch. They were very aggressive, but luckily I wasn't bitten. They told me Animal Control's typical response time is 12 hours.  Maybe tweet on the city of SA's twitter? Or the mayors?  Pretty sad and frankly embarrassing that passing a simple ordinance like that leads to people saying “fuck it, I’ll just let the dog loose if I can’t tie it to a tree.” Ignorance in South Texas is higher than anywhere else I’ve lived. [removed] It’s really bad here. I can’t tell you how many dogs (usually big breeds like pit bulls) I’ve seen that are chained up in the backyard with no shade or water. These dogs also aren’t fixed and don’t have their vaccines. So eventually the dog will break free and have puppies while potentially spreading diseases. It’s no way for Man’s Best Friend to live :( People are afraid of being called racist for labeling it a cultural issue. But, it is 🤷🏻‍♂️ I'm pretty sure Animal Control would capture the dogs and take them to the pound. 1-800-FOR-TRUTH or whatever it is. Dirtbags only own pit bulls to breed them and fight them; that’s why. Classic "It's not the gun, it's the owner" logic.  I'd settle for mandatory spays & neuters for pitbulls. That would also eradicate the breed. Abortions would just speed up the process. I'm giving my experience with basically yelling at an operator after 4 consecutive days of phone calls 2 weeks ago. What else do you want? Why would I post a negative experience if I didn't have one with 311? You telling them 311 works is another experience, however, as you can see, people have had a similar experience to me. Then vote for more funding for the animal shelter and animal control.  This, and they need to fine the fuck out of people who do this. I'm almost tempted to propose it to our councilman as a revenue generating measure for the city. 

I usually take the dogs to ACS myself and ask them to scan for a chip, and if I can foster in place, I do. If I can't, I tell them I saved their enforcement officers a trip and consider it a stray. However, I'm an able-bodied, SUV-driving soccer mom type so the ACS staff usually take me more seriously as I get all "I need to speak to your manager" on them. 

There is a "lost and found pets of San Antonio" Facebook group that is great for reuniting pet owners. It's invite-only, so it's more moderated than most groups. They have a checklist to go through if you find strays and since you're wheelchair-bound, they may connect you with someone that can help you. What's a good solution for this cultural problem, if any? Tethering pets is illegal now. Report it to 311.  I’ve absolutely been called a racist for this belief but there isn’t any other explanation. Where they will be euthanized. Download the 311 app so nobody in their call center has to pretend to be paid well enough to be yelled at.  Go ahead and propose it to your coucilman. That's a good idea. The worst that'll happen is they ignore you. People do that shit because there are no repercussions. It doesn’t matter what measures are proposed, if people don’t want to follow them, they won’t. Unfortunately ACS officers can’t go into every backyard; I wish they could.  If I had one, I’d be mayor  You are incorrect. It depends how and when an animal is tethered. In most cases that I've seen, the pets are tethered illegally. 

[San Antonio Code of Ordinances - Animals](https://library.municode.com/tx/san_antonio/codes/code_of_ordinances?nodeId=PTIICO_CH5AN) Great info, I didn’t know this! That’s why it’s morphed into an almost uncontrollable problem. No one is willing to call it what it is or come up with affective solutions  [removed]  “The tying device (to include a pulley system) must provide at least one hundred fifty (150) square feet of unobstructed space.” 

I guess they just added a lot to the law instead. This right here should get most people that are tethering their dogs in the far corners of their yards, not in big open fields.  