Visiting SD, Looking for Stuff to do. I am visiting San Diego on Friday, August 5th and I have no idea what to do.  If you guys/gals could suggest a few things That'd be really helpful.  I'm 20 so no alcohol unfortunately but other adult activities are welcome.  I don't have a whole bunch of money for this so nothing too expensive please.  Also, I am in a wheelchair so activities such as the beach, mountain climbing and the like are a bit out of my capability.

Thank you in advance for any suggestion(s)! :D Balboa park seems like the right place to go. Plenty of museums and attractions there. Sea world, Zoo, Wild Animal Park, and the Ruben H. Fleet Science center are all awesome as well. Hope you enjoy your stay, feel free to ask if you have any other questions! You're probably going to get downvoted, but nobody who is that cranky is awake yet. So before you do, I'll try and help you out: 

On the right hand side of this page, there's a link, 6 down. It says "What to do in San Diego." It starts with Balboa Park, which everyone recommends first for good reason, and goes on to other stuff from there.

Heck, here's a hot link, you don't even have to move your mouse.

http://www.reddit.com/r/sandiego/comments/d9dlr/definitive_list/ You may also wish to join this group on FB (if you're not already all the way over on G+ :) ):  http://www.facebook.com/groups/sdredditors/

Numerous events going on each day and no need to feel shy/awkward/odd/etc... about being new.  Everyone is welcome with open arms. The San Diego Museum of Art also has a collection called From El Greco to Dali. Some pretty amazing paintings from the Spanish Masters. Only museum in the United States to host it as well. Except the people who don't have facebook; we don't count. would you like ketchup with your french-cries?  Geez. And I thought you said this was a welcoming group.  It is.  But not if you whine about it. It is a welcoming group unless you whine about it not being welcoming; I think we have entered paradox land here. 