Imperial Beach gets Handicap Beach Access Mat!!!  My vote for longest, worst Youtube intro ever. To skip 53 seconds of hell, https://youtu.be/5RbABFkQcJQ?t=53s skip to 0:54 I appreciate how well edited the intro was you obviously put time into it. That being said it was pretty long for a short video. lol Damn, I always wondered what those were for. TiL I'm happy you're happy and I'm all for access for everyone. 

Not sure how to ask this, but would someone mind explaining....what's the..."point"?

Is being 20 feet out on the mat in the middle of the sand that much better than being on the sidewalk?

Sorry, I feel like it's a douchey question, but I'd rather ask than remain ignorant. I'm just not understanding how this is an improvement.   I was expecting the mat to extended a little bit further out but hey its a start! Hepatitis A is now equal opportunity! Very cool  Hey dude i stay in ib. 
I follow you on instagram. 
You continue to be a inspiration to people. 
Stay strong friend of ib. :) Wadsworth constant definitely applies ouch! - sorry it bothered you so much - good idea to link to a pickup point for those that want the cheese without the cracker - I could do that in the future if that's typical rediquette.  Sorry if it is and I didn't, I'm kinda new to this and still learning Haha yep my audience is interested in my story more than disability access and the intro was new to them so in that context i hope it's appreciated but lesson learned - redditors just want the news not the cute!  Easy fix for future postings :) Me too. I was at Bellmont Park a few weeks ago and wondering what that mat was for? That's a great question.  Most of is can transfer to a beach chair or blanket but usually have to sit on benches or in the sand near a parking lot or tje public restrooms where the sand begins - far from the water and not exactly where my kids want to play and you can only get carried so far by your friends and family so...  It's a big blessing.  Today i rolled to the end of one at Daisy Street which ends right next to a big rock.  My friend sat on the rock, i was in the #ministang and we weren't in a parking lot or a crowded playground - we were on the beach  😎 They were literally installing it as I got there!  I didn't want to go all gumby and have them laying it down as I rolled lol - I expect it will end up going further down unless it's a temporary measure to provide access to the coming Sand sculpture or something Lol! Hey'l we're working on that - actually twice in the past month my clean water activism videos got me on the news.  Solutions are on the table and it's 2017 so hopefully we'll solve that soon Well thanks neighbor - that's super nice of you to say! > Wadsworth constant

Learn something new every day. I never heard of that before and so true.
http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/the-wadsworth-constant Wadsworth has it's own subreddit: /r/wadsworth Sweet and well done. Family loves that kind of stuff but the general public is going to wonder WTF? did I just click on and immediately leave or fast forward. jesus why did you add so much intro fluff to begin with [deleted] Us young folk have short attention spans. Yeah!  I'm new to disability life so im learning about all the barriers and trouble most of society doesnt even notice.  I knocked over 3 no parking signs on streetsweeping day and have to plan routes around broken concrete or missing handicap accessible streetcorner ramps.  I'm blessed that i can transfer as mine is more a mental tool than strictly physicical but it makes me very grateful that our city values the disabled enough to provide access to everyone's favorite place :) Ah! That makes sense. I'm glad you can enjoy the beach more.  Wouldn't a more capable wheelchair make more sense? Sand tires or something.. Good on you man, just a shame that so much good work can be so easily and frequently undone by sewage spills a couple miles down the coast from our southern neighbors. that was in 2011? Fuck... Haha this is amazing Makes sense! Haha yeah i realized now its audience related.  My channel is for people following my family's adventures and the ramp was one - but here people expected a ramp and then felt like theybare watching someones home video commercial lol.  I'll try to think multi-audience when possible and see conflicts of interest to link to a midpoint in the video for future crossover topics :) It's literally a pilot for a new series on my channel I had it and it felt like a good first adventure for the series just kinda showed up so I put them together.  My channel is about my family beating cancer together not wheelchair ramps - I just thought oh hey its good news for anyone with a wheelchair or stroller-bound friends or family - reddit might help people find out. Lesson learned - link past the intro when trying to get info out to an audience only hungry for what? Information not entertainment - os that better reddiquette - like I said I'm new to this Haha yeah I guess since the dreaded intro was in the middle that is also true lol! Yes!  I met a dude with one today - they look like big balloons and it cruises!  But they are very expensive unless you literally live at the beach like i do that wouldn't make sense for most disability budgets.  The ability to rent those at beaches without access mats would be nice though! Totally.  Thankfully it really comes down to infrastructure. They moved from outhouses plumbing (who can blame them) but don't have sufficient infrastructure resulting in CONTINUOUS spillage.  We can complain and rightfully look angrily  up river as we've done for a long time... or we could just do the world at large a favor and build one plant on our side to keep everyone healthy.  In the end its not a border problem it's an everyone problem and we're in a position to fix it 😃 your life story aside, people like succinct videos. Videos are already pushing it when the attention span of the internet is already limited to gifs and 30 second clips. Adding a 50 second intro? Immediately gonna close it tbh.  Totally makes sense!  Thanks for the helpful feedback short videos are much easier anyway lol You are disturbingly friendly. Your intro is sort of long for youtube. Intro should be like 8 seconds I think. It is cool showing your family, but for normal subscribers they may not want to watch it if it is longer. And they will already know about your family from previous videos. Hey, you are learning so no problem :)

Cool info to know about IB, thanks for sharing. It was a good video though! Haha I'll take that!  As i said I'm new to reddit.  I think i may have been tending this like one would a subreddit rather than dumping it and leaving.  No worries so long as I'm leaving people better than i found them I'm happy  Super good feedback thank you!  I'm only just beginning to take youtube seriously - i have hope that it's a way i can contribute value despite my disabilities and constructive criticism helps me get better  