Hit with complaint, luxury bus operator (Leap) puts back wheelchair ramp  Well, fuck. What are we going to complain about now? PR idea: invite that guy out from New York to take a ride on the new Leap bus with the wheelchair ramp.   [deleted] This is BS. This is another form of private transportation. It just happens to be a bus, not a car. Leap isn't replacing Muni, it's just another transportation option.

Why isn't UBER, Lyft, or Sidecar required to have wheelchair accessible cars?

Edit: my bad language / swear word PR idea: Invite that guy out from New York to ride Muni during core commuting hours... for comparison.  You mean other than the fact that all muni buses raise and lower and have systems designed to assist onboarding and offboarding?  It's bullshit that public outcry caused a private company to amend it's questionable behavior?  Seems like functioning capitalism.  Hey, I'm that guy from New York. I'll be back in SF in a month and looking forward to trying out Leap. If it is accessible, it will be interesting to see what the extra fare buys in terms of creature comforts, and speed. I used to live in SF/Oakland for 7 years so I'll definitely be comparing in my head. [deleted] Those systems often break down and leave people in wheelchairs stranded at stops. I don't fully understand how this is different from those Pedicabs at Fisherman's Wharf, or those double decker tour buses. It's just another form of private transportation. 

Instead of downvoting me, can someone explain why Leap is required to have certain requirements from other private transportation companies? Awesome. I'll be interested in a followup to hear about your experience. One of my best friends became a quadriplegic a few years ago from a motorcycle accident, so this is an issue about which I am passionate. 


Keep us posted!  http://www.sfmta.com/getting-around/accessibility/access-munis-historic-streetcars

Well than it looks like it's all set than. Seems pretty much up to ADA compliance to me.. I don't know about the tourist buses and pedicabs, but Uber has already been under pressure for it's failings with the ADA. [Uber recently failed to get the service animal case thrown out of court after arguing that it wasn't subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act for a variety of reasons, including that it isn't a transportation company.] (http://www.bizjournals.com/sanfrancisco/blog/2015/04/uber-lyft-blind-disabled-scribd-leap-lawsuits.html?) Hello, I am the person who filed the complaint and a former SF/Oakland resident. The ADA (http://www.ada.gov/pubs/adastatute08.htm) requires transport companies and non transport companies who engage in transportation to have accessible vehicles if they are of a certain size and they "affect commerce". Demand responsive (like Chariot) must be accessible if they use 8 person vans or larger. Fixed-route (like Leap) fall under the ADA if they use 16 person buses or bigger. Both Chariot and Leap, from my understanding, have vehicles that exceed that their respective threshold.

Pedicabs are therefore exempt due to size. Tour buses? I am not sure. Uber, Lyft, Sidecar? Also not sure. Regulated taxis are encouraged (not sure if they are forced) to have a certain number of accessible cabs and certain number of accessible fares, but the new guys are like the wild west. We'll see if and how government regs will address them in the future.

Hope this helps! I am not sure they were 'required'.  Someone filed a complaint and there was public backlash so they proactively decided to change.

I can’t speak to the specific industries the ADA is applied, it certainly would have made an interesting legal decision, one way or the other.
 The double decker bus companies have buses that are wheelchair accessible on the first floor. As for Uber, Lyft, and Sidecar, the Department of Justice has filed a brief in a case about Uber not allowing blind customers' guide dogs arguing that they should have to comply with ADA requirements. Presumably that would apply to having wheelchair accessible cars as well. 

http://www.therecorder.com/id=1202713347594/Justice-Department-Quibbles-With-Ubers-Defense-in-Discrimination-Suit
 I'm not a lawyer, but I think a concept with ADA is "reasonable accommodation."   

Its not so reasonable for a pedicab to accommodate a wheelchair.  Busses that already had wheelchair equipment, which was then removed -- yup, I think its reasonable that they should accommodate wheelchairs. [deleted] Thank you for the response, I appreciate the thorough explanation and citation! http://www.sfmta.com/getting-around/accessibility/access-muni-metro

Seems a bit more than your anecdotal 1 and 8. [deleted] Aren't those just street level stops that can be made accessible by using the on board lifts and lowering steps? [deleted] Hey, I'm the guy from NYC, and yes, former SFMTA engineer. I agree, Muni is far from perfect when it comes to accessibility. And if you've ever been to NY, you know the subway is even worse (we'll have 100 stations accessible by 2020 out of 468, if all the elevators are working). The sad thing with Leap though is that they spent money to redesign their buses interior and in the process made them inaccessible, when all they had to do was keep the wheelchair securement area intact and make minor repairs to the ramp (it is a low floor bus).

NYC and SF have to spend millions of tax dollars to get their 100 year old systems up to code. They're both aiming to fulfill their "key station" requirement by 2020 (I think SF is already done) but that will still leave gaps in what stops are accessible, especially along the light rail routes in SF. Those gaps in service piss me off, trust me, but unless the taxpayers are willing to pay for more elevators and ramps (or we can come up with an innovative cheap and reliable solution), those gaps will remain, and be legal under the "key station" requirement. I am doing the best I can to advocate for more.

So to your original question, why the different standard: NYC and SF, among others, have a "key station" requirement that paces the upgrades of stations to keep costs reasonable. A new service, such as Leap, and others like them, the law (http://www.ada.gov/pubs/adastatute08.htm) requires that new vehicles be accessible from the get go. I would imagine the spirit of the law would frown upon accessibility being removed from used vehicles as well.

Hope this helps, and feel free to ask anything else. [deleted] The issue as I understand it is the Muni metro underground platforms. Those require a high floor train for level boarding. The problem is that when the trains go to the street, they no longer have high floor platforms at every stop, hence the stairs lowering and scattered wheelchair ramps.

For all the trains to be low floor (near level boarding on the street), Muni would need to lower every underground platform, at great expense.

Bottom line, either raise all the street stops and stick with high floor trains, or lower all the underground ones and get low floor trains like Portland and Boston have. 