Our wonderful police force  Do you know why people call out asshats for calling Obama a "nazi" or comparing him to Hitler? Because it belittles the actual suffering that those who experienced the Holocaust went thru.

Calling this racist abuse (~~tipping the motorized wheels off the ground~~ shoving, possibly in reflex to foot runover.) is the same sort of bull shit.  It insults all those who have actually suffered real abuse.  Its a shame that the person who posted to the blog is too small or shortsighted to see that, and instead sees an opportunity to forward their own agenda or characterizations.    I see at least one other person in cuffs on the scene in that video which leads me to believe this guy was involved in street dealing.

When the police tell you not to move, DON'T FUCKING MOVE.

Tipping his wheelchair a little bit when he continued to roll around after being told to stop is not a big deal. If he had been able-bodied he would have been thrown to the ground and pinned.

 I don't know if it rises to the level of excessive use of force, but that sure looks like some unprofessional, disrespectful behavior from the officer. He makes two or three attempts to shove him off the curb, which could have dumped the guy out of his wheelchair into the street.

 Who downvoted this? Are you fucking retarded? /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut  I agree with you about the misuse of the racism call, but the cop is doing more than just tipping the wheels off the ground. He's physically trying to shove the guy, face first, off the curb and in to the pavement. He's lucky the other guy intervened, because that fall could definitely kill someone who is a) strapped in and b) disabled and unable to catch himself.  Seriously, just because one person is being detained you think anyone else who happens to be in the area must be a dealer? That's pretty fucked. 

Also, did it not occur to you that he's "rolling around" because he's trying to turn around and leave after being told to? It takes some space to maneuver the chair. Yeah, he shouldn't have gone over in the first place, but you don't go straight from telling him to leave to physically trying to throw him face first off the curb and in to the street.  No arrest were made because no crimes were committed, asshole.  You're an idiot.  Did you read the comments? "No crimes had been committed, no arrests were made, yet this officer still tried to throw a wheelchair bound man into the street face first according to Delacruz." Also, the officer's justification for trying to tip him was that he ran over his foot, but "If you look at the video, he doesn’t jump or react in a way that a person (would) who just had their foot ran over. He said that when he realized he was being filmed. He tried to flip him because he didn’t like my cousin confronting him about slamming my other cousin on his head.  He didn’t like the truth being told to him, so he tried to flip him out of the chair.  That’s what the conversation he and the cop were having prior to the cop grabbing his chair.” > looks like some unprofessional, disrespectful behavior from the officer.

Exactly, that's the most of it.  Unfortunately, LE attracts a lot of narcissists due to its nature.  I've dealt with asshat officers with nothing better to do myself, but making an issue of it unless it went somewhere is wasting everyones time in this case.  Indeed they are. thanks for pointing that out. I generally only check the "new posts page" and had forgotten to look at the actual video. (was having issues viewing video with my phone at the office yesterday) 
It does look more than "tipping" which I had misinterpreted it to be (only saw the stills and the descriptions). You are correct, the officer got lucky.  Now that I can actually view the vid, it does appear to be a reflexive shove.  While, it may not have been the correct response when dealing with handicapped, its not shaking the chair over the curb laughing at their distress either.  
Ideally the officer who shoved the chair would have had the patience/control to not be so reflexive, but I also don't know how long the officer in question was on shift either he could have been running on coffee and fumes during this instance. A lack of arrest does not necessarily indicate a lack of a crime.

Just because they decided not to charge him with obstruction of justice doesn't mean he wasn't guilty of it. You think the cop is going to arrest himself on site?  I'm sure he read the comments, and found them as laughably biased as I did. Do you believe everything you read on the internet? I just can't find it in my heart to give a damn about people who get in trouble with the police.

If you like getting tax refunds and government benefits, shut the fuck up and acquiesce to the arm of the state when it tells you what to do. Agreed. Different people have different shit going on in their heads at any given time. It's easy to just yell out that the pigs are oppressing everyone at every opportunity and that's not always the case. Still, they should be trained and drilled hard to keep calm and professional in scenarios like this. When you have the power to kill someone with your authority, the intensity of your job training and the scrutiny with which candidates are screened should probably be a bit closer to nuclear facility technician than to fast food drive-thru clerk.  The same could be said about you then, right? Is that the society you want to live in, where everyone should just fucking assume that if you happen to be standing around that you're up to no good? Why the fuck do you even live in this country? The second video makes it even more obvious that the guy in the wheelchair was intentionally interfering with police business.

http://youtu.be/6mxFNtcmEAA Nah, we should pretty much never blindly listen or acquiesce to the government.  That only emboldens it.  There should be an internal struggle against every government action upon us.  It's an adversarial system, and without resistance we have already lost. 
Of course carrying this thought out with police is likely to get you injured or arrested, so I stick to bitching and moaning on the internet. Watch the second video. He goes up and starts messing with the police while they're cuffing/questioning someone else. Sure, if everyone did it. But then you'd have some people resisting who need benefits from the government to subsidize their existence, and you'd have other people resisting who do the work to provide those benefits. Society would likely be a shitshow, with people from the former group causing chaos by stealing as a result of not having their existence subsidized by the people in the latter group resisting through not paying taxes.

I'll admit, it would be interesting to watch. I watched it. I see him roll up to them, but I don't see him "start messing with" them. Granted, it's a really stupid thing to do, but I'm sure the proper procedure isn't to try to injure or kill someone who wanders in to the area where an arrest is being made. 

People approach and yell at the police all the time while they're doing their job. They should be able to deal with it without assaulting people. 