Report says SF taxis suffering greatly  The drivers who lied to us about the credit card machine being broken, the drivers who refused to take us to the Sunset, the drivers who arrived at a random time 2 hours after we called, will look up and say "Save us!"   And we'll look down, and whisper "No." Oh no, I hope the drivers don't turn into grumpy old men with lousy service because of this. They failed to innovate, kept supply low, and didn't give a crap about customer service.  

 Good Riddance. I tried to get a taxi to my place in Ocean View from downtown, the guy told me no. So I responded I'll take a Lyft then, as I slammed the door on him I hear "wait wait wait". Go fuck yourself To the dozens of taxis that sped off once they heard we lived in the Richmond, to the guy who flipped out and ran red lights and dropped us off at the tenderloin PD then tried to have us arrested at 2am because we asked to go to the Richmond and of course all the 45 minute waits that just magically never arrived....Goood riddance!

http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/small-violin.gif I'm trying hard to sympathize, but my feelings are going off-shift and don't have time to make it out to that emotion, and what makes it even worse is that my give-a-damn-ometer is broken, too. I don't know what you're talking about?  All of the cab drivers seem to be doing fine now that they're Lyft/Uber/Sidecar drivers. The cab drivers of SF might have to resort to picking up minorities or put a stop to their illegal practice of refusing passengers rides if they want to go to faraway/bad neighborhoods if they want to keep up. You reap what you sow. Free market is alive and well  Fucking good. I had to get to a doctor's appointment a few months ago and called a cab because I didn't have an Uber account then. My appointment was at 4:00. I called the cab at 3:00 thinking they would show up around 3:30 and that would give me a 15 minute cushion. Welp, I had to cancel the doctor appointment because the cab didn't show up. Then I called the cab company and canceled the ride. Then, I'm sitting in my house at 4fucking30 that day and there's a fucking car beeping outside my house. The beeping was so intermittent that I knew it wasn't a car alarm going off, so I looked outside and guess what I see? THE FUCKING CAB I CALLED ABOUT 1 & 1/2 HOURS AGO. 

Now, I know that it is not the cab driver's fault that he showed up 1 & 1/2 hours late. He gets his instructions from the dispatcher. However, the fact that he sat outside my house and beeped his horn for 10 FUCKING MINUTES, instead of walking up and ringing the bell after 2 minutes drives me insane, but that's a whole other thing. 

Uber is a game changer. The Cab Companies can't keep complaining that they are being treated unfairly, they need to adapt. 
 Well, if they want to compete they should innovate. 

I just can't get my head around penalizing Uber when they came up with a much better solution that people want to use.  [deleted] [deleted] Has anyone tried Flywheel? Its an app designed like Uber and Lyft but for  cab drivers. I did a couple times and my experience was pretty good, I would say comparable to Uber and Lyft. 

Of course I don't have enough data for this to be statistically significant. But I think any cab driver can join here in SF.
 They still don't seem to get it that the tremendous amount of regulation is itself a large part of the problem.

We don't want artificial limits on the number of cabs on the street, or ridiculously expensive medallions that prevent drivers from going into business for themselves, or government-set and obscenely high pricing so no company has any reason to compete with each other.

It's roughly the same issue with food trucks or selling at farmer's markets. People want to be able to go into business for themselves and we're increasingly realizing that most government regulation just keeps prices high and protects those already in the industry along with providing the government with a large revenue stream. Good As a cyclist, I get incredibly nervous when I see a yellow cab. I give them a wide berth, because more often than not they drive in a way communicates that they are in a hurry and they are not paying attention. 

I saw one about a quarter mile downhill on my commute this morning. I was moving fast. I'm 6'4", 200lbs, blonde, and on a purple bike. You CANNOT miss me. 

Seeing the cab, I prepared for the worst. Had I not hopped the yellow line into the bikelane on the other side, this shitheads illegal u turn would have put me in the hospital (if I made it that far).

Fuck the cabs.  Taxi *companies* are suffering greatly -- the drivers are probably doing OK.  With just about every cab I've been in recently, the driver has 3+ cellphones with the apps open for Uber/Lyft/Sidecar/Flywheel. I have noticed it's now pretty damn easy to get a cab. The supply now is closer to what is needed to make a hail off the street system work. Sometimes you do want to hail a cab. Now you can get one. Thanks.  It's not fair to squarely blame the taxi companies. They are heavily regulated by the SFMTA; they are just doing whatever the SFMTA tells them (or allows them) to do (except for the bad driving and not showing up part). 

If the MTA had a system in place to monitor the quality of the taxis and the drivers, we may not have reached this situation. But the MTA cares only about collecting money, so screw the general public.

Now, if we could somehow get rid of the MUNI monopoly, that would be awesome.  Did you know that until about 1950, there were several private companies running buses/trains in SF, competing against each other on service?  Every time I see someone get into a cab, I say a little prayer for them. I'm not even religious. Boohoo it's like VHS companies complaining that DVD is taking their sales.  The first paragraph of this article makes my blood boil. No, we don't need to "level the playing field" for taxis. Leveling the playing field generally means screwing the consumer in some way so that a shitty, old, poorly-run company can compete with a newer, more innovative one. Innovate and adapt, or die, but don't fuck with my option to use an actually good service to fulfill a need I have.  Awesome news! [Good.](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-G84uzvuoXdQ/UlR4gOqQrEI/AAAAAAAAABY/Ztgvfxhzi18/s288/grumpy-cat-hates-easter-good-dogs-1366980895.jpg) awwww that sucks...lol [deleted] So they should, I hope they all suffer greatly.

It is almost impossible to get a cab to the Sunset, if you do the driver usually tries to rip you off by taking the longest route (I'm sorry but Cow Hollow is not between Downtown and the Sunset) and then the whole "credit card machine is broken" BS.

I want to see the cab companies broken, they had their monopoly which they used to screw the consumer and now they don't. They have done their best to screw drivers, I hope the drivers all switch to Uber,Lyft, etc. > "It's time for [the] MTA as a regulator to really review the regulations and make sure our regulations have been thoroughly reviewed and that they still make sense," 

But who's going to review the review??? ### GOOD. Rekt Capitalism. good :-) Good. Hooray, the handicapped can't get rides anymore! Cannot upvote enough.

Don't forget the drivers who never showed up, the dispatchers that were rude to us.  The drivers who shortchanged us, the drivers who came on to us (females,) the drivers who went on racist rants and the drivers whose cabs smelled so bad you had to hold your nose. "Crush your enemies. See them driven before you. Hear the lamentations of their women." This. Growing up my family lived in the Presidio and more than once we had taxis arranged to take us to the airport that just never showed up. I have also had multiple drivers try to get me to let them drop me off outside the presidio and walk the rest of the way myself. I think you or someone else said this before, and I upvoted it.

And I'm upvoting it again.  My SF cab experience pre-Uber/Lyft was horrendous from top to bottom. Exactly! Fuck them. How can I feel sorry for a mafia of cab drivers that denied me rides to the outer richmond. Not even that outer... 25th and geary. I could never get a ride on a friday or saturday night. If they showed up it was always 30-60 min late. I started using Uber out of necessity and out of anger. I will never take a cab again San Francisco no matter what. They felt they could treat us like shit because they had a monopoly on private transportation. Well, now they can go fuck themselves. I'll stick to Muni or Uber/Lyft.  I'll be honest, I never had an especially bad time with a taxi before, but given how overwhelming the opinion seems to be, I think I will agree with this. And the drivers who stopped at a traffic signal to pick up/let off people, preventing all the cars behind from going through!  I fucking hate that! Can't you just pull up to the side after the light and **then** do your thing? NOOoooO! 

And the drivers who stop by bike lanes and let off people (who, unknowingly, step right in front of the coming bicyclists). I once slammed into an opening door while riding my bike; that sucker hurt like crazy for a week. What about the drivers who showed up on time, took you out to the sunset, and happily accepted your card? Exactly. My response to this headline is "Good! Fuck em!" All those drivers have already switched to lyft and uber. God forbid if that happens, what vehicle based transport service would we possibly use if that happens. I have said this over and over.  Industries don't have a right to exist just because they have for decades past.   The good drivers can just join Lyft and make more money anyway. They'll just be held accountable for quality now. That and the ride sharers are illegally avoiding taxi regulations, saving millions they can put towards other uses. /r/justiceporn! They tried to get you arrested for going to the richmond? How...does that make sense? can you elaborate on that "tried to have us arrested" story? that sounds entertaining  Things that never happen.txt They seem to have a better attitude now too, probably because they get more sleep. Don't taxi drivers usually take out loans to buy taxi medallions? I'd probably be mad that invested in a medallion only to become a Lyft driver. *UBER: Because it's like it's 2014 or something and nobody has time for that other shit.* This! What really irritates me is not so much that they can't pick someone up when called. What gets me is the fact that they SAY they'll show up and then don't. If they can't pick you up, why can't they just say no? As much as I get annoyed when they yell "NO" or hang up on me, at least I know they are not coming and I can begin to make other plans.

But no, they say, "sure we'll be there in 15 minutes." Then you call in 30 minutes, asking where they are, and they say "5 more minutes." Then never show. By now, it's too late for me to find another mode of transportation. [removed] #**Attention**:
This thread has been targeted by a *possible* downvote brigade from *[/r/Shitstatistssay](http://np.reddit.com/r/Shitstatistssay/comments/2gpbcq/answer_to_my_question_im_just_letting_you_know/)*^submission ^linked

**Their title:**

* *Answer to my question: "I'm just letting you know you're an idiot, and you're wrong."*

**Members of *[/r/Shitstatistssay](http://np.reddit.com/r/Shitstatistssay/comments/2gpbcq/answer_to_my_question_im_just_letting_you_know/)* active in this thread:**^updated ^every ^5 ^minutes ^for ^12 ^hours

 

* [/u/Andrea845](http://np.reddit.com/u/Andrea845)

-----
 ^★ *^When ^people ^first ^begin ^to ^question ^the ^existing ^order, ^conspiracy ^theories ^offer ^a ^simple ^explanation. ^As ^Frank ^Spotnitz, ^a ^writer ^for ^the ^X-Files, ^explained, ^conspiracy ^theories ^offer ^“a ^magic ^key ^that ^fits ^all ^the ^pieces ^together.” ^For ^most ^people, ^things ^don’t ^seem ^to ^be ^working ^properly ^in ^society. ^And ^yet ^we ^have ^all ^been ^told ^our ^entire ^lives ^that ^this ^system ^works. ^--Josh ^Lucker* ^★

 [^|bot ^twitter ^feed|](https://twitter.com/bot_redd) Yes, the taxis offer "wheelchair accessibility." Of course, this implies that the taxi won't drive off as soon as they see that the passenger is in a wheelchair. 

One of my friends, who was temporarily in a wheelchair few years back, could not get a cab. Thinking it was her wheel chair, she then had a friend had hail one for her. She had 5 cabs in a row drive off after stopping and seeing the cab was for her. There are PLENTY of the paratransit service, but what you don't know is SF paratransit  is actually an ADA requirement for people who can't use regular public transit, and is not meant as a service to compete with taxis and car services. 

OTOH SFParatransit also sells discounted taxi vouchers to seniors, which basically pays like 75% of the ride, in addition to group shuttles for senior homes.  This. 

Back before a uber offered UberX, I would often try to use Taxi Magic to save money. I would often have 10+ taxis accept my fare and then cancel after several minutes of waiting.  I use Flywheel and Uber interchangeably. 

I think the accountability of tracking the taxis interactively, and rating each interaction, and tipping/paying outside the vehicle (where the driver can't pressure you or bullshit you about not having change or a not taking credit cards, etc) is the real difference maker. They applied the Uber model to the existing taxi system, and it works. 

Basically, cabs used to be totally unaccountable for not showing up, taking crazy routes to charge you more, not taking your payment, demanding tips, and playing all kinds of games; now they have to be accountable. I use flywheel sometimes because of the free credits - but once we got a bad driver who wanted to take someone else with us in the taxi because it was on the way, and charge both of us a full fare which of course turned into a big argument. 
We reported it to flywheel and he got removed from their system, but he is still out there driving his taxi (at least not on Flywheel). Flywheel helps a bit with the accountability.  It makes it easier to hail a cab but then you're still just...  Riding in a taxi.  It's more expensive, they drive like maniacs and are still prone to playing clever tricks when they can.  They still  pick someone random off the street for a cash fare after they commit to picking people up.  I had a driver with Flywheel purposely change the reader after I got out of the car and charge me $15 more on a $6 ride, like I wouldn't notice or something because it's on my credit card.  They said they removed him from the system, but who knows.  I prefer Sidecar to Uber and Lyft, no surge pricing, no "cars unavailable", and the app is better than all of them IMO.  
 Still more expensive and you have to tip It's not that "we don't need". It's more like the medallion system grew out of history and it had worked for decades and was the best system of its time. (which may have past) They really do drive like they stole the vehicle. It's nuts.  > I'm 6'4", 200lbs, blonde, and on a purple bike. You CANNOT miss me.
  

I can't? Well, *helloooo*, handsome. It is fair to blame the cab companies.

They have done their best to screw their drivers and then the customers.

You seem to be a fan of open markets... The cab companies have been providing a substandard product while the owners made millions by fucking drivers over, that came down on the consumer.

My advice to any cab driver... Get a car that Uber/Lyft will accept and throw down the shackles of the rip-off cab company owners.  Won't someone think of the poor tourists? We should put out signs explaining Uber/Lyft and how to use them. These people are 8-track at best. >Improve pricing

They've gotta pay off those medallions somehow right? The credit card machine is illegally broken, but the tax evasion machine is working fine! The taxi companies are the ones who lobbied for all the regulation in the first place so they could protect themselves by creating a high barrier to entry. Now they're pissed that someone said "fuck those regulations" and is actually competing and winning the public's support. Queue the tiny violin. Out of curiosity, do you play League of Legends? I've only seen "rekt" on the in-game chat there. Shouldn't it be easier for handicapped people to get cab rides since so few of the cabs are occupied driving non-handicapped people around? Like any cab driver didn't speed off before as soon as they saw the passenger was handicapped.  http://www.reddit.com/r/sanfrancisco/comments/2gl5wf/report_says_sf_taxis_suffering_greatly/ckkdbjr +1 on racist rants. Listened to a Cambodian driver rant about Thai people for the entirety of the SF->Berkeley cab ride... And it was $50 + tip too. (SF->Berkeley w/ UberX is around $30-35). The drivers who talked on their cell phones for the entire ride... The drivers who illicitly cut in front of a bunch of cyclists in a protected lane... I've had plenty of stinky Uber drivers, fwiw. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIQfIj-RLyw I've spent up to an hour trying to flag down a cab from Polk to the Presidio...awful. You may be right, it wasn't me but it's always possible I got the idea from somebody else.  This is a pretty popular subject in /r/sanfrancisco I've been kicked out of a cab because he decided he didn't want to go all the way out to the Zoo.  They fucking suck. Did they show up on a unicorn? I'd like to let you know I have a very successful business selling pointy rocks and sticks.

edit: That's not a fair comparison. Rocks and sticks don't lie to your face. I had a guy say I swiped my card too soon so it broke the machine and it wouldn't work until the next day. WTF? Even if that were true (which I highly doubt it is), it sounds like a shitty ass credit card machine. Hey guys I think I found the taxi company shill! TNC's are 100% legal in California since September of 2013: http://www.forbes.com/sites/tomiogeron/2013/09/19/california-becomes-first-state-to-regulate-ridesharing-services-lyft-sidecar-uberx/

They are not illegally avoiding any regulations at this time (hence why they are allowed to continue operating). It was hilarious, we get into the cab, tell him our destination and then he tells us to basically get the F out (cabs are always at the end of their shift when ever we mention the Richmond).

We're already driving by this time so he tells us he's stopping at market, to get rid of us instead and we argue for a bit, during this time he starts freaking out saying we are robbing him or some insane thing, he starts driving like 60 through red lights saying he's taking us to the PD.

He stops at the TL PD and gets out, there was an officer outside who just arrived by chance, he hears the drivers story and tell him to leave and drop the issue, so he does, but at this point we're at the station already, so we had to call an Uber or something. It was the craziest taxi story I have. See below! Because you may have legitimate economic opposition and valid arguments as to the unfairness of what is happening doesn't mean this story didn't happen. [deleted] Probably because they have more flexibility and freedom now that they don't have to put up with their exploitive and shitty taxi companies. Majority of medallions are owned by big companies, drivers either lease them or just drive them for hourly pay. The medallions are $250k apiece. With the number of medallions being fixed, even if you wanted to pick one up and make your own awesome new cab service, you're likely to be SOL, because DeSoto, Yellow, etc. already had dibs on most of them. [Take a look at who owns most of the medallions](http://www.sfmta.com/services/taxi-industry/medallions/medallion-holders).

In New York, it's not uncommon for medallions to be resold at $750k+, with a few even topping the million dollar mark. Perhaps.  But nobody owes them a repayment of that loan, just as the people in the buggy industry, who had taken loans when the car industry took off, had to file for bankruptcy. Same thing just euphemistically said.  There is nothing "irregular" about ridesharing, so any alleged attempt at "regulating" it, is going to implicitly mean someone gets penalized.

Edit: [/u/mentalstate is just a bully](http://www.reddit.com/r/sanfrancisco/comments/2gl5wf/report_says_sf_taxis_suffering_greatly/ckl37c4?context=2). I took a glance through the slideshow attached to the article, which was a terrible powerpoint (no surprise here) and they were claiming that TNC needed regulations to match taxis because for taxis "all customers are required to be served. All neighborhoods in SF required to be served".

Which leads me to wonder if you can report a cab for refusing service once they've stopped for you and you tell them where you're going.  I would argue that it was always a terrible system. The number of cabs on the street shouldn't be regulated by the government nor should those permits be issued for astoundingly high fees. It's a great example of one of the things that the market should dictate and where someone should easily be able to go into business for themselves.

The area for regulation there falls into other areas that are much harder for a consumer to evaluate, like having accurate meters and any charges for those requirements should be kept low and reasonable. I see it on Reddit all the time I do. FTA:

> Transportation network companies, unlike cabs, are not required to accommodate wheelchairs. Total wheelchair pickups by wheelchair-accessible taxis dropped from 1,378 per month in March 2013 to 768 per month this past July because it was difficult to get drivers to commit to the program that takes more time and money.

> "The ramp taxi program is just a vulnerable program in the taxi program overall because it costs more to operate, maintain and it costs more in gas for the drivers," Toran said. "It takes more time to do wheelchair securement, so it's kind of the first to go." Cool, speculation and an anecdote. You guys are such rigorous thinkers. ...or the drivers that asked "how much?" and then charge you whatever they feel like on their Square card reader and don't give you a receipt >_< Oh yes, a whole bevy of bad driving behaviors.  Cutting people off constantly, drifting between lanes, speeding, failure to come to a full stop at a stop sign, blocking bike lanes, entrances, stopping in traffic when there is space to pull over... I had one pass a bus on the right through an intersection by driving in the bike lane. Called him in.  I've had plenty of Uber drivers and can't say any of them were very stinky, except maybe with cologne. I don't tell them where I'm going until I'm already inside the cab. Never had an issue.  I've been kicked out of a cab for taking too SHORT of a trip. Trying to go from the caltrain by the balpark to civic center. For me, they showed up in a cab.

I'm just trying to point out that you're celebrating the suffering of all cab drivers to spite the behavior of some of them. Hardly. I just think that ride sharers shouldn't be allowed to operate in their own special regulatory environment when they are obviously taxi services.  "well then officer, I would like to citizens arrest this taxi driver for reckless driving, and communicating a threat because I feared for my life" I find it hard to believe a cabbie is going to try to get you arressed for asking to go to the Richmond. There's clearly more to this story. I don't know. Most of the time, it doesn't seem forced politeness. I've met more talkative pleasant drivers. Or they're so good at it that it's indistinguishable from actually behaving like that.

EDIT: Talking about Uber/Lyft here. Yep.  The state of taxi medallions is a textbook case of regulatory capture. That's a great source. Good evidence against the "what about the poor driver who took out a loan to pay for his medallion" argument. There's only 4 entities that have less than 5 medallions. I could not care less if the big companies with fistfuls of licenses get screwed, they've been screwing the public for decades. Thanks for the info. I thought they were held by individuals but was mistaken. [removed] Once you close that door and start the meter, they're obligated to take you to your destination. But that doesn't stop drivers from saying their shift is over or that "they're only going downtown".  The permits themselves are not worth much. SFMTA charges about $2000 per month for each medallion. it's due to the rarity (i.e. no more will be issued) that the prices keep going up. And it's no longer that rare. An article in SF Weekly not long ago stated that the big taxi companies have each returned dozens of medallions to SFMTA, as they can't afford to keep so many taxis on the road. 

As for "someone should easily be able to go into business for themselves", do you seriously get into a strangers car if you don't know that stranger is vetted by SOMEBODY? (with Lyft and Uber, it'd be the other riders, and initially by the companies themselves. With Taxi, it'd be SFPD and the taxi commission, and there *is* a test, however symbolic that may be)

 Cool--just wondering if you picked up that word from somewhere else. I main Teemo ftw. But you made me go and read the whole thing instead of commenting blindly! It seems like the drop in ramp trips could just as easily be explained by people in wheelchairs not taking cabs either. It seems like wheelchair ramps are not a high priority for the taxi industry at all anyways, even absent any competition from uber or lyft. Your comment was speculation, so complaining about speculative responses strikes me as somewhat odd.

Oh wait, I forgot about the invisible link in your comment to actual numbers or survey rates about wheelchair users! Is this really a thing? And honking at other drivers for not running over people crossing the street I actually got a photo of a taxi driver doing this on Folsom and reported it to SFMTA.  Someone reached out to me, told me that since I was able to provide the licence and vehicle #, they will review the driver dash-cam footage and issue a citation if found to be guilty (which he was). They've asked me through the window sometimes even before they let me in :\ That's really dumb The problem is the vast majority are horrible. And it's probably only gotten worse as the better ones go off to uber and lyft etc. I rode in taxis in SF for years before uber was on the scene and it was uniformly horrible. Maybe 10% were OK? Dirty cabs, dirty drivers. They can do everything their competition does. Instead of compete, they try to stifle it. They're shitty business people and too lazy to stay relevant. Fuck em.  Well now the good ones are free to go drive for Uber/Lyft and reap the benefits of their good behavior with good user reviews. So it's just coincidence that you are pro-taxi and this story is unbelievable? You're like my cousin who's an economic conservative and therefore a registered Republican, and "happens" to also agree humans have nothing to do with climate change. [deleted] In SF they are owned by individuals and leased to companies who then lease them again to drivers. In NY the companies can purchase medallion directly. >No, there's nothing irregular about ridesharing. There's an informal rideshare stop by my apartment. But when you have a multi-million dollar funded middle man involved, that's when it becomes 'irregular'. 

I don't see any explanation here that supports your belief that a business being properly funded makes the business "irregular".  This is just an assertion with no facts or reasoning to back it up.

Forgive me for my skepticism but I need a bit more than just an assertion before I start believing what you said.

>Penalizing != regulating,

Sorry, I don't accept this claim.

Here is what you can do to change my mind.  Calmly answer the following question without resorting to insults or manipulation.

How do you implement regulation *without* penalizing people who disobey?

> and it's scary that you think so.

"Scary" is not an argument.  How you feel about an idea is irrelevant -- the question at hand is whether the idea is correct or incorrect.

Yes, I do think at the moment that all regulation implies penalizing.  That's not just something that occurred to me yesterday -- I have thought about this matter extensively,and I arrived at that conclusion by thinking.

Telling people that my conclusion is "scary" or proper of a "fucking idiot" is not going to change my mind. That behavior actually makes me (and others, probably) think you can't argue a simple point without stooping to the dishonesty of bullying.

*Answering my simple question satisfactorily*, on the other hand, might.  So I await your answer to my question. >As for "someone should easily be able to go into business for themselves", do you seriously get into a strangers car if you don't know that stranger is vetted by SOMEBODY?

I'm inclined to say that the market will decide this. I'm not particularly paranoid to be honest so it's not really a big concern. And when people are, well, Sidecar, Lyft, and Uber all solved the problem on their own without the government. That's the sort of thing that I'd expect to happen in that situation, but, if you want to live a bit more dangerously and take a chance to save some cash the option would be there.


As for medallions it's really a classic case of an artificial limitation being imposed that doesn't actually help anyone. The only beneficiaries were the taxi companies who kept competitors out of the market and required drivers to be yoked to them or have no option to drive their own cab. Even the $2,000 monthly fee is pretty onerous. It precludes the option that the ridesharing companies offer where you can drive part-time. Otherwise you're needing to cover that $2k monthly tax either through more riders or (assuming you had the option) higher prices to be certain it's covered. And to what end? To keep cabs off the street? If we need more they will be serving the market, if we have too many they'll go out of business or fail to make enough money to make it a worthwhile pursuit. Regulating both upper-limit supply and pricing for a private business really isn't something that the government ought to be involved in. And taking Uber/Lyft who are not required to accommodate them? The [report itself](https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/1301955/sfmta-hearing.pdf) said that wheelchair ramp medallions are being turned in but didn't say at what rate.

I just think that the TNCs should be required to follow similar regulations as taxis in terms of insurance and providing service to disabled passengers. There is also the [highly publicized case of Uber drivers refusing service to blind passengers with service dogs.](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2014/09/10/uber-sued-for-allegedly-refusing-rides-to-the-blind-and-putting-a-dog-in-the-trunk/)

It is easy for them to provide service for their self-selecting group of passengers while not following decades of taxi regulation. At the moment, it seems that companies like Uber are just skimming off the most affluent and least troublesome customers from taxis, leaving them with the rest. I think their business would look far different if actually confronted with all the problems and accommodations that taxis have to deal with. Or, IDK, you could read the other replies I left. It happened to me in SF unfortunately. I called the guy out and he didn't seem to care or be apologetic at all :/ Oh, I think you posted it a couple of days ago here.  Glad to hear. The entire point though, is that customers shouldn't be required to report this. The behavior of taxis should be a liability to the medallion holder, but it's not.  He listed a few things, I'm curious which one you nabbed a photo of him doing.  I'm not pro-taxi, I'm anti-bullshit. This story, like many people complaining about taxi drivers, reeks of self serving bullshit that leaves out or exaggerates facts. Yeah, I mean, no pressure or anything. I'm going to 5/5 the guy unless he does something absolutely bizarre, anyway. [removed] But the medallion system *is* shared. The medallion owner drives the minimum required to keep the medallion, and the rest of the time, it's leased to the taxi company so other drivers can drive in other shifts using that authority. 

I agree that the taxi system is overdue to an overhaul. The "gate" system ($100+ per shift) and "driver pays for fuel" means taxis no longer roam the streets looking for fares, esp. when they don't know if it's going to be a short fare or long fare. They'd rather stick to downtown or hotspots rather than pick up call-in orders. The high price of gas doesn't help either. Hybrids haven't helped the cabbie either, as the company has a hybrid surcharge, where they claim they are splitting the savings between the company and the driver. 

Taxi system can work, but it needs a radical revision of the existing structure. A good start would be the "gate" includes a half-tank or a fixed amount, whichever is more, IMHO.  Decades of taxi regulation haven't prevented cabs from refusing rides to handicapped passengers, people of color, and illegally refusing rides under so many other circumstances . . . I've witnessed it all so many times. I imagine that in the vast majority of cases Uber/Lyft drivers would be way more accommodating to people with disabilities, as they are held accountable for their actions. >The report itself[1] said that wheelchair ramp medallions are being turned in but didn't say at what rate.

Anecdote

>dropped from 1,378 per month in March 2013 to 768 per month this past July because it was difficult to get drivers to commit to the program

Sure seems like 768 people got rides in July, not "handicapped can't get rides anymore!" EDIT: Also assumes that the reduction in rides isn't from more taxi drivers driving off once they see a wheelchair, doesn't it.

There's no accountability in the current system, so the statistics aren't going to be that useful since the taxi drivers could easily just not pick up ANY wheelchairs for a month on purpose. That wasn't me :)  That post motivated me to do the same. >  I'm just letting you know you're an idiot, and you're wrong.

Ah.  I see.  I think different things from you, and you can't answer simple questions about your thoughts, therefore *obviously* I'm an idiot and I'm wrong.

Welp, so I seem to have crossed paths with a brave Internet bully on a mission to unload his pent-up rage on strangers.   Bye. > . I imagine that in the vast majority of cases Uber/Lyft drivers would be way more accommodating to people with disabilities, as they are held accountable for their actions.

Based on what, exactly? That they're getting sued for refusing to service people with disabilities or because there's no regulation requiring them to do it? A report by the MTA talking about trends in taxi medallions is an anecdote? ooookaaaay....

Oh, so some handicapped users can still get rides. So let's continue to advocate replacing the existing industry with companies that have no requirements to provide services to the disabled. No use examining trends until it's already too late, I suppose. You can't have it both ways, if the regulations imposed on the cab companies worked so well and the ride sharing services were not accommodating people with disabilities, then there wouldn't be a drop in wheelchair pickups for the cab companies. If the cab companies just let all the drivers opt-out of the program which causes there to be less opportunities for people in chairs to get cabs, then the program doesn't work in the first place. 

Another explanation for the drop in cab chair pickups is that many people in chairs can get into unmodified passenger cars just fine with an accommodating driver who will put their chair in the trunk. These people may be switching over to Uber and Lyft since cabs are notorious for refusing to pick up people in chairs and they are more likely to get an accommodating driver through a ride-share (as the ride-sharing drivers are capable of losing their jobs for misconduct or providing bad customer service). It seems more likely to me that people are just finding other ways to get to their destination. Okay, let's just continue the current broken system that doesn't properly serve wheelchairs, or the Sunset or the Richmond, just because they said some ramp medallions got turned in but provided no data on rates.

An anecdote in an official report is still an anecdote. Except that Uber is specifically being sued for not accommodating blind passengers. If the regulated taxi programs are not working the solution is not to replace it with an entirely unrelated system and hope for the best while ignoring reports of problems with it.

Like I said, TNCs are working with a self-selecting group now and are likelying not dealing with the same volume of disabled or low income people as cabs. You're basing whether the industry "doesn't properly serve wheelchairs" on a Reddit comment of some guy saying that some other guy he knows in a wheelchair got left on a curb one time. Despite also quoting official figures talking about wheelchair infrastructure for taxis. And advocating replacing it with a system that has no infrastructure to serve wheelchair users at all, and using that taxis don't properly serve wheelchairs as a justification for that. Which would be a valid point if the ride sharing services were being hired to replace the cab services, but they aren't, they are just providing them with honest competition. The cab companies are still around, they are just getting less business than they did before and losing some drivers. For the record I'm all for imposing ADA compliance for the ride-sharing services. 

Also FWIW I lived in a low-income, out of the way neighborhood for years and try getting a cab to either pick you up or drop you off deep in the bayview; good luck. People in those neighborhoods with smartphones are taking Lyft, people without them are basically stuck. Uh I didn't advocate that at all, go fight straw men on your own.
 Its not "honest competition" if they are providing the same service but not beholden to the same rules and regulations as their competition, that's my point. These companies are able to provide better service specifically because they are not following existing law. I think that's what the SFMTA means by "level the playing field." http://i.imgur.com/seh6p.gif That's true, I think enforcement of ADA as well as insurance standards are going to hit the ride-sharing services sooner rather than later. That said, I don't think that's gonna change much in the ways of cab companies losing business to the ride shares, at the end of the day most people elect to use the ride share services over taking cabs because of their vastly superior treatment of their customers and their functioning dispatch systems.

The article makes it seem like the lack of wheelchair ramps and differences in insurance are the reason the ride-share companies are taking so much business from the cab companies, but I think it's more about them providing actual competition in a space that was monopolized for so long. https://i.imgur.com/seh6p.jpg I don't think that's what the article was implying -- just that with cab companies losing riders is resulting in cutbacks all around. Not something the Uber/Lyft riders are going to feel, but a problem for someone relying on ADA services or without a smartphone.

I think once TNCs start having to fully comply with insurance and ADA regulations, as well as whatever other regulations they've been ignoring, they may find it more difficult to keep as many drivers on the road and keep their rates as low as they are, which would pretty significantly disrupt their competitive edge. A rigorous thinker *and* creative! These services aren't getting the edge because they are cheaper though; they aren't really. When you take surge pricing into effect most people probably end up spending the same or more on ride sharing services than they would on cabs. 

Their competitive edge has to do with their customer service/ease of use. If the cab companies really want to blunt the competitive edge they will have to invest heavily in rebuilding their dispatch service to something that works and picks up people even during busy times or in bad parts of town, create customer service departments where they will actually hear out their customers' feedback and take it into consideration, and retrain their drivers to stop driving recklessly, breaking laws, discriminating amongst their passengers, and generally start treating their customers like customers. Basically they have to learn to stop operating like a monopoly if they wish to become competitive. Thanks! The fact that Uber and Lyft aren't following laws has nothing to do with their competitive edge? Come on, they built their companies by basically ignoring the need for commercial drivers to have commercial auto insurance and waited until they'd grown exponentially and were getting sued over it to finally acknowledge that. Oh, sorry, do you have that disability where you can't tell obvious sarcasm? That was insensitive of me. I just think that's a smaller part of the big picture. Sure, it makes it easier for them to not require commercial insurance, but really the real thing they were exploiting was the medallion system creating a monopoly. They exploited a loophole and now that there is widespread customer satisfaction it seems unlikely that the MTA will crack down and force everyone to ride cabs again. A lot of the regulations in place are remains of a bygone era and having innovators provide competition is going to make the City and the SFMTA re-think the rules for everyone. 

I'd be surprised to see a scenario where all ride sharing services are banned out right or a scenario where all the cabs are gone. It's probably going to end up with some sort of scenario where the regulations that make sense are enforced for everyone and the ones that aren't making sense get eliminated. That said, if the playing field were truly leveled out and the price of the services were equal, I think many users would probably still choose the ride-sharing services because they show up and are incentivized to treat their passengers with dignity. Nope. I don't know how we can just set aside that they were not willing to provide insurance as a huge competitive advantage. It's like if an existing bakery pays a fair wage and I open one next door and ignore existing minimum wage laws and everyone hails what a wonderful job I've done because I have more workers for faster service and can keep prices lower. Well, of course, I'm breaking the law.

The answer for a company that disagrees with existing regulations should not be to simply ignore them or start conducting business until someone notices that you're not following the law. Somehow by the time anyone noticed these companies had gathered enough political clout to enable them to actually fight efforts to just have them follow the law. They still don't have such stringent background checks as taxis (and I have had an Uber driver actually admit to a prior DUI) and they fought hard in the legislature to make sure that didn't happen. Uber's practices are unethical and dangerous but nobody cares because it's easier to get a ride. Oh well some guy on Reddit told me you did so I just assumed it was true. Well as I keep pointing out, their main advantage isn't being able to offer lower prices, it's about customer service. So even as these loopholes get closed up and things like more insurance cause the ride sharing services to raise their prices, even if they end up being more expensive than taxis, they will still likely retain a strong customer base. 

As it stands I feel way safer riding in and around lesser-insured uber cars which will lose their job for driving dangerously vs. riding in or sharing the road with a well-insured cab driver who drives recklessly and causes accidents with impunity. As long as we're sharing personal anecdotes, I've been in more than one cab where the driver was noticeably intoxicated and have also been hit by a taxi as a pedestrian.

 Also as far as political clout goes, the cab companies have the ride sharing companies beat. the taxi industry has spent $3,500 on lobbying for every $1 the ride sharing companies have spent:

http://sunlightfoundation.com/blog/2014/07/31/will-big-taxis-massive-political-spending-advantage-leave-ride-sharing-groups-stranded/ Neat. Causing accidents with impunity? There are at least as many accidents involving Uber or Lyft drivers as taxis. Uber is still fighting the family of the little girl killed on New Year's Day claiming they are not liable for the collision, even though they would be under their policies adopted after.

You don't think a cabbie could lose his license if he caused an accident? You don't think he could get fired? One reason taxis are regulated by the city is to give the city the ability to revoke their ability to drive a taxi at any time. 

You feel safer now because it's a limited audience using this product. If it was open to a wider population you might find that you want stronger regulations and see more problems with it -- kind of like taxis. And yet they still managed to defeat a bill in the legislature that would require them to have the same background checks as taxis. Probably shouldn't believe every stupid story we read in Reddit comments, right? >There are at least as many accidents involving Uber or Lyft drivers as taxis.

I'd be interested to see the data you've found that backs up this statistic. I was hit by a cab who ran a stop sign, the driver did NOT lose his job. if you win a court battle against some who spends 3500 times as much as you in court, odds are you've got a pretty good case. The show explores the lives of a group of people who fought on the losing side of a civil war and others who now make a living on the outskirts of society, as part of the pioneer culture that exists on the fringes of their star system. In this future, the only two surviving superpowers, the United States and China, fused to form the central federal government, called the Alliance, resulting in the fusion of the two cultures.  I'd be interested to see the data you've found that backs up the opposite. So what is the case for Uber and Lyft drivers not having to pass as strict background checks as taxi drivers? What is the argument they should not take drug tests? What is the argument that people convicted of credit card fraud should be allowed to be TNC drivers but not taxi drivers? I mean, even if we believed one story that some Reddit commenter left, we shouldn't really extrapolate that to, say, an entire industry. Because that would just be lazy and show a complete lack of critical thinking. So you're just making up claims and the burden is on someone else to prove that those claims aren't true? That's a fun game.  I agree with you here, these loopholes should be closed. When all is said and done it will become more expensive for the ride sharing services to operate. That said, I suspect they will still do well and have lots of customers, even when the prices rise.

Look, I've got no skin in this game, I don't profit from the cab service or the ride sharing industry, but there's clearly a level of dissatisfaction with the taxis in this city that is going to drive some of their business elsewhere if customers have another option.  Dahala Khagrabari #51 is completely encircled by the Bangladeshi village of Upanchowki Bhajni, 110, itself contained in the Indian village of Balapara Khagrabari, itself contained in the Rangpur Division, Bangladesh. Thus Dahala Khagrabari is the enclave of an enclave of an enclave. In practice, it is a parcel of land used for farming and is not actually inhabited. It is separated by a few meters of Bangladeshi land from its first-order Indian enclave. Kind of like characterizing taxi drivers as reckless vs. Uber drivers as conscientious? I'm not saying there isn't dissatisfaction with taxis -- I read Reddit enough to know that people unanimously on this board hate them. Personally, I have never encountered much of the horror stories that people have with cabs. But it's outrageous to me that companies like Uber are hailed as the future of transportation when they have some despicable business practices but if you point that out you just get shit on. And I mean, it would be really dumb and lazy to respond to someone addressing a point from a linked article that you hadn't read. And if your response just linked another comment with the story by some Reddit commenter but didn't really address what the article said at all, that would be pretty stupid, wouldn't it? There's a difference between someone expressing an opinion the form of a generalization, like "cab drivers drive recklessly" and someone making up a statistic and touting it as fact. And I don't by any means think Uber drivers are inherently safer or more conscientious, they just have an incentive to behave that way because their jobs depend on customer satisfaction. I think at the end of the day the cabs and cab companies just don't draw a lot of sympathy because many people have personally had very bad experiences with them. 

If a new ISP came around and took advantage of a loophole that let them skirt regulations and provide a way better service than Comcast, even if they were operating unfairly I don't think that many people would bemoan Comcast's plight because so many felt mistreated by them while they had the monopoly. Nucleation in boiling can occur in the bulk liquid if the pressure is reduced so that the liquid becomes superheated with respect to the pressure-dependent boiling point. More often, nucleation occurs on the heating surface, at nucleation sites. Typically, nucleation sites are tiny crevices where free gas-liquid surface is maintained or spots on the heating surface with lower wetting properties. Substantial superheating of a liquid can be achieved after the liquid is de-gassed and if the heating surfaces are clean, smooth and made of materials well wetted by the liquid. Well, if we're generalizing I'll say in my experience cab drivers tend to actually know the roads and Uber drivers have no idea how to get around. Anyway, I'm not making it up, but I don't have a link to prove it or anything. Something I've observed following local news very closely. There are a lot of accidents involving Uber and Lyft drivers. I don't think these people are trained particularly well. "Well, your business practices are unethical, you flagrantly break the law, refuse to take responsibility when your employees kill people and discriminate against the handicapped but you pick me up faster so yay!" And then if you tried to backtrack and lie about what you were advocating when called out on how dumb that sounds, that would just be absurd, wouldn't it? You're not making it up, but there's no evidence, it's what's called confirmation bias. people make all those same claims about the cab companies, but it gets topped off with a bad customer experience. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ In 1634, Charles made a secret treaty with Philip IV of Spain to assist him against the Dutch. To raise funds for this assistance William Noy, the Attorney-General, suggested that a further resort should be had to ship money. Noy set himself to investigate such ancient legal learning as was in existence in support of the demand, and unearthed old records of ship money in the Tower of London; some historians, such as Hallam, have seen Noy's investigations as evidence that before Charles' levying of ship money the tax had been disused and forgotten for centuries. I'm sorry but I don't have time right now to dig up news reports on traffic collisions for the last six months or so. You can believe me or not, it doesn't really matter. But I threw it back because of your broad generalizations about the way drivers behave. IDK, I doubt the cab companies would balk at paying insurance if the driver ran down a 6-year-old girl. Do yourself a favor and don't comment on complicated issues that you're not willing to read about in the future, OK? The sliotar can be caught in the hand and carried for not more than four steps, struck in the air, or struck on the ground with the hurley. It can be kicked or slapped with an open hand (the hand pass) for short-range passing. A player who wants to carry the ball for more than four steps has to bounce or balance the sliotar on the end of the stick and the ball can only be handled twice while in his possession. If you don't wade into topics you don't understand, you won't be left posting random text in some desperate effort to get the last word despite being completely over your head. Just a piece of advice. The suggestion is that the King's minister, Cardinal Richelieu, had arranged for a substitute, probably an illegitimate son or grandson of Henry IV, to become intimate with the queen, and father an heir. At the time, the heir presumptive was Louis XIII's brother Gaston d'Orléans, who was also Richelieu's enemy. If Gaston became King, Richelieu would quite likely have lost both his job as minister and his life, so it was in his interests to thwart Gaston's ambitions. Louis XIII also hated Gaston and might thus have agreed to the scheme, and the queen would have had the same interest as Gaston would have removed her from any influence.

Supposedly the father then left for the Americas, but in the 1660s returned to France with the aim of extorting money for keeping his secret and was promptly imprisoned. This theory would explain both the secrecy surrounding the prisoner whose true identity would have destroyed the legitimacy of Louis XIV had it been revealed. It also explains, because of the King's respect for his own father, his comfortable imprisonment and that he was not simply killed.

This theory was first postulated by British politician Hugh Cecil (1st Baron Quickswood). He said this idea has no historical basis and is hypothetical, but it is better than any of the other theories. Williamson held that to say it is a guess with no solid historical basis is merely to say that it is like every other theory on the matter although it makes more sense than any of the other theories; there is no known evidence that is incompatible with it, even the age of the prisoner which Cecil had considered a weak point; and it explains every aspect of the mystery. What's really funny is you'll waste time reading all that to give me some nonsense response but didn't bother reading the damn article you're commenting on in the first place. Stubbornness at its finest. When launched in 1957, Lenin was powered by three OK-150 reactors.

In February 1965, there was a loss-of-coolant accident. After being shut down for refueling, the coolant was removed from the number two reactor before the spent fuel had been removed. As a result, some of the fuel elements melted and deformed inside the reactor. This was discovered when the spent elements were being unloaded for storage and disposal. 124 fuel assemblies (about 60% of the total) were stuck in the reactor core. It was decided to remove the fuel, control grid, and control rods as a unit for disposal; they were placed in a special cask, solidified, stored for two years, and dumped in Tsivolki Bay (near the Novaya Zemlya archipelago) in 1967.

The second accident was a cooling system leak which occurred in 1967, shortly after refueling. Finding the leak required breaking through the concrete and metal biological shield with sledgehammers. Once the leak was found, it became apparent that the sledgehammer damage could not be repaired; subsequently, all three reactors were removed, and replaced by two OK-900 reactors. This was completed in early 1970.

Details of these accidents were not widely available until after the fall of the Soviet Union. On April 10th 1974 the vessel was awarded the Order of Lenin. So desperate.  So sad. The state of Assam is the world's largest tea-growing region, lying on either side of the Brahmaputra River, and bordering Bangladesh and Burma (Myanmar). This part of India experiences high precipitation; during the monsoon period, as much as 10 to 12 inches (250–300 mm) of rain per day. The daytime temperature rises to about 103F (40 °C), creating greenhouse-like conditions of extreme humidity and heat. This tropical climate contributes to Assam's unique malty taste, a feature for which this tea is well known. I'm sorry you are so sad and desperate for attention that you'll keep this up. In 1964, French president Charles de Gaulle decided to construct a space-travel base in French Guiana. It was intended to replace the Sahara base in Algeria and stimulate economic growth in French Guiana. The department was considered particularly suitable for the purpose because it is near the equator and has extensive access to the ocean as a buffer zone. The Guiana Space Centre, located a short distance along the coast from Kourou, has grown considerably since the initial launches of the "Véronique" rockets. It is now part of the European space industry and has had commercial success with such launches as the Ariane 4 and Ariane 5. You sad, stupid little man. The Spanish explorer Francisco de Orellana, the 16th century explorer who was the first European to traverse the Amazon River, reported densely populated regions running hundreds of kilometers along the river, suggesting population levels exceeding even those of today. These populations left no lasting monuments, possibly because they used local wood as their construction material, which would have rotted in the humid climate (stone was unavailable).

While it is possible Orellana may have exaggerated the level of development among the Amazonians, their semi-nomadic descendants have the odd distinction among tribal indigenous societies of a hereditary, yet landless, aristocracy, a historical anomaly for a society without a sedentary, agrarian culture. This suggests they once were more settled and agrarian but became nomadic after the demographic collapse of the 16th and 17th century, due to European-introduced diseases, while still maintaining certain traditions. You really just have no one to talk to, do you? Projection was conceptualised by Freud in his letters to Wilhelm Fliess, and further refined by Karl Abraham and Anna Freud. Freud considered that in projection thoughts, motivations, desires, and feelings that cannot be accepted as one's own are dealt with by being placed in the outside world and attributed to someone else. What the ego repudiates is split off and placed in another. Too bad your lack of social skills prevent you from having a decent conversation, even in the cozy anonymity of the Internet. The fruit is a smooth berry, resembling a miniature, spherical, yellow tomato. Removed from its bladder-like calyx, it is about the size of a marble, about 1–2 cm in diameter. Like a tomato, it contains numerous small seeds. It is bright yellow to orange in color, and it is sweet when ripe, with a characteristic, mildly tart flavor, making it ideal for snacks, pies, or jams. It is relished in salads and fruit salads, sometimes combined with avocado. Also, because of the fruit's decorative appearance, it is popular in restaurants as an exotic garnish for desserts. Why are you this sad? With the exception of benthic habitats directly beneath marine farms, most mariculture causes minimal destruction to habitats. However, the destruction of mangrove forests from the farming of shrimps is of concern. Globally, shrimp farming activity is a small contributor to the destruction of mangrove forests; however, locally it can be devastating. Mangrove forests provide rich matrices which support a great deal of biodiversity – predominately juvenile fish and crustaceans.
Furthermore, they act as buffering systems whereby they reduce coastal erosion, and improve water quality for in situ animals by processing material and ‘filtering’ sediments. For pointers on how to handle online interactions like a reasonable person, see my replies to other people in this thread. Jura is also known for an event that took place on 23 August 1994, when Bill Drummond and Jimmy Cauty, known then as the music group The KLF, filmed themselves burning £1 million in banknotes in the Ardfin boathouse on the south coast of the island. Or, you know, you could just keep behaving like an anti-social tool. I guess that's more your style. Later, in Scandinavian folklore, trolls became beings in their own right, where they live far from human habitation, are not Christianized, and are considered dangerous to human beings. Depending on the region from which accounts of trolls stem, their appearance varies greatly; trolls may be ugly and slow-witted or look and behave exactly like human beings, with no particularly grotesque characteristic about them. Too bad you can't think of anything of your own to say. Yellowstone National Park spans an area of 3,468.4 square miles (8,983 km2), comprising lakes, canyons, rivers and mountain ranges. Yellowstone Lake is one of the largest high-altitude lakes in North America and is centered over the Yellowstone Caldera, the largest supervolcano on the continent. The caldera is considered an active volcano. It has erupted with tremendous force several times in the last two million years. Half of the world's geothermal features are in Yellowstone, fueled by this ongoing volcanism. Lava flows and rocks from volcanic eruptions cover most of the land area of Yellowstone. From the get go, all you can do is link to someone else's comments. Try thinking for yourself. Many sea cucumbers are mobile deposit or suspension feeders, using their buccal podia to actively capture food and then stuffing the particles individually into their buccal cavities. Others ingest large quantities of sediment, absorb the organic matter and pass the indigestible mineral particles through their guts. In this way they disturb and process large volumes of substrate, often leaving characteristic ridges of sediment on the seabed. Some sea cucumbers live infaunally in burrows, anterior-end down and anus on the surface, swallowing sediment and passing it through their gut. Other burrowers live anterior-end up and wait for detritus to fall into the entrances of the burrows or rake in debris from the surface nearby with their buccal podia. Try thinking for yourself. While Verdun would bite deep in the national consciousness of France for generations, the Somme would have the same effect on generations of Britons. The battle is best remembered for its first day, 1 July 1916, on which the British suffered 57,420 casualties, including 19,240 dead—the bloodiest day in the history of the British Army to this day.

As terrible as the battle was for the British Empire troops who suffered there, it naturally affected the other nationalities as well. One German officer, General D. Swaha, famously described it as "the muddy grave of the German field army." Too bad you don't actually want to talk about taxis and instead just want to find strangers on the Internet so you can make a nuisance of yourself. Sarbi went missing after a joint Australian, American and Afghan vehicle convoy was ambushed by insurgents on 2 September 2008 during the Battle of Khaz Oruzgan. Sarbi reportedly disappeared 'in the heat of battle' and was said by a Defence spokesperson to have vanished when a rocket exploded near her during the ambush. The ambush in which Sarbi went missing was the same action in which SAS Trooper Mark Donaldson became the first recipient of the Victoria Cross for Australia, the first VC awarded to an Australian since 1969. Sarbi was declared MIA in September 2008, and while missing, the Special Operations Task Group had made repeated attempts to find out what had become of her.

Sarbi was rediscovered by an American soldier in north-eastern Oruzgan province, when he noticed Sarbi accompanying a local man. The soldier, only identified as 'John', was aware that the Australian forces were missing a dog, and determined through the use of voice commands that Sarbi was indeed a trained military dog. After being flown back to her Australian base in Tarin Kowt, handlers confirmed the dog was Sarbi. Worthless troll. Goodbye, troll. I have work to do. Find someone else to pester. In Norwegian tradition, similar tales may be told about the larger trolls and the Huldrefolk ("hidden-folk") yet a distinction is made between the two. The use of the word *trow* in Orkney and Shetland, to mean beings which are very like the Huldrefolk in Norway may suggest a common origin for the terms. The word *troll* may have been used by pagan Norse settlers in Orkney and Shetland as a collective term for supernatural beings who should be respected and avoided rather than worshiped. *Troll* could later have become specialized as a description of the larger, more menacing Jötunn-kind whereas *Huldrefolk* may have developed as the general term applied to smaller trolls. On the day of his triumph, the general wore a crown of laurel and the all-purple, gold-embroidered triumphal toga picta ("painted" toga), regalia that identified him as near-divine or near-kingly. He rode in a four-horse chariot through the streets of Rome in unarmed procession with his army, captives and the spoils of his war. At Jupiter's temple on the Capitoline Hill he offered sacrifice and the tokens of his victory to the god. Thereafter he had the right to be described as vir triumphalis ("man of triumph", later known as triumphator) for the rest of his life. After death, he was represented at his own funeral, and those of his later descendants, by a hired actor who wore his mask (imago) and toga picta. 