Wheelchair-friendly sightseeing/touristy places I have my great aunt and uncle coming into town and would like to show them around. Does anyone know any good places to take them for a bit of sightseeing that are wheelchair-friendly? Thanks! The rose garden is the first place that comes to my mind. My son is in a wheelchair, so I'll share some of our favorites.

Mt. Hamilton and Lick Observatory. Great view on a clear day.

Downtown San Jose is very accesible. Tech Museum is good. My son loves being rolled through the fountains at Cesar Chavez park; your mileage may vary depending how childlike your family is. I rather enjoy it on a really hot day. Rose Garden only has a few concrete paths to the fountain; if you want to get among most of the roses, it is tougher going through the grass. I'll second the Rosicrucian Museum.

Santa Cruz wharf. Some of the nearby beaches have beach wheelchairs you can use. Capitola is pretty good also.

Most everything in San Francisco, avoiding the hills, of course. Walk along the Embarcadero, Bay cruises, walk over the Golden Gate Bridge, Academy of Science, DeYoung, MOMA, Palace of Fine Arts, Crissy Field.

Anywhere along the Bay Trail is good for views of the Bay. We like to birdwatch at Palo Alto and plane watch at Coyote Point.

Hope that helps.
 Winchester mystery house is not accessible but the gardens are (and free!) 


The Rosicrucian museum is fully accessible. (If they're into ancient Egypt, it's the largest collection in the western US)


Santana row is pretty run-of-the-mill upscale shopping, but it is accessible. 
 San Jose Museum of Art (corner of W. San Fernando & Market).

Computer History Museum in Mtn View (http://www.computerhistory.org/). This is museum can't realistically be absorbed in one visit (I've work with computers for 30 years and saw stuff I'd never heard of).

The San Jose Stage (http://thestage.org/). Saw Reefer Madness and thought it was well done. That particular show might be ending, though. When buying tickets tell them ahead of time you need wheelchair seating.

San Pedro Square is a possible dining/people-watching spot. Other posters have mentioned downtown SJ in general.

I haven't been to the Quilt Museum (http://www.sjquiltmuseum.org/) but from the street it appears accessible.

MACLA (http://www.yelp.com/biz/macla-movimiento-de-arte-y-cultura-latino-americana-san-jose) is small but the price was right when I went last week (free).

Cal State San Jose has a nice campus and most of it is flat. Nice to look at some of the architecture. Parts of it are under renovation near 4th St., though.

Stanford's campus is huge, very interesting architecture, and much of it is accessible. Just might be too much effort to see even a fraction of there is to see. Consider driving around the campus first and then park in the visitor center lot and head to select things you found interesting while driving around.

If I come up with anything more, I'll return and edit. Have you thought about the Egyptian Museum?
http://www.egyptianmuseum.org/egyptianmuseum Thanks everyone. Keep em coming if you have any more ideas :D 