LF a puppy for an afternoon to cheer up dying mom Hey All,

My mother has been amazing so far and has been fighting cancer for a large portion of her life. She's always been positive, a gentle and positive force in our lives. She's fought off breast cancer twice, and a brain tumor once already this year. Unfortunately, that same brain tumor has returned and is untreatable.

However the last few days she's been really down and out. Her body has begun weakening to the point she can't really do anything by herself. She lays in bed most of the day, aside from one 'walk' a day where we take her out on the wheelchair.

We were hoping a kind soul out there would be able to bring their puppy and visit us. I know this would cheer my mom up! 

We are willing to compensate you financially for your troubles.

TL:DR
Mom has fought off cancer 3x, but can't fight the 4th time and is depressed
would love someone to come with a puppy and cheer her up. 
Financial compensation can be arranged.

PM me please.

Thanks!

 I have a maltese/shitzu mix that i am willing to bring over to help your mom. she was recently helping a family friend with the loss of her husband this past year. it really brightened her days while she had her. she's very sweet and loves attention. i would be willing to bring her to you if you would like.  feel free to private message me and i can give you my phone number. You can try this org, or go directly to Humane Society of Silicon Valley who let people meet and play with the puppies in their rooms.

http://www.furryfriends.org I don't have a puppy. I just wanted to say, I'm sorry about your Mom's illness.  I don't have a puppy (and my rowdy 2 year old pup probably wouldn't be too good) but there is a rescue organization, NARF, that always has puppies. Maybe you could talk to them and they could arrange something?

http://www.narfrescue.org/

I wish you the best for the remaining time you have with your mother. If you think she'd like a visit from some kittens I will bring her some kittens to cheer her up, I volunteer 1x a week at a cat rescue.  Plus they could use the socialization so it would be win win. 

Don't have access to puppies though, sorry.  

lmk if she wants a visit from kittens :)  PM'd you. We can bring ted over, here is some pics on instagram..
https://instagram.com/teddybearwinston_doodle/ That is awesome.  You are awesome.  Thanks for your sympathies =) What's the cat rescue you work at? aww thank you for the great offer, but she's allergic to cat hair =[ I do what I can to help :) [Nine Lives](http://www.yelp.com/biz/nine-lives-foundation-redwood-city) in Redwood City.  It's a great organization and they do a lot of good work.   Alright.  If I can think of anyone else with a puppy I'll refer em to this thread. 

Wishing you and your mom the best.   I know them :) I rescued a couple kittens from the storm last year and took them to Dr. Rudiger. She's the best.

They're on my iGive and amazon prime, and I've donated a lot of supplies to them. Thanks, I appreciate the effort! Very cool!  We're having a [hot rods for cool cats](http://www.ninelivesfoundation.org/#!hot-rods-cool-cats/cbfs) (lame name but fun event) coming up in a few weeks!  You should come.  It's dinner and dancing to live music in a hot-rod warehouse with a silent auction.  Kinda a retro feel but a fun night to get all dressed up with a date.   I know! I keep getting invites for it but always have something else come up. I'll try come to the shelter soon to visit. 