Why do people in bus prefer to stand and leave seats empty while in lightrail, nobody prefers to stand and all seats are occupied? I have observed that in buses, people don't prefer sitting next to anyone and would rather stand ( unless it's a pretty girl). On the other hand, in the link lightrail, people never leave any seats empty and would tolerate sitting next to other people. Whats up with this? I stand when I'm travelling a short distance, be it bus or light rail, just so it's easier for me to hop out.

If I'm going somewhere that's going to take at least half an hour of travel time, then I just find a seat and relax. My observation is the opposite. People take just about every single seat on the bus; however, on the light rail I'm always seeing empty seats.

It makes perfect sense as well. Light rail is smooth and the stops are generally predictable whereas standing on the bus while the driver whips around corners and randomly slams on the brakes every so often make that a little more of a challenge.
 Besides the seats potentially being dirty, some people really don't mind standing and you never know when a couple of wheelchairs (folks ij wheelchairs are already sitting but their spots take up a couple of seats for handicapped/elderly folks who will need other seats further back), a class of preschoolers and  a group of elderly folks are going to get on and need to sit. Some people don't have stand up desks/workstations and may even prefer to stand after 6 hours in a chair or long flight. We humans are strange creatures  I have wide shoulders, sitting next to most people in a bus seat is not comfortable. A lot of times I will choose to stand even when there are single seats open. It's not just on buses for me though. Maybe just confirmation bias? I take both bus and light rail often, and I haven't seen much difference. 

Personally, if I'm standing when there's a seat available, it's because either (a) I'm getting off pretty soon or (b) all available seats are next to someone repulsive. E.g., I will go out of my way not to sit next to anyone who smells like an ash tray or who apparently hasn't showered since 1992. Nasty seats, smelly people, easier to get off bus, and step away from a stabbing I don't have this same observation at all. Could be any number of things - that we ride different routes, that you don't ride frequently so you just saw this on a single day, that we ride at different times, etc. You probably think that's a Milk Dud on your bus seat.

You're wrong. I personally always stand in both, it's terribly disgusting and then all my clothes are instantly dirty. If I stand, I just have to wash my hands after, and not my jeans/jacket. 

I haven't noticed the difference between trains and buses. Perhaps bus trips are shorter, so people would rather stand? While some people stand in front of the door when they shouldn't plenty of people actually do stand in front of the door when their stop is up next on the light rail which makes things go more smoothly. Is it really *that* dirty on public transportation?The oy puic transit I've taken in over 25 years is the ferry a d they are fine... "all my clothes are instantly dirty"

*rolls eyes* What do you do when you fart?  This is actually one of my pet peeves. I've found that things go more smoothly when everyone exits the rear of the bus, leaving the front open to immediately load new passengers, with an exception, of course for passengers with reduced mobility.    No, it's not really that dirty. But some people have OCD or other anxiety issues and no public place could ever really be clean enough to satisfy their phobias or anxieties. 

I'm a generally pretty clean person, but I don't feel compelled to wash my hands or clothes after taking  public transit. Life is too short for that level of cleanliness obsession, imo (unless you have an immune disorder or are on chemo or something). Isn't it clear? He bleaches his anus of course. I was referring to the light rail. On the bus (especially anything that gets crowded like the 8) people stand in front of the door due to lack of options and it slows things down. Good to know. I'm going blind slowly. I imagine I won't be able to drive leagally in the next 10-15 years and I will be relying on public transit more. I totally misread that! But I stand by my assertion that a front-entry, rear-exit bus flow would reduce loading time. :) Well we're fortunate to have a pretty good public transit system around here! Even if you *weren't* going blind, I wouldn't recommend braving the ever-worsening traffic over the ease of taking transit :) 

But seriously, best wishes to you with your vision issues.  It's diabetes related. It's my fault for not taking better care of myself in my 20's and 30's. I'm 44 now and didn't even wear glasses until 2 years ago. Now, I already can't see well at night. I still do not drive at night on familiar roads and it's well lit on the freeway. But, night driving will be the first to go and then all driving . It's just a matter if time. Thanks for your well wishes  