Question re: a parking ticket Hi everyone, 
I just moved back from Portland a couple months ago to the QA area. Yesterday I got a parking ticket but i'm a little confused. 
Here's the comments: 
"Public Comments1: Impound/vehicle blocking
Unmarked crosswalk 
Public Comments2: Blocking South-North
Sidewalkaline path
Public Comments3: Picture taken"

I am pretty sure my car wasn't blocking as I jumped out a few times to check. I did get one other ticket for being in a two hour zone ( I came home sick from work and napped much longer than I thought) but what does the impound thing mean as I have my car? I've never had to deal with street parking (I'm from suburbia Portland) so anyone know?   I think the 'impound' bit meant that your car was tagged to *get* impounded, but they hadn't actually gone through with it yet. 

I hate parking around QA, so damn hard to find a legal spot :-/ What was the RCW stated on your ticket?  There are several RCW's that address parking and crosswalks.  

It sounds like you parked too close to the crosswalk.  There is a 20 foot minimum distance for parking next to a crosswalk.  You probably didn't notice the red paint on the curb.  If you feel you were ticketed without cause, you can contest it.  Take some pictures of the spot that support your claim and they may drop the ticket. Hey, so if you're going to contest the ticket, make sure you mark the 'didn't do it' box rather than 'did do it, want to explain myself' box. My scooter was moved into a crosswalk during Pride so someone could park their car in my spot, and I got a ticket. I marked the latter box (because my scooter was actually in the crosswalk at the time of the ticket). Which was a mistake. Because I marked that box the magistrate couldn't excuse my ticket. He knocked the fine down to $5 but it was still on my record. [deleted] Your car was likely marked for a tow, but you got there first.  And let me just take this opportunity to say, lucky you!  It would have cost you an unholy amount of dinero to go over to the tow yard in North Lake Union to get it back.  I have seen them in my residential neighborhood in Ravenna, on streets where we have no hourly or zone parking, move up and down the streets taking pics of the plates on cars.  When they find one in violation, the little DPT nazi will stand there with the car and wait for the tow truck.  And once they are positioned next to your car, there's little you can do, since they are technically police.  But like sub-police.  Or sub, sub police? Blocking an unmarked crosswalk.. One of my favorite citations.  It means that your car was in the path of the sidewalk and people had to walk around your car to cross the street.  I think it's kind of BS, so I would try and contest or mitigate it(depending on how far in the "crosswalk" you were) > You probably didn't notice the red paint on the curb.

There are unfortunately a *ton* of corners where the red paint simply does not exist. It's been worn off or never applied in the first place. > There is a 20 foot minimum distance for parking next to a crosswalk.

I didn't actually know that.  Thanks for the info :) I don't believe there was any red paint of if there was then I could barely see it.  Dumb question but where would I get this sticker people are talking about? Is it a zone sticker that's just an annual fee?  I'm kind of paranoid. Now I think they have it out for me and will try to impound my car since I moved it. I got a place right in front of my apartment building but they wouldn't just tow it....would they? I don't understand why you're putting scare quotes around "crosswalk". [RCW 46.04.160 makes it clear that "the portion of the roadway between the intersection area and a prolongation or connection of the farthest sidewalk line" is a legal crosswalk](http://apps.leg.wa.gov/RCW/default.aspx?cite=46.04.160).

It would be a real bitch for a wheelchair to use the legal crosswalk if there's a car blocking the corner ramp. I never got the citation you got, but I have had decent experience with mitigation.

Every time the magistrate knocks off 1/2 of the fine for you when you just simply show up. I think it's crap. I jumped out of my car so many times to make sure I wasn't blocking and I wasn't! I even asked a fellow if he thought my car should be okay and he said that he couldn't see a problem with it since he thought it didn't look like it was blocking.  The red paint typically won't be at the intersection, but should be on either side of a crosswalk if it's in the middle of a block. Yep! Well, there's also the paid parking stickers, not sure which one halbergx was talking about. [Here's the link](http://www.seattle.gov/transportation/parking/parkingrpz.htm) to the Seattle parking permit page. It's a two-year permit, and you can also get a visitor permit with yours, which helps if you've got friends that visit. It might be a little bit more than you want to pay, but it's definitely cheaper than repeated tickets. To me "Impound/Vehicle" reads like either an Impound or a Vehicle, so they don't have to carry around two ticket pads. I could be wrong, but that's my $0.02 I would understand if I was blocking the wheelchair ramp.  However, I parked on a block where there were two strips of sidewalk -- one right up against the building, and one along the street with a grassy area in between.  The wheelchair ramp was right on the corner(along the outer sidewalk) and my car was blocking half of the inner sidewalk(with no ramp) Great! Thanks so much. I will check it out.  