Seattleites are highly literate, tourists not so much...  Meh. Accessibility features work best when they're useful for non-disabled people when not being used by the disabled. Curb cuts are useful for bikes and carts, in addition to wheelchairs. Seats that fold up are useful for baggage, strollers, bikes, walkers, and wheelchairs. So long as the baggage is moved if/when a disabled or elderly person gets on, there's no problem. Seattleites don't own luggage? There is also a difference between literate and inconsiderate. It might just be a case of "no fucks given." The buses and trains literally have no where to put luggage. Either you clog the aisle, sit on it, or do this. Putting under the seat is hard because they designed them as a cantilever(diagonal post) rather than a T-shape. That being said, very few public transit systems in the world accommodate luggage well.  Seattleites are also passive-aggressive and fume silently. Did you say something, OP? Plot twist: The luggage in the photo is the OPs. Assuming they are tourists because of bags?   Suck it crips.  on that note I am the only person who ever gets up for old or disabled people when I'm in those seats Well, they do, but like... they, uh, don't use it coming back home. Yeah, that's the ticket. I asked a handful of people at Gas Works on Sunday what the big fence and the large "no trespassing" signs meant to them.    

Evidently they mean "fuck you, pal, it's a nice day and I'm gonna stomp some grass seedlings." And I mean, if there's nobody else on the train that currently needs the handicap seats why on earth wouldn't you use them? The trains have a baggage section maybe three feet past where the wheelchair area is. It's tiny though. Hell no. I left my balls in San Francisco :P Because most considerate people don't sit in them to begin with. If a biker is using that section to hang his bike, then you can't use it for luggage. This conflict is frequent.  Ha!

Don't feel alone, I left mine in Texas two years ago. u wot m8 I left my guns in Louisiana. Does that count? 