Charge: Suspect shoots man in wheelchair during Seattle robbery attempt  Correction: Man in wheelchair shot while trying to buy heroin in public in broad daylight. This guy sounds like he flunked out of Heroin Dealer school.   Isn't actually shooting someone attempted murder? Just a wild guess, but Munkhtulga Tsolmon has probably murdered someone before.  Moonlight, it was 3AM It's getting light early now but not that early.

"Munkhtulga Tsolmon is now charged with attempted first-degree robbery for the incident, which occurred early the morning of May 15.

Police headed to the 200 block of Pine Street about 3:51 a.m. on reports of a shooting. There, they found the 29-year-old man, who suffers from spinal bifida, with a gunshot wound to the back of his left arm, according to the incident report.

The man told police that he met Tsolmon in the 300 block of Pine Street, where he agreed to buy heroin from the defendant, court records say. They headed into an alley north of the 200 block and two of Tsolmon's associates reportedly followed and witnessed the incident.

The alleged victim took out about $150, at which point Tsolmon brandished a revolver, pointed it at him and tried to take the cash.

The victim turned his wheelchair to dodge being shot and tried to roll away, but Tsolmon reportedly fired five times, hitting the man once.

The man rolled himself to the northwest corner of Third Avenue and Pine Street and flagged down help from passers-by, reports say. Medics ultimately arrived and took him to Harborview Medical Center.

Tsolmon and his two associates ran from the scene, Seattle police say.

Surveillance footage that captured portions of the attempted robbery allowed police and a Pike Place security guard to identify the three men involved, according to court records. Tsolmon is allegedly known to commit crimes such as car prowls around Pike Place Market and was caught on security footage May 14 showing a pistol to one of his associates.

A Seattle police officer found Tsolmon May 18 near Third Avenue and Stewart Street and arrested him in connection with the shooting.

Searching his backpack, cops reportedly found a loaded .38 caliber revolver, more ammunition, five empty shell casings and the clothing he allegedly was wearing during the attempted robbery.

Tsolmon remains jailed on $500,000 bail." Lucky for the victim, he flunked out of target practice too. What lovely neighbors we have. [deleted] >Isn't actually shooting someone attempted murder?

Not if you're an undocumented urban camper. I don't think Washington state allows it to be called that. Maybe it's too offensive toward the shooters? I know California calls attempted murder, attempted murder. > Tsolmon reportedly fired five times, hitting the man once.  

Well, he's shown the capacity, but his accuracy makes it questionable...
 https://www.google.com/amp/s/dictionary.cambridge.org/us/amp/english/in-broad-daylight

In the top american common usage sense.

 I was standing at the corner of 4th and Pike and this guy across the street tries to jaywalk, stepping off the curb right in front a motorcycle cop. So the cop stops and starts writing him a ticket. There were two middle-aged couples with thick New York accents commenting on the show and one asked me what the guy did. I told her he was jaywalking and in a pure Edith Bunker voice, she said, "oh my god, what do they do if you murder someone?" I replied, " we ship them off to New York! " Her husband cracked up laughing.  Seattle--- three-quarters of the state would do otherwise I think. Sounds like a DA taking the easy way out to me.  In an alley at 3am on a weekday doesn't exactly fit that definition. Is this a... what day is this? 