Planning failure on Broadway Along the 600 and 700 blocks of Broadway (just north of Madison, across from Swedish) the new bike lane on the east side of the street does not allow building access by people who need wheelchairs and use ACCESS transportation (METRO's wheelchair van transport). 

600 Broadway is a seven story medical office building that now has no safe place to drop off patients; 700 Broadway is a Northwest Kidney Centers dialysis unit that has been there for 40 years, now the kidney center's only access is from the back of the building, through their dialysis museum rather than their newly remodeled front entrance. The city has said that the buildings should use a one block stretch of  Cherry, the street between the buildings for patient drop off but this is insane - that block of Cherry is a steep hill, you can't ask people in wheelchairs to load on a hill, and in any event the lift mechanisms on the Access vans need a level surface to work.

When I heard the City thinks creating a loading zone on Cherry is a solution I realized that the City's planning department did not take into consideration the needs of the people who actually have to use the services in these buildings when they decided to build a bike superpath. The cement is poured, the city has presented this as a fait accompli, so I guess people who use wheelchairs can just suck it. 

I know the people at the kidney center were tracking the project and never saw the twelve foot wide bike lane with its two foot wide barrier curb coming, was this always the plan? Can anyone think of an accommodation that could work at this late date? The city was horrified by the idea that Access vans would block the bike superpath, then people on bikes might have to walk their bikes around the loading zones if they were in use, so the sense I have is the city's response was a collective shrug. Is this a problem up and down the Ave? Is this just progress and people who use wheelchairs will have to find other places to get their dialysis and medical services? I think the location and design of the Broadway bike lane is a planning failure that the city is set to ignore. The cycletrack has been part of the streetcar plans all along (or almost all along) because of the bike crashes that have happened because of the rails for the other trolley between SLU and downtown.

I don't know how the people at these facilities did or did track the project or contact the city about the cycletrack but the planned cycletrack has been in the news for more than two years. http://www.capitolhillseattle.com/2011/04/streetcar-update-broadway-bikeway-will-help-capitol-hill-reclaim-the-street/

    >was this always the plan?

It has been for at least 3 years, possibly more.

Looking at 700 Broadway, it has a large parking lot. Wouldn't that work?

For 600, what about across the street? Thanks for the link. I'm in W Seattle so I haven't been following it all, clearly this has been the plan all along, but  the effect is still significant. There has to be a an accommodation model available.  It might be possible to rejigger the parking structure at 700 Broadway to allow Access van sized vehicles to drive through - the plan shouldn't have them backing up - but that would be a significant expense for the nonprofit kidney center.

I'm not sure about the across the street, as a practical  matter that may be what people will have to do but that's a right turn only lane at Madison so it'd have to be down at the Cherry corner, maybe on Cherry but on the West side of Broadway. That is a lot to ask of a person in a wheelchair trying to get home on a dark January night. You might as well direct people to wait in the Swedish lobby.

Looking at the whole route Access pick up/drop off is going to be difficult all along the cycle track. The only way for a wheelchair to get to the sidewalk will be at the corners but those aren't appropriate drop off areas. 