King County Metro named nation’s top public transportation agency  Every once in a while I see these 'rated best in the nation' things, where my reaction isn't pride but horror that this is as good as it gets out there.  Good for them. 4,700 employees got 122 million passengers where they were going in 2017. That's pretty impressive.  I can confirm it is better than BART.  Meanwhile in Pierce county.... Yet,just across the sound,You have Kitsap Transit.One of,if not the worst transits I've ever had the pleasure of riding.Still no bus service on Sundays.

I'm a Bremerton resident for 30+ years.I'm currently in Kyiv,Ukraine and even here the bus service is far superior to Bremerton/Kitsap Co. As a recent transplant from the midwest - I think this is awesome. I embrace this cities growth and hope our infrastructure can continue to grow and cope with our boom. I bike down to king street station and take the Sounder every 3 days a week and it is great. The buses are pretty good, but to compare it to the T in Boston or the NYC metro seems silly. Those places have trains that don’t have to deal with traffic. I used to be able to take two trains literally from one end of Boston to the other in 35/40 minutes during rush hour. Can we actually get the 40 to actually show up when it’s scheduled? I dig this city's bus system by and large, but one criticism I do have is that the drivers drive like they're training for the Indy 500. I literally got LAUNCHED out of my seat on the 40 going west when the bus hit a bump and I'm a 185 pound man. Maybe the shocks on those seats are so good they don't feel it? TFW when the best transportation agency is on par with many third-world countries. Great achievement though, they're very modern and clean service for US standards. As in like, top of the best? Is this a joke or is our nation's public transit really so bad that king county metro is the *best*? My friend from Georgia came here a few years ago, he said two things. One was that he loved our bus service, and two was "y'all know how to fuckin eat!"

Edit: first meal here was at Zippys burgers maybe they have to pick a different town every year Uh... What? Rated best rolling homeless shelters? 

I know under no uncertain terms that its not for service quality, coverage or speed of trip, and absolutely not for east/west commuting. 

Just go to other cities and ride the Transit, you will find more frequent service, better traffic and therefore faster busses and, I know this sounds crazy... Some cities even use these things called rails. They allow the transportation of massive amounts of people at low cost and without being stuck in traffic.  King County Metro has always done well with what they're given. If it were up to me those folks would run the whole show for Western Wa.  My transportation grips are with Sound Transit, which is an inept organization.  Really... [Archive.org version.](http://web.archive.org/web/20180806230002/https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/transportation/king-county-metro-named-nations-top-public-transportation-agency/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop Then why is my bus late Huh????? Obv didn’t use the stench inside each bus as a metric This sounds like something they would give to themselves. "King County Metro rates #1 in bus crowding." But given the amount of tax dollars they rake in, they better be top at something. Uhhhh why fuck that. nuf said My exact reaction. Same. I'm in a wheelchair and on Sunday I had to bus back home to Auburn and literally every elevator to the southbound side of the bus tunnel was closed. Every single one. I wound up having to bus to Burien and then transfer there. It was a huge pain in the ass and took way longer. The bus also had to pass another lady in a wheelchair because both spots were taken. The same thing happened to me the day before.

Also, people just stand in the wheelchair spot on the train literally every time I ride the train. It's so bad that I don't even try to make people move anymore, I just have to halfway block the door.

I am the opposite of proud when it comes to our transportation system.   NYC and even the entire NE corridor is so much better, people taking this survey be on crack.

Philly and Baltimore aren't great. What would you improve? We're number 1, We're number 1, We're number 1 :( We are the finest turd in the cluster! I've had zero metro complaints through three years. What's happening to you? Don’t have a cow, man. See thats apples and oranges, the BART is better than our light rail, our Metro is better than the SF MUNI.  The MUNI fucking sucks.

That being said I know our light rail is getting better and the MUNI by all accounts still sucks.  I haven't lived there in 5 years so I can't confirm. Heh yep. 10 min late with no delay notification on the route, been happening to me a lot lately You think Kitsap Transit is awful? Try Ben Franklin Transit in Tri-Cities  kyev has a solid transportation system though. I also love Moscow's. Best Metro/Subway system in the world  So you lived in Bremerton for 30 years and never figured out it's a complete shithole? Why are you even comparing kitsap one with Metro.... that's like whining that your Pinto isn't as good as someone elses Mercedes... you are comparing a rural shithole to a metropolis..  Not to mention the T is cheaper. Not only are the one way fares cheaper, but the passes are much cheaper as well. There is incentive for me to buy a monthly pass because I know I will at least break even. With sound transit I feel "pressure" to use the bus more often so that I do break even. It gets harder in the winter months when I don't want to spend time outside waiting for the bus. You go by the schedule? Why aren't you using one bus away. It's not always right but the schedule is totally arbitrary.  And the 8 maybe once in awhile  It’s funny you say that because of all the routes, when I’m waiting downtown for my rare every 20 minute bus, I get bitter at how many freaking times the 40 comes by  IIRC they *just* got some new bus lanes a few days ago The 12 calls dibs Having driven professionally in Seattle for most of the last decade, they kinda need to drive like that. I get that it sucks for passengers, but driving with purpose (if not outright aggression) is necessary in the city. People will turn right on a red into a backed up lane when you've got a green light and traffic is backed up into the intersection, cut you off, block bike lanes and crosswalks, and suddenly stop for no reason.   


I don't have to like the way bus drivers drive to understand that it's genuinely the only way for them to do their jobs. Car drivers are dicks, but bus drivers have dozens of people onboard and a schedule to keep. We should, to some degree, accept that their dickishness is warranted by the circumstances. > when the bus hit a bump 

Sounds like a problem with the roads. Take a trip down to Oregon where they actually repave roads once in a while and you will be shocked at the state of Washington roads. Funny because gas in Oregon is by and large $0.50 cheaper. They are!

https://kcemployees.com/2018/06/05/metros-42nd-annual-metroadeo/ On the 65/67 or the 75/31/32 if the drivers do not go fast they will always be late because of how many 2+ min stoplights there are on the route and because of how unreasonable the schedule was written. > TFW when the best transportation agency is on par with many third-world countries

You haven't tried to take a train around Mumbai have you? They are way more efficient, move more people, and for the most part are on time.  "Inanimate Carbon Rod" wins before Tri-Cities. What's wrong with Sound Transit? 

I had better experiences with them than the others, but then I dont ride buses very often... *shrug* It's stuck in traffic  The bus smells relatively okay most of time in my experience Perhaps they did, best busses in the nation at smelling like BO.  It's only the E Line that's actually kind of bad, all other routes are perfectly fine. 

The out-of-town buses (Sound Transit), on the other hand, are very clean. Though that's because street-people have no reason or desire to leave the city. Yeah my bus was late once.  I still haven't forgiven them. They don’t get out of your way when you get onboard??  I mean, I don’t see an issue with taking that space when there’s no wheelchair present but you get right the fuck out of the way when someone in a wheelchair boards. Everything? Spent two weeks in Berlin and the buses there are a fucking *dream*. Exactly, perfectly on time every time. Day passes are fast and easy to acquire and work everywhere. Nobody talks to you. Improved bike capacity on both buses and trains would be nice. 

I live in beacon hill and commute to downtown Bellevue. When I bike+bus, I’ve waited at the Rainier / I-90 stop for nearly an hour for a bus with an open bike rack. Before 7am. Capacity on the 550 is a mess when it gets to that stop. With only one westbound route, that stop will always be the last leg to pick up passengers after hitting all other stops along the downtown corridor. The light rail -might- help - there is no policy on how many bikes you can physically cram onto a train, unlike buses.  The light rail gives me hope because I love public transit and use it wherever I can.   In Vancouver I don’t use a vehicle at all but Seattle I avoid public transit and just bike instead. 

Edit: I realize I never answered your question.   Light rail with a bus hubs at most station would go a long way alone.   Cleanliness, security, fare enforcement, common courtesy (moving out of the way, giving up your seat for older or disabled people, not putting bags on seats when the bus is crowded). Not a complaint, so much as; this is really the best? 

I'd be totally okay if it was say. Among the top. I'd think, good on us. But the best? That makes me a little sad.  All my complaints with Metro are with the riders. :P  Eat my shorts  In Seattle, at least on the E line, half the time the listed buses just don't exist. I'd guess about 1/4 of the schedule buses simply never come.  the metro during rush hour here is completely insane! Thats part of my point.K.T used to not be so bad really.Hell even Mason Co.transit is better.Olympia's transit is awesome.

Yes of course Bremerton is a shithole.Thats why I've been in Ukraine for the last 7 months,and I have no plans on going back anytime soon. Currently living in Boston. The amount of times the trains break or are affected by roadwork so they have to insert a shuttle bus into your train route is pretty astonishing sometimes. I’d still say the T is a better system than Metro, but not by that much. I do, it’s never accurate either. Pisss me off even more to see the next bus is literally 6 miles away Because half the busses listed simply don't exist. 

Expecting a bus to run on a schedule is not unreasonable.  6 of them in a 15 minute span, then none for an hour? Or, we should not. Buses are 40+ thousand pounds. And very large. I get the whole 60 people vs 1 occupancy thing, but that doesn't remove the fact it's still disobeying the law and still a safety issue (even more so given the size).

Everyone has places to be. Joe in his Subaru is trying to be in time for work just as much as Bob driving the bus meeting his schedule. >  Funny because gas in Oregon is by and large $0.50 cheaper.

It's almost like our tax system is broken in Washington, and an income tax actually solves a lot of problems.  Who knew? > On the 65/67

65 comes every 6 minutes.  Their schedule literally does not matter as there is another one on their heels 100% of the time. There are other third-world countries, I encourage you to research and not pick the worst that comes to your mind.  😊  That makes sense I once saw a bus that was empty! >They don’t get out of your way when you get onboard??

Nope. On Thursday I took the light rail up to the U-District, and there were two dudes standing in the wheelchair spot. The seats were up, they weren't even sitting down. They just stood there like dopes. There was also a lady with a stroller blocking the entire aisle that looked me directly in the eyes and didn't even do that thing that people do where they half pretend to try to get out of the way. She just stared at me. Even if I wanted to ask the dopes to move so I could sit there, I couldn't get past the stroller.

There's a certain point in your life where you just get sick of telling idiots to get the fuck out of your way, and you just don't really do it anymore unless it's absolutely necessary.  They don't move for the elderly or women with children either. People are fucking stupid and selfish. Comparing European public transportation to American public transportation is always going to set you up for disappointment. >Nobody talks to you.

No one in Seattle talks to you, either, except to ask if they can sit next to you and the occasional "thank you/sorry/excuse me"... "Nobody talks to you."

Good to see that the ole' Seattle Freeze was but a myth. >Nobody talks to you

Get a car or deal with the fact you're using public transit. Dude....just bike the whole way. Technically, on the existing trains there is a policy, although it is not enforced from what I have seen. Four bikes are allowed per car, one on each of the two bike racks, and one standing with the rider in each half of the car. This means a two car train can carry eight bikes, and a three car train twelve. Even at this much higher capacity, I have still seen it overwhelmed during peak times, especially when the trains are running slower.  \+1 bike capacity, bikes + public transport could be a nirvana if everyone jumped on board. Aye carumba! I like shorts. They're comfy and easy to wear. > In Seattle, at least on the E line, half the time the listed buses just don't exist.

Oh those buses exist, just not in this universe anymore.  You think you're in the same universe, but the E Line transfers you between willy nilly. As much as Bob's 60 passengers? I'm not saying run red lights and speed, but blocking half an intersection in heavy traffic is an understandable move. I still don't like it, but I get it. I'm sorry more people don't speak up for you. I know I am 'that guy' when there's a full-ish train and some jerk taking up an additional spot for their backpack. They asked how to improve KD Metro. "Be more like Europe" is an easy way to improve a great many things related to quality of life. BART, the NYC subway, even LAs busses are more reliable. They’re mostly talking to whatever drug-induced apparitions happen to be riding with them that day.  Lol why is it a problem not wanting people to talk to you on public transport? If i dont know you and we have no business together then why are you talking to me?  20 m a day can be a bit much. Unexpected Simpsons Not like sand. Hey! You’re not wearing shorts! I get it too. And it is more valid. But that doesn't make it a fault for SOV. Everyone knows certain interesectuons are a complete shithole, and someone waiting 40 minutes to travel 1/4 a mile isn't any less important than the bus cutting him off. Tell the passengers to be more like Europeans. Actually pay their fare and stop trying to shank drivers :-p. Today alone I had about 30 non fare paying people I can’t kick off due to backlash and 3 guys got into fights. 

Our roads are awful too. I wish they would fix them some :-/ It's  also a whole load of nothing to say "Be more like Europe"

1) It doesn't actually give any details

2) Let's not be more like Russia. Kthx

Edit: [Since  there's some confusion on whether Russia is part of Europe, here's Europe](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/44/Europe_orthographic_Caucasus_Urals_boundary_%28with_borders%29.svg/537px-Europe_orthographic_Caucasus_Urals_boundary_%28with_borders%29.svg.png) The best part of this thread is I get to downvote everyone who thinks talking to random people on a bus is a good idea.  It's not a problem to prefer to not talk to others. It's an individuals personal problem when they choose to ride a bus with 40+ other people and then get upset that someone on the bus happens to be a chatty type. 

Tldr: solve your own issue. Pick your vices. I disagree! It's the perfect length for a bike commute. Plus even if you're going at a moderate pace (say 12mph) it'll take you an hour and a half round trip. I've never taken the bus, but I'm guessing it's WAY faster than the bus and on top of that you're getting a workout in at the same dang time you're commuting! Two birds! One stone!

And on top of all of those awesome things I just pointed out, there's no reason you have to do it every day. Mix it up...take the bus in the morning and bike back in the afternoon on some days (or vice versa). Take the bus the whole way on Mondays because you drink too much on Sundays....whatever....variety is the spice of life. It's coarse and rough and gets everywhere... kinda like Metro. If the bus has 60 people on it, and the car has one person in it, then the person in the car is in fact 1/60th as important. Capitalism! 1. Poster gave three details: the buses are on time; passes are easy to buy; there's a culture of respecting others' personal space. 

2. Russia is part of Asia, not Europe.  why is it okay for the chatty person to talk someone's ear off when they don't want it but not okay for someone to expect a modicum personal space and privacy. I'm merely trying to get from point A to B. I don't need someone to decide to talk to me the entire ride even if i've politely said i don't want to talk.  >I disagree! It's the perfect length for a bike commute.

1h50m a day for me from capitol hill. Way too long. Waste of life, even if I did get to bike. r/theydidthemath ...is in Europe too. 1.	Agree
2.	Disagree. It’s both. More accurately: Eurasia.  >Russia is part of Asia, not Europe.

The vast majority of Russia's population lives in the European part and ethnic non-mixed Russian's are "White" (aka European) both in appearance and culture. 40% of Europe is Russia... So Europe is pretty Russian. Because people weren't built with a crystal ball and can't read your mind. And the signals that you might be hinting at that you specifically have no interest in a conversation may not cross well with someone who didn't grow up on your street, block, city, region, state, country, time, etc.

All you have to say is "hey, sorry, but I am not looking for a conversation, my apologies" and you'll be left be. If not then you had a bigger problem than cultural norms.  I'm not saying anything is ok. I'm saying you choose to use this service, and this is city Life, and that is what comes with it.

Besides hyperbole you could always just simply flat out ignore them, pretend like you're crazy, or insert ear buds for music or podcasts. There is no issue here besides the one you're pretending to make. Suit yourself...I don't consider cycling a waste of time whatsoever. Beats sittin' on a bus or adding to the congestion any day of the week. Culturally it's not really part of either. Russia, or even the whole former Soviet Union, stands apart in a lot of ways. You're right about Eurasia. When I was a kid, we were taught a list of continents that didn't include Eurasia, but now it seems to be included. Til, thanks!  Except not in culture.  but here is the thing. why are you talking to me? do you have some sort of business with me? do i know you? 

you don't need a crystal ball or be a mind reader. 

this is specifically about people who try to strike a conversation and not about people being polite and saying hi or giving a head nod when passing.  i'm not saying there is an issue or that there are rampent chatty kathys out there talking to random people. i was just pointing out that your initial statement of get a car or deal with it is flawed.  How do you make connections if you don't ever speak up?

Keep in mind, I'm a native Midwesterner and where I am from we put the Seattle freeze to shame but go 30m out and talking to random strangers is how you make new friends. This is what I am getting at for cultural differences.  you can make friends at work, at events, or at social settings like bars and the like. 

i'm not talking about when people talk to randoms in a bar or at social settings. i'm merely speaking on people trying to strike up a convo in a setting that isn't meant for it.  What's the difference? I go to bars with friends and have enough of difficulties keeping my attention split for them I'm not looking for a random to talk to me there. Shoot the bus would be better, at least then I'm not with someone and just trying to pass the time till I get to my destination.

Though I admittedly keep replying but my point keeps coming back to the same point, this is your expectations, but may only apply to you where you live in an area with a ton of imports from different backgrounds.  i think we are speaking on different things. My points are mainly about a single person in a place. of course in a group no one should really be trying to come up to you specifically to talk to you or your group, social setting or otherwise. 

maybe it is a regional thing, who knows but i don't think it is. people are largely the same. no one wants to be bothered and no one wants to be a bother for others. 

i think people have this rosey view that if people lightened up and talk then they'd make a friend but that's largely just an illusion.  