Best Whale Watching w/out going to the San Juans? I'd like to get one whale watching trip in before the summer is up. The last time I went it was with an outfit off of Orcas Island. Unfortunately that's a long, long haul from White Center. 

It looks like [Puget Sound Express](https://www.pugetsoundexpress.com/tours/guaranteed-whale-watching-tours/seattle-whale-watching-tours/) goes out of Edmonds, and as a bonus is even wheelchair accessible (more than I can say for my last excursion) so that's a bonus, but it's also a 4-5 hour trip. It's still better than driving all the way to Anacortes and taking a ferry though, I think.

If I wait until November there's [Island Adventures](http://www.island-adventures.com/whale-watch-tours/seattle-whale-watching) but then it'll be colder, overcast, and wetter so I'm not sure that's something I want to do either.

I'd really like to avoid the hike up to Anacortes as I have a dog ta home, so the drive to Edmonds and back, plus 4-5 hours on the boat is about as long as I'd like to leave her at home alone without hiring someone to let her out while we're gone, and I don't really know any of my neighbors.

Does anyone have any suggestions? The Victoria Clipper does whale-watching trips from downtown Seattle (On the waterfront/Alaskan Way at Pier 69).   I did it once and it was a long day, but fun. The trip is beautiful, the boat is big (and fast) and we got to see a whale, so it was  a success.  Just bring something to read/do for the trip up and back.

http://www.clippervacations.com/multi-package/seattle-san-juan-islands-whale-watching-sealife-search-day-trip/
 I haven't personally been on the puget sound express, but I launch my boat at the edmond marina all the time, and always see them taking passenger out. The area around there is just beautiful!!! My friend went to san juan for whale watching last weekend, drove all the way there and didn't see a whale :(. Although she gets to go back for free, it's such a long ways away that she is not sure if she wants to.  Your best option is to be a walk on ferry passenger to Friday Harbor and use a taxi or the summer transit service to go out Lime  Kiln Pt. State Park where are very likely to see whales from shore. 

Victoria Clipper might be faster but I don't know how well the timing would work. Kenmore Air in at least one direction if you're feeling flush.   Try this guy.

http://www.captaintobystours.com Thanks! Leaving out of Seattle directly sounds great, but the stop in Friday Harbor makes this a 12-hour day, so a bit too long maybe. It really is a long drive. A pretty drive, at points, but a long one. Not to mention the ferry at Anacortes! They specifically said "without going to the San Juans" so I think Lime Kiln is off the table. I'd like reliable advice on finding $500 apartments in popular Seattle neighborhoods... 

If one wants to see whales they need to go where the whales are.  Offering unconventional solutions that haven't been discussed seems reasonable.  Lime Kiln isn't an unconventional solution. That is one of the single most well known whale watching sites in the entire country. Also OP's clearly already aware that San Juan island exists being that they specifically mentioned it in their post. 