Please consider leaving bike-share bikes in not-shitty spots Seen a lot of bikes left sidewalks corners, effectively blocking accessibility ramps from both sides. Also seen a fella struggling to get past one in a wheelchair today, which was really unfortunate.

Lots of other bad bike parking abounds, like leaving bikes on peoples lawns or propped against crosswalk buttons. For a lot of us it's easy to be like, "fuck this," and chuck the bike out of the way, but not for people with accessibility issues. It's cool to see people scooting around on bikes and that, but please consider those who can't easily move them before leaving them in shitty places. Thanks for reading! This is why we can't have nice things.  [Here's a handy illustrated guide on where to park](https://1p40p3gwj70rhpc423s8rzjaz-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/Park-your-bike-share-here-3.jpg) I seen a couple parked on the pedestrian path on the Ballard Bridge the other day. They were there on my way to work and still there when I was coming home. That path is already super narrow so I was surprised they lasted there all day before someone got frustrated enough to move them. >Also seen a fella struggling to get past one in a wheelchair today, which was really unfortunate.

Sooo did you just sit there seen this fellah or did you help him out?
My guess is that you stood there with your thumb up your ass,just waiting until you could get home and post your outrage on Reddit [deleted] We need fines for those companies that allow their bikes to be parked there.  No I moved it, he was right in front of me I appreciate a good bike up a tree.

In Manchester apparently people have been keeping them in their houses so only they can use them, which is adorable. Sooner or later the ADA class action lawyers will come around and sue the city and the operators. Easy money. Sooner or later ADA is gonna be dismantled since its become nothing but a shakedown for sleezy ambulance chasers and I'm gonna sit back and cheer it on. 