Really appreciate these step sidewalks on 55th NE, especially on slick days  +1 for thoughtful design. Right! I think about that every time I walk that hill even if its nice out. That hill sucks!  Ribbed for your pleasure. We have those in many of the hilly areas of West Seattle near me, although only 1 of the 3 horizontal sections of the sidewalk is like that, which probably helps with ADA stuff.

Of course, it's typically the section closest to the houses so they're overgrown with bushes or plants. Oh man I used to do hill repeats on those back in college! Rear wheel drive cars couldn't make it up that road on the slicker days. I've been waiting to see [one of these in Seattle.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7j1PgmMbug8)  It seems like a natural fit for the city.

 Does anyone know what these are called? That hill always bothers me because the ribs are too close together. My normal stride is about 1.5 ribs and I have to take tiny steps to match them. After the potholes are fixed this would be an amazing improvement to sidewalks in the city Dravus has these in Magnolia, they are indeed helpful when it's wet out.  I rolled down those on my mountain bike one time without realizing they were there at first.  I almost pooped a little because it was had to get traction when I put the brakes on. Some of the sidewalks near the Woodland Park Zoo have these. They end up forcing people with strollers into the street. I live at the bottom of a steep hill and without these I would have broken something with all the snow we had . At least you have a sidewalk. Lots of us would be happy with an asphalt or gravel path instead of the promise of sidewalks in 2032.  /r/oppticalillusions

Is that up hill or downhill?  Unfortunately, they are covered in moss. So everyday? http://qastairs.com Thoughtful but this probably isn't ada, imagine going down that in a wheelchair  Great for mountaineering training though :) Yeah,me too, and I have lil' short legs, or at least I thought I did.
Maybe it's meant for children? I've seen them where 1/3 of the sidewalk has the cuts and the rest don't, to avoid that.  I had similar thoughts wrt ADA compliance I live right near Troll Ave (under Aurora), and it has steps like this down part of it. They're spaced out just enough that I can't properly walk on them, it's like walking across rail ties where every second step is either too short or too long. I hate them! ??  Definitely uphill.  IDK, that's steep enough that it's probably not wheelchair safe with or without it. 

edit: The steps are there because the sidewalk is super steep and can get slick when wet, a steep and slick sidewalk is not better for anyone of any ability.  Virginia between Pike Pl and 1st ave only has it on half.. Hmm, why not just have it be latticed? That would probably give you enough friction without impeding anybody. [reminds me of this skit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9U0tDU37q2M) Or sledding! you'd have to be crazy to try to go up or down one of these steep sidewalks in a wheelchair.

I personally had no problem navigating these 'stipes' (which I believe is how SDOT refers to the little speed bumps) when I pushed a stroller me too Yeah there's also a less steep way that's a quarter mile longer, but could be chaired. I don't think ADA is just about wheelchairs. People with white canes would probably have a hard time on this surface. Similarly, I've been told that bricked sidewalks are bad for white canes.  Maybe the Denny Regrade was more about making downtown Seattle ADA compliant than it was about creating flat buildable land.  We're such a forward looking city. Sure. Also more expensive and physically complicated than these precast ones. in all likelihood due to age it is grandfathered in, and if an alternative route is available ADA compliance on this particular sidewalk may be a non-issue.

but in general, they could make this sidewalk wider, which would allow for users to zig-zag which would reduce the relative gradient at the expense of making the distance traveled longer.

i'm not arguing that every gradient needs to be accessible, but it is a fact that "stipes" are useful to some and problematic to others. there's no silver bullet, for sure. You know you can just lift the white cane off the ground, right? I don't understand how regular pavement would be better. what if the cane is blue? Can't you precast latticed concrete? yeah-- I've even heard that disabled people not in wheelchairs (using canes for instance) have an easier time on stairs than ramps.

I wonder if all (even new) sidewalks are not required to be ADA compliant since you never see any hand-rails, even on steep inclines Yeah. If I was using a cane, I'd like those ridges, to give the cane something to brace against as I'm going up or down that sidewalk. The cane someone swishes back and forth for impaired sight is going to catch on the ridges of different heights. Someone said you can lift it off the ground, but holding it up just a couple of inches off the ground for an extended period of time would probably get tiring for the wrist and potentially miss knowing when you got to the actual curb if there isn't a proper curb cut. The grooves and/or dots on curb cuts, aka [tactile paving](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tactile_paving) aren't actually there for traction for people with mobility devices, though they may also serve that purpose to some degree. They also serve as tactile warnings for people with visual impairments. probably. but that stipe/bump is stone age simple, and there would have to be more significant testing/quality control on a lattice.  White canes are for people with limited vision.   Sorry, I missed "white" in the earlier post. I just thought we were talking about canes. 