Sight-seeing with disabled? I know this is specific and I ask that you please don't downvote just because it may not be relative to you..but I will be visiting Seattle for a few days and will be traveling with my family member who has difficulty walking. For you locals that know your city well, how can I best fit in the most sight-seeing/must-do attractions while minimizing the physical exertions? What restaurants/attractions are so close to each other that we can see them easily one after the other, etc?  Any tips on parking? We won't have our disability placard.  Other tips?  

Please understand it isn't due to laziness, but due to weakness from cancer therapy. I will do all the driving/navigating, and this is our first time to your city. I'm planning to see the usual touristy spots. I hope this isn't down voted to oblivion or told to look at a map.. I have and I appreciate genuine responses if possible.


 This is our first trip since completing cancer treatment but walk-ability is still very minimal. I'm pretty nervous with the forecast showing rain. It's a vacation,but I feel like I will be pretty stressed navigating through a rainy city I've never been to while chaperoning a loved one with very limited mobility. Any words of advice is appreciated.

TL;DR visiting Seattle for first time with cancer survivor, limited mobility, not enough energy. Need help seeing the best spots with minimal physical exertion Have you considered renting a folding wheelchair for your visit?  There are places (like Pike Place Market, for one) that are worth seeing, but that involve a fair bit of walking, and don't have a lot of places to sit and rest.  You can always leave it in the trunk at stops where you won't need it, but it's going to make things more accessible for everybody.  If you Google, you'll find a few places that rent them short-term, and they will deliver to where you're staying.

If you go to the Market, try to go early, and on a weekday--that's when it's the least crowded.  The best parking option is probably the [Public Market Parking Garage](http://www.pikeplacemarket.org/directions-parking), behind the Market on Western Avenue.  You can drop off your person with limited mobility by the elevator before you park.  The elevator will take you up to a skybridge that goes directly into the Market.  The Market itself is kind of a maze, with lots of different buildings and levels.  There are ramps (steep ones!) between the levels and also elevators, which might be easier to navigate, if you can find them (here's a site that has [a downloadable map that shows them](http://www.wheelchairjimmy.com/seattle/wheelchair-accessible-city-attractions-seattle.asp)--I highly recommend printing that and bringing it along!--and a lot of other accessibility information about other Seattle sights). If you have a wheelchair, Pike Place itself is paved with brick, which makes for a *very* bumpy ride.  There's a sidewalk on the east side of the street, and the main corridor down the middle of the buildings on the west side, that are smoother.

Most of the [Argosy tour boats](http://www.argosycruises.com/) are accessible, and give you some nice sightseeing opportunities without a lot of walking around.  Most of them don't have elevators to the upper deck, which has better views, but that's because it's out in the open--and you're not likely to get the kind of weather where you'd want to be out there, anyway!  The cruise that goes through the locks looks the most interesting, at least to me.  Tillicum Village is unfortunately done for the season.

The Underground Tour is not at all accessible--lots and lots of stairs.

And +1 on lunch at the top of the Space Needle.  [Make a reservation](http://www.spaceneedle.com/information/) and you can drive right up foot of the Needle, leave your car with the valet, bypass the line for the elevator, and dine as you watch the scenery slide by.  The food is overpriced but perfectly good, and the meal price includes the elevator--so if you were going up to the observation level anyway, and then having a good sit-down lunch somewhere else, it isn't going to cost a lot more than that.  Be sure someone gets the Lunar Orbiter for dessert--it's just an ice cream sundae, but the presentation is a lot of fun. My recommendation is to have patience, plan well, and keep your expectations low.

Seattle is a difficult city for visitors to drive in. The weather may not be agreeable for driving. The hills in the City make for walking difficult for many people. I hope you find a way to have a nice time despite those challenges. It's a beautiful city and I hope you like it as much as I do. Here's a printable map of wheelchair-friendly ramps, elevators and routes in downtown Seattle put together by the local bus agency: http://metro.kingcounty.gov/maps/seattle/accessibility.html It is a bit more expensive, and really depends on if it is clear at all, but I highly recommend Sky City at the Space Needle for those who aren't able to walk the city but want to relax and see some of the sights. It revolves slowly enough that you can point out the major sights you may not be able to make it to, and you get to enjoy the whole experience of being up in the space needle. If you are going to Sky City, you get a discount on valet parking at the needle which really helps with limiting the amount of walking you have to do.

Depending on what else you want to do, you could take the monorail to westlake and walk the market, but that will be a hike. Street parking is free on Sundays, I believe, so that can help too. My biggest recommendation is to take it slow and enjoy your time together instead of trying to race and see all the sights. It is easy to overdo it and end up too tired to enjoy! I'd recommend relying on Uber/Lyft since Seattle is not easily walkable with all our hills and the rain just makes them slippery. Parking is almost impossible (you'd have to walk if you could find a spot) and navigating can be tricky. With that said, any attraction you want to visit is going to be ADA compliant so I wouldn't worry about tons of stairs (except Pike Place market, but they can be avoided). Check out the sidebar for things to see, you shouldnt have any problems checking out the sites (even some parks, like Kerry Park), just dont count on driving yourselves around. You could see pioneer square, pike place/waterfront, and seattle center just by riding the bus and uber. Take a lyft/uber and start at pioneer square, and if you check the bus routes, 2 different buses will be enough to take you north along the other sights, ending up at seattle center/queen anne.

Our buses can accommodate wheelchairs, too. I would advise against driving because downtown is crowded. [deleted] Your comment is the perfect response I was hoping for. Thank you for taking the time to write it out!! Thanks for your honesty. Patience is definitely something I have. How is the weather right now?   Awesome! Thank you I'll print it out! Columbia tower is less chaotic than the space needle - not as touristy, nothing else super close, but good view and no crowds
 Are the bus drivers generally friendly and accommodating? I would hate to feel rushed or snarled at if we are carrying a wheelchair and such Thank you so much for sharing your experience with me. It means more than you know and i can tell you're an amazing person taking such great care of your folks. I definitely will try to get a wheelchair and fit as many of your suggestions into our trip as possible. You're the best!  As someone who has difficulty with standing and walking, I highly recommend the Space Needle. Even on a cloudy day [the view is not too bad](http://www.spaceneedle.com/webcam/).

[The EMP Museum](http://www.empmuseum.org/) and [Chihuly Garden and Glass](http://www.chihulygardenandglass.com/) are also there at the base of the Space Needle if you like those sorts of things. They do involve a decent amount of walking but there is also places to sit and rest.

Pike Place is worth seeing and /u/casagordita has great suggestions. A wheelchair is definitely a must there as is going early on a weekday. Keep in mind that while the lower levels are accessible, some of the shops are on the small side and not terribly easy to navigate.

I think the best advice I can give is be patient and take your time. Don't try to do too many things a day. Don't feel obligated to see everything.  It's been raining all morning. [deleted] 95% of bus drivers are friendly, 100% are trained to work with handicapped wheelchair users. Downtown is a busy area but many wheelchair users ride the bus. For your own peace of mind I would work out your destinations and use google maps to make note of the bus routes you will need beforehand. I'm new here also.  Given that, the rain is more of a mist.  Often hardly noticeable with some layers.  It's not terribly cold.  A wheelchaired person should be fine with an underlayer, sweater, and light rain gear.  Make sure drip doesn't land in storage/seat and you're all set.  Don't try too see to much.  Choose a few sites and enjoy them rather than trying to squeeze too much in.  Your goal should be to maximize enjoyment, not maximize sights seen... Has Metro gotten any better about having the lifts working on most buses?  It's been a few years, but I once had a couple of students who used wheelchairs to get around.  They both told me about sitting at the bus stop on Broadway, in cold, wet, miserable weather, and having bus after bus pass them by--the drivers would just say "Sorry, lift's busted" and drive on.  They said it was a regular occurrence.  I'd like to think they've finally done something about that. Thank you. I looked at the webcam site  of the space needle view and it looks misty like you described. She has arthritis that worsens with cold so I'll definitely pack extra layers.  I see.. Yeah I'm hesitant about buses for that reason. I may have to spring for uber for convenience I've been busing for almost two years and I don't remember any issues with the ramps/lifts not working. I do pay attention to that kind of thing. At this point, I expect it to be rare for a bus to be operating with a broken lift, but I'm sure it happens sometimes.  If you have a relatively lightweight folding wheelchair, and your disabled person can walk at least a little, the bus might still work for you.  It's been a few years since I took the bus regularly, but at least then, many Metro buses were the low-floor kind, with a relatively small step up to get on.  Some still had the steep steps, though--brutal on bad knees.  Somebody who takes the bus regularly now can probably tell you more about the equipment they're using these days.

Other kinds of local transit--the Link light rail, the monorail between downtown and Seattle Center--are stair-free and accessible.

But yeah--for a relatively short visit, if you're not on a super-tight budget, I would probably skip the bus and just do Uber, too. 