KC Metro purchased 34 MV1 vehicles for Access Fleet that don't fit WX wheelchairs or accommodate people with walkers, anticipate a 50 percent or more reduction in greenhouse gas emissions  Holy shit those vans are for people? I thought they were cargo vans. The floors are too high, the roof is too low, the roof shape isn't made for human heads, and the length is a joke. I'm not a wheelchair user, just a 4x4 guy with an eye for undercarriages, but holy crap. This is just dumb.  How much money have they put aside for the lawsuits after riders are injured? Perhaps this is a tacit admission Seattle is no city for old men (and women).   Wait, isn't the entire point of the access fleet to accommodate people who cannot use regular transit? Doesn't this basically delete a pretty significant portion if their service? The ADA Plaintiff Trolls will have a field day with this.

 We spend 10% of the KC Metro budget on basically free personal taxis? That is fucking insane.  Brought to you from the makers of the HUMMER! As I understand it, this is just a portion of the Access fleet currently but the coordination to make sure these vehicles are going on runs where they're helpful to particular people is lacking. It's not even trolling when the country places inaccessible vehicles into a service that is specifically targeted at disabled people.  It’s not free and it’s not a personal taxi. It’s an ADA required public service for qualified persons. King County Metro contracts out for their para transit service so you see a drop in quality in exchange for saving money. As someone in a wheelchair due to a motor vehicle accident I can't believe we don't spend more on infrastructure for people with disabilities. I am only in this for months and my girlfriend can take time off and fold up my cheap constantly breaking chair into her car but it's insane people with power  chairs or people who need assistance can't get rides. Rides take like an hour just to get to your house. Now that you mention it... https://i.imgur.com/6vmsNiT.jpg True. Though I am referring to national firms that feed off of this kind of thing. Usually they are going after cities for lack of wheel chair ramps and such. 

These vans are making it too easy. But no worries, there is unlimited tax payer money to pay the forthcoming multi-million dollar settlements. And millions more to buy different vans. You call them up, schedule a pickup-dropoff ride anywhere a bus, streetcar or light rail goes and pay $1.75 flat rate for the entire trip. That is basically free. 

Just blows my mind that fully 10% of the budget goes to this, especially when all buses/light rail/water taxis already support every type of disabled rider.  I was also in a wheelchair for about 6 weeks due to getting hit by a car while biking. It honestly never even occurred to me that I should expect a private ride service to be available for free. 

I definitely missed that gravy boat and instead arranged my own transportation. 6 weeks is nothing compared to a lifetime of disability, but I guess I have a different perspective growing up in a foreign country that didn't allocate one in ten dollars to one in ten thousand people.  Take it up with the ADA and explain to them why disabled people who can’t ride the fixed route buses should be treated as second class citizens by not having access to public transit services. Buses don't go everywhere and a lot if their stops are inaccessible. Given that disabled people are legally entitled to equal access and they pay taxes just like anyone else, it makes sense that there should be something to provide this service to them. Where did you grow up? Growing up in Chicago was way worse thinking about people with disabilities traveling, streets and sidewalks especially were never plowed of snow and ice.

I had a foot surgery and had to use a knee scooter and later crutches on the train and bus to work and maybe half the time someone would let me sit otherwise I would literally just hope I didn't fall over. Yeah my friend broke his femur at work last spring and I we had no idea he could be using access. He drive himself in his manual car in traffic a lot because he thought he had to. Probably lengthened his recovery a lot. I feel like a doctor or labor and industries should have mentioned something. The ADA is supposed to provide *reasonable* accommodations, not grant super-privileges at the detriment of everyone else. Like I said in another comment, I'm not necessarily saying it should be changed, but allocating 10% of a massive budget that daily impacts hundreds of thousands and literally drives the city for such a tiny fraction to get special benefits is just jaw dropping.  Except this is absolutely not equal access. It is special, privileged access at an immense cost to everyone else. 

I'm not advocating to change it necessarily, I'd need more data before I could comment on that. But it really does shock me that 10% of the budget is spent on it.  > Where did you grow up?

An African country in the Maghreb, but only until I was about 13.  Super privileges? How is the dialysis patient in a wheelchair who isn’t allowed to drive or ride the bus and can’t afford a $100 cabulence ride super privileged? What is that person taking away from you?

Taking proper care of disabled people not surprisingly costs a lot of money. You might think it’s unreasonable to provide equal access to public transportation, but fortunately it’s already been determined otherwise. Perhaps when you’re too old and crippled to easily get around on your own you’ll have “earned” your “special benefit.” necropost- I work specifically in this field. The requirement to operate a service like this is a federal one. The only way to avoid having this requirement is to not have a bus system. 

In theory, this service *only* provides rides when the person is physically unable to complete the trip on fixed route. For example, grandma can't walk up that ridiculous 20 degree grade 150 feet to the bus stop for X trip, so she's eligible to ride paratransit for that one. for Y trip where the stop is reachable for her, she's not eligible and would be unable to book the ride. 

Do people abuse it? yes. Does it cost a fuckton? yes. But there's hundreds or thousands of people every day who would be literally unable to participate in society in any meaningful way without it.  I don't understand how the access vans are different than the bus? Is the driver a paramedic? Are they somehow easier to get on with a wheelchair? Why do they get scheduled pickup? A special benefit is something that is not afforded equally to everyone else and is special to the person receiving the benefit. It is absolutely not equal in any shape or form. I cannot call for a private ride to pick me up from any destination and drop me off at any location, that is without question a special privilege. 

Like I said, I personally don't have an opinion on the pros/cons without more data, but I can unequivocally state that a single person ride costing an average of $60 results in an incredibly huge amount of money taken away from the rest of the riders who cost about $4.50 each after farebox recovery calculations.  They’re smaller, basically. Driver is just s driver with training for the job; they aren’t a caregiver or medical professional in any way. Not really easier to get on, but in this case the driver assists the person where on the big buses the person has to be able to get on themselves. People go different places different times different days, so there is no one route, so there needs to be some structure in place.

More info on their site http://metro.kingcounty.gov/tops/accessible/programs/paratransit.html#type-of-service You can use the term “special benefit” all you want but it has no weight in any argument. 

It is not a private ride, not by definition or any other sense. 

And yes you can call for a ride, you just have to be disabled. Lucky for you you’re not, which makes it easy to tell your fellow citizens who are that they shouldn’t have access to public transportation. 
 