University of Washington agrees to improve parking access (because of lawsuit)  There was a lawsuit filed against UW because they didn't have enough space for people in wheel chairs at basketball games. UW removed a bunch of seats to add an addition four spots to accommodate.  They sat vacant most of the year. 

While I understand there's a need for those with disabilities, at times it appears it's just lawyers getting paid > some slopes were hazardous

Not just the parking, either. From UW's on website:

>Campus Terrain
The campus is deceptively steep, rising from Lake Washington on the east to an elevation of 224 feet at the northwest corner, a rise equal to an 18 story building. The campus is also relatively large, about 15 blocks north to south and 25 blocks east to west. The University, therefore, encourages wheelchair users to consider using power-operated wheelchairs on campus.

> Since the University is located on a sloping site, many of the pedestrian ways have conditions that do not meet accessibility requirements for slope, duration, surface and rails. Individuals may need to experience a given route to determine if it is accessible for them.

They have an [access map](https://depts.washington.edu/ceogis/Public/Accessibility/Map/) for getting around that can show just how challenging getting from Point A to Point B can be. Miller Hall and Rait Hall (NE end of the Quad) seem to have only one ADA Accessible entrance each for example , and they're on the backsides of the buildings. Even then you have to walk around the buildings and then take a path that zig-zags and is probably about 3 times the the most direct distance of being able to use the quad-side doors.

Given all the problems that they can't fix, taking 15 years to fix the ones they can seems a little unacceptable, somehow. I still can't believe the path on rainier vista (headed from the light rail station to red square) is just gravel. It's SHOCKING that they didn't pave it when they put in the light rail stop. 
&nbsp;

I don't have a disability and even I have difficulty walking on it at points. In the winter there are a million puddles to dodge at it's slippery from the mud.  > "There was a lengthy process where we tried to work it out with the university, but we couldn't come to an agreement," said Reynoldson. "So we filed suit with the hopes to make changes." [Source](http://komonews.com/news/local/disabled-uw-alum-sues-university-over-arena-access)

Change is rarely made in this sort of situation until someone sues. And, as he also points out, tickets for disabled seating at any venue are almost *always* at the higher end prices, with very little choice to sit in cheaper seats. It makes it very unaffordable to go to any sort of performance. Sure, they may be great seats, but if it's not in the budget (where the cheaper seats might be) and you're already on a tight budget due to extra costs associated with your medical issues, it  kinda bites to not have the cheaper options. Yeah none of the super old buildings are really accessible at all, I've noticed. Seems like usually all they've got is like one hastily retrofitted entrance somewhere with no signage so you've got to search to find it. One of my classmates uses a wheelchair and he said it's like the world's most bullshit easter egg hunt.

I do have a bit of sympathy for how much of a pain in the ass it must be to have all these 100+ year old buildings you can't tear down and have to get all kinds of permits to improve, though. >They have an access map

Why does that map have no key?

What the difference between a solid, a single dashed line and a double dashed line?

What's the difference between a green, a blue, and a violet arrow?

What a G in the circle supposed to mean?

 Well it's hard to sell cheap seats to disabled people when they are 300 steps up. Those 4 seats took out over 20 seats It's an absolutely gorgeous campus, and for its age I think they are doing a decent job of *trying* to make it accessible. Both the age and the geography are working against them in ways that may make it difficult to put in more ADA accessible entrances. Given the rules for the slope of ramps, for instance, there are probably places where you *could* make more doors accessible if you wanted an insanely long switchbacking ramp. With the two halls I mentioned they might be able to put ADA accessible doors on the quad side but that might mean removing some of the large, established trees that give the campus its character to do so - and quite frankly I'm not even sure I'd be willing to make that trade if I were a student there just to save a few hundred yards.

To me, though, that just means it's all the more important to fix the things you *can* fix in a timely manner. Good luck to your friend! I don't envy them having to navigate that on a regular basis. To get to the 4th floor of Smith you have to take 1 elevator to the 2nd or 3rd floor, then go down a hall way and take a another. They aren't new elevators either, they are very slow. That adds a lot of time onto getting to and from classes.  The key pops up when you click on the triple bars in the upper right-hand corner. It seems the first one is actually interactive and if you have GPS activated on your phone you can use the round thing under the House icon to find your location on campus. 

There's also a  [printable version](https://facilities.uw.edu/files/media/ada-route-map-print.pdf) that has a key and the answers you seek.

I wasn't even aware of either map's existence until today though, so it's all new to me! This is true. But I've also been in places in the past where there was the ABILITY to put disabled seating in places other than where they opted to, but they *didn't*. ADA access is something that is very often added in later, grudgingly (sometimes not until sued), as an afterthought, and it seems that there's often mindset of "and by God, they're going to fucking pay for it through the nose."

Other times, it just seems that there wasn't a lot of thought put into it at all, because persons who are abled bodied just don't have to think about things the way someone with a disability does. I've had luck with cases like this - like when I visited UW and the garbage cans were lined up at the end of one of the handicapped ramps and partially blocking access. Or the little quarter vending machines at Elysian on Pike that were in the hall to the bathrooms which made turning the corner difficult. Heck, the West Seattle Marijuana Store chooses to keep their trashcan on the right side of their door - the *same side as the handicapped parking*, meaning they're blocking the entrance from that side, even though I've said something twice. It's dumb, but it's the kind of thoughtless, frustrating crap people put up with on a daily basis. Okay, thanks for pointing that out. That didn't look like something that was clickable at first glance. Nothing else seems to be clickable. 