Hello /r/stlouis! I have some questions about your city and my wheelchair. I'm going to be flying to your city on October 21st from Chicago for the day. I was trying to figure out the cheapest and easiest way to get from the airport to downtown, and back that day. I discovered the MetroLink is probably the best way. Do you know if the station at the Arch is wheelchair accessible? I couldn't find a definite answer on that. Also, to purchase tickets, is there a vending machine/ticket agent at the stations, or do I purchase them on the train? Thanks for your help! The arch metrolink station has stairs and an elevator.  Might want to call to make sure the elevator is in service.  Last year it was out of service when I used that station.  I'm sure it's usually in service though.

Here's the metrolink accessibility page: http://www.metrostlouis.org/RidingMetro/Accessibility.aspx I think between the two of these, you can have piece of mind on your visit. (Paraquad.org) and (urbanreviewstl.com)

Steve is the man at urban review and accessibility is his vigilance. Paraquad, while an advocacy group local to St. Louis should be able to assist in all of your questions, I would think. Have fun while you are here.  As far as I know, all the stations are wheelchair accessible. You but tickets at a kiosk, not on the train. And yes, the train is the cheapest rout.  At $5 or $6 round trip it will definitely beat paying for a 15 or so mile cab ride each way. You are good to go, my friend!  Enjoy the city, it's da bomb! Thank you!  Thanks!

Also, do you know if a lot of people use it for Rams games? Not sure about the Rams specifically, but people absolutely use the Metro for Cards and Blues games. Yes, the will be busy for the Rams game. If you take the metro be sure that you validate your ticket after you buy it. I think, but not sure, the validating machine is a completely different one that the kiosk you buy it at.      

What are you in town for? I'm not sure if a lot of people use the Metro for Rams games, but the Convention Center has a station and is connected to the Edward Jones Dome. Seems like the excitement towards the Rams is higher than usual this year, but I doubt you'll have many crowding problems unless the Cards are playing. St. Louis is a baseball city, I don't know *anyone* in town who is a Rams fan. Going to the Rams/Packers game that day. Driving from Wisconsin to Chicago to fly down there, and back the same day. Beats driving down there (6.5 hours each way) and back. 