Hey guys! Visiting St. Louis for the first time next month! My husband and I are wanting to go to the zoo, a few museums, and places to eat with a hotel that's pretty central all those! Any recommendations? Thanks so much!

Edit: I kinda also feel that I should point out my husband is a paraplegic. Sometimes building or activities aren't for the wheelchair bound, so it could help to point that out. [deleted] As far as a hotel goes, I would recommend the Chase Park Plaza in the Central West End neighborhood (this will be more expensive, but I think it's worth it because of the location). 

The Chase is right next to Forest Park, which will provide you with easy access (walking distance) to (1) The beautiful Art Museum; (2) The Museum of Natural History; (3) The Zoo; and (4) The St. Louis Science Center. Most (if not all?) of these are free. 

Walking/running around Forest Park isn't bad either. 

I'm not a huge fan of the restaurants in the Central West End, but there are options for all kinds of food--Mexican, BBQ, Lebanese, Sushi, etc. Or you could take a short Uber ride to Pappy's BBQ, one of the best BBQ restaurants in the nation/world. And it's a short drive to The Hill, where you can find awesome Italian food. 

Other than that, I would highly recommend the City Museum (although this is downtown and costs for admission). It's the highest rated tourist attraction in St. Louis and it's an absolute blast, particularly if you go in the later hours of the night when there are no kids around. 

If the Cardinals are in town--and you have any interest in baseball whatsoever--I would recommend going to a game. My wife and I usually do the "First Pitch Tickets"--this is where you go to Busch Stadium between 9pm-12pm on game days and you can get two tickets randomly assigned in the stadium for $11.20. 

 The Art Museum in Forest Park is a must see - they have a large collection with almost any type of art you could want. They are open until 9 on Fridays.

I would skip the Missouri History Museum unless there is something specific you want to see there. I am a huge history fan but most of the exhibits there bore me. 

If you want something unique, the largest collection of dog themed art is in Queeny Park (20 min drive from Forest Park). This is the only thing I have listed that is not free, I believe it is about $6. 

There is also Bellefontaine Cemetery. Think botanical garden meets outdoor history museum. They offer a free bus tour on Saturday but you have to sign up ahead of time. 

The Basilica in Central West End is amazing. It looks like an old church you might see in Europe. Just check the Mass times online so you don't go touring during a service. 

As for hotels, I would go with Moonrise if you want to be near nightlife and Cheshire if you want something quieter. Both are right by Forest Park.  If you can leave your valuables out somewhere easily accessible it'll help us out a lot, thanks.
 Moonrise is a terrible recommendation, have you ever stayed there?  If you can deal with a slightly higher price, the Chase Park Plaza is a great option, as u/birdinals20 pointed out. It is an absolutely *gorgeous* hotel from the turn of the century and I love just driving by it. It's location is great for getting to Forest Park and the many attraction it holds, as well as quick access to highway 40 to take you further afield.

Regarding your edit, I feel most of the advice already offered is still applicable, you can easily, and casually, stroll through the CWE and the Chase's proximity to it (1 block away) means you wouldn't necessarily have to rent an Uber to get there.

Have fun and enjoy the city!
 >(2) The Museum of Natural History

It is NOT a Natural History museum (dead animals posed or displayed). It is a regular history museum, with exhibits related to specific historical things, called Missouri History Museum. 

And like someone else said, Cardinals first pitch tickets are 9 am to sell out (or 2 hours before game time).  Oh wow! Thank you! That sounds awesome.  you did a pm when you should have done a am on the ticket thing. That price though ;) Again, have you stayed at Moonrise, overpriced / bizarre [deleted] Bizarre and overpriced to you may be quirky, fun, and worth the location to others. Do you have another hotel in the area you'd recommend instead?  Didn't answer my question... [deleted] Rooms are goofy, and amenities really don't match price of hotel. I totally get that it's strange to stay in local hotels - but have wound up in a few for different reasons. Best experience in that price point (and usually cheaper) is the Chase.  Even for boutique hotels, the Moonrise is just "off"  it's what I would imagine if I were in a guest room at Joe's personally residence. Also creepy massage chairs in some suites.  