I am looking for a wheelchair van for a friend that was in a really bad car accident earlier this year... Like the title says my friend was in a car accident in January and is at least for now quadriplegic.  After 4 benefits this year and raising a ton of money for him he is looking to get a van so he can get around and get back to as normal a life as possible.  Just wondering if anyone know of any vans in the area he could get a decent deal on.  Looking to spend about 5 grand or less, and needs to have a ceiling 60" high and the lift needs to be able to lift about 650lbs because his motorized wheel chair is HEAVY.  It'd be really appreciated if anyone could help me out.   I'd contact the United Way and see how they can help. This is what they exist for and beg me money for at work every damn year around this time.

Then I'd buckle up for a ride, cause wheelchair vans ARE NOT CHEAP. They're incredibly, ridiculously, expensive. A good friend of mine just went through the process of finding a *reasonably* priced van for his father, who has recently become immobile. We were finding wheelchair-converted minivans that, had they not have the modifications, would be worth maybe $2,000, but modified were north of $15,000. And brand-new, something like a new Braun Entervan converted from a Toyota Sienna would retail around $75,000. I have no idea where the money is supposed to come from, because the numbers are completely insane.

Now that said, there is one avenue for a wheelchair-ready vehicle that is surprisingly inexpensive. If you are willing to go with a used shortbus, like what they use for special school districts and whatnot, they tend to go for amounts under $5,000. The shortbuses almost always have a wheelchair lift and wheelchair attachments to ensure the chair doesn't go flying about as the bus moves about. The downside is that they are quite large as personal vehicles go, they're also rather industrial in all qualities one can imagine, and require more specialized service than your typical local mechanic is prepared to offer. We're talking heavy duty drivetrain components and large diesel engines. Some of this stuff is sometimes shared with heavy duty passenger pickup trucks, so it's not like you're going to have to figure out where the 18-wheel truck drivers are having their rigs serviced, but expect repair costs to be higher than a minivan-based wheelchair accessible vehicle. I'd start with [United Access](http://www.unitedaccess.com), even if they don't have something in your price range they might know if it is even feasible. 