Reliable cab service downtown, fairly urgent help needed. Edit- got the cab, thanks /u/RobotR0b0t. I'd still appreciate if you could keep your eyes out for the 2000 Gold Honda Accord with a dent on the back bumper on the off chance Reddit can work a miracle. It isn't so much the car (we have insurance), but my son's toys and sweet ninja turtle backpack.

Yelp reviews of all of the cab companies are terrible, so I am asking for personal recommendations. My husband, myself, and my six year old have to be at the Amtrak station by 6:20 am tomorrow from a loft on Wash. Ave. 

We are currently stranded after my son's post-surgical appointment at Children's because some asshat stole our car. We're six hours from home and got train tickets for the morning and we HAVE to be there on time. We'd walk, but we have little duder in a wheelchair.

Also we filed a police report, but if you could keep your eye out for a 2000 Gold Honda Accord with Indiana plate #765GX with a dent on the passenger side bumper it would be greatly appreciated and probably do as much good as the police report. I hate this for you, I'm sorry your car was stolen, and extra sorry it happened during what is surely a very hard time in your family's life. I will certainly keep my eyes peeled.

As far as a cab, I would call all companies an hour before you actually need it (so 5 to get in the cab at 6) and say you need one in 30 minutes. I would be ready to go at 5:30, knowing none will probably actually get there at that time. Get in the first one that arrives, and don't answer your phone for the others, or do and say they were late and you found another way. Not the "right" thing to do probably, but you don't have wiggle room to be at the mercy of our dysfunctional cab system when using it the "right" way.   how far you from a metrolink station?  it goes to the amtrak station too.

I have no cab recommendation, but if cost isn't an issue maybe an uber black car would be more reliable?  bonus is that the train is rarely on time, and if you're going to Indiana via Chicago, expect to be late, it can easily take 6 hours to get to Chicago :/ When will St. Louis get Uber? I recently used [County/Yellow Cab](http://countycab.com/) to get to the airport for an early morning flight. I booked it online the evening before and the driver arrived 10 minutes early. No complaints. FYI, the Metrolink stop you will use if you take the light rail to get to Amtrak is Civic Center. (Some people assume Union Station.) Someone said the Metro isn't safe, like you're going to get robbed again. That isn't true. I don't like taking it late at night, but you should be perfectly fine early in the morning and with your family. I've taken the Metro to catch a 5 am train alone.

Otherwise, try booking a County and Yellow Cab now. Be prepared to pay through the nose. These are the times I wish we had UberX. Oops, it is an Accord. Thanks for catching that. Depending where you're at on Washington Ave the metro link train could also be an option. It has a stop at the AMTRAK station.  >a 2000 Gold Honda

What model? Like others have said, I'd just take metrolink. Our cab companies are unreliable dogshit.  good luck.

While you are at it, what kind of Honda? I use Laclede frequently. Yes, it's true that it often takes a long time to get a cab assigned, that there aren't enough cabs during peak hours, that they're often slow to arrive. All that said, they're almost always roughly on time when scheduled ahead of time (e.g. whenever I've needed them to get to the airport). Just call them now and schedule the pick-up.

Obviously this is just anecdotal, but I wouldn't worry too much about it. Where'd it get stolen?  This is the worst story I've heard all week. I'm so sorry this happened to you. Do not take Metrolink unless you want to be robbed again. Seriously I will get majorly downvoted for saying that but you need honesty. There are also PRIVATE car services here which are yes a little more costly but SO WORTH IT.  The Texas Eagle is often late since it's coming from elsewhere, but it looks like they were taking a Lincoln Service train. Those originate in St. Louis and are usually right on time (I only know because I was a minute late once and missed it). Thanks! We used them and we're here. I am glad I called to confirm because they had the wrong address. The driver ended up yelling at a dude at the station, but we made it here on time. Per the post, it's an Accord.

Unfortunately I have a feeling they'll find it shortly somewhere in north city. Can confirm, I've been robbed every time I step on the metrolink.

Seriously though, people aren't getting robbed on the metrolink at 630 in the morning. Your fears are a tad irrational.  What the hell are you talking about? OP, ignore this person, they are delusional. The Metrolink is not dangerous, this poster is just a crazy person. At that time of the morning there is like, zero chance of being robbed on the Metro.  It's almost all work commuters and the train is three quarters or more full.

However, from the Washington loft district they'd walk right past the nearest Metro station and into the Amtrak station behind it.  No need to take Metro at all unless they want to catch the Amtrak in Alton (which I prefer, actually, as it takes 45 minutes to go between the downtown station and Alton). He edited the post after my comment. Yarp, been riding it every day for five years. (I even get on at the welston station after work) I am sick to death of clueless Millenials saying how safe Metrolink is. That is not my personal experience nor is it the experience of literally everyone I know who has TRIED to ride Metrolink. Until & unless they allow lawful conceal & carry on Metrolink it is not safe. Doubly true when a couple has luggage and are MARKED as out of towners. I am not Irrational I am pragmatic. She was already ribbed once in STL I wasn't about to let it happen again to her on Metrolink  Wow, how many times have you been murdered? All of them? Hahaha. I live 5 minutes from a metro stop and use it everyday, but I'm the one who is clueless? Sorry, I think you have that one a little backwards. You sound like someone who has never used the metro. The worst thing that has ever happened was someone asked me for some change, and I wouldn't really consider that a mugging. Maybe you should just try convincing people to not come to St. Louis at all. about 6 in 7 days I get murdered. It's a bitch, but ya know.. Its par for the course when you ride metro every day! 