I need suggestions for fun things to do in St Louis that involve minimal walking Hey St. Louis!

My friend and I are taking a road trip that leads us into your city tomorrow through Saturday afternoon. We had plans to do things like City Museum, but at the last minute she really messed up her ankle, so we are needing to improvise.

Do you guys have any suggestions for fun things to do in or around the city that would help her keep off her feet? We could always do like, art museums or stuff like that, but I have to imagine there are fun things only locals might know of. Bonus points if they are nature-y.

Thank you guys! Early Saturday morning around 6:30 - 7:00 Lone Elk Park. 

You'll be nearly the only ones there at that time. Stay in the car and follow the main road. You'll see elk, bison, deer, geese, wild turkeys (& maybe a raccoon) from the car. The big mammals will become more scarce as the sun gets higher in the sky, but you'll still see a couple.
 
https://www.stlouisco.com/parksandrecreation/parkpages/loneelk Go to South Grand. Get something to eat and go get some gelato from Gelateria.  the Mo Botanical Garden has free wheelchair rental.  website only says you need a photo ID.  they also have a tram tour for an extra fee. The zoo is free! Yes free! I’m sure you can rent a wheelchair. 

Hard to do nature things without walking. 

River boat cruise or helicopter tour down on the arch grounds. 

Can she ride a bike?? Rent a limebike and ride around the arch grounds/Busch stadium area.  Apparently there's an elevator in the [Confluence Tower](http://www.confluencetower.com/). You can see where the Mississippi and Missouri River meet each other, which is kinda nature-y I guess? Grant's Farm is fun, but it's a bit outside the city. The first part involves a tram ride around, and there are many animals such as deer, goats, bison, and even some ostriches! The second part is kind of like a mini-zoo, and you will be able to rent a wheelchair.  Admission is free but you still have to pay for parking, and wheelchair rental is $5.

Here are the summer hours:
-CLOSED MONDAYS (Except Memorial Day May 28
-Tuesday - Saturday 9:00AM - 3:30PM
-Sunday 9:30AM - 3:30PM
-CLOSED August 27, 28, 29, 30 Breweries, BBQ.  We have some of the best strip clubs in the country. Something fun in the evening, with cheap booze in a cool dive bar:

https://www.facebook.com/events/182148535781099/ Excellent idea! Thank you so much for the suggestion! > We have some of the best strip clubs in the country.

Certainly the best for the money, anyway. 