Missouri Department of Conservation providing all-terrain wheelchairs for outdoor activities  That's awesome. The conservation department is one of the best things Missouri does.  I wonder if these  “action track chairs” are the ones Reddit uncovered a few months back as being very scammy and horribly engineered?   I can’t recall the thread. Might be nice to get a wheeltank for your loved one. They have used them for hunts and guided nature walks for a few years.  Ah, those handicap spots will finally make sense. Walmart shoppers armed with these forming an armored heavy column and taking over the state fair. i mean, its rare to see conservatives own up to the true meaning of being a conservative when it includes the environment and wildlife. I commend them for it.  I don't think so.  Those were from a company called Tank Chair.  [Here's a link to the Reddit post calling them out](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/885333/turns_out_tank_chair_guy_is_kinda_shady/).  

The ones mentioned in the article are called [Action Track Chair](http://actiontrackchair.com/about/), which appears to be a totally different company. I was thinking the same thing. I remember that.  Er, I'm not sure if you're being facetious or not, but there are many of us not in chairs who also use handicap spots? Panzerkampfrollstuhl. The latest issue of Missouri Conservationist sat on the back of our toilet throughout my entire childhood. Most of my family could be classified as politically conservative, but they cared a lot about taking care of nature and treated hunting and fishing and other outdoor activities with an almost religious reverence.

When I hear people mock hunters as idiots with a dumb exaggerated accent, or whatever, I always think, "all you're doing is confirming to me that you've never actually met any of the people you're mocking, because what you're doing doesn't resemble the folks I know, at all." I too can recognize roots in words and misuse them to make dumb political jokes We got a regular George Carlin over here I know a lot of conservatives that adore the environment and nature and many are hunters.... hey guys this nature things is cool and I hate republicans Thanks for the clarification! Yes, I was joking.  I'm not sure what qualifies, but as someone who doesn't know much about it, I assume it's just for handicaps that impact mobility, or people who need nearby spots because they can't walk far or comfortably. Given that understanding, you wouldn't expect to see a person who needs a handicap spot to even be capable of hiking. Regardless of wheelchair, no wheelchair. [deleted] 