Scenic Drives NW Tucson/Oro Valley, or accessible trails? Some family from upstate NY will be visiting Tucson this weekend, unfortunately one of them is wheelchair bound.  Could anyone recommend scenic drives or accessible trails in the Northwest area?  I thought Tohono Chul would be their best bet. At Saguaro National Park, there are loop drives you can do.  I have only done the one at Saguaro East, but it looks like there is a 6 mile drive at Saguaro West as well.  [Here's](http://www.nps.gov/sagu/planyourvisit/accessibility.htm) the info on park accessability.   Tohono Chul is your best bet for a trail.  You can meander through there for the better part of a morning or afternoon, all on wide paved trails.

The drive to Saguaro West visitor center over Gates Pass is of course stunning.  We love their video on the desert in the theater - great way for someone wheelchair-bound to experience it. At Saguaro Park West, off Kinney road, there is a paved "Discovery Loop Trail"  It's paved, has parking.  1/3 mile loop with info stops.  It's very pretty out there.  The visitor center is also w/c friendly with a nice slideshow.  There are paved pathways all over it.

If that is too west and not enough north, then Tohono Chul is nice. Catalina state park is nice too, but no paved trails, lots of roads though.   Catalina State Park. Entrance is on Oracle Road, north of Oro Valley. Catalina State Park. Entrance is on Oracle Road, north of Oro Valley. That's wonderful!  Thank you so much 😊 The Desert Museum is on the other side of Gates Pass too, and to my recollection it's pretty accessible.

My recommendation for a good 3/4 day or so would be drive to the Desert Museum via Gates Pass with a stop at one of the overlooks, spend a few hours at the museum, maybe check and see if there's any accessible trails in Saguaro West, then drive back to town via Picture Rocks Road a bit to the north which is also very scenic. That'll spit you out on Ina Rd which is convenient if you're in Oro Valley. There also is a wheelchair accessible trail at Saguaro National Park West. 