Anyone have a wheelchair to borrow for the weekend? My fiancee was diagnosed with arthritis today, and as part of it they gave her a shot in the knee (where her main joint problems are) and now it hurts for her to walk.  However, we had plans to go to Punk Rock Bowling all weekend, so I was wondering if any kind Vegas Redditers had a wheelchair she could borrow through monday.  We'd work extra hard to keep it safe while at the festival.  If anyone can help, we would truly appreciate it. 

EDIT: Thanks for the upvotes, the few people who upvoted.  We found a friend who's family has a spare they'll let us borrow. If the wheelchair you found doesn't pan out, you could likely call ahead to the hotel you're staying at (or the one where the event is) and they will likely be able to accommodate you. Ive heard that some hotels rent those scooter things for guests which may be easier to use than a regular wheelchair... just an idea. Did she get cortisone injections? Flamingo off-ramp from I-15, they don't really need that chair. What kind of arthritis does she have?  If she does not have a shellfish allergy, she can take glucosamine/chondroitin tablets.  (It's sourced from sea critters.)  Some kinds of arthritis actually responds to this stuff and those people get relief..

Tumeric can also help.  Normally it's used as a spice, but more recently it's been proven to be a natural anti-inflammatory.  You can get tumeric pills at places like Sunflower Market.

It doesn't really answer your question, but maybe it can help.  :) That would be a great idea, except we're locals and the events not at a hotel.  We'll remember that the next time the situation might come up, though, so thanks for that. Yep.  She only got it in one knee, but I think they'll do the other one in a few weeks. When I got my injection in my knee, they suggested I wait 24 hours and then carry on like normal, walking without a limp and all. The injections didn't work for me, but I hope they do good for her!! Enjoy your weekend! 