Help! Wheelchair Softball Team Tourist Info Ok, I've been reading the sidebar and you guys have some incredible resources, but I need some pretty specific help.

I coach a high school wheelchair softball team, and we are headed to Baltimore for a tournament at the end of the month. I added a day to our travel schedule so we could take the kids to see D.C. We will have one full day (Sunday). I was hoping to take the rail from BWI and spend the day at the National Mall seeing as much as possible. I'm assuming the rail will be wheelchair accessible, but I'm trying to find out if any particular attractions will not be? Anything to avoid? I know we will be covering a lot of distance, these kids are athletes, they can hang, I'm guessing we'll be pushing 4-5 miles. Is that a good guess? What about food? Are there restaurants in easy walking (pushing) distance from the mall? Would you recommend a specific order of how to see things?

TIA  It's not super popular and so is not often included on your typical one-day DC tour, but if you can, go to the FDR memorial. It's not only accessible, but was in fact designed with wheelchair users and other disabilities in mind (for obvious reasons). 4-5 miles will be your low end when it comes to how far you are going. Most of the Times when I travel, I average around 10 miles walking per day, so you may want to expect closer to that, especially if you will be checking out the museums. 

As for places to eat, most of the places right around the mall are all tourist traps. If you want the best food on the Mall, The Native American Museum is known for having the best food. It's not particularly cheap (~$16 for a burger and fries) but it's close and good. 

For dinner, places near Union Station/H St NE/ Chinatown are probably your best bet. If you are trying to get dinner near Union Station to catch the train back, I would go to the food court there or Nandos on H St. Those two are likely best for a group. You can check what elevators are out at the Metro (subway) at this link

https://www.wmata.com/service/elevators-escalators/Elevator-Escalator-Service-Status.cfm
 FDR memorial would be a great choice for a group of wheelchair-users in particular. deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5568  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/63340) Interesting question you pose.  Yes, Metro is wheelchair accessible and I presume the Marc train is too.  However, 9+ wheelchairs on one Metro train could present a problem.  I think each set of doors on a train opens up to a space that can accommodate 2 or more wheelchairs but I'm not sure you could cluster 9+ together very easily.  

Smithsonian Air and Space is the most popular museum in the US for a reason.  If you're only doing one do that one.  

WWII memorial is great and provides a great view of the mall.  

See if you can get tix to the capital building.  Write your congress person to describe what you're doing and they may be able to hook you up with a special tour.  

Recommended itinerary:

From union station walk/wheel to the capitol building on the mall side.  Take pics as necessary.  If you scored a tour do this now.  

From there, head in the direction of the Air and Space museum.  If it's time to eat stop into the Native American museum.  If not go into Air and Space.  

Go towards the Washington Monument.  Along the way you'll pass food trucks.  If you need to eat go ahead.  

Take pics at Washington monument.  

Proceed past the Washington monument to WWII memorial.  More pics.  Be respectful.  

Now you need to look at the time and make choices.  If you have a lot of time go to the vietnam memorial and the Lincoln monument.  If not, head to the white house. More pics.  

head back to union station.  Grab food at food ct there.   Others have answered the transportation questions pretty well, so I'll just say that sights on the National Mall are wheelchair friendly. The Lincoln and Jefferson memorials have a ton of stairs but there is also elevator access at both, though getting a large group up and down could take some time. The other monuments (Vietnam, Korea, MLK, FDR, Washington Monument) all have no stairs and will be fine. The WWII memorial has plenty of ramps. 

I usually don't recommend eating on the National Mall, but given your extremely tight timeline, I'd say either find a food truck near the Washington Monument that looks good or [Mitsitam Cafe](http://nmai.si.edu/visit/washington/mitsitam-cafe/) if you're willing to venture to that end of the Mall. Enjoy your trip!  Are you planning on taking Marc or Amtrak from Baltimore? Marc will have some space for wheelchairs, but I think mostly they operate double decker cars, which have 4 - 8 steps to get to either level. Amtrak would be a lot easier as they are one level. Might be worth a call to Marc to figure out if they will have single level cars for whichever train you're planning on taking.  This is anecdotal, but if you find yourself in a pinch, my coworker who uses a wheelchair said that the best way to get an accessible vehicle on demand is Uber. I did some quickly googling and there should be a separate uberWAV app for riders seeking accessible vehicles. 

Also, a pitch for the National Archives, which I believe is one of our cooler museums, but it depends on your group. High school kids may want something more ~fun~.  Also throwing in another pitch for the FDR memorial, esp. since you're traveling with wheelchair users. This. This is why I asked here. That is brilliant and I can't believe I hadn't thought of it. Should be very impactful. Thank you!  I liked the food at the near the Holocaust Museum. Not too expensive and tasted pretty good. It's a smaller cafe though and I think there's an elevator but it isn't that big. The cafe is on the outside of the museum on the western side.

~$6-8 for a philly, ~$3-4 fries (kinda like the costco fries), maybe $2.50 for a fountain soda This will be an incredibly valuable resource. Thank you!  Great recommendation. Thank you!  Just read it cover to cover, great info. Thank you!  We will use this as a template! Thanks a million.  Thank you!  I'll look in to Amtrak! Thanks for the heads up!  Great info. Thanks you guys!  Sorry this comment is coming in late, but if you decide to do a tour of the Capitol don't wait in the long lines that cue on the stairs down to the entrance. Instead wheel down the ramp and the guards will let your group in first. 

 