Good guy Metro driver Today at Rosslyn the Metro driver held the blue line train to Franconia-Springfield for an extra minute or so to allow more people on board the not-so-crowded train. Once we departed he announced "wanted to give some more people a good head start to work in the new year. Happy 2014!"

Made my morning, just wanted to share A nice switch from the usual "The platform and train is crowded. I will give 5 seconds for everyone to enter and leave the train... good luck." I wonder if that's related to my orange line train holding for a minute in the tunnel before going into Rosslyn. Good guy Metro driver: puts up with everyone constantly bitching about him trying to do his job since 1976. There are good and bad ones.

A few years back, I was trying to catch a train at National Airport after flying back into town after the holidays.  The driver sounded the chimes and I tried to run from the escalator to the waiting train.  I slipped on the platform and fell flat on my back, with both my bags nearly falling on the track.  The driver waited for me to get up and gave me plenty of time to get on the train.

Another time I was on a train and a fellow in a motorized wheelchair was having some trouble getting on board.  The driver closed the doors repeatedly on his wheelchair and then chided the guy over the PA for blocking the doors. Wow. That never happens. Awesome. It was a nice thought of the driver, but I find it hard to believe that he would deviate from his schedule. Was it the driver who always says, "It's a blue line train to Largo!"? I'd be willing to bet somewhere on that same train someone was seething about having to wait. That's refreshing.  All of my experiences with Metro & Metro Access have been pretty horrible.  I would find that guy & bake him cookies. Nice. I recently had a subway train conductor in NYC lean out of the window and see my friend and I running to the turnstile, trying to get through, then run onto the train with our suitcases - and he waited to shut the doors until we got on - not DC, but still felt so uplifting to see the train conductor do that, instead of just shut the doors and pull away.


Happy new years, thanks to people that make those extra little efforts to help other people out!  I love when my Isaac Hayes Redline driver is my morning train.  So much better than the bitchy unintelligible lady. 

And I'm sorry someone is blocking the doors.  Maybe if we weren't all sardined in here they'd close.  better than my commute this time, the driver cut off the boarding announcement and closed the doors right in my face.  hey cool we were on the same train...and i definitely needed that extra time. anybody remember the Orange Line guy who would always say "Have a pleasant day, and a lovely tomorrow"? This was mid to late 90's Way nicer than the Metrobus driver I had earlier who did not wait for the guy on crutches who was maybe ten feet away from the door. May the odds ever be in your favor. Freaking metro center... every damn time!  That always happens to my blue train and they always blame it on orange!  Dupont Circle departer here to say "bullshit," rather tired of the 3.2 seconds given to depart/embark each morning/afternoon. There can be surprising misalignments in level between the platform and the Metro floor.  One time I had to help a guy in a wheelchair get into the car because they were misaligned by 2-3" and he had no way of getting up it himself. It was probably just his way of spinning a mandated schedule adjustment [deleted] I like that guy.  Someone on the train was already running late Horrible compared to what? He has such a nice voice.  There's a bus driver who does mornings on the 42/43 who's super cheery like that. And then the UFC theme song plays.  They should change it from "Doors Closing" to this I like to imagine that all the different Metro conductors have rivalries with those that drive for different lines and won't let their children date each other scapegoating is a way of life Yeah, better this then sitting inside the tunnel for 3 minutes "an orange train is ahead of us. We will be moving shortly"  Yeah.  A nice way to do it, I think. most definitely - i applaud his positive spin on it, instead of the usual protocol to just be a dick about it like the other drivers haha That would be my guess as well, since I'm sure that if the train operator held the train that long without authorization, the folks at Central would have a fit.  This operator turned something that we would all grumble about ("We will be holding at this station for one additional minute.") into something awesome ("I want to help you start your year off on the right foot!"), and I wholeheartedly approve of that. Definitely. I don't even get how this is a good guy situation anyway. Trains at Rossyln are arriving and taking off what? Every 3 minutes?  Sorry.  That's just the way my brain works.  But I did spin it nicely, I think.  I could have just said, "Ha, was just a scheduled adjustment."  I said it was a nice (for everyone involved) way for the driver to spin it. He hit his snooze too many times, he was tempting fate Compared to a system that actually works.

I am a wheelchair user, and even though they say that their boards will tell you where there are non-working elevators, they always seem to be wrong.

Additionally, There are very few times when I have used metro rail where something did not go wrong with accessibility.

[Metro Access](http://www.wmata.com/accessibility/metroaccess_service/) is even worse.

* Their drivers are chronically late (I was 2 hours late for a 3 hour final in college because of them).

* The dispatchers are rude (I had one call my house & threaten me with physical violence because I argued with her)

* Their standards are unrealistic (one of their policies states that you can only modify "subscription service" once every 30 days.  What if I need to work late several days in a month's time?). And then the cannon sounds...and we all bow our heads for the fallen tributes. Hilarious - I will forever picture this I would have won the PowerBall, if you had not typed that. dang I had no idea there were such shortcomings with the accessibility standpoint. There's a blind guy who lives by me that rides every day and he has spoken of some frustrations (like if the driver doesn't announce the stop and he accidentally lost count), but yours sound much harder. I understand this, but do you have an example of a system where these aren't still issues? Saying that it should work is good, but is there anything that does? [Here's another perspective](http://unsuckdcmetro.blogspot.com/2012/03/if-you-think-metro-is-bad.html) from UnsuckMetro. When I was in New York City on vacation several years ago, their subway system worked every day.  I never experienced any of these issues. 