What's the deal with the disabled folks who sell candy at Metro stations? It started off with that one black dude in the wheelchair with some kind of palsy, but now it seems like there's more and more people, all with some variety of physical or mental disability slinging candy and sodas all over the place.  
  
Are they all just piggybacking off the first dude, or is there some underground network we don't yet know of? They sell candy for a premium price, you buy it. They make money. Who cares? Beats begging, that's for sure. At least they're providing a service.

Buy a coke from them next time you're thirsty. soda isn't good for me Well, I agree that it is better then just plain pan-handeling ... but they are not providing a *service*. They are providing goods for sale, specifically goods for human consumption, which requires a license in the city. It's a $500 fee, give or take a few bucks, and after obtaining the license, you must also collect sales tax on your sales. 

Currently, the city is only issuing new licenses to food trucks, but will reportedly return to issuing street vendor licenses shortly. 

In short, what they are doing is illegal, and outside of the purview of the public health department, which probably makes it a less then intelligent source for your food and beverage needs while walking around town. 

I'm a big fan of street vendors, hotdog stands and food trucks... the folks that operate the bigger stands around the National Mall have all been there for years and years. They've followed the rules, and don't deserve to be under-cut by a bunch of guys with coolers on the street corner. 

If you work along the mall... get to know your local vendors... they're typically pretty cool people who have seen a lot of interesting stuff go down over the years!  but I'll be damned if the masses don't still guzzle that shit right the fuck up. the real money is in sugar here in amurica.  They are providing a service. Do you think they are manufacturing cans or soda? They are providing the service of convenient soda.

That's not very important though. Thank you for providing a window into the sick, legalistic mindset that permeates this city.

If you don't like their service, don't use it.  have fun paying extra to eat dirty/old/poisoned candy.

at least you've managed to get self-righteous about it though. I don't *like* them and I don't *use* them... that was kinda the point of my post. 

It's interesting that you feel like it's "sick & legalistic" to suggest that someone vending food to the public, should be subject to certain rules and the odd health inspection once in a while. What exactly is your problem with the public health department licensing vendors? Unless you *are* an unlicensed vendor, I just don't see the benefit to defending their position. 

 Is it really *that* much more convenient and cheaper for you to buy a bottle of water from a guy with a cooler, then from a guy with a licensed hot-dog stand? 
 
 I'd be curious to know what business you are in... do you feel like *all* regulation / oversight of business is unnecessary, sick & legalistic... that business, restaurants & street vending should just be a free-for-all? To hell with public safety, collecting sales tax and following established rules of the trade? 





 Poisoned candy? Are you being serious? We're not talking about people from Goldman Sachs skipping out their public reporting requirements.

We're talking about disabled people who are unemployable in the formal sector making a few bucks selling packaged food and drinks. How can you say that erecting regulatory barriers to them providing themselves with a meager living is a legitimate use of government? Feel free to point me to the website dictating homeless candy vendor health regulations. Because, to the guy operating as a licensed vendor, following all of the rules and incurring the costs that go along with those rules... the guy on the street corner undercutting his business *IS* a big deal! 

Suggesting that it's *not* a big deal, just cause they are *only* making a few bucks selling food and drinks... is complete nonsense. Where do you draw the line? Who set's this threshold that you seem to have in your head for when the level of commerce taking place constitutes regulation? 

Under your line of reasoning, should the health department only inspect and regulate really expensive restaurants? Caveat emptor for the rest of us poor bastards that choose to eat at less expensive establishments?  Food poisoning be damned... they're only making a "few bucks" comparatively, so why bother making sure they are following the rules. 

Seriously, your argument for allowing unregulated, unlicensed and untaxed street vending... doesn't hold water. 

Suggesting that people with disabilities are "unemployable in the formal sector" makes just about the same amount of sense. The big bad government, would call that point of view discrimination... and yes, there are a whole mess of regulations surrounding that subject too. Feel free to call those "sick or legalistic" and see how many friends you make with that argument. 
  [DCRA](http://dc.gov/DC/DCRA/For+Business/Apply+for+a+Business+License/Retail+Food+License+Information/Get+a+Street+Vendor+A+License+-+Food) 
 This is the website that dictates the scope of regulations for ALL vending that takes place in public spaces, specifically items being vended for human consumption.  Health regulations probably play a small role in preventing murder. There is no legitimate health concern whatsoever with some guy selling coke and candy. 

Absent that, there is no need for regulation of any kind. You haven't made any case for cracking down on destitute, disabled people. Nice! I didn't realize the homeless had vending licenses. 