There are too many bus stops (Mini-Rant) I am sure I am not breaking any ground here - but due to Safetrack on the Red Line I have been taking the "L1/L2" line bus to and from work and there are just too many stops. I just do not understand why there needs to be a bus stop at Ellicott, Cumberland, Chesapeake, Brandywine, and Albermarle Streets. The distance between them is only 0.1 miles. Wouldn't it make sense to just eliminate every other stop? Not throughout the whole line, but where there is this obvious congestion, particularly Van Ness - Cleveland Park. I am sure other bus lines have similar issues. It would make commuting much faster and the bus a better alternative to getting around. /rant I've often thought the same on the H St NE routes. But then I see how much struggle it is for people with disabilities, walkers, canes, and wheelchairs to even board the bus, let alone go more than a few blocks, and I feel like a jerk. "We need to eliminate all these bus stops, my my own is off limits" -how this goes every time it gets tried.  Metro did a study of many bus lines last year to see if they could eliminate any stops. Stops at schools, churches, and community centers were off limits for cutting, but the rest were subject to be cut if they had both low boarding (relative to nearby stops) and were within something like 2 blocks of another stop. Eliminating stops is one tool that should only be used in conjunction with others. 

Eliminate stops but we should probably do it with bus lanes, signal priority, and stop redesign that includes level boarding and fare machines.  I totally agree. [Here's a good article](https://urbanedge.blogs.rice.edu/2016/08/16/a-year-after-redesign-metro-ridership-is-up/) about Houston's complete redesign of their bus network last year to make it much more efficient, even though it does serve fewer stops than it used to. Ridership is up so far! It's been especially good for their rail ridership, interestingly, though that's probably due to a combination of things. But I imagine more frequent and reliable bus service makes it easier to transfer to/from other modes without worrying about an excessive wait.

Of course, you have to be sensitive to people with mobility impairments that can't easily walk those extra blocks, but there are ways to ameliorate that. And, in general, transit-dependent populations are the ones that benefit the most from better bus service. For example, eliminating stops has allowed Houston METRO to run buses more frequently -- meaning that wait times at stops has decreased, which is good for everyone but especially those who have difficulty standing for long periods (and who might be waiting in heat, rain, etc.). [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2608 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/80082) I agree. There should be 2 stops. A stop in front of your house and a stop where you need to go.  Get used to it. That's how buses work. If you don't like it, take a cab or ride a bike. But we're not getting rid of needed stops just because some privileged guy finds it inconvenient to his commute  I used to ride the 30s. During rush hour, the 39 took the same amount of time as the 32/36 after you accounted for  the extra 5 minutes of walking time. 

Maybe that's not the right route to really test this hypothesis though.  I see your point, but basically it's because those stops are unnecessary until you have to use them.  What about disability/elderly only bus stops with a bus stop sign that lights up when pressed? I take the l2 also every day to and from work and I have often thought the same thing. No need for a bus stop you can see someone waving from. Maybe make every other bus an express bus that stops at limited stops? yes, but, adding bus stops is a cheap constituent service.

So Council Members do those...

The X2 has 3 stops within two blocks of each other. Condense down to one stop and i swear you could take 5 minutes off the run.
 Same with the stops in the middle of Wheaton. There are two pairs I can think of that have only one block between them.  The most tortuous bus journey is closing time in Chinatown, taking Georgia Ave North. Express or local, the bus is always packed to gills with restaurant and bar people getting off work, and people going home fro out on the town. You'll hit every single stop, and it takes over an hour to get to Maryland, which takes about half that during rush hour.

but at least it's a somewhat cheerful bus since half of it is shitfaced. And then there is the 42 going through Dupont Circle (at least way back in aught 9 when I last rode it): one stop at the north metro entrance, a second stop at the south entrance, and a third stop at Conn. and N. I take the L1 and L2 as well. Hey, bus buddy! Hello. Handicapped people.  We need to eliminate back to back buses on the same line going in the same direction after you have waited 45 minutes for a bus that was suppose to arrive in 10 minutes I'm talking to you D4 and D4 and X8 and X8 buses.

I think the drivers might be buddies and take their breaks together. WMATA is currently trying to eliminate spots on several routes and ANCs are fighting it tooth and nail whining about their poor seniors who will have to walk another 30 yards. Yet another reason to abolish the ANC. Agreed. Buses stop way too often. I wish there was a practical way to allow those with trouble walking to flag down a bus, while making everyone else walk to a centralized stop, but I realize there are logistical, privacy, etc. issues with that. I feel like H Street NE isn't *too* bad, especially not compared to the every block stops the L1/L2 does. What really rustles my jimmies is the stop at 6th NW followed by the stop at 7th NW... Why...?! 

Also there is a rush hour alternative with the X9. The L1 follows a slightly different route but has just as many stops as the L2 and is still a "rush hour" bus.  You can eliminate my own, I would only have to walk another 2 minutes, that is my point. So BRT everywhere?  I mean I'm all for that in major corridors it makes sense on but it won't work everywhere.  Plus all the damn Uber drivers like to sit in the damn bus stops... So is it your position that all bus routes as they are currently allotted in this city are perfect and could not be improved upon?  yeah it still does that. I ride it every day. The days I catch a 43 are good days because that at least goes under dupont and skips the shit-show. [MetroAccess](http://www.wmata.com/accessibility/metroaccess_service/) service for persons with disabilities offers pick-up and drop-off at specific locations, rather than designated stops, but it can be quite slow, especially during hi-volume travel times. It is also limited in resources, and would not be able to accommodate travel for every person with disabilities in the District/DMV. It is especially popular with blind and visually impaired people who may not be able to identify bus stop locations or routes they are unfamiliar with. Works fine for those who can walk - less so for those who struggle. I mean, you'd think we could go From L1/L2 to L1 thru L1/L2/L3/L4, where L1 and L3 run the same route except skip every other stop, maybe every ~10 stops they stop at the same one (or at like Metro stations) - that way you'd speed up the transportation of people while less affecting those who have no other choice but to take the bus - for physical reasons. No those things can be done to speed up regular buses without the need for BRT. 

BRT is a specifically designed system that is much more self contained with special branding/vehicles along with bigger stations and other things.

 Nope. We need even more stops!  Isn't Metro thinking about partnering with TNCs (i.e. Uber/Lift) for a service to supplement MetroAccess? Maybe the new administration will work to expand disability access, especially in the capital! Oh, oh no. It won't. Isn't that why WMATA has those special vans for people who need extra assistance? No need to slow down 50 people in a bus for the occasional person who can't walk a few blocks. By WMATA route naming conventions, that would be an L9 as express lines that skip stops end in 9 (39, 79, S9, etc.) so people know what they're getting on even if they aren't familiar with every single route. That is a very good idea. Yes, they are. [Here's an article about it.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/dr-gridlock/wp/2016/07/20/metro-moving-forward-with-plan-to-use-uber-lyft-for-paratransit-services/) The plan is to start using TNCs in spring of next year. Most people can't fit a wheelchair in their prius I was just about to say that they should give an uber/Lyft subsidy. Glad they are thinking progressively! MetroAccess is only for people who are prevented from using rail or bus (I'll generalize and say mostly people confined to wheelchairs).

There are plenty of people who aren't in wheelchairs who would find it a struggle to walk an extra 2-4 blocks.  Metroaccess is not reliable. Just thank god or whoever that you are not dependent on it. You want to eliminate stops? then why not walk beyond them to save yourself that precious 5 or 10 minutes a day. TIL To further it, though this could be challenging to document (but could be doable) - adjust it based on time.  At 10pm the bus isn't stopping at every stop so only one route is perfectly fine, but 730am?  Yes needs far more skips. Yeah, that's definitely a concern. Any contract will have to spell out requirements for an appropriate number of wheelchair-accessible vehicles to be available. But not every disabled person requires a wheelchair, either.

But Uber/Lyft/etc. are technology companies at heart. The software works with any vehicle, including ADA-accessible vans. My understanding is that MetroAccess would just use this technology to schedule trips more efficiently than their current phone-based system. "supplement" is the key word there - not everyone can fit a wheelchair in a Prius but not everyone who needs assistance traveling (which MetroAccess covers) needs a fully loaded and ADA complainant lifter van.  The more we can tailor it for the actual need the better we can fulfill the function of moving people. People who are able to get around in wheelchairs can ride the metro and bus. Here are the rules per WMATA:

>To be eligible for MetroAccess service, you must:

>Have a disability as defined by the ADA

>AND

>Be unable, as a result of your disability, to utilize fixed-route transportation such as Metrobus and Metrorail,

>OR

>Need to use a ramp or wheelchair lift to board or exit a public transit vehicle, but an accessible public transit vehicle is not being used at the time, date, and on the route you would travel. (All Metrobuses are wheelchair accessible.)

>OR

>Be unable to travel to or from a bus stop or rail station due to a disability.

So, reducing the number of bus stops would probably drive up MetroAccess use due to the last point - more people would be unable to get to the closest bus stop.
 I know a lady who just a little knee pain and take metro access... she can walk just fine...  That's a great point that I hadn't thought of, just using the app's technology to organize the already available MetroAccess vans/cars. That makes a ton of sense. I did not mean to imply that people in wheelchairs cannot use Metro or Bus, but rather MetroAccess users tend to be in wheelchairs.

Given that you have to schedule things up to 30 minutes in advance plus the potential stigma of a mostly-abled, but slower person being considered disabled would not drive up MetroAccess use.  I went to an event featuring the CEO of Bridj last year where he talked about a lot of cool stuff like that. For example, right now there's a pilot in Kansas City where the local metro leases a fleet of vans and staffs them with their own (union) drivers, but uses Bridj to book and complete trips. I think that's going to be far more common going forward, especially to help serve areas where rail or even rapid bus service would be overkill.

Uber and Lyft and TNCs in general self-identify as "tech" rather than "transportation" -- in part to seem cooler, in part to justify why their drivers are "independent contractors" and not employees, but in the end there is truth to it. 