Hamilton tix: How to get "cheaper" legit seats ($10/49/149+), including for those with mobility disabilities Following up on yesterday's popular post, I wanted to add information from my friend to help interested folks, especially those with mobility disabilities, try for affordable tix to Hamilton:


- Craigslist/Stubhub: Lots of scams. If you want to try it, offer to meet them at the Kennedy Center to confirm the tix or use PayPal or pay via Stubhub. If you pay for a Stubhub tix outside of the Stubhub tix, then Stubhub will not help you if it's a fake tix.  (If you meet at the KC, you aren't allowed to exchange money within the center). Many scammers request Venmo or Zelle but DON'T as those firms will *not* refund any fake tix.


- EDIT: E-tix vs physical: According to a comment below, e-tix could be scams.  I bought my tix directly from the Kennedy Center Box Office and got a physical tix.


- $10 - Enter in the free lottery daily using the app "Hamilton-the Official App" on iPhone/Android or web (https://www.luckyseat.com/hamilton-washington/).  (You're only allowed 1 entry per person from any method so if you enter multiple times you risk having them all thrown out.)


- $49 - IF a show is sold-out, then the Kennedy Center will offer 20 $49 Standing-Only tix for same day show(s). BUT, the show can be sold-out, and then become "un-sold out" within the same day, so do this option **only if you have time.** Sometimes, people can wait and not get any tix. Most people arrive 1-3.5 hours before showtime, stand in the line, and wait but no guarantees. First come, first served.  Yesterday, the show was sold-out, then un-sold-out with 6 new tix, and then sold 5, and then 1 person in the Standing Room line bought the last tix. Then, the show was sold-out. And THEN, the Kennedy Center released 20 $49 Standing Room tix. (If that person hadn't bought the last tix, then no one would have gotten any $49 Standing Room tix). Each person can buy 1-2 tix for $49 each. For only 1-2 people with mobility disabilities or in wheelchairs, they have a physical seat(s). For the disability, they ask what type to ensure they give you the right space (ie, wheelchair, cane or something else).


- $149-$625+ - About 9am, the Center will reduce prices any remaining same-day tix (and perhaps throughout the day). Additionally, it has tix that aren't always available online, especially for physically disabled patrons. Please call them directly at 202-467-4600.


Here is the Kennedy Center website: http://www.kennedy-center.org/calendar/event/TSTSE I love you.  So THAT is why so many people were standing last night!! Has anyone won the lottery yet, or know someone who has?  I've entered every day, no luck yet :( For the lottery, you have to go each day and enter correct? Is there a time we need to enter by each morning? I’d like to add a bit about disabled seating, because I have to deal with it a lot. It does vary from theatre to theatre, but if you need special seating (wheelchair, room for service dog etc) it always pays to call the theatre well in advance to ask about seating arrangements and ticket purchasing protocol. 

Sometimes seats will be reserved, other times it’s first come first served. Most places will sell the tickets at the door that night if they haven’t been sold out beforehand. 

It should t have to be said, but for in demand tickets like Hamilton, there will absolutely be able bodied people taking advantage of this. Even at regular movie theaters with assigned seating I’ve had to kick people out of the accesible seating because they “wanted more room”.  Sorry, but this is literally the only place I can sit. 

It’s fine to grab the seats if they’re put on sale at the door, and it’s super tempting when you see available and (relatively) cheap seats when shopping online, but disabled people want to see Hamilton too. 

 To follow up on stubhub - the Kennedy center is only issuing physical tickets.  I saw lots of listings on stubhub for electronic tickets, which are almost certainly a scam.  We sold our extra tickets through Stubhub about a month in advance of the show and made enough to cover both the KC fees and the stubhub fees, plus a little extra for our parking and cocktails.  We sent our physical tickets via fedex.  So it's definitely risky, but not impossible. I have a ticket to Thursdays's show that I got in a subscription deal with the National Theater - but my friend ended up getting the lottery in NYC - So I've already seen it! 

So now I'm looking to sell my ticket for Thursday (7/12) for $300 (face value) for Orchestra seating Row DD. If anyone is interested - let me know! I put it on StubHub, but it didn't sell :(

It's such a good show, but I don't really *need* to see it twice.  Currently have two tix to the July 26th show on stubhub. Willing to sell on here using PayPal/Venmo and eliminate the outrageous fees for both parties. Will meet in person.  I live locally in the Old Town area. Message me if interested.  Do you work for the Kennedy center or the play? right back at ya!  Paying it forward and others on this subreddit share their knowledge for other cool events too. :) Do whatever you can to see it. It was an absolutely incredible show. One of the most beautiful stories I've ever seen. I took my mom as a mother's day gift. She's gone to the theater monthly for the past 30 years and said it's the best she's ever seen. As an FYI, Stubhub pretty much doesn't have scams (and will get you other tickets and/or refund you if you are scammed).  Their tickets are generally overpriced though.  Craigslist does have scams, although it sometimes has fairly priced real tickets (not that often though). Yes! The guy I’m seeing won on opening night and we went. Second row! I have friends of friends who've won.  It's going to be challenging as lots of people who aren't even local are playing it... Entered every single day and nothing so far. Nope, I have won other shows in nyc so it is possible but obviously hamilton is gonna be super duper tough. It is totally worth finding a way to go even if you have to go alone or stand or literally anything. I went alone a few weeks ago though I bought during the normal sale and I want to see it again sooooo bad.  It’s by 9am, and the new lottery opens at 11am if you don’t win. Download the app and you’ll get notifications.  Do you have an iPhone? Their app reminds me you to enter each day (and tells you that you haven’t won. Ever.) Thanks for adding this comment and sharing your experience.  With my mobility disability, I don't really go out because it's a lot of effort/pain, so I have limited information.  


Totally agree about calling in advance - that's been helpful.  Sad and disappointed to hear that others could take these seats, not fair as we need these seats.  When I went to the KC, the theater did their best to ensure able-bodied folks didn't take the disabled seats which I appreciated. Thanks - I added an edit to include this info.  When I spoke to StubHub, it sounds like they could have had e-tickets, but who knows. What price are you asking? I'd be interested.  Neither but wish I could.  They don't seem to want someone who's able to sing off-key. :)  


In general, I love the Kennedy Center and shows, and have lots of friends who found this helpful so wanted to share the information. FWIW, the Stubhub scam is when the buyer asks you to not pay via Stubhub.  


That happened to me - someone claimed to be selling a ticket on Stubhub and wanted payment on Zelle.  


Just in case, I tried to add a clarifying note in my post. Let me know if I can tweak to improve it. I've seen it myself, it was amazing!  My 8yo loves the soundtrack and I was hoping to win the lottery to bring her.  (plus I want to see it again too)

Still have a few months left, I'll just keep entering and crossing my fingers... How easy/hard is it to schlep up to NYC at the last minute to see a show? I imagine day shows are probably easier, but the night shows you'd also have to book a last minute hotel in addition to bussing or Amtraking it up there?  I hope she gets to go!  Its not too bad! I take megabus, always see a Saturday matinee. One time the bus got stuck in the tunnel and I had to run to the theater but I made it. Its totally worth it if you love broadway, and not having to get a hotel lets me spend that money on tickets to shows instead. I always get the 9 am bus out of DC and the 7 pm bus back. Its a long day, but for the shows it is usually worth it (and not having to wait for a tour, and getting to see the OBC, def worth it). Obviously it's important to check the run time of your show though lol. But yes its not too bad and it is fun! Amtrak would probably be even easier than the bus, but the bus is so much cheaper.  That is awesome! Sounds like you have a good system. I think I'm going to enter the NYC lotteries and if I win, do what you're doing.  yes!! my people!! haha. I also always grab a piece of pizza on my way into the show and walk and eat and then a hot dog on my way back to the bus. its truly the best.  