Hey guys, I made an (hopefully) ADHD friendly cook book! Hello! So, as part of procrastination for my ecology exam tomorrow, I made a [blog](https://adhdcookbook.wordpress.com/) with some recipes that I find easy to do on low effort days. It is still a bit rough around the edges - All the images are stock etc. 

I was wondering if you could take a look through and let me know if it is something you would like to see more of? 
I will not spam the sub, don't worry. It is just something I thought might be helpful for those struggling to eat days. 

 So far it is pretty much all dinner stuff but I guess if you could let me know what you think of the: 

- Overall format 
- Recipes 
- Recipe layout (easy to read / follow / useful having times there) 
- General idea for having tips/tricks to making cooking less of a pain and the current ones there. 

And any other suggestions or ideas, really. 

tl;dr: noticed meal stuff comes up occasionally so complied a group of easy meals into a blog. Many more to come, but am done for today. 

I hope you enjoy and of course - it is okay if it is not your thing! Absolutely love it! I have always regarded cooking as a chore not worth the taste in the end (mind ends up wandering into the "what else could I be doing?" realm). My staple is oatmeal, rice and beans, and the occasional smoothie. I will certainly see if these fit within my schedule. Thanks! Hi, I just had a quick look as I am supposed to be working. But, the format looks great! Super cheerful design with short and clear instructions! Thanks for sharing it... I will most definitely try out some of the recipes!  Amazing idea! Bookmarked and will keep following closely = ) Thanks for taking the time to look through it, really means a lot! 

Know the feel. For me I hated cooking, especially as it used to take me so long to figure out what to have! 

Definitely recommend couscous with stuff as it is so quick to do and low effort, too! 

Thanks again and I hope you enjoy : -) Thank you so much for checking it out! : ) 

Glad you like the format, worked hard to make sure it was clear enough to follow. 

I hope you enjoy them : ) I have recently updated with quite a few new recipes. If there are any ingredients/types of food you are keen on, feel free to let me know and I will create something that will hopefully be to your liking! 
 Ahh thank you, I hope you enjoy and I will update as much as possible! 

Though this morning is exam time so probably after that haha Maybe add some more breakfast meals? I like your idea of a  fast meal, and I think that is really important for a lot of us.  Thanks for the update! So many things I want to try = )

I would love to see some homemade soup recipes if you have any, I used to do one with pasta, but unfortunately I will have to cut pasta out of my diet = (

also, I would love to see a daily menu with some of the recipes you add to the site (like a nice combo of breakfast+lunch+dinner) Thanks for the tip, will do. I have a good selection of breakfast meals in rotation so I will set up a section for breakfast stuff soon. 

Real good idea : ) My newfound love is my breakfast avocado and egg sandwich! The eggs can be boiled for the entire week on sunday, so it's really quick and tasty. A sprincle of salt and pepper and maybe some hot sauce. Lots of calories, so it keeps me going almost all day. I have now added a few more breakfast meals as well as a few snacky meals and dinners.  I have now added 4 soup recipes as well as some vegetarian dinners which may also suit your diet  : )

 I certainly have some good soup recipes that I will try to put up this afternoon or maybe this morning.

The daily menu is definitely something I am working on, I just need to get some more lunch recipes up and I'll set up some daily and weekly menus. They will be tasty and designed to incorporate similar ingredients to keep costs and time down at the supermarket. 

Thank you once again for such thoughtful feedback! And if gluten is the issue with pasta, I can work on soem gluten free recipes as well (my mother is celiac so can use some of her recipes!)  That sounds absolutely delicious! 

Would you mind if I added it in? Of course, credit will go to you!  Not only do I love these creative ideas, I really like the international take on the meals. Was going to suggest separate tabs for meals for ease of navigation, but you're already ahead of me! Keep it up. Going to try the avocado and egg in the morning! Thank you! I was checking the soup recipes yesterday! I can't wait to try that mushroom and chicken soup = )

And several other recipes as well! Way to go, this site is really turning into something amazing!

Not trying to add more stuff to your pile, but if I could give another suggestion maybe for the future, you could try to do video tutorials as well.

I'm really trying not to give you much more trouble, is just a suggestion that IF you could I think it would be great. 

I really do appreciate your work, so I can't help to stop thinking of even more ways to show your amazing work to more people (and also to help myself, I'm somewhat better at listening/watching stuff than reading). Trying to put no pressure but your work is looking so amazing *_* That will be amazing! Thank you so much = )

So far I'm still unsure on what I really can or can't eat because my psychiatric just said to "avoid sugar and white flour or similar products" because I'm with high triglycerides, but he didn't gave too much details and neither asked me to try to look for an expert now because he thinks my mental state needs to be more stable before we start messing with the physical.

So we are trying to kinda "improvise" with this notion. So far we replaced normal bread for wheat bread, removed pasta, using very little sugar (just on morning coffee basically), and trying to avoid fried stuff (but still eating a lot of grilled chicken breast, because is my favorite meat, and were I live is cheap, and I don't eat fish). No, go ahead :) Thanks for such positive feedback! Hope you enjoy the egg and avocado! 

I am intolerant to garlic/onions so have had to come up with different ways of cooking to make it interesting and going international with it seems to work quite well! 

I have final uni exam tomorrow but after that I have four months off until uni starts again - plenty of recipes to come! Hey thanks for the feedback and that is one yummu soup and I don't normally like soup so that is saying something! My mum taught me how to make that one and it just is so creamy. The carrots add nice texture but if you don't like em just add more mushrooms! 

That is a really good idea, I will look into ways of videoing or at least audio recording the recipes. Though it would be good to have a visual aspect I agree. (As long as people don't mind my ugly mug on the screen!) 

I really appreciate suggestions that will help people engage with the content  and you have come up with some fantastic ones! Never feel bad about adding too much on, it just keeps it interesting! No worries, happy to help! And I hope things all work out soon : ) 

Well, I will work on some grilled chicken recipes that avoid floury things for you!  Today I have added some quiches, a frittata, a beef stew and some salads. The quiches would work well without the base (just cook in an oven dish) to avoid flour and served with a salad would work quite nicely. Hope they would be okay to eat for you. The salads are a combination of some leafy ones and some not leafy ones. 

I have got some stuff to do now but later on I will add some grilled chicken recipes : ) Thank you so much! : ) Thanks a lot! You are doing an amazing work! I really appreciate that!
Will definitely check it out later = )

 No worries, I will try not to spam you with updates but I will let you know when I have some more recipes suited to you up : ) 

Thank you so much, it feels very rewarding to find such positive feedback! 