Medication frustration: med interactions Hey all, long time lurker! This is long, and apologies for formatting, I'm on mobile. I'd love any advice or suggestions. 

I was diagnosed with type 1 three years ago. I was extremely resistant to diagnosis initially, and took a year to actually begin trying medication. Stigma is wack. 

Enter adderall ER: I'm a fully functional human being! Despite some roadblocks with anxiety, my dose is fairly consistent, I'm now able to work and begin my pre-med track. This lasts until fairly recently. 

Over the past 5 months I have been researching like mad trying to understand why my tolerance is so high. For two years my dose of 15 ER morning, 5ER lunch, and 5IR if needed after 5 was perfect. I ensured I was not mistaking productivity for a stimulant high. I switched to Vyvanse which worked initially but within a week my dose had tripled. When I moved two months ago I switched back to adderall, this time with significantly higher doses. 

Started taking 45mg total a day, which is the max dose for my height and weight. The increased dose brought about new high BP and terrrrible tachycardia of like, 115 resting throughout the day. I'd constantly have to re-up as my dose would only work for about two hours. I became so frustrated I called my dad last week who is an MD. I'm so fortunate I have this resource, and I spoke with a colleague of his the next day. 

Turns out, a new medication I'm taking is causing my adderall to metabolize faster. My psych did not realize this because the medication is so new and it's an injection which typically does not pop up on the interactions interface in her system.

 I'm so thankful this isn't a tolerance/addiction issue, but now I'm in a tough spot: the medication is dupixent, a new IL-4 inhibitor for severe eczema. I'm already exceeded the life time dose of steroids for my skin, and the FDA approval of this drug coincided with the end of my 2-year cycle on immunosuppressants. My eczema is so severe it lands me in the hospital, and this drug has been LIFE CHANGING. But...so has the adderall. 

Spoke with my psych who suggested we try concerta. This is a very strict no-fun allowed woman I've seen for 10 years. Upon asking the next step if concerta did not work she replies "You're fucked." Amazing. 

I'm seriously considering stopping my dupixent because of this. In addition to school I work as a scribe in an emergency department and I miss crucial charting information without my adderall. I just cannot do anything without it. For once in my life I'm living on my own, supporting myself, with two jobs on track for the job I've always wanted. This is all because of my ADHD diagnosis and medication. I'm truly terrified. 

TL;DR: Adderall works great, started new med that increases the metabolization of stimulants. Need the new medication as much as I need adderall.  Not ideal, but if all else fails could you try Strattera or one of the other 2nd line medications?  I've tried strattera & wellbutrin before with no success. I will def try them but I am not very optimistic :( 