Developing a paper planner. For folks that use planners, do you prefer daily, weekly or monthly types? Hi peoples!

I know a lot of us need planners and are kind of obsessed here. It's clear to me that traditional planners are lacking in a variety of features that we need! I've been developing this planner for a while, but am finally at the point where I need to start deciding on some layouts. 

Just curious (for the people here that use paper planners) what works best for them - daily, weekly or monthly layouts and would love to know why as well! 

Thanks in advance for any advice you can give! [deleted] I use monthly and weekly. Having a month view helps me plan short term and long term to see how close things are cuz sometimes they creep up on me. Then I need daily planners for details of events and to do lists and daily task planning.  Eta, sorry this is so long, I just really have a lot of wishful thinking about one day being able to use a planner like a normal person. 

My most frequently checked planner is weekly, with 15 minute increments. I have a paper one, and it's also how I keep my Outlook calendar. In addition to that, I need a lot of space for daily to-dos and notes. I keep those in a separate Steno pad/notebook, because I don't have to refer back to it days later. I do not make good use of my monthly calendar, probably because I still struggle with planning ahead/"chunking" tasks. Typing this out makes me feel like it should have been more obvious to me that I have ADHD. :/ I swear my life is not as much of a mess as it sounds. I just can't handle time. 

An ideal planner for me would probably be weekly/monthly and each day would have an approximate work-day with 15-minute increments (probably 7:00 to 6:00), with space above or below to list daily goals/to-dos. It would probably come with "DID YOU EAT" and "CHECK MONTHLY EVENTS" pre-scheduled at reasonable intervals (but in a light color, so I can write over it when I have a lunch meeting). It would probably have a 7th/8th column for weekly todos (ooh, maybe at the beginning of the week instead of the end where I never look, I currently write over Sat/Sun for this). It might have a blank spread between weeks for additional weeks? I don't know if that would be enough, and it might just be distracting. The monthly view would probably have lines on each day so that I write nearly and can list more than one thing. The format I use has monthly, weekly and daily. I honestly need all 3 to be able to get everything done: monthly for big appointments or bills, weekly for tasks that I need to make sure get done and other odds and ends, daily so that I can take all of that info and plan my day along with all of the minutiae that doesn't make it to weekly/monthly.  I need the monthly on two pages and the weekly on two pages, preferably in a4 format, and preferably with the weekly going vertical and in 15 min or 30 min increments. I have used a hobonichi but I find that I do not use the daily pages anywhere near as much as the rest so I can easily do without them. If they made the hobonichi in A4 or even B5 I would probably just stick with it and try to do some basic 5 minute journaling on the daily pages.  Tee hee hee....

I love you're description of the "now vs. not now" phenomenon. I personally identify 100% with that! 

Really appreciate your info. :) Thanks so much for your response! It seems like a lot of people are using both. Appreciate your input!  None of us can handle time, which is why we need better planners!

Thanks for your comments!! They are very helpful and right on track with some of the things I'm already working on! :) Thanks! Seems like a lot of people need more than just one option. :) 