Grocery shopping is the worst I step into the store and everything is so bright and loud, there are people everywhere and for some reason they change the store layout every few months, so I can't even keep track of what's where. It's a haze of things calling for my attention and me getting distracted by every other 'on sale' item. I don't remember picking this up, maybe I should put it back? I don't remember where I got it though. Okay, I *know* I shouldn't buy this, but... then comes along the secret boss: the salesperson trying to get me to buy something from her section. [social anxiety intensifies] No, I'm not interested, lady, I came here to buy stuff, not to interact with people. I feel a little guilty for getting away from her as fast as I can, but what the hell, I don't owe her anything. Ugh, I can't find the thing that I want, but I don't want to bother anyone. Never mind, it's not that important. Waiting at the checkout. It's boooooriiiiiing. Oooh, there's candy bars- no, bad, I'm on a budget. Shit, did I bring my wa- yes, I did, phew. Pay for stuff. Get back home- and realize halfway that I forgot to buy the thing I actually wanted to by. The worst for me is when I’m prepared and make a list of meals to cook and buy everything I need then the idea of actually cooking is awful so I just eat cereal I've started doing my food shopping online and it's SO much easier.

I can add things to my basket throughout the week as they occur to me and my shopping gets delivered on Saturday, in time for me to spend Sunday cooking for the week ahead. I don't have to organise myself into actually getting ready and going to the shop at a time that fits in with my other plans, or spend ages wandering around the shop getting confused by the choice and distracted by things I don't need.

I used some clubcard vouchers for a slight discount so the monthly delivery subscription costs me just over a fiver - there're cheaper options too, or you can pay per delivery. I'm spending less on delivery than I'd otherwise spend per month on stupid impulse buys so it works for me.  I spend like 3+ hours in the grocery store every time. It drives me insane.

Especially now that I'm trying keto I have to look at Every label until I get more familiar. 

It's like Wow I bet I can have that! Nope......
Nope... Nope....

K I'll just not eat.

K fine I'll have fish!  I have to strategically plan when I go to the grocery store or I get too overwhelmed. I’m lucky enough to work from home so am able to go do my shopping on weekday mornings. I have found Monday and Tuesday mornings to be the best time to go to Costco or target. All the other stores are great if I go before the school’s start to let out for the day, which I try to do because then traffic turns into a nightmare.  Lists are your friend. 

I can’t go into stores for too long because overwhelms me and my brain zaps out.

Thank you, Amazon Fresh and InstaCart!  Yup :((

Some stores do quite hours: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5099615/Coles-roll-quiet-hour-help-shoppers-autism.html Please all the other stores copy this!

Don't overthink putting the "sale" items back and not interacting with sales people - you indeed don't owe them anything, a polite "no thank you" is great.

As much as possible, try coming with a list and sticking to it. To combat decision fatigue, set up simple rules, like "only items from the list" or "only one splurge item allowed". I Finally outsourced this task to a friend. It has really improved my quality of life and my eating habits I do this all the time.... I’ve had a pack of chorizo sausage, precooked, in the fridge that has been there for a week. My intent was to make some Mexican dishes over the weekend whilst my parents were out of town, instead, I just went and got Taco’s at my favorite taco joint (not Taco Bell) the two days they were gone for dinner.  THIS. It’s wonderful. I used to do Peapod but moved over to Amazon Fresh (wouldn’t mind going back to Peapod fwiw). 