Android app for getting through daily routines, such as Sloth for Apple? I'm looking for an app that I can use to set up a list of activities for my son's morning and evening routines, which gives him a set amount of time to complete each task and then goes on to the next one. I have read on here of the app Sloth, but that is only available for Apple products and I run an Android household. All the timer apps and to-do apps that I can find are not set up to have a list of multiple tasks that countdown a set time for each one. "Smart Timer" is the app you want.  It lets you create multiple chains of timers.  The user interface is a little clunky but it works like a charm. Habitica does what you want without the timer function, but you can specify when it needs to be completed by. The gamification aspect may hold appeal for someone younger. 
30:30 is a great one for spacing out tasks and breaks, but you would have to get your head around the interface to log a long list of tasks, plus it is more a countdown timer than "complete this task by" app. 
Either one, or a blend of both, could be useful though

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.habitrpg.android.habitica&hl=en

http://3030.binaryhammer.com/ - Seems like it is iOS only but there are copycat versions on Android.
 Check out TheFabulous as well. It's pretty feminine in design, but I've been using it for months and find it very helpful. It lets you set up "Rituals" several times a day with tasks that can be timed, and sends you motivational letters about why drinking water/making your bed/cleaning your room leads to higher productivity and happiness :)

PS: how old is your son? Our son is 8 and we've been using Brili after hearing about it on an ADHD podcast. It's user friendly and has a nice interface. There are pre-loaded routines (morning, afternoon, and night) that you can customize. You also have the option of creating your own entirely. 

He can see what task he is on and there is a waning linear visual to indicate how much time he has left for a given task. There is an audio warning when time for the particular task is nearly up. Once he's completed a task, he swipes left to begin the next task. After he's been through the succession of tasks, he gets a 'good job' message that lets him know that he's earned a reward (tv time, reading time, game time etc are preloaded options, but you can also customize your own). Since you set the allotted times, it'll also tell the child when reward time is up & that it's time to move on (to leave for school, go to bed, or whatever).

It's 8.99 on iOS but it's been worth it. It's So helpful that I've even thought about using it for myself : ) Thank you! Thank you! Thanks! I will check that out.

He's 7. Thanks! I will see if there is an Android version. I'd be keen to know how it goes. I've recommended a few things IRL to people lately and I'm intrigued with whether they have the same results (Others were Lumosity and Brain.fm - for other reasons)  Ah, yes, I will report back. I installed Habitica and one other suggested on this thread, and because I am stellar at focus and following through, I have not yet used either. I will implement them starting tomorrow, one in the morning and one at night, maybe, to test them out. My son has been using Habitica for his morning routine, and while it does help him remember all that he has to do, it doesn't incentivize him to do anything quickly; it actually takes up additional time for him to go back and forth to the phone to check off tasks, and then he often checks out the rewards and fiddles with the app rather than moving right on to the next thing. So I may have to remove the app if he can't figure out to move quickly along with remembering everything to do, but maybe after the newness of it wears off he will pick up the pace. 