Advice for someone who can't afford to be properly tested? Hi all. I hope this isn't a wall of text. I've never posted to reddit before and the layout is a little confusing to me. 

I'm currently a college student. When I was in grade school, the school counselor recommended to my parents that I be tested for ADD, however my parents didn't want me to be tested because they didn't believe I had ADD and they distrust prescription medication. But this is still causing me a lot of problems in school. I've never been able to focus. I've never been able to pay attention in class. I can barely hold a conversation because I'm always going in and out. My memory seems to be getting foggier and foggier, and my friends are getting annoyed. I feel like I always have to move. I'm currently taking a 3 hour lecture class, and I always leave really early because I can't bare to just sit still and listen to the professor. I feel like my grades are suffering because of it. 

I finally went to see a school counselor about it, who recommended me to a psychologist. I took some assessment tests, and the psychologist told me there was a high likelihood that I have ADHD. She recommended I see a specialist at the school's testing center for the official diagnosis and to take more tests. However, my university's testing center has recently closed itself to new people and won't be allowing new patients anymore. The psychologist then recommended several testing centers in the area who accept Blue Cross (my health insurance). However, it would only cover about 20% of the costs, leaving me to pay almost $1,000 out of pocket, which I simply can't afford. 

I haven't bothered asking my parents because they still don't believe I have a real problem, and they definitely wouldn't allow me to be medicated. And even if they supported me the price would still be pretty high for them. So basically what I'm asking for is any advice you could give me. Like little tricks that have helped you concentrate, or maybe some book suggestions that are particularly beneficial. 
Thanks!

 One thing that seems to help a lot of people, and has helped me in the past is physical exercise, specifically cardio. Things like running and biking and swimming release endorphins which can mimic some of the effects of medication and help your concentration. And it's obviously healthy besides that!
Daily meditation also seems to help some people, though I've never tried it.
**I'm not an expert by any means so don't take this as fact** Apparently nicotine can also help concentration. I don't recommend smoking but I have read of nicotine patches helping people.

There are a number of different medications used for treatment of ADHD. Those that have gone generic are probably gonna be a lot cheaper, might be worth looking into. Yep I refused to pay $2200 for my assessment. My family doctor/physician insisted I see a psychologist but that costs money, so I made it clear he has to be the one to figure this out. He was reluctant, but kept seeing me monthly and eventually we go it down to ADHD, after a few other misdiagnoses.

Do you have a family doctor? that is free? (not sure where you live) but a family doctor can diagnose and prescribe meds for you.

Have you tried caffeine? learn to use it to your benefit. Learn how it works and how it affects you, it can help you concentrate but will also ruin you when you hit withdrawal (which is several hours later).

My doc originally diagnosed me with major depression and that meant I could apply for disability services. Which I did and turns out there are a number of government grants/bursaries for students with permanent disabilities of which mental health is one. Well I recently joined a gym so I'll try to get a regular routine going, and hopefully that will help! I'll look into the nicotine patches and see if there are any decent generic medications out  I do have a family doctor, but my college is far from my home so I don't see him often. I could probably ask him to recommend a doctor that practices around my college town though. I'll probably do that and hopefully they can help. I didn't even know regular doctors could diagnosis mental things. 
I've tried caffeine but it usually makes me really nauseous so I avoid it. I've been thinking about slowly drinking more of it though. I do have a disability service at my school so if I get a diagnosis then they should be useful. Thanks! It sounds like you're American, so things might be different than in Canada, but I'm fairly certain that Concerta has gone generic recently. According to my doctor, the generic's extended release doesn't function quite as well for whatever reason, but it's probably gonna be a looooot cheaper.
[This book](http://www.amazon.com/Driven-Distraction-Revised-Recognizing-Attention/dp/0307743152/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1381282379&sr=8-1&keywords=driven+to+distraction) is also a really good read. Written by two doctors who have ADHD themselves.  I believe the generic concerta is coming to the US next year so I will keep an eye on that. And that book looks good, I'll give it a read thanks! 