Can tinkering be a symptom of ADHD? I know that not finishing projects is a part of ADHD, but I'm wondering if tinkering falls under this umbrella. Basically what I mean is constantly making small improvements and edits to a project even when it's "good enough" and you should just let it be.

I can't find any research or articles specifically relating to tinkering and ADHD, so I was wondering if this is related or not.

***

*ts;ne (too short, need example):*

My brain is obsessed with systems and rules. When I wrote papers for school. I'd constantly tweak the grammar, substitute words, and make other minor edits right up to the last minute. Also I was obsessed with tweaking the typography and layout. When I was coding, I'd constantly make changes to syntax, rename variables, over-optimize, etc. Even right now I'm trying to lose weight, and I find myself making non-functional changes to my weight tracking spreadsheet instead of doing more important tasks. (I just went through all the formulae and changed a bunch of relative references to absolute with no functional change.) I'm wondering if this could possibly related to ADHD. Sounds like it, yeah. I do the same thing.

There's nothing wrong with doing this and - truth be told - a lot of "ADHD behaviors" are perfectly okay. Accept that this is how your brain works, and tinker on. Thanks. I'm looking for a diagnosis after years and years of lack of focus. I was high functioning as a child (great grades in school, graduated college), and I think this is one of the reasons why. I'm trying to figure out why I can't seem to concentrate or focus or keep my mind from wandering no matter how badly I want to.

e.g. I literally have to keep repeating in my head, "your wife is talking to you, you need to pay attention!" sometimes, and then I still forget what she said ... but now I'm getting off topic. While I agree with your premise that it is not abnormal to do this with ADHD because I am the same way, I don't think your suggestion to just accept it is very constructive.

Letting this habit get out of hand will likely manifest itself as perfectionism. This is a term that most people don't take as seriously as they should and would probably be in their best interest to understand how perfectionism might affect their lives.

Yes, over-engineering something may be fun, but you need to know when good enough is good enough, especially if you want to meet deadlines.

> Why Does ADHD Perfectionism Occur?

> In his book, More Attention, Less Deficit, Psychologist Ari Tuckman says this drive to do things perfectly is often overcompensation for the inner fear many ADHD adults have of not doing things well enough.

> After all which of us has never been told to ‘just try harder’? Many ADHD adults feel like failures. Dr. Tuckman says perfectionists take it to the level of trying to prove their worth by being perfect. Often they’re not trying to prove their worth to others but to themselves.
[Source](http://danarayburn.com/adhd-perfectionism-trap/) Oh, I do that with my wife, and it infuriates her. I've read that ADHDers are lousy at relationships.

I wish you good luck. I was also high functioning. Because I'm successful at my job and had earned a PhD from a decent university, everyone thought I couldn't possibly have ADHD. It wasn't easy to get a diagnosis. You may need to shop around a few psychiatrists and neurologists before you find someone who can help you.  Thanks, this definitely sounds like me. Between procrastination and perfectionism, I never finish anything early. You're right - I can accept that! Perfectionism isn't necessarily good.

If someone tinkers at work and hurts their performance or threatens their job, that's not good. (Funny, I keep troubleshooting that sentence for subject/pronoun agreement. Technically, under new MLA rules it's okay. But it's so awkward.)

However, if someone tinkers for enjoyment, I think that's cool.

Whatever an ADHDer does, he or she shouldn't feel bad about it. Deal with it, work on it, do what you have to. But don't let it make you feel bad about yourself. Many great inventions have come about because of tinkerers like us. Thanks. Luckily my wife is pretty sympathetic since her sister has ADHD. Even then we never considered it... just thought it was anxiety/depression... but when she looked down the list of symptoms, it was pretty obvious to her. Hopefully a doctor feels the same way. I've been making a list the past few days of very specific problems so (a) I don't forget when I go in for a diagnosis Monday and (b) hopefully I don't get accused of faking it or drug seeking since I have so many specific examples.

Even my teacher/mentor asked me outright once "do you have ADD?" but I took it as an insult since it was so personal. Now looking back I think he's right. I wrote him about seeking treatment recently after yet another miserable failure, and he told me that he 100% supported what I was doing and thinks it's an important step.

My big worry is that it's going to take 6 months to see a decent in-network shrink. (I'm required to have a walk-in eval first where "no drugs will be prescribed.") The staff psychs for my HMO (who I'm sure I could see sooner) have TERRIBLE HealthGrades ratings. I could get an appointment soon with an NP somewhere else, but my HMO won't cover NPs. I hate my HMO.

It's hard not to be anxious/depressed when you have been treading water for 5 years, watching your peers zoom past you, even though you've been putting in plenty of hard work. 