Feel like schedule/bullet journal micro-managing my life? I've been trying (for years) to figure out a way to stay on top of goals, projects, and responsibilities. I've kept a schedule book for several years because I completely forget work/class schedule/appointments if I do not. I've been trying the bullet journal, but when I copy other people's bullet journal layouts I feel like I'm micro-managing my life? Does anyone ever feel restricted by schedules and the like? I can't tell if this is my ADHD making me restless and frustrated, or if it's just me. 

Do I really need to keep track of everything I eat, my water intake, my mood every day, my sleep pattern, etc? The bullet journal people I follow on Youtube seem to track everything and that overwhelms me! Is this a good habit or will forcing myself to do this be negative? Is it possible to get by with ADHD without mapping out every day by the minute? My biggest challenge is that I have two part-time jobs with varying schedules. I can't just block out my week or month with a set-in-stone schedule because I have no idea what my work schedule will be. I'm trying to become a full-time freelance artist so I can make my own schedule and be my own boss...but that will take time. Should I try routine based scheduling? Why do BuJo folks track everything? Am I missing something? haha Any bullet journal layouts that have worked for you? 

I know I'm asking a lot of questions, just trying to figure out what other like-minded folks do to keep on top of things. Thanks. 

Background Note: I've tried hour to hour schedule for every day, didn't follow it. I've tried google calendar, I ignored the notifications or forgot them. I have a history of disordered eating, so tracking food again makes me nervous. 

Funny ADHD Moment: I spent hours researching the history of schedules, almanacs, dairies, and then dived into the invention of calendars and all the different types. A whole day of useless trivia information! Yay!  I'm keeping a bullet journal myself and at first I also tried to go with the habit trackers and all the bells and whistles, and seriously I just couldn't keep it up because I forgot to put stuff in or I got frustrated because I didn't do the things and then what I put it was so little it made me sad. 
So how I do it now is: 
I have one day in the week (usually Sunday or monday) where I draw up just a frame for the next week or the next two week and as soon as I know my work schedule I put it in. 
Then on the beginning of a month I have the monthly overview where I also put my appointments for doctors. 

Then I got a few lists for random things like financial wants for the year or movies I wanted to watch. 

The good thing about the system is that you can abandon what doesn't work and continue in a different manner, and I found it's easiest to go with the simplest design first. 

TL;DR: I feel habit trackers are stupid and keeping it simple and trying things until you found what's best for you is the best thing about the Bullet Journal.  I started doing this in February and use my bulletjournal to make a weekly overview of my month and to make lists/write down important things on my mind. 

On my weekly pages, I have 7 small boxes for my daily appointments. Then I make three bigger boxes for my to-do's at home, for school and one named other which contains things like sending emails or texts and other small stuff I might forget. On the page next to that I make 7 bigger boxes in which I actually plan my to-do's on certain days. 

My lists run throughout the journal and vary from what books I wanna read this year to what I have to do for my essays and assignments.

I don't always stick to my planning but so far, it does make me more productive. If I decide I can't focus on a certain essay on monday, I might pick something from tuesday to finish "early." Procrastination is still a thing, but I'm more on top of things this way and less likely to forget or put off forever. 

For me, making it look nice is what got me to stick with it until now. I've gotten way more minimalistic with my drawing over the last few months, but having an artistic outlet got me to like spending time on planning for the first time in my life. 

It's all about what you want from your journal - it doesn't need to be pretty, you don't need to track all the things. Try stuff, see what works for you and abandon everything that doesn't! 

How to ADHD on youtube has some tips on how to get started in a minimalistic way if you haven't seen those already!  Thanks for the input. Yeah, you're right. I don't need to do something just because others are doing it. I keep telling myself it's an experiment so I don't feel so much pressure. I like your one/two week approach. 

I totally need to make a movie list! Thanks for the input. I like the small box ideas. I have found that putting a little bit of art in it makes me more likely to use it then when I had boring day planners.  