Bullet Journal... Experience in using this? Looking for anyone with any experience in using this journal system. Does it help? Details pls. Thank you. It helps because EVERYTHING is in one journal. The problem for me came when the journal got full and suddenly I had to start a new one. Half of the stuff I needed to access was not available, and I wasn't going to carry two journals. (The transfer process would have been hours and hours.)

Now I use a Staples ARC system (so I can take papers in and out) with a bullet system method. I started one and have been using it for a while.

Pros:

It seems like a good way of keeping track of all the little things that I would normally forget - future appointments, plans, events, etc. It's all there, if you remember to write it down. It also helps that you can personalise it to make it interesting - using colours and symbols and stuff.

Cons:

It's kinda confusing to set up - especially if you have difficulty with sequencing and following instructions. Also, sometimes you forget to write things down - you have to have it with you at all times to jot things down for it to be effective.

You have to get into a habit of checking it at least once every night and once every morning. 
Also, bring it with you to work or school, so you can check it to make sure you've finished all the tasks before you leave. I have one as well. I like it a lot! When i remember to use it, i almost never forget anything. I love having a place to write down the things i need to do that ISN'T a sticky note. I've tried other systems before but this one works well for me. I moved from a paper calendar and sticky notes to one journal and an online calendar. I only forget things these days when i don't look at my journal. Also, i find it's super helpful to write things down so they're out of my head - i don't spend all day trying to remind myself to feed my frog when i get home in case i forget. I just write it down and know i'll see it later!

The only problem i have is that i have trouble starting tasks still, so sometimes things move from week to week to week... that gets old. But if i have to re-write it, it must be important so it must not be forgotten.

The r/bulletjournal sub is small, but it's a great resource. Thanks for the input. I was going to set one up in my notepad but I'm not sure if I'm better getting a proper Journal to set it up in.  There have been some suggestions in the bullet journal sub that you should start one in whatever you have handy. Don't worry about getting a NICE notebook or being fancy until you know what layouts and processes work for you. I've gone through at least 3 layouts in my first notebook and i'm kinda glad i didn't spring for a super nice book. The thing is I need new shiny things to keep me compelled to do it. If I half ass stuff I tend to dislike it no matter what. I can pick up a cheap journal for cheap I'm just gonna hold off on making it for a couple of days but like the concept of it. I can understand, but i didn't find the bullet journal to be one of things i HAD to have shiny and new. I actually "borrowed" a small notebook from work for my first because it fit nicely in my purse. Good luck! What I meant was my notebook is halfway through so I would only be left with not a lot of pages to use.  