Not being able to start work, no matter how much you want to. How do people deal with this? It's like pulling teeth. I'll stress so bad about bot doing something and think about it every second yet can't force myself to do it.

I wasn't always like this. I used to just do things the night before with no problem. I don't know what's changed. I can't remember the last time I handed a paper in on time. I used to have a 4.0 GPA but now my grades are ruined because of it.

Does anyone else experience this? Do you know if this is accosiated with ADHD? I had one meeting with a physiatrist who said I had ADHD but never followed up. I'm a female and the older I get the more I think she was right. :/ One of the first things I do when I feel stuck like this at work is put on my headphones and crank up some music. Somehow that usually gets me going. I try to think of more unpleasant things to do as alternatives which grudgingly force me back into what I need to get done.

This got me through a really awful edit request this week that butchered my pitch paper at work.  So no, it never really goes away. > I used to have a 4.0 GPA  
> I used to just do things the night before with no problem  

So you are both smart and have high expectations to yourself and the work you turn in.  
I suspect you may have gotten to the point in your studies where you can no longer hold everything in your head at the same time. Normally you can answer all questions, do the analysis, and figure out how to communicate it to your professor all in one work session. Now your knowledge is too vast, the questions are too complicated and have to many components so you can't see the answers to the question in your mind (usually you would have an outline of / idea about the answers from the get go), and even if you have all the answers there's too much material to visualise in your mind how you are going to put it down in your hand-in.  
I don't know if you have ADHD but either way you can use the ADHD tool set to deal with this. Plan multiple sessions over multiple days where you will work on this project / hand-in. Do not write down exactly how much you will accomplish in each. This is unknown. That's okay. Do the overall layout of what you will hand in. What are the components? Do the overall layout of each component. Do the overall layout of each sub-component. Work your way down to paragraphs. Then sentences. If it's a written work.  
The thing about planned sessions: You just start. And then you stop when time is up. You just follow the rules day after day.  

Personally I have to write almost everything by hand. Otherwise my anxiety about writing things right in the first go kicks in something awful and I shut down. At some point I'll have a lot of pages. And crossed out things, and question marks, and strings like synonym1/synonym2/synonym3 because I couldn't find the right word at the time but I moved on with the text.  
Entering it into the computer is just writing up what past me wrote and editing it on the fly. Sometimes little editing and sometimes a lot. Usually I'll stop writing at some point without being done, write what I have up nice, and then go back to writing on paper for the last bits.  

I hope some of this helps you and I really feel for you.  

And yes, if you suspect ADHD then consult a professional but the techniques are more worth than the drugs. From your description it could also be stress / burnout or anxiety. If you're at college there should be an academic support office? Someone who can listen, ask you to try out specific techniques, listen again. Important to see someone like that more than once.  I can’t speak for you on if you have adhd - go see a dr that specializes in it. Get a second opinion too. Lots of other reasons for procrastination... but that obsessive thinking / internal struggle to start tasks is a hallmark of adhd.

For me, there’s no question this is adhd related. And it’s gotten worse over time. I believe it’s partly a conditioned response I’ve developed over a lifetime of struggling to get shit done. 

Lots of great tips in this sub to trick yourself out of procrastinating though... even if you don’t have it. You should definitely follow up. 

You could break down the process of starting the activity. For example your list could be. 

Sit at my desk. 

Pull out my laptop 

Open files. 

You get the idea, maybe reward yourself at each step.  It's definitely ADHD. 

 If you can't get that follow-up scheduled for before you need to get the work done, you can go do something physical before working on this stuff. 
 
Running, climbing, playing handball, or shooting hoops with someone will help get that excess energy out and reconnect you with the present moment.

 You can also get a treadmill desk or bike pedals that go under the table.

Edit: format Call that psychiatrist or another ADHD specialising psychiatrist in your area.  If you go see a psych again to follow up on your ADHD conversation and get diagnosed, remember that ADHD is something that you have since childhood.    
  
So, when you're talking about your grades, focus on the symptoms you used to have and how they've got worse over time - it's common for ADHD symptoms to get worse as you grow up. If you make it seem like you used to have no problems at all and now you're struggling, they'll probably think it's something else like depression or anxiety.es, Executive function disorder, look it up. Also watch the Barkley lectures, it explains a lot.  Yep I experiance the same and believe it is Adhd related. Me too. I use binaural beats music from YouTube. Search ADHD binaural beats and there's loads of great stuff. No lyrics so I don't get distracted.  It's not definitely ADHD. OP used to have a 4.0 - it could be depression or anxiety, the symptoms of which can mimic those of ADHD. You're absolutely right! I was sleepy and when I read the part about not being able to get started that resonated with me and I immediately assumed we were the same.

 Fortunately my solution works for anxiety and depression too. Exercise is great for depression and anxiety is released through physical exertion satisfying the fight or flight urge.
 Yes, exercise ameliorates a wide variety of problems!

 