Passion Planner: Plan your dreams for the year http://www.passionplanner.com/

I stumbled upon this the other day and it looks really useful. It helps you map out short and long term dreams and then plan for them step-by-step. I'll admit that I have yet to do it myself (surprise, surprise), but I'll get around to it (hopefully).

You can download it for free and print it out or buy a copy I think. Be warned, if you print it out it's hundreds of pages long, although we are 5 months into the year, so it won't be quite that long.

A few features that look interesting so far: yearly layout, monthly layout, weekly layout to really help you map out your plans. 

Reflections and notes, so you can look back and realize where you screwed up or had success. Prioritizing instead of doing the urgent.

It also emphasizes that most people fail at goal-setting because it's so abstract.

I plan on printing it out and using it for the summer to get some projects done. Let me know if it works for you or if any of you have found a way to tweak it and make it work even better.

Hopefully it will help someone out. This probably works well for people whose dreams and life plans don't change every week or so. I have one of these! I'm not sure how much it satisfies me more than the typical planner, but as far as quality planners go it's top of the line, so you can't lose. Interesting! Going to check this out later 
/adhd I use it and love it! The problem I have always had with planners is that I start using them and get bored and stop, but with this one, I actually use it because It's fun. I highly recommend it.  I have one and I like it but it's not always helpful.  I make goals for myself to do something at a certain time and then I don't do it and I get really discouraged.  It starts a chain reaction of me not doing anything because I already ruined it by not doing one thing.  It's a terrible way to think but I can't seem to get past it!

Edit: forgot to mention that I really like the monthly summary section where you put three things you've learned and three ways to improve next month (and more) It helps me see that sometimes I actually do follow through with things!  Day by day here. Today some groceries and a lot of laundry were achieved.  I know someone who recently started using this. She said it turned her life around. I haven't given it a try yet, but her recommendation has a lot of weight with me. It'll probably help me with this impending apartment move, actually.. Hm..  I bought one and filled out the first page and then forgot to fill out the rest :\. Keep notes they said, it will help they said 😝 I have one. I always forget to fill out the extra bits. So I really should have just bought a plain day planner haha.  I just plan ridiculous amounts of travel, thankfully my bf helps me make it happen Do you feel like it helps? I mean, do you actually make some progress on what you want to get done? 