Where did my ADHD put my laundromat card? Lately I reorganized my room (moved furniture around and stuff...) and I remember how I found a genius place to keep my laundromat card so them I always have it handy when laundry day comes. I remember how I  was sure this new placement will help me remember where the card is. But in reality I have no idea where I put it! I only remember the fact that i found a place for it but went through all the possible places and I can’t find the card! 

Why do I blame my adhd? Because it always keeps me from writing stuff down like a simple note to tell me where the card is or what me Netflix password is. I always trust my memory and never learn the lesson of keeping track of where I put stuff. Why else I blame my adhd? Because it always makes me rearrange and change things around the apt. I changes the layout of my furniture at least 5 times in the past 8 months I live here. 

It is mainly a frustration venting post but, 
any tips to force myself to learn the lesson?  Yes. We can blame our condition for causing certain problems. However, we must also recognize that we only have ourselves to blame if we don't try to mitigate our problems. 

Buy an organizer, or get some tupperware and some labels/ a sharpie. Put this organizer in clear view of your door. Here's the vital part. Don't put it in clear view of your door on the way out, but **put the organizer in clear view of your door from the perspective of coming home.** Put keys wallet etc in/near the organizer as soon as you come home. When you go to remove cards or sort things it so follows that you'd be doing this activity beside the organizer! Put the discarded items in a container adjacent, boom, no more lost laundry cards! The "Hey Siri" feature on my phone has been SUCH a lifesaver, honestly. 

&#x200B;

If I'm actually on my phone, I would never choose to use Siri.. I'd rather just type whatever I'm doing than argue with a robot that keeps mis-hearing what I'm trying to say.

&#x200B;

But if I'm cooking, cleaning, honestly if I'm doing anything that doesn't involve holding my phone in my hand, I will totally fuck up and forget to put something in my calendar, or add whatever to the grocery list, or make a note about paying that bill, or forget to check the oven in 15 minutes.

&#x200B;

It's soooo  easy to say "Hey Siri can you set a timer for 10 minutes" "Hey Siri can you add something to my calendar - dentist appointment on October 15th at 8AM" "Hey siri can you make a note that says 'add concealer to the grocery list' thank you" when I'd usually just completely forget. I'm pretty sure you can just say things like 'remind me to do THIS in THIS MANY MINUTES' and she'll title the alarm or whatever. It's really great and saves me from forgetting SOOO many things. Of course! This was more of a frustration post but no doubt I am the one to blame. 

Thank you for the tips!  Great advice!! For some reason I only used Siri to tell me the time and weather and to call people but taking down notes is a great used to Siri and can be a life changer! Awesome!! 