Any ADD-friendly house cleaning "program" suggestions? Hey guys. I'm looking for some sort of organized approach or program to help me get my messy house back in order. I tried flylady.net and like the baby-step approach, but good Lord, the amount of daily emails are insane and the website layout is a mess.  Does anyone know of a good alternative? Free is ideal, but I'd pay for books or a website membership if it is worth it. Thanks! 

Edit: ok, I'm loving UFYH. Thank you everyone for all your helpful suggestions! 
 I made a chore chart in an excel spread sheet. It has things that need to be done every day (ie dishes, take out trash) and stuff that can be done less frequently (ie laundry, clean bathroom, pay bills) spread out through the week. I fit 2 weeks at a time on a page and print out a bunch of copies at once so I have backups when it runs out. I tweak it fairly frequently.  Konmari is all the rage in other subreddits I frequent. I forget the title of the book, but it's written by Marie Kondo. Reduce stuff. That's all I've got as far  as what makes the greatest impact...., everything else proves to have limited and inconsistent results due to user error. Cleaning the house clockwise from one starting point to another with music playing. Even if you don't finish tidying each day, the first few locations get so neat that you start to have some spaces you are proud of. It motivates you to get to the other spaces. After failing flylady for the reasons you mentioned, its the only thing that works. On weekends, I do a deeper clean of each area, dusting, wiping, vacuuming, whatever. :)  my roommates have been really supportive in getting me motivated to do tasks. we switch up who is assigned to which task weekly, and we keep a chart of what has been done/what hasn't/when. it's just a piece of paper on the fridge, so no one can avoid it.  I used to use Todoist.com

But I started to keep forgetting to use it, and now I don't use anything.

I started recently to get medication for the first time, I might return to using todoist and seeing if it helps. http://www.unfuckyourhabitat.com is great for motivation, tips, and checklists. I've always been fond of Flylady, but you're right. The emails can be overwhelming, and the website is designed by someone who may just have ADHD!

What I took from her though, was the following:
1. Each room has a "kitchen sink" that needs to be maintained to encourage the overall tidiness of the room. (e.g. the bed in your bedroom, the coffee table in your family room)

2. Cleaning for just 15 minutes, and ONLY 15 minutes, can make a big difference without letting you fall into a marathon of cleaning.

3. Knowing what's for dinner well before dinner time, really reduces anxiety and keeps you on budget.

4. Scheduling a specific, small chore, for each day really helps maintain my sanity and the tidiness of the house. (I clean out the refrigerator on "Trash Night" so that all the old food goes out with the garbage.)

5. Get rid of it if a) you don't need it b) you don't want it c) it doesn't make you smile Unfilth your habitat

It's an app for smartphones that challenges you to clean your house a little bit at s time.

The F part is substituted for f*ck in the app. But I guess you can't name an app with a cuss word on that Apple App Store...

Check it out I liked Flylady on a conceptual level but the emails and program also drove me nuts.  But she is one of the few people that gets the big idea that turning things around starts with small, easy actions and gradually building those little things into habits and routines. 

But if we ADHD types were good at sticking to formulaic programs like Flylady, we'd probably already have gotten our mess under control.  We'd have worked out a chore chart and stuck to it or something.  But at least for me, this is not the way I operate. 

It took me YEARS to figure out how to get things in order and 99% of the things I read or was told to do by others were either not particularly helpful or actually set me back in one way or another.  I think you should be careful about following any advice from people who are "naturally" neat and organized.  Unless the advice comes from someone that was "naturally" a slob and turned it around, I think you should disregard it. 

The #1 thing that turned things around for me was to recognize how much attention and focus were the heart of my problem.  I call it being "clutter blind."  

So let's say I'm drinking a cup of coffee and my kid calls me over to tie his shoe.  I put the coffee cup down, tie the shoe, then pack his lunch box or whatever. 

And I've forgotten all about the coffee cup.  I can walk by that coffee cup 1000 times and not really "see" it.  Because my attention is just plain elsewhere.  

If I see it, I can dump the cold coffee out and put it in the dishwasher.  Easy, right?  But if I don't see it, that easy task is practically impossible.  Because without noticing the cup, I never think "oh, I need to put that in the dishwasher."

And then there are the hundreds of other little coffee cup type things that I've left behind me like Gretel and her breadcrumbs.  And before long I have a big, overwhelming looking mess that looks dreadful to have to tackle. 

But when I recognized this was my main issue, I started turning things around.  I took a very simple approach:  As often as possible, look around, find one thing that's out of place, and put it where it goes. 

And that turns dealing with what looks like a "hard" problem of a big mess into a simple one.  Look around.  See the coffee cup.  Put in dishwasher.  And, if you feel like it, look again for something else. Repeat as often as you can.

Challenge #2 is that I'd do this eagerly for some period of time...until I got distracted again.  Once again, my attention would be elsewhere.  I'd not see the coffee cup AND I'd forget to stop during the day and look for stuff. 

So I began to look for ways to "trigger" myself to tune back in and look around for things.  

"Tacking" this to pre-existing habits helped me a lot.  As an example,  I was already in the habit of brushing my teeth twice a day.  So I began practicing putting away a couple of things on the bathroom counter right after I finished brushing my teeth.  

I also began practicing doing certain things at certain times of day.  Spending a few minutes picking up between dinner and bedtime. Run the dishwasher every night and unload while the coffee brews in the morning.  Pick one thing like that, practice doing it every day, and if you forget here and there, just notice that you forgot, don't make a big deal of it, and try to remember it the next time.  Add more as you feel like things are starting to become easy or habitual. 

I also found that I was doing a lot of things in a way that made things harder than they needed to be, because at some point I'd been told that this was the way a certain thing needed to be done. Over time, I've changed the way I do everything from cleaning the bathtub to doing my laundry, because once I let go of how I thought those things "should" be done, I almost always found easier ways to do them.

And the easier things are, the more likely we are to do them.  So when you notice that something feels "hard," stop and think about that.  For me, if I felt that, there was almost always something I could change that made it easier. 

Another thing that helped was to put aside the things that I didn't know what to do with.  So if I was looking around for something that was out of place and spotted something that I wasn't sure what to do with, I just put it aside somewhere out of the way (like a corner or off to one side of the room just to get it out of the visual center of focus) and looked for something else.

Clear up all the easy stuff first.  Deal with the stuff you know what to deal with.  And it's like you're building muscles during this time.  When you get to the point of all the easy stuff being done, and go back to the "I don't know" piles, you'll find those decisions getting easier and easier as you go along.  

 Check out this flow chart to print out. Its oretty amazing. http://www.lifeonpaperco.com/lifeonpaper/Cleaning_File_lt.html Would you mind posting a copy? *The Life Changing Magic of Tidying Up.* This has been recommended to me a few times. Thanks for reminding me to check it out. I just ordered the book from Amazon.  Simple advice, yet I hear it over and over again so it must be very effective. I drool just thinking about clean, open rooms.  Not sure this approach would work for me initially, but maybe it will once I've got a good routine going. 

I'm bummed flylady didn't work out, but the 20+ emails PER DAY was ridiculous and most of it was trying to sell you crap. That being said, she does have a great foundation and philosophy for her program. And I really like how she has you concentrate on one tiny habit for a whole month so that it actually sticks (ex. Getting dressed from head to toe as soon as you wake up every morning).  This is my daily chore chart. For dusting I write a different room each week. I print this out, put it on my fridge, and everyone crosses off what they've done. https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5YhO3qqbEc1TVNXX2htTnltRVE/view?usp=docslist_api



I don't know why it flipped sideways in this file, but it can be printed as a single page.
 This is my longterm chore chart for stuff that doesn't need to be done biweekly. I write in dates on this one so I have an idea of when it got done last. I try to work on this once a week.

 https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B5YhO3qqbEc1M0F2WU43WUpUVzQ/view?usp=docslist_api I just got this and I love it. I tried the "little at a time" method a lot of people advocated and eventually realized that was fruitless since the messes are generated faster than I clean them that way. 

Also really like the idea of focusing on "categories" rather than locations. I feel like there's less constant context switching when I focus on one category of objects across my house rather than trying to clean up one area at a time.

Hoping I can stick with it, though as a college student with roommates I have to accept some level of "un-tidyness" in my life.  Moving, if possible-downsizing space available, not putting anything in storage-reducing options to keep everything. Even if it's down the street, or to shared house/ apt. I'm no minimalist in strict terms, however every little bit less stuff helps exponentially. Usually can adapt to not having those extra things, though it's a mental struggle to get rid of various comforting belongings. I need to try something like this again. Phone/tablet/computer apps don't work for me because I need to have something to write on. Nothing beats the satisfaction of physically checking something of a list with a favorite pen.  This is great - thanks! I'm the same way. In addition to the chore charts I have a big planner with appointments/due dates/etc and a task list that isn't cleaning (ie get car inspection sticker, make dentist appointment). I love checking things off lists and I need to have literally everything written down or it won't get done. 