Can you visualize images in your mind? I have recently been explaining to people about what it’s like to have Aphantasia (the inability to form mental images in your mind). When someone tells you to picture a red ballon in your head, what do you see? If I focus *really* hard, I can see a grayish, 2D shape approximating a balloon on a completely black background - but often, I can’t see anything at all. 

When discussing it with a friend last night, he asked me if it’s a symptom of my ADHD and it got me wondering - is this something common in other folks who have ADHD, or do I just have another unrelated cognitive condition?

Also of note: it generally means I have to add an extra step to creating things (presentations, reports, planning the layout of a room I’m  decorating, etc.) that most people can skip - I have to draw things out before I can see what it looks like - then I can start making the drawing into something tangible. It can make me incredibly slow at work. Luckily, my work doesn’t mind my speed, because they are almost always happy with the output. 

Do any of y’all experience this? If so, how does it impact your day-to-day? What are the challenges? How do you mitigate them?

 I CAN visualize, but its difficult and not fully formed.  I also used to get frustrated as a child because once I had something in my head, I couldn't always get it to do what I wanted. I had a recurring thought of a man walking down the street (do not know why) and I couldn't get him to walk straight. He would always fall back and forth.

Which is strange, because I love to read fiction and have never lacked enjoyment in it, even though visualizing what is happening, is difficult. I can visualise things quite well except time I can, but it's always a cartoon of the thing.  (And by cartoon, I mean simplified - not like Calvin and Hobbes or something!)

I can image objects in my mind and manipulate them fairly easily, but if, for example, I try to picture my mom in my mind?  I actually picture photographs of her.  I cannot just think and see my mom in my mind. I can if I focus solely on doing it. But it’s sketchy. 

Without meds, impossible. 

In fact I didn’t even realise I could visualise things until you mentioned it just now. That’s how absent visualisation is in my day to day.  I get the feeling it's unrelated because I've never heard it mentioned in connection with ADHD before this post. It's definitely not a defining symptom anyway because my mind's eye is extremely clear I'm not diagnosed, but I show many symptoms of ADHD, and I can visualize just fine, however, my imagination, I feel, has become stunted over the years.

This doesn't mean you don't have ADHD. There are many, many atypical cases of ADHD. Hahaha. I read a TON and when I tell people I can’t picture things, I get a lot of “but you read so much! How do you even enjoy it?!” Probably just didn’t realize what I was missing. I told my friend last night that I can “see” the concept of the thing I’m trying to imagine, but it’s not an image, exactly. Very hard to explain it.  > I couldn't always get it to do what I wanted.

When I was young, everytime I visualized a door I could never keep it opened, it would always keep slamming (yes, _slamming_) shut.   Oh, for sure. I have a diagnosis, but I was just trying to get a sense if it’s possibly a comorbid or related condition, or if I just got unlucky. 

There’s not a lot of research on Aphantasia yet, so definitely not much in identifying (or dismissing) a link between it and ADHD. ☺️ No, I totally know what you mean. I was always so confused when, say, the Harry Potter movies came put and people said the characters weren't how they "saw" them. Completly did not understand the concept, lol. This actually makes me really excited. Like, there are others like me!! It also made me realize why authors include detailed descriptions of landscapes/locations. It always frustrated me to read a description about the way a city or building looked, cause I couldn’t picture what was being described. 

Hell, I used to even google image search some of the descriptors being used to figure out what the heck the author was trying to convey (but mostly I just skip past descriptions altogether. Hahaha) Yes!!! It always blew my mind when people would complain about casting choices. Like, it just did not compute for me. Hahaha.  Same thing with toilet seats actually.  Don't ask me why I'm envisioning toilet seats, but it happened a lot.

As I've gotten older I seem to have more control over it though.  I am still very unclear on what exactly caused that lack of control over my own thoughts though. 