Thank you, /r/adhd for motivating me to seek help. It was mainly the layout that got me. My eyes keep darting in all sides and skimming random text lines(usually the bolded ones on the right first then back to topic posts then the top, etc). 

Is this intentional? *shifty eyes*

Also, reading the topics(opened in several tabs that I read back and forth) concerning multiple hobbies, and knowing basic things about a bajillion things and not having the drive to go all the way with some made me feel like I'm part of some secret society with the same tendencies and stuff. 

I'm going to try and ask my dad to get me psychiatric help again(my mom interfered the first time and I never got it), and hopefully I'll get a better response this time. I'd like to thank this subreddit for providing an insight to something that I've always been scared to read up on before.


I'm new in this subreddit, but I already love you guys. This sub also motivated me to seek help. I hope you are able to get the help you are looking for. This sub is a fantastic resource, not only for but for your family as well. Good luck! Very cool! The layout is supposed to help provide a quick differentiation between posts and the slightly bigger text is easier to read. The sidebar just newly put bold and large headers to make it stand out more because most people tend to ignore sidebars.

Hopefully your dad will support you! We have a lot of threads of children whose parents don't believe in ADHD. Almost every week in our "Win Wednesday" threads there is someone who finally decided to get diagnosed or back on medication after a long break after becoming more educated through /r/adhd. That alone makes the hours I spend here a day worth it!

Welcome! Hopefully you will update us with positive news in the future. Glad to have you! This subreddit helped me as well. I've been suffering for years and just thought that was who I am, but once I started research and reading posts, I realize my life can change, and will change! It only took me about a month to finally set an appointment with my doc, but I finally did it today! I can't wait until my appointment next week! I'm happy for you! Very cool! You have something to post in our Win Wednesday thread tomorrow. Glad to hear you were able to get educated. Lots of people have fear about getting diagnosed and taking medication and you can get to hear a vast number of experiences to help you make the right decision.

Took you a month!? That is speedy! 