Does your memory work this way? So my wife was expressing her concern over my inability to remember why we had gone to the garage because I had forgotten just by walking through the doorway, when I came up with an analogy for the freaking awesome way my memory works.

(That's right: awesome!)

Sure it's not normie, but it is awesome. So here's the analogy, you tell me if it suits you.

Imagine there is a big circle of train cars. My awareness is standing in the circle, close to one side in front of one of the train cars. That car is called, "Post about the train car analogy on Reddit to get feedback."

The cars next to "Post on Reddit" car are not closely related. In fact they can be completely different, for example one might be: "Visit the patent office and get information." and another might be, "Play with your kids."

These cars are tied together, even if their ideas are not linked and they move around a big circle of track. They do not have mass. They can move at the speed of light.

Usually those memories, mental post it notes, ideas, concepts, desires, etc, move seemingly at their own will. It's really my whimsy that moves them. And as you know we are whimsical beings.

At first I was at their mercy. People's names are stored there and I can't remember peoples names unless their car happens to pass by. In fact, people's names seem to have their own car, where as people's identities / qualities are something I can recall. I guess there's some sort of prioritization, maybe? Or maybe I really don't care about names.

Never having the memory car before me that I needed (not having random access like normies) seemed like a huge disadvantage, but I realized something along the way. Instead of feeling defeated and continuing to give up I started trying to understand how my memory worked and I came up with this analogy.

The cars are run by some intuitive system that makes no mental sense. It is literally a super power because it gives me the ability to context shift very quickly. If I were out on the plains or in the forest, I could quickly adapt from gathering to hunting if I smell, see or hear something. I could quickly lead my group toward food or away from danger by quickly adapting to the circumstance. The cars or perhaps the systems that interfaces with the cars are created by experience, not by thought, and by training, not by learning. It's an experiential thing, not a mental thing. That's one reason I learn so differently from others. I learn by doing, not by reading or studying.

I'm sure there are better examples, but I'm just now learning to study this.

What I found out is that this type of memory does work in the normie society, but it takes a lot longer to develop and if you don't know that you're different, then it may take even longer to develop because if you try to learn the traditional normie way, you are going to be frustrated.

First thing I did was accept that my awareness is very contextual. Context means everything to my experience. Some people carry their own context around with them. Mine is based on everything around me, and my memory system is linked to that context. When I'm in public and there are people doing stuff all over the place, my contextual system gets thrown out of whack, or actually it used to: I created a context for that situation and use it to stay more or less calm. When I was younger I used to shut out everything: literally stop paying attention to anything but my family. Once I was an adult, that didn't work very well because I needed to interact. Creating that context is an on going work and honestly, since contexts are only created through experience and learning for me is a serious up hill battle ... it's a slow process.

Back to the memory rail system...

The cars spin according to context and there's this free wheeling context where they just spin in apparently random fashion. I'll remember things from any time in my life for no apparent reason. There is a huge reason, but, I'll have to cover that some other time.

I learned a valuable lesson a few years ago. As memory cars appear before my consciousness, I need to decide whether I can act on them or not. I don't need to become upset or confused or anxious. If I see them, then I can decide: do I act or not?

If I decide to not act, the car may stay or may rotate, but it will stay in the circle and eventually come around again. I used to fight the rotation, try to control it: hyperfocus sometimes can control the freight trains. But the more I struggled to be the boss, the less control I felt I had and the more the freight cars seemed to build up, nothing every being done, nothing ever getting worked on. More and more to do and more confusion, loss, sluggishness.

The more cars there are the harder it is to manage them ourselves. But the intuitive system can manage them for us and once I decided to give up my attempts to control the fleet of memories, my intuitive system took over and taught me how and when to deal with them.

They spin around and around like the big wheel on the price is right: Oh here come a nickle. There's the 35 cents!

I surrendered my control of them and by releasing that burden the intuitive system took over.

Then the memories started popping up apparently randomly.

At first I resisted. How could I not? But after a while I started working with the cars.

It's Sunday morning, the "Post to Reddit" car created yesterday by my desire to share this with you guys pops up and the car I had wanted to work on disappears. I choose to deal with this car and as I hit the post button on this wall of text, that car will disappear.

In the middle of the day I might see the car that says, "Hey, you gotta charge your phone to make sure the timing is right for your trip to the DMV!" so I'll plug in my phone and that car will go away.

I might feel the car that says, "checkup on your son's progress on his homework," but he's not doing homework, so I let it go and send it on it's way. That car will be riding the tracks of my mind until he's 18 or perhaps 22, but then it will have served it's purpose.

What ever car comes before me, I accept it and respect it and if possible act. The action releases the car and the circle of cars shrinks. And when I need to do something, I add a car simply by creating a desire to accomplish something. It makes you very efficient because you are aware that adding something makes the train bigger.

The intuitive system is really good. Every time something comes up, there is always a good reason. Even if I can't act now, the memory is serving a purpose. Once I stopped fighting the intuitive system, my life started simplifying. My attempts at control of the memory system were disastrous and self defeating. Letting the intuitive system take over made everything easier for the long run

What do you think? I think this post is too long.  Interesting way of thinking of it. For me I also have little success fighting the cars to make them go the direction and speed I would like.  I have no reason to trust that a car will come into focus when or before it is needed. I’ve been super duper beyond sure I would catch a big important obvious car only to realize when it’s too late that I didn’t. 
I usually am just stuck constantly choosing to act on the car in focus for fear of forgetting it later unless it is something not important and I don’t want to do it anyway. 
I’ve had some success setting up external reminders via the google assistant.  Ok it was way too long for me bUT I tried and skimmed enough of it and what I got from it was that sounds way too organized I'm comparison to how my memory works. Trains on a circular track sounds like a dream.

I'd describe it more like a load of bugs, they have no rhyme or reason. They buzz off when they want to. Occasionally they just fly smack into my face and I'm suddenly hit with what I was trying to remember. The harder I try to catch a memory the faster and more erratically the bugs fly away. When I'm idle bugs just randomly settle and a thought pops up.  I second this. Maybe one of the longest analogies I've seen. OP needs to TL;DR this bad boy. At least it isn't a wall. Thanks for your opinion! I use all sorts of reminders. My wife is my biggest help. As soon as I get the reminder the context is there and I can act, but the external stimulus is the trigger I'm expecting. If it doesn't come them I have to hope the intuitive selector kicks in. Sometimes it does, someone's it doesn't.

Thanks for reading and sharing. Thanks. I get what you're saying. It may have been that way for me in the past.

I'm not sure I remember, heh. 