I wrote a loooong comment in reply to someone asking why ww give children 'drugs', and his comment got removed. I still have to let this off my chest, so I'm leaving it here. Feel free to just ignore this, I'm just posting it here so I can move on with my life. I hope everyone has a good day!

-

What I wrote:

I'm probably going to regret responding to this, but here goes: 

ADHD is not just being very active, it is not just having difficulty focusing at school. It is a complex disorder, primarily genetic in origin, which leads to certain critical areas of the brain failing to develop properly. Actually, at least a few experts in the field have said it's probably more accurate to refer to it as a spectrum of disorders similar to Autism. 

Unfortunately there isn't yet a clear enough understanding of all the mechanisms interacting in the brain to derive a truly accurate division of the different aspects of this spectrum. Research is continuing.

Now, not fully understanding the mechanisms behind it doesn't mean we can't see the results. For more than half a century medical researchers have studied people with the symptoms of ADHD, and there are some statistics which come through clearly, people with untreated ADHD are far more likely than average to:

- Die young
- Experience traumatic injuries
- Cause traffic (and other) accidents
- Become addicted to drugs
- Fail to develop meaningful relationships, and lose the relationships they do manage to start
- Fail academically
- Have difficulty finding and holding jobs


However, when a person ADHD is treated (yes, sometimes with stimulants) all of the above statistics start to fall. The real kicker, and the real answer to your question, is that the *earlier* treatment is started the *better* outcomes patients have on average. A person with diagnosable ADHD who is treated since childhood is no more likely to experience any of the above disasters than the average human being.

On the flip side: no one has proved any negative long-term effects of treatment, as long as it is done following clinical guidelines. I agree that more studies still need to be done, but that doesn't mean we should deny people the treatment that can seriously improve their lives (and maybe save them).

 *That's* why doctor's have been starting treating ADHD earlier and earlier, because study after study has shown that it *saves lives*, both literally and figuratively.

Of course the treatment has its own problems, and can cause negative side-effects, in which case the appropriate response is to change (or stop) treatment for that person. **not** to deny treatment to all other children, many of whom will have no negative side-effects.

I have ADHD. My parents, like you, refused to believe that there could be anything wrong with me (even though I told them more than once about problems and difficulties I had). Needless to say, I was never taken as a child to be tested, let alone given treatment. I could tell you about the many jobs I've screwed up, the multiple times I almost ruined the most important relationship in my life, my complete inability to maintain *any* academic record (which, despite what you say, does effect what one can do with one's life), the time I almost shot myself, and the many many times I wanted to end my life in other ways.

The countless nights I spent crying, screaming into my pillow, begging my thoughts to stop *just for a minute so I could finally fall asleep*. The intense - sometimes unbearable - discomfort of being forced to sit still, I would (still do sometimes) bite my knuckles until I almost broke the skin or stab myself with a pen or pin because *the pain was better than the discomfort of sitting still*.

The ridiculously stupid thoughtless things I have said again, and again,  *and again* despite knowing as soon as the words left my mouth that I shouldn't have said them, didn't really mean them, and would regret them. All the different ways I screwed up, over and over, trying with all of my strength and all of my will not to do it again *but knowing that I would no matter how hard I tried*.

This is ADHD. Rather, this is a small part of ADHD. I literally can't tell you everything, and I've already written enough. More than enough. I hope you have a great day, and I hope that if you ever find yourself in charge of a child who is suffering, truly suffering, you won't deny them the chance to *try* a treatment which may help them. Peace.

Edit: Tried to fix the layout This is so heartbreaking. My son was just diagnosed at age 5 and I have made the choice to medicate him. As a nurse we medicate for everything under the sun so I thought why not this?! I struggle with the judgments I will undoubtedly get from other mom's when he starts kindergarten in August but fuck it. I have to do what's best for my son. Am I worried I'm screwing him up even more? Yes. Am I worried he will get kicked out of school? Yes. He's been tested so many times. I'm worried I'm a terrible parent for medicating but I want him to feel better. I want him to be able to focus. He is so so smart and figures things out quickly. He was assessed and his psychologist says he is gifted but has ADHD so be prepared for a long hard road.  Tears welled up and a choking feeling progressively built up as I read this. Thank you for posting this despite the comment you originally responded to was removed. You did an amazing job describing my entire life's experience. I was just diagnosed a few months ago at 28 years old. You very eloquently, forcefully, but still respectively put down the criticisms levied against us *for being sick* and not being able to simply will our way to health. I'm still going through the grieving process since I got diagnosed a few weeks ago at age 29/F. Especially the fact that I really thought I wasn't a nice/good person since I could never make any friends growing up. I remember crying at my homework every night and teachers telling me I just had to "try harder". I feel l like I can finally let go of all the negative things I used to think about myself, cause now I know it wasn't my fault, I'm not a bad person, my brain just works different. Easier said than done of course, still working on processing all this newfound knowledge. 

I feel like even as an adult there is such a negative stigma on meds as well, I can imagine that its worse for kids of course, but I haven't told my dad about it yet cause he is very much against medication. (his spiritual beliefs are so wacky that he thinks everything can be solved with meditation, bla bla...)

On my meds I feel like a "normal" person, at least that's what I think it is, cause I can't compare it. It's a weird turn in your life to become dependent on meds at this age, but I am totally fine with it. For me the meds help me do the stuff other people can do without meds, work full time, clean the house, focus, concentrate etc. 

I thought about the "what ifs" for a while but realized quickly my "spiritual" dad would've never gotten me to see a doctor if a teacher would've said something back then. So that will help with closing the "what if" chapter. 

I think you should at least try medication or the treatment they offer you, you aren't bound to meds once you start with them. 

I made another long comment yet again, lol. I wanna thank you guys for this sub, it feels like coming home to the soft place to fall that always had been hidden before. 

I hope my English is okay, non native speaker. I tried to check everything as I am writing, but sometimes I mess up the grammar.  >when a person ADHD is treated (yes, sometimes with stimulants) 

What medication is often perscribed that isn't a stimulant? Or are you referring to behavior therapy?

My son was diagnosed last year and I'm finally over the hurdle of my wife accepting he'll be medicated. I wasn't/am not aware of non-stimulant medications. I just made an appointment last week to start my 8yo son on meds. He's inattentive type and smart enough that he's ahead in school even though he struggles with focus and impulse. We've been doing behavioral therapy for a few months and it has helped some but mostly with the depression and coping skills for frustration. So we're at the point of trying this next. 

I don't know how it'll turn out but I'm willing to try whatever we need to, to help him.  I was diagnosed as an adult 16mo ago. I relate to your post-- especially with not being able to quiet my mind. 

The frustration of living is too much some days. The frustrations of being me and my continuous fuck ups. The teetering nature of self-improvement and disappointment.

I feel like all I'm ever doing is  - trying -

I wish people had a better understanding of ADHD.  The majority have no idea how much of a struggle it can be.  Thanks for saying this. I wasn't diagnosed until age 28, despite my struggles and asking for help. And I truly believe it badly exacerbated my attachment anxiety issues, and probably CAUSED my years-long depression.  Also clonidine. It's for BP but treatment for ADHD is an off label use. It's not a stimulant. My son was born with a heart defect and his doctors are very hesitant to try a stimulant. He's too young for some other meds so we started on clonidine. My comment is in response to the one above. lol I'm new to commenting so forgive me! Well said This is the kind of stuff people need to know about. The social stigma regarding adhd is idiotic.  Ugh. Both me and my parents have gotten flak occasionally for the decision to medicate me. It's not like I was just getting squirmy in my seat or something. I got sent home from school regularly, and suspensions were not heard of either. I would even get violent occasionally. And people go around trying to tell me that ADHD is just "normal kid behavior". Thanks for sharing.  Coincidentally, our 4yo daughter is in the process of being evaluated for ADHD.  Not only does she need help in certain areas in her life...but, so do we, we want to foster a happy and healthy child!  In doing so, we admit that we need help and require incredible patience. i was diagnosed with ADHD-PI two months ago at 43. My 8yo son was tested today. I'm 95% sure he has it. We meet with the doc on Friday to discuss the results. This is a good perspective for my wife and I as we decide how to address things should his tests show he's also got ADHD. Thank you for writing this!  My 14yo son started medication 3 weeks ago, and by gum, it's night and day. We're now considering daily meds instead of only during school days, because, like you say, his entire person is different. He now enjoys listening to music (couldn't even do that!), having deep and extended discussions, and he's much more traffic safe than before. We're both so grateful!

What I regret is the slew of "experts" who, from the age of 6, told us that he had other conditions instead of ADHD. One psych, I realised later is a strong anti-med advocate, so her view of inattention and ODD was swept under the carpet of dyslexia with all sorts of input processing disorders. Another one stopped taking my messages because she's so convinced about his giftedness. Sure I'd love to believe the good stuff too, but no-one else suffered day-to-day like we did, most of all my son. I'm hoping that at 14yo it's not too late and he's able to unlearn a lot of negative coping mechanisms that helped him get through the day. We have so much learn! I started meds when I was 6. While I calmed down and my academics improved, I lost myself.  I was constantly a zombie. I have very few childhood memories and the meds used in my middle and high school days made me want to kill myself and no one listened. Because keeping me quiet and out of the way was easier than making me feel like a person. I wish I could've had behavioral treatment first, learned coping methods. I stopped taking any meds in college, turned to alcohol and sex, and inevitably dropped out. I'm doing ok now, but based on my personal experience, i think medication should be the last option, not the first. But that's just me, for other kids it might have worked like a charm and that awesome!  > My parents, like you, refused to believe that there could be anything wrong with me

I get frustrated by people who react this way, to automatically think any deviation from the status quo is "wrong." A child's life is more likely to be impacted by failing to prepare them for the challenges they will face than by denying that they will face them in fear of a flawed stigma. It's really funny because my parents were against the idea of me taking medication when I was diagnosed as an adult... But looking back, they were medicating me with stimulants when I was a child. I've been drinking tea since i was a toddler, and started on coffee when I was 6 or 7. It helped quite a lot and has a similar effect for me. I still remember taking pseudoephedrine whenever I had a cold and getting this amazing level of clarity.  This is great! I did not start my son on stimulants until he was 9. The immediate changes were amazing and his grades improved so much that I felt like such a terrible mom for holding him back by not starting earlier. People criticize what they can't see or don't understand. Good for you for posting!!!  [deleted] [removed] I just did a post asking if ADHD is on the autism spectrum and most seem to say its NOT.
I get the whole sitting still thing, I would wander around my classrooms as a kid constantly.
Medication idk, seems bad I think, stimulants seem bad, might have been what got me addicted to caffeine, might have been what got me interested in recreational drugs maybe.
I have had difficulty holding jobs. Relationships too.

I'm thinking there must be another way to handle ADHD, perhaps a specialized school? Thank you for taking care of your son Maybe you already did this but discussing the potential side effects with your son so he is aware of them is also important.

Since he is a child he might assume any negative side effects are just how it is supposed to be when taking this medication. That is something to prevent by making sure he knows that those side effects are not how it is supposed to be so he can tell you and then you can contact the doctor to discuss changes to his dose or the type of medication he is taking. 

Basically making sure that he is capable of self advocating. 

But meanwhile you're an amazing parent, helping your child be the best he can be.  I was diagnosed with ADHD as a child, but one of my parents refused to allow me to be treated for it.  I wish they had. I could have discovered that I love math and science as a kid.  I could have done better in school, finished college, and avoided more than a decade of grueling jobs that were the only ones I qualified for.  I could have avoided wrecking my credit.  I'm doing a lot better, now that I am being treated.

Whatever you do, **please don't** feel bad for giving your kid the best chance you can. We just started my 7 year old on intuniv today. I have adhd and i wish i was aware of it and understood what it did do my potential when i was still in school rather than 30 years later. We do what we have to.  I hope you see fantastic results.  Medication didn't keep my son from being kicked out of school.   But not being treated probably contributed to my being kicked out of school.   

Fuck everyone else.  You have no control over all those things you're worried about.  Worry about your son being happy, know that there is no right answer.   We tried 4 meds before we found something that helps, not fixes.  The only decision that's irreversible is the decision to do nothing.  

And importantly, find something he CAN focus on and encourage it, for mine it's taking apart electronics, it helps a lot with his stress level, not to mention ours. 

Remember at the end of the day, it's about him growing into a successful adult.  My route went through two separate stints of college, IT jobs, an electrical apprenticeship and 8 years in that trade, furniture design, general contracting, and now almost purely design work.  It took me twenty years to figure out I could focus on designing things much better than I could focus on building them because I tried to conform to what was expected of me.   

It will be a long road, I'm still on it.  And remember that you don't have to be able to focus all that well to be a great human being, it just makes it easier :)   

 As somebody who was also diagnosed and treated with stimulants very young, I have something to add. Treating it at a young age helps a lot, but often kids don't like how it feels. Listen to your child, and if he wants to take a break from his meds, let him. I took myself off medication in middle school and got very good marks in highschool. By that time I was already aware of my downfalls in the learning department and could self-correct for them.  



Also, get him into sports, it's an opportunity to work out energy, excel at something and make a lifelong friend
 Hi! I sound a lot like your son, very smart and also having ADHD its tough. I only got diagnosed as a teenager and started taking medications then, but it has made me feel so much better. I wish my parents had noticed and done it sooner, I love them and am not mad at them for not treating me, because I was able to be successful in school, but I think it would have helped with so many other things. I think you're doing the right thing, and I really do think that when he gets to be my age, he will appreciate that you made that decision.  >  I'm worried I'm a terrible parent for medicating

You're an amazing parent for choosing to do treatment in spite of your fears. 

Sincerely, from all the unmedicated children who grew up to have troubled lives we're still *trying to learn* to manage... This hits home. My son who will turn 6 next month was diagnosed a couple of months ago after struggling big time with behavior in kindergarten last year to the point he will be repeating this year. We are at that point to consider medication now where I'm leaning against it due to my own perceptions that medicating a 5 year old doesn't seem right to me. His mother leans toward and she had ADHD as a child.  Girrrrrrrrl, have I got a story for you. 

We medicated my step-daughter and it was the difference between a kid who couldn't sit still and the kid we have now. She tested into the school's gifted program and has the patience and discipline to begin judo, along with being a member of 4-H. She's blossomed. 

We have some of the emotional outbursts and hyperactivity we had before, but it's night and day. Everyone is much, MUCH happier. Gone are the nightly Defcon-5 level meltdowns, the angry screaming, and bouncing off the walls at 150 mph. We still have some of that but to a lower degree, and it's much more manageable. Things are still hard, but we see so much more of the smart, warm kid with the good sense of humor and ginormous vocabulary. I was diagnosed with ADHD last August, so when I learn more about myself, I see some things in her as well. 

Based on my experience as her stepdad and my own experience of having ADHD, I'm glad you're doing this and exploring every option. Many of the people who get judgemental don't know the first fucking thing about ADHD. That's why some of them think feeding organic tomatoes to a kid with a neurobiological disorder will just fix everything. 

[This girl](https://youtu.be/XHd48MbyBzY) made a pretty cool thing for her mom that may make you feel a little better about things. She's also a good resource for learning about ADHD. 

GOOD LUCK!!!
 You are not a terrible person for choosing to medicate him. That would be like saying that you're a terrible person for giving your son antibiotics to treat an infection - Just because it's ADHD shouldn't make it any different. Just remember that, whilst you will almost certainly get comments about it from other mums, they are voicing simple, uneducated opinions that they have probably gathered from fifteen minutes on Google.

Thank you for choosing to medicate him ^_^ My son is 9 and was diagnosed when he was 7, but he's only been on meds for 1 year. I empathize so much with what you've written. I will say that I've stopped caring about whatever judgment I may receive from other moms because *I* know what his life was like unmedicated. I would never want him to go back to that. you're making the right choice

my mom didn't let me get any medical help until I was 17 because she didn't want to admit she had a "deficient" / "retarded" (her words) son Thank you for saying this. It does me good to hear that I'm not alone. The reason I had to post this and couldn't let it go is because it is the result of a lot of thinking about my life and finally starting to put connect the dots.  I'm 26, and was just diagnosed a month and a half ago. Great to meet you bro/sis :-) I know exactly what you mean about feeling 'normal'. When I started taking the meds is when I first understood how other people can just do things all the time.

Your English is fine :-) I couldn't even tell it wasn't your native language.  Strattera is a non stimulant adhd medication. Welbutrin is also non stimulant but using it to treat adhd is an off label usage.  There are a few (2 or 3 currently being prescribed in the US, I think), as well as others currently undergoing testing. I believe one is Guanfacine (not sure of spelling), but I don't remember the others at all. As I understand it (not a doctor) the general rule is that the non-stimulants are less effective on average and aren't short-acting (so you have to take every day and it takes about a month to take effect). They also come with their own potential side effects.

The stimulant medications are still generally considered the 'front line' meds, given their greater efficacy etc. 

I've heard/read that some doctors have started recommending combining stimulant and non-stimulant medications. Apparently that way you can keep both meds at lower doses, which reduces side effects, and it better covers the whole range of symptoms of ADHD. I definitely recommend doing your own research (via reputable sources obviously), and talking to a health-care professional about the options.

Thanks for taking care of your son, I hope you find something that works quickly and easily!  Dr. Russall Barkley has an excellent lecture on youtube where he goes through the different treatments and their effects. I can't get the link ATM but I recommend all his talks to be honest. They were the big deal for me when I first started investigating the possibility that I might have ADHD Probably controversial (and since mostly disproven), but my parents treated me and my siblings through [diet](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feingold_diet) when we were kids. It was tough, frustrating, and socially stigmatizing at times, but it seemed to work back then.  I'm glad to hear it. I hope you find a treatment that helps, quickly and easily. Don't be surprised though if it takes a few tries to find one that works well for your son, there's still trial and error involved in finding the right medication for each individual.  You put that so well! I don't think I could describe it better.  Seriously,  I could have written those exact words about myself. I'm glad there was value for you in what I wrote Thank you Yeah. It is. Like so may stigmas, no? It seems that when we (as a society) decide to stigmatize something it often says more about problems with the society than about the issue being stigmatized.

(hashtag)deep  (hashtag)ifeelsopretentiousright now Yeah. People don't understand, sometimes refuse to. Of course that's not unique to ADHD meds, though it can get a lot nastier. People will judge you for *everything* once you have kids. It's like you become a public commodity or something.  You're welcome. It's great to here someone willing to be so humble and open-minded in the care of their child

Edit: rephrased to better convey what I meant. I think. I'm glad you found something of value. I hope you don't think it's too presumptuous of me to say this, but I hope that whatever you decide to do you will keep your son in the loop and listen to his opinion as well. You sound like a good person (based on the anonymous internet post right here) so maybe that already goes without saying. You're welcome :-)

I'm fairly certain not too late. I only got to start medication at 25, and as hard as it is I am changing bad habits and learning new ones. I'm sorry to hear that. That us a horrible thing to have happen to you at any age, especially as a kid. The truth is, and I'm sorry to say this as well, that is a known side effect that some people experience. It is a negative side effect, and any *competent* doctor having heard that you had that experience should have insisted on lowering the dose or changing the type of meds entirely.

The fact that you were medicated against your will, and the people responsible for you ignored the effect it had on you, honestly should never be allowed to happen. I am in favor of treatment for children, yes, but with the child's knowledge and assent, and a necessary, basic part of treatment is the participation of the person effected by the disorder. It is necessary to talk to the person, to hear how what the medication does, and to change it if needed.

Unfortunately, ADHD meds (like many others) can be abused. This is absolutely a form of abuse.  Thank you! Right?! Like, the fact that my brain developed in a way which causes me difficulty is more a reflection on their ego than something that *actually effects me* Thank you!  Like I wrote,  I posted it here to get it off my chest. I know from one perspective I take it too seriously, but this shit ruined my life and has left me emotionally damaged, sometimes something someone says hits my buttons and I have to do something. Besides that there is the chance that something I write will reach someone who needs to hear it, just like happened to me, and even if the chance is a few billion to one its worth it to me. 

In a large part the reason I write stuff here is because this is one of the only places I can write exactly what I have to say without worrying or self-censoring. It's not about preaching to anyone, and it is in a large part about making myself feel better, about shouting out into the dark with some confidence that someone will call back. Some days that's what gives me the strength to keep going, as sad and pathetic as that may be.

Edit: not that you should care, but I actually have been working at letting things go and not responding even when it hurts. I haven't done a very good job at that today clearly. Hey. It's me again, that dude from yesterday. I just wanted to say one more thing, and I'll stop bothering you. I agree that I have almost no chance of convincing some average ignorant person their wrong, especially if they are confident enough to broadcast their ignorance on the internet, but I strongly disagree that it doesn't matter. 

The main difficulties faced by many people with mental illness and other invisible diseases are misinformation and social stigma, the only way it is possible to start to improve the situation is *exactly* to talk about these things, to engage in conversation even with people who can never be convinced. 

Partly its because other people see these interactions and when they see both sides they may (at least) come away realising it isn't a cut-and-dried issue, but even without that the mere act of engaging in open conversation on these issues is the only way things will change in the long run.

Is some post I write on the internet going to change one jerks (letting my emotions get the better of me here) opinion? No. Is it going to change all of society in one fell swoop? No. But if enough people have enough of these engagements for long enough *that* will start to change things. 

/rant

As you can see I am failing spectacularly to let things go :-/ but this really is a confluence of very important issues for me. So I'll go easy on myself. Hope you have a great day! The issue with this, with all of this, is that society is by definition other people. You're ignoring the fact that by annoying other people, I'm making myself less desirable to be around and demonstrably reducing my life outcomes. You mention whether ADHD actually causes impulsive accidents, but that's asking the wrong question. We *know* that individuals with untreated ADHD are more likely to have these problems. We *know* that treating them makes them less likely to. Debating causality won't change the correlation. It won't make treatment less effective. 

My point is, doing it for other people is absolutely doing it for me. If other people deal with me better, it enables me to achieve what **I** want to achieve. As far as *only* treating it because of other people? That's absolutely not the case for me. I'm being treated because I want to achieve my own goals. Honestly, my social life has shrank since being treated because I can actually focus on my projects now, instead of being endlessly distracted by everyone in my life. Even in the complete absence of society, untreated I was incapable of achieving what I wanted to achieve. On your point disputing the fact that ADHD causes people to die young, you can't discount the fact that research can observe "some trend or whatever". It's the very fact that people with  untreated ADHD die young when compared to the non ADHD poupulation that serves as evidence pointing to it. The "trend" is the proof.
 I actually agree with you on many points. I certainly agree with you about the reasons why people choose not to treat their children. I also think that 'treating' an individuals condition based on *other* people's difficulties with it is not a good reason. However: I do think there is very good evidence that ADHD, untreated, leads to many negative outcomes in life (depending of course on the severity of the condition).

A few points:

- Whether or not *monogamy* is new doesn't change the damage ADHD symptoms can cause to *all* relationships. Not just romantic ones.
- I use to find the 'scavenger hypothesis' convincing, but whether it is accurate or not we need to prepare children to survive and thrive in the world we live in today.
- The problem with jobs isn't about switching jobs, it's about *being unable* to maintain performance or interest at any job, and actually being able to work absolutely does influence survival. Not being able to maintain a job meant I couldn't reliably; buy food, medacine, and clothes; pay rent; and all those other things that really honestly strongly influence ones ability to survive, let alone thrive. 
- and actually if we are talking about *professions* I would argue that the most normal condition throughout history is to have exactly one profession for your whole life. If you were apprenticed to a carpenter, you worked as a carpenter; if you were born a peasent farmer,  you probably farmed for your whole life. The people who could change *professions* were those lucky enough to have the choice, or foolhardy enough not to care about the consequences. 


For your final point, a significant part of my post is specifically about the real, personal distress my condition caused me. Which also seems common amongst us lucky few.

Edit: I want to add: if any one person's condition, or their child's condition, doesn't cause that person (or child) distress, of course they have (or should have) every right to refuse treatment, but we should *not* be discouraging or preventing people in distress from recieve the help they need and deserve. I'd argue that it is definitely a health concern if it causes damage to the individual. The fact that a different environment might not bring about these damages doesn't mean we can discount them. If a fish is allergic to water it's a health concern. I disagree with a lot of your conclusions, but the biggest one is the berry picking example. 

Sure, getting distracted for a few seconds while berry picking may not be an issue, but for me it wouldn't just be a few seconds. I may think it was a few seconds, but it could easily have been hours. 

I get distracted even from fun and interactive activities. 

Considering the rate that I forget to eat (let's not even discuss going to the grocery store), I would probably not survive long if foraging was that I needed to do to get all my food. I have forgotten to eat for days at a time. If I don't take me meds I'm almost guaranteed to forget to eat breakfast or lunch, and dinner is 50/50. 

I've gotten myself dangerously dehydrated when off my meds because I was doing something and lost track of time, then suddenly it was 8 hours later. 

I agree that there are cultural elements to where the line for ADHD treatment gets decided, but some of yours are very decidedly on the ADHD side of all lines.  I don't mean to be ganging up on you, I just had another thought I forgot to mention before. I agree that *where we draw the line of disorder* is culturally defined, but the existance of ADHD as a condition is beyond reasonable doubt. 

ADHD is a genetic condition, this is clearly shown in study after study. They have even started to pinpoint *which* genes contribute to it. ADHD causes (or is caused by, depending on where you are looking from) a delay in the development of several brain areas. This delay can (and does) turn into a permanent condition, once the person hits their late twenties and the brain stops developing.

Whether we call it a disorder, or a different way of thinking, those are the facts.

Edit: I see that you already said you agree that it is a disorder. I tend to get caught up in things and go overboard (gee, whoda thunk it, right?)

Despite the fact that we disagree on many points, I am glad you took the time to share your opinion. I hope my responses don't lead to bad feeling. ADHD isn't on the Autism spectrum, it is however most likely its own spectrum of conditions with a symptoms and causes in common.

Medication may seem bad, but all the evidence is that ADHD medications have a few possible negative side effects, and a long list of positive effects. In any given individual the side effects may outway the benefits, in which case that medication is wrong for that individual.

Unfortunately, research has shown time and timr again that education, training, and even therapy have been shown to have very limited benefits on their own to people with ADHD. It's not a disorder knowledge or understanding so much as a disorder of cognition and execution. Without medication to counterbalance the neurological deficiencies in the ADHD brain education just doesn't help. Studies have presented evidence that, in some children diagnosed with ADHD, early stimulant use may help overcome some of these neurological deficiencies.  Apparently they can sometimes help rewire those parts of the frontal lobe that are deficient while the brain is still growing and plasticity is still high?  I'd share some links but I'm on mobile right now. I just worry. Worry I'm not a good enough mom. Worried he's going to hate me when he's older for medicating him and taking him to therapy to try and learn how to deal with his outbursts and lack of social skills. Anyways, this isn't about me. Hope you get some peace. Thanks for sharing. My mother and I certainly thought dry mouth, extreme far sightedness and complete inability to physically act out my decisions were normal. Teachers were happy because I was quiet, but I would stand on the edge of the pool for 20 minutes or so screaming at myself internally trying to jump in before being able to actually do it.

She eventually figured it out when her "tried and true" soothing method stopped working. She would by me broken mechanical stuff from the thrift store (egg timers, sprinkler heads, model kits with missing pieces) and I would take them apart figure out what was broken/missing and fashion some sort of replacement piece out of other junk).

When she realized I didn't care about those anymore she told the doctors and teachers "your wrong, this isn't right for him" and took me off it. It's only now 30 years later I'm considering on my own trying to work with dialing some meds in with a doctor. I've been self medicating with pot, caffeine and sugar since then. Thank you for your kind words and I'm so glad you found something that works for you.  I completely agree with this. I ask my child every single day how he feels and if anything hurts me how his stomach and heart feel etc. helps that I'm a nurse ☺️ he loves being my patient! I am one of those parents that actually listens to their kid probably because of his heart and I'm just always going to worry! We are doing swimming! I was a competitive swimmer for 12 years and he is a little fish ☺️ I completely agree with this! Parents should listen to their children and - when possible - make them a part of decisions. Especially when it comes to medication. Bro works for me. This sub and r/raisedbynarcissists are the two communities here that I feel the most at home in. It really is amazing to be able to have our experiences validated and know that we are truly not alone. I only hope to contribute at least as much as I've gotten from here, and be able to help others. We're much stronger together than struggling separately. It's good to meet you as well.  :) I'm 37 and was diagnosed about your age. Our stories are incredibly similar. My school told my mother I had really bad grades compared to my testing ability, and thought that and other things might be symptoms of an issue.  

My mom thought they were just trying to shove me into special ed or something, and never even mentioned it to me.

So, if I can speak from a few years in your future, the medication really does help. I do have a lot of regrets from my time off medication, but all you can do is work from where you are.  Thanks, usually I'm not self conscious about my English but after reading this I felt like my thoughts were racing through my head and so I feel like its easier to mess up when my head in such chaos, so I wanted to warn upfront, maybe unnecessary.  Wellbutrin isn't a stimulant?  You're right on the spelling of guanfacine. Source: I was started on it and have the bottle in front of me. It hasn't done anything for me, so I'm finishing out this course, then will be on Vyvanse exclusively. The other on-label non-stimulant is clonidine. My provider was hesitant to try that out with me as I have had ED side effects from antidepressants before, and that is one of the common side effects of clonidine. Not an issue for kids of course, but it's something adult men would need to take into account. **Feingold diet**

The Feingold diet is an elimination diet initially devised by Benjamin Feingold, MD. (1899–1982) following research in the 1970s which appeared to link food additives with hyperactivity; by eliminating these additives and various foods the diet was supposed to alleviate the condition.

Popular in its day, the diet has since been referred to as an "outmoded treatment"; there is no good evidence that it is effective, and it is difficult for people to follow.

***

^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&message=Excludeme&subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/ADHD/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^]
^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.24 Ya, not quite up to snuff... As [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feingold_diet#Reception) notes, a committee found:

>"no controlled studies have demonstrated that hyperkinesis is related to the ingestion of food additives."

The 'tough, frustrating and socially stigmatizing at times' thing sounds like there was no change, at least in terms of effects... whatever the cause, you still had crap to deal with as a kid.

I took my son to a festival yesterday and didn't have to talk to him about his behavior even once, and no back rubs/head massages to keep him calm in a public place. He had a great time. So far we're on the lowest dosage.

 My 2 cts. For some folks, diet alone is enough, but not for all. The same can be said for a variety of things, even meds.

We tried everything. What *did* help was going gluten free, although not as much as meds. My husband is very sensitive to gluten (blinding headaches), so it wasn't too much of a leap to get my son on the diet as well. We did this (more on than off) for several years, but it wasn't until I started baking "healthy" sourdough that son fell into some sort of malaise. He couldn't keep awake during the day, and the teachers were calling within weeks. Stopping the gluten was marvellous, but we were back to his usual inattention and disorganisation. Meds took care of that.  Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feingold_diet
***
^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^87373 I hated my dr meetings,  she and my mother talked like i wasn't in the same room.  No questions directed at me,  and the meeting lasted only about 10 minutes sometimes less. I never got the chance to say I want to stop. And because the zombie-fication became so strong, I started failing classes for a whole other slew of reasons which caused them to decide I needed my dosage raised. 

I'm really glad that medication work for so many people and I agree,  had there been communication my experience would've been very different.  

I think if I have a kid who has adhd, I'll likely explore nonmedicinal options first, if only to give them the tools they will need with or without meds. And only if there isn't improvement with the nonmedicinal treatments would I switch to medication. And only after having a talk with them and allowing them to be vocal during treatment. It's such a shame because I would've liked to use my bottled up potential and excelled in school but I was a ghost of a person for so long i just didn't care.  Hi. I'm a random stranger to Reddit who benefited from this thread. I don't use Reddit much. My path here was this:  walk away from hot stove and forget about it for 20 minutes this am. Realize what I did. Wonder if the lifelong pattern of me doing this is part of the (untreated) ADHD I was diagnosed with a few years ago. Google. Find a different reddit thread confirming that stove-forgetting is indeed common for those with ADHD. See the link to this thread at the bottom the page... annnd rabbit hole. 

I am now reconsidering my initial position of non-medication for both myself and especially my ADHD-diagnosed 5-year-old, whom I have been so far trying to treat with lots of physical activity, low tv exposure and outdoor time. Thanks for this.  The trend I am looking for is the cause of death. Are the causes work related, disease, murder, etc.? Are all these deaths solely accident related? Were other variables taken to account like road conditions, time of day, weather conditions, etc.. Basically, people throw it around but I have never seen any research that wasn't in something like a DailyMail article or anything. I haven't gone to the extent to find the research myself, but if you have anything worth sharing, I'd be willing to read it.  I wholeheartedly agree with the points you bring up. As a (only marginally related but bear with me) side thought in relation to your edit: if a child is not experiencing distress or negative effects from ADHD, does it even qualify as ADHD? For it to truly deserve its final D, to be a disorder, doesn't it have to cause problems in several parts of your life? 

At least, this is what my therapist told me when diagnosing me - that they only give the diagnosis if the disorder causes 'enough' distress in several areas of someone's life, otherwise it's not a disorder and therefore not ADHD (here in the Netherlands that's a normal way to handle this because of fear of over-diagnosing). So even if someone who is not experiencing thát much distress from it would want treatment, they couldn't get it at all - since there's no diagnosis. 

Luckily my ADHD was severe enough to 'deserve' a diagnosis and therefore treatment (which has helped me tremendously) but what if my troubles had been a little less, not meeting the requirements and therefore not being able to benefit from medication? One of the rare instances that I was glad for the (sufficient) severity of my condition. 

This way of thinking has always puzzled me.  Is it the same where you are? [removed] [deleted] >I will undoubtedly get from other mom's when he starts kindergarten 

My 10-year-old started medication yesterday. He's not the most eloquent speaker, but after Day One he said, 'I felt more obedient and that I took the time to consider alternatives and consequences.'

I'm not crazy about his word choice for obedient, but he's saying he didn't get in trouble or get corrected as much. I wonder how much of his perspective is painted by our having talked to him about the medication, but I did notice positive changes in him. 

We played Dixit, an open-ended card game that heavily depends on tempering your imagination with subtle strategy... we never score the game because he'd come in dead last every time, but this time I did score it and he came in second (out of four), with some extremely thoughtful moments in the game that were uncharacteristic of the impulsive not-thought-through contributions he normally makes.

His crazy body movements and random verbal outbursts are reduced, which if sustained will help with friendships.

For comparison to your 5-year-old... my son was friendly with every child in his class, but on the playground did solo play. When it came time to plan his birthday party near the end of the year, I realized he'd not been invited to even one party the whole year. To assemble an invite list, I had to give him a photo of his class picture to pick kids to invite. Similarly, his 4th birthday party had only one preschool friend show up.

We moved him to a smaller school, half the size, for first grade and he formed two friendships with kids who have similar issues. His first two teachers there were super understanding and he got by, but his latest one is not, which is what inspired us into considering medication. It was a sort of wake-up call that yes his behaviors we've come to accept at home have hurt his friendship building and will hurt his school performance very soon (he's tops in reading and math, utterly rubbish in handwriting and writing essays/narratives, and actually dislikes reading despite testing at high school level). We've got to develop a solution that will help him succeed now and have the abilities he needs to thrive in adulthood. The fact that you worry about being a good mom means you are one.  A lot of parents don't give their parenting skills a second thought...you're doing great.  You're doing the right things.  

I was diagnosed with ADHD two years ago as an adult...and I wish I had been diagnosed as a child.  My life changed so in the most awesome and profound way with medication.  It looks like my 9 year old daughter has ADHD as well....we're currently in the testing stage...and if it's what my doctor recommends, I will not hesitate to medicate her.  I don't ever want her to feel the way I felt growing up.  I just wish I had caught it sooner (in me and in her).

If you can find, "My Brain Needs Glasses" it's a great book to read with your son...it will clarify things.   Special Education teacher here.  Most kids I've had with engaged parents that do this recognize the roles of therapy and medicine. Hold them accountable and engage in discussion with teachers. They will grow to be responsible for managing their behavior, choices, and impulses with your help.  

Don't doubt that you're doing the right thing, but do talk to your kid about how those sessions translate to life, especially in situations where you aren't there to guide them.  I harbor some slight resentment to my parents for doing the exact opposite of what you have done. Even just this morning I had a 2 hours conversation with my father where he tried to say I will grow out of ADHD if I try and focus hard enough. 

You are doing a wonderful job paying attention to your son and his needs. I actually teared up reading how much effort you put into his well-being instead of neglecting this aspect of his life. My dad doesn't think I need my therapist. 

Your son is going to thank you and appreciate your sacrifices. My friends with ADHD who got diagnosed early on, saw a therapist regularly, and recieved medication as well as extra attention in school are all doing better because of that. Please don't stop what you are doing for your son. You're doing the right thing. If I could just pretend your my mom for a minute.

Thank you so much for being the BEST mom, making me food, reading to me, helping me read. And yes thank you for the therapy and meds, although I'm not sure the meds were for the best. Might have been what got me interested in recreational drugs. But those weren't a problem, it was a problem who I was hanging out with and socializing with, but that's nothing that you can control. Except when I hang out with you and watch Hockey, those are the best times. When I was a kid there probably weren't specialized classes for ADHD, but if there are today totally enroll you kid in them, because preparation preparation preparation, so key being prepared for as many situations as life can throw at a growing kid will help SO much!
I'm sorry I'm 33 and still living in your house, sorry I dropped out of college I chose the wrong one on a whim. I could have done better. As long as you are understanding and openminded, you're doing the most important part right. And it seems you are. I wish my struggles had been recognized when I was young and that I had received help.   Your son may thank you some day for getting him help.  He may never realize what he may have gone through without your help.  

He may end up labeled, but I was was labeled a "problem child" nevertheless.  My mom was likely judged anyway. I know it's so hard.  We can't do anything right.  It's always going to be wrong to someone somewhere.   We just do the very best we can at the time and hope our children know every choice we made was out of love.  

I was born in the 70's and ADD (ADHD- Inattentive if we want to get all formal about it)  for girls just wasn't a thing, except that it was.  My adolescent years were total shit and I never got any help for it, but I don't blame my parents.  Maybe I did, but then I had kids of my own. 

I have two girls on the autism spectrum.  One with Classic Autism and one High Functioning (like Aspergers) but with a host of other issues, including ADHD.  

I can't tell you how many nights I've cried, wondering if I'm doing literally anything right.   It's really an impossible job.    I can only imagine. I don't have children (yet at least), and despite my own experience I don't think I could make that decision without worry. I do think it's the best decision available, though. Thank you for sharing, too. It always does me good to hear things from the other side (as it were). Don't be worried. 

Seriously.

I'm 30 and was diagnosed last year. It's always been a problem but psychologists are specialists which means my insurance won't cover as much of the cost and I could finally afford to get checked out.

The important thing is to find the *right* medicine. For me, it's a stimulant. 

I didn't know what was wrong with me. My dad and step mom had my sister checked out in elementary school, she was diagnosed with ADD, prescribed Ritalin and it ruined who she was over the 6 years she took it. My mom convinced me that God just made me with a bad memory and that I was just overly nervous. 

I was a mediocre student. I was in accelerated programs in elementary school and honors classes throughout all of high school. I was never the worst in the class, but rarely the top. I maintained a steady b- in history and advanced math, and straight A+, nearly top of the class in anything English, science, basic (below pre-calculus) math and anything creative (art, music). Any time I had to remember names, dates, or conceptualize abstract math (I can't tell you what a derivative is, and I've taken - and failed - calculus twice), my brain just fizzled out. 

I sat in the back of classes and either played Zelda or Tetris on my gameboy (I had a slight addiction to video game) or I drew. Always kept my hands busy. My teachers only allowed this because I made a deal with them: let me do this and any moment you call on me, I promise never to ask to be caught up. I basically told them to call me out on the difficult questions and I'd gladly answer them in front of everyone. 

I almost always got an A in those classes, even through advanced topics like chemistry. Something was wrong with my brain, but nobody would listen, so I found ways to cope. 

I battled depression from never feeling good enough because I couldn't finish anything. I still can't be involved in group projects without taking control, and I honestly just would rather be left to do my own thing rather than socialize. My impulsivity has cost me relationships and almost my marriage. 

But I was convinced that this was "how God made me". 

I started smoking pot in college, and it helped considerably - this was when I really started to realize that maybe there's something wrong with my brain for real. If I only smoked a little, I could function at peak performance physically, but it slowed my brain to the point of operating "normally".  I was still afraid of pharmaceuticals, however, because of other people I saw have personality changes on Ritalin. 

After 8 years together my wife basically told me if I didn't seek help, she didn't know how much longer we would last. I saw a psychiatrist who refused to diagnose ADHD for what he considered someone seeking to abuse stimulants (I'm 30, for christ's sake, not a 19 year old drug dealer). I was put on Welbutrin and Zoloft for depression and anxiety, and turned into a care free asshole who still didn't have any attention span. SSRIs fucked my brain up for about two months before I poured them in the trash and got a second opinion. That cold turkey withdrawal was one of the worst I've experienced. 

I was then diagnosed with ADHD by a new doctor and was put on Concerta and again, felt like shit all the time, but I could at least focus on how shitty I felt. 

My life is better than ever now, I'm currently on 60mg Vyvanse daily and 2x20mg adderall daily as my doctor and I dial in my correct dose. I'm able to focus, my productivity at work is up at least 300%, and I'm working more accurately. I'm still iffy on groups - I'm the only active software dev/engineer in my company and am gunning for the CTO position only three years into my career. My interpersonal relationships have been improving, however, I find I have a good bit more social anxiety. 

And that's likely due to not being able to focus enough to develop social skills as a kid. 

Don't worry. They may be angry for a while, but I still, at 30, hold resentment for my parents ignoring my mental health problems because of the social stigma. They set me back *years* developmentally in terms of social skills and personal responsibility, as well as financially due to the number of car accidents my lack of attention had been partially responsible for. 

The most important thing you can do is to monitor your kid with new meds and make sure that they're not unhappy with who they are. Ritalin can bring people down and mute personalities if not monitored, but I understand why its the first med tried instead of stimulants. Remember that you're responsible for their healthcare, including mental health, and when they're older, they'll understand, but the most important part of the process is to communicate with your child. Keep an observational journal, and when they're old enough to write, have them also track their mood at a minimum. 

Just be aware that mental health care is a process and as much of an art as it is a science. I'd not have taken 7 years and $105k in loans for a bachelor's degree had this been treated earlier.  A shame you and your mom had bad doctors back then. A lot has changed since then so hopefully you will have more luck with the options today. 

Good luck!
 That is so great. I'm almost crying here. Just the other day I remembered how I tried to tell my parents that something was wrong, but they wouldn't listen. I'm so glad you are there for your child. :-) You said it. I have regrets, but mostly I feel so blessed and grateful to have this chance to start over. Nope, it's an NDRI. It blocks reuptake of norepinephrine and dopamine. Stimulants do somewhat block reuptake, but their main mechanism is to directly increase release of norepinephrine and dopamine. Wellbutrin can produce activation, but its difference in mechanism designates it as a non-stimulant treatment for ADHD (also an approved treatment for major depression and smoking cessation).  I thought that Guanfacine was mostly prescribed for kids with ADHD (my son is on it), so I'm surprised you're on it. I was under the impression it didn't work well for adults - which has me worried for my son in the future, because it works so well for him. I don't know what we'll do when it stops working... 😕 God. I'm so sorry. That is one of the worst perversions of psychiatry.

I wholeheartedly support having one's child be a part of the decisions effecting them (not just involving medicine either), and if/when it does come up I hope you will find a solution that works for both of you. You're very welcome :-) It was reading a similar commant that set me on my own path to diagnosis and treatment. That's why I put so much effort into writing posts like this, and it's really great to know someone was touched by it.

Thank you for doing your best for your child. I do *heartily* support trying medication for both of you. It can take time to find the right medication, and (I feel like I don't need to tell you this, but) it's so important that you talk to your child through the whole process if you do decide to try it. Tell him or her to talk to you, as well, if s/he feels anything bad or unpleasant. 

I really feel like you don't need me to tell you that. This is me trying to make it up to myself for my own childhood more than anything else. I think your child is lucky to have you. :-)

(aaaand here I go off for pages and pages on why I care so much and put so much effort into posts like this.)

My whole childhood I was eating organic, whole-grain, home-grown, sugar free, (fill in buzzword here). My TV time was *very* limited and I was constantly outdoors. All these things I actually think are great, and would probably raise my own kids in a similar way as far as that goes.

Unfortunately, my parents were also adamantly, vehemently, against Psychiatry/the mental health 'establishment' in general and the very concept of ADHD in particular. Of course they also raised my with the same beliefs. Not only was I not given any treatment, or even therapy for the many problems I suffered through, but I was practically indoctrinated in the belief that what I experienced was normal, that there was nothing worng with me, and given that trying to 'change' myself was wrong.

Just for one example: when I was around nine I think I suffered a major depressive episode. I only vaguely remember it, but I felt tired all the time, had a hard time doing anything, and just kinda felt depressed. I remember I would tell my parents and siblings that I wanted to die, and would ask if someone help me do that. They're response was that 'it's just a phase'. My siblings were annoyed by it and would ask for permission to do it for me.

(This remained a family joke for years: 'Do you remember when u/ArdentFire use to say he wanted to die?' hahahaha. For all I know they're still laughing about it. Anyway, gotten off track here)

After I left my parents house I finally started trying to figure out where my problems come from, of course I wouldn't/couldn't consider seeing a psychiatrist or receiving psychiatric treatment. The first Neurologist I went to actually said 'you have ADHD' after *2* minutes of talking to him. I was so freaked out by this I left and never saw him again.

(To be fair to myself he was a total asshole besides that)

I've finally gotten to the point! It only took me a short story to do it. It was about two years after that meeting that I stumbled onto a post on this subreddit that made *everything* fall into place. Reading about ADHD (and especially watching Dr. Russall Barkley's lectures) made *my whole life* make sense for the first time. Since then I have started medical treatment, and it has literally turned my whole life around. I am not exaggerating when I say everything is better since I started.

I didn't spend too much time regretting the lost years of my childhood, there's no way they were going to turn out different given my neurochemistry and my parents, but I still sometimes think about that time I walked out of the Neuro's office and those two years when I absolutely refused to even consider any connection to ADHD. I think of how much accepting my condition, getting a diagnosis, and getting treatment have done for me. I *refused* that when it was offered to me in a silver platter.

I don't want anyone else to miss the chance to get help, like I did back then. That's why I care so much, that's why I keep coming back to this. That's why your reply makes me feel so overwhelmed with emotion.

And if you actually read all this. Thank you :-) I hope you have a great day.


 ADHD is indirectly responsible for the smaller lifespan, the disorder leads to behavior that increases chances of dying.
And I say it because there are studies done on it: 
Here's the [Milwaukee Longitudinal Study](http://oxfordmedicine.com/view/10.1093/med/9780190213589.001.0001/med-9780190213589-chapter-4). It's behind a paywall, but you can check out [this great video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WroDEcG7tJc) if you can't acess it. It's Barkley explaining the research on ADHD outcomes, including the MKE study. I highly recommend it, he's a very engaging speaker! Oh yes. I think I actually meant to point that out, but I forgot. Thank you :-)

That is one area where the ADHD deniers are *half* right. If it does not cause distress, or severe enough consequences otherwise,  it is not technically a disorder, the problem is where you draw the line, and how that line us defined currently has more to do with cultural issues than medical ones in many cases. Some nations/individuals require more 'proof' or more 'serious' distress to allow a diagnosis and therefore treatment.

Hopefully this is something that will get sorted out as we uncover more of the biological/neurological underpinnings of ADHD and can more objectively diagnose it. I think that whatever the time or place it could, and depending on severity would, cause impairment. There isn't a profession where 'being able to plan effectively for the future' isn't an important quality. Especially farming, actually. I grew up on a farm, most of the job is planning effectively. I could go on about that, too. If I let myself (eye roll) Thank you for this. My mom and mother in law are from the generation that kids can just be disciplined into "listening and being good". Um nope. That shit is real. Thank God as a nurse I have actually studied development and don't listen to them. I'm not "disciplining" my kid to listen aka spanking or whatever. He has a legit problem that needs treated. Thank you kind stranger! You really brightened my day. And I am so sorry for your dad 😢 Where's the damned parenting manual?! Seriously! I'm 33 and ADHD wasn't really a "thing@ growing up. People just said it was boys being boys or basically kids needed their asses beat. Well now our generation gets to deal with raising these kids and it IS real. I'm just glad there are actually resources now for it. And you're right. It never stops. We aren't ever doing it right, we will always fuck up some how but at least we are TRYING! Props! https://youtu.be/XHd48MbyBzY

You might want to watch this :). Hope it helps :) Not so sure it was bad doctors as much as just general lack of knowledge, I was being flown to mass to be treated at the Boston children's hospital constantly and it got to the point where we also realized they had no idea what they were looking at and wanted to study me. They would have me work all kinds of crazy puzzles hooked up to an eeg machine and the result was usually a larger and larger group of doctors standing around the machine each time. I sort of was become a professional patient. I'm so sorry 😭nothing I say here can even begin to help you.  Interesting. Thanks. I'm not sure about that. As far as I understand, sometimes people are prescribed a mixture of both for better overall efficacy. In my personal case, I had a month-long wait to get cardiology testing before my doctor would prescribe me stimulants. The guanfacine was just a test to see if it helped at all in the meantime.

As far as your son goes, as long as you continue working with the doctors and give him the tools he needs to start taking charge of his own care that you're currently doing for him as he gets older, he will be fine. If guanfacine stops working, there are other options and med schedules can be adjusted. I'd also highly recommend therapy if he's not already doing it. A big part of living with ADHD is developing coping strategies to effectively utilize our brains, which are different than those of "normal" people. Trust me when I say, having to figure that all out entirely on your own is not fun. I agree.  And I do see the merits of medication because adhd  is really hard to cope with. There have been a few times where I play with the idea of finding a good psychiatrist and trying again,  usually if my anxiety gets high or I'm toying with the idea of going back to school,  but I don't think I could handle losing myself again. That being said, I know it helps,  I have a friend who was on concerta (the last med I ever tried and the one I went cold turkey from - always talk to a Dr before doing that, I lost my impulse control for a long long time) and she really felt it improved her life. It's so interesting how something can work so well for one person and so terribly for another. I'm definitely in favor of doing what's best for each individual. Would I benefit and excel from a great doctor and properly dosed medication,  oh I'm sure i would, but I'm also sure if I had a Dr that worked with me on life skills and coping mechanisms,  I'd do well too. That isn't to say adhd doesn't effect every facet of my life all the time,  because it does.  I job jump like crazy, I've been unfaithful a lot, and unless I try extra hard my house is a disaster, there's more but at this point I don't know what parts of my personality are adhd  related and what are just my little quirks haha High-five, I too was raised on a farm! 

Obviously we all have the ability to effectively plan for the future. Some might have a bit more of an impairment than others, but we aren't human vegetables. We do not completely lack this ability. There is no way we would survive, if we did not have some ability to do this. 

Besides, ADHD people were speculated to be more nomadic / hunter & gather than farmers, so my example might not have been the best, but my point wasn't about the particular role of the individual. It was about the level of impairment is situational.  [deleted] That. Was amazing. <3 It helps to know someone is getting the care I didn't.  It really does. Thank you. Yes, he's in three different therapies (OT, social skills group, and regular therapy). We've noticed a huge difference in the last year so all his/our work is paying off. :) Something to remember too is that many people have to take medication before they can utilize those life skills and coping mechanisms.  Often, we know what we SHOULD do, but can't implement the knowledge to improve things.  

This was definitely the case with me.  I knew good and well that I needed to get myself on a consistent sleep schedule, make really detailed lists of what I needed to do every day, keep a clean and uncluttered environment, have a place for every thing so I wouldn't stress myself out hunting for stuff, etc.  I could learn all about these techniques and when and how I should implement them...and yet I would stay up all night playing games or getting stuck in a wiki loop because my brain just wouldn't shut up, everything was a dirty disorganized mess into which bills and important paperwork would disappear, the careful lists I made would just get lost or forgotten, and I would explode with raging meltdowns on the regular because the inability to do simple, adult things was driving me crazy.  Meds changed ALL of that.  Am I perfect now?  Course not, I still have bad days.  Occasionally, I have awful days.  But on meds, I can at least partially implement a lot of these things on the regular now.  Clothes get washed, semi-healthy food gets cooked instead of impulse binging on Pringles, bills get paid, car gets maintenance, etc.  My wife can stand me again.  It's nice.  

I'm really sorry that you had such a bad reaction to what they put you on, but there are many more options available now then there were in the past.  There are several different families of stimulant drugs, Welbutrin is off-label but helps some people immensely with very few/no side effects, etc.  Good luck in your journey. As long as it works for you, that's what's important :-) 
 I am so sorry for that. I was physically and mentally abused by my mother for 18 years (I don't have ADHD she's just a shitty mom) and I will be damned to continue that cycle. Now, saying that, I'm not going to pretend my son doesn't get a pop on his little behind when he does something very naughty but it's as a last resort. I will not beat my child into submission.  She has some good videos for parents and kids. Her video on ADHD meltdowns and the glitter jars was really helpful for me and probably would be moreso for a young kid.
Good luck :) That's awesome. He's lucky to have great parents like you. [deleted] Nah I think I did pretty good. 4.0 in grad school, been a nurse for over 6 years and about to start teaching undergrads and hope to be a professor one day. Get my Master's degree in 11 days! Rise above. Never stop trying to be better. Oh and it helps to move to the other end of the state and visit once a year 🤣🤣🤣🤣 [deleted] Nurse Educator. Not as glamorous but it's my favorite nursing job so far! I love my students! [deleted] Best of luck!!!!! Flash cards! There is an app some of my fellow students used called study blue. Keep up with the reading, go to class, take notes, and get an NCLEX review book to learn how to take nursing tests. They are a beast! All the answers are correct you have to pick the one that is the MOST correct, or least likely to kill your patient 🤣🤣🤣 