Take my money: Passion Planner: The One Place for All Your Thoughts — Kickstarter  They offer a free Pdf where you can print the layout if you are okay with using paper and not a book. Pretty neat, I'm having a lot of luck with 'google keeper' since it lets me archive stuff and then set reminders for myself to look into them letter. Its a little less bloated than someother planner type things, and works better for my personal work style SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY. holy crap yes Looks like a pretty nifty tool, but nothing that you can't layout for free in your own notebook.

This thing is $30+, I think it would be better to grab a knock-off moleskine for $5 and spend an afternoon laying it out just like you like.  Talk about impulsivity, think I've just pledged to order this (for late January + extra cost for shipping to the UK?). Oops. I'm a sucker for notebooks and I'm a huge fan of the dotted A5 notebooks with page numbering and a table of contents from Leuchtturm1917. Actually putting some writing into them is another story though.

Oh well, I guess I'll be getting this one and then I'll see how it goes. My immediate response is 'ooh shiny/new, buy it!' but I guarantee you I would use it for maybe a week and then either forget about it or leave it somewhere... Yeah, I'm going to print the pdf. I can punch holes and maybe put it in a binder. I work at a craft store, I'm sure I'll be able to figure out something.  Yeah, they say the whole social media sharing thing, but since the only outlet I would post this on is reddit and it's already here not much point. 

Downloads are on their main website anyway. I actually didn't notice that the first time, that's really cool of them. I love Google keep! It's really helpful for reminders and collating all my notes. As great as it is, typing things into my phone doesn't quite do the trick. 

I'm a kinesthetic learner, so the pen to paper method works really well for me. I usually have three different notebooks and journals with me, so I feel like this will be a good way to mainstream all my notes and appointments.  Sitting down and starting on a somewhat big task like that and then finishing it though..... You'll be so organized though!  I carry around a planner and an assortment of legal pads, so I take some time to transfer everythign to either the planner or google keep at the end of the day. Otherwise I end up with piles of notes! Better make sure you popped some meds about 15 minutes ago, am I right? Haha. If I don't forget to check my emails to confirm I want one sent out! :S haha I forgot to check :( Aw man :( can you still get one though? Will it just arrive a bit later? She's sent out a link where you can print off the weekly calendars and stuff whilst waiting for the actual planner :) x Great idea! I have a feeling that my SO ordered me one, but it hasn't arrived yet. More will be revealed! In the meantime I'll definitely print some out... If I remember to get ink for my printer.  Haha set an alarm on your phone to remind you to get printer ink! :) 