Remembering to ask your boss questions? I'm 27 and work as a marketing assistant at a busy law firm. I just started this job about three months ago, and in that time the firm has made a lot of changes as to what is expected of my position - that means new, complex projects, that nobody can tell me how to do (including the person who used to be in my position).

My main boss, the managing partner of the firm, has VERY little time to communicate with me - apart from a single 45-minute chat, he has barely spoken to me except to drop by my desk for a few fleeting seconds to give me new projects. He absolutely does not answer emails (I know he just doesn't have time but I find this infuriating), and he is seldom in the office unless he's having a meeting or on the phone. I'll often go weeks without being able to get in touch with him at all, and when I do, I'm chasing him down the hall to exchange a couple of words.

The issue I keep running into is that he'll give me a project that, when you say it out loud, SOUNDS simple and straighforward - e.g., "Please make a list of all the events for each organization we're part of." In the moment, my customer service background kicks in and the only response that occurs to me is "Yes sir! Right away!" But then I go back to my desk, sit down, and realize I have a MULTITUDE of questions. Does he mean ALL the events? That's like 200 events a month. That can't be right, this would be my full-time job at that point. Does he want just the date and time and a link, or does he want registration deadlines, which of our members is part of the organization, etc? When does he want this done? What is he using it for? Where is it going, who is going to use it? Does it need to look pretty? That's when I realize, I don't even know how to find out what organizations we're part of, and THEN discover, half these organizations have event calendars that can only be accessed by members... you see how this gets out of hand, and it happens with almost every project he gives me.

But I never think of these questions WHILE I'm talking to my boss, and emailing him later is pointless - he just simply doesn't respond. I'll ask him when I see him if he got my message, and he'll just say "yes, I'm sorry I'll get to that soon!" and speeds off. I've tried asking others and my predecessor for help - none of them ever know what he wants either!

Am I just over-thinking simple projects? Is there a way I can pause and try to think of what snags I'll run into during the original conversation? Is this inability to think of the right questions in-the-moment a symptom of my ADHD, or is it something else? Am I unfairly blaming myself for my boss's poor communication skills?

All advice appreciated. I would schedule a 30 minute meeting with him each week to touch base in person to go over ALL questions you have with him. Let him know it is imperative you touch base, so you can continue to do your job effectively and in a timely manner. 

Write down any and all of your questions. 
Email them to him the night before your meeting so he can prepare before hand. 
Then during the meeting address the issues. 

Anytime you get a knee project always ask:
Who is involved, attending, etc
What do you specifically want done, layout would you like, etc
Where do I find help, is the meeting taking place, etc
When is this due, would you like a follow up, etc
Why are we doing this, is this project important, etc
How important is this, big of a scope would you like to see, many _____, etc

That will eliminate some of your questions and should steer you in the right direction. 

If he is too busy to make time for you, he shouldn't be your supervisor, or should be directing you to resources for you to be able to get your job done. 

Every good manager will meet with you face to face (or teleconference if they don't work in your building) weekly.  Think of it this way. Make it your business to know everything. As his assistant, ask every question possible when he is in front of you, even if it takes 10 minutes. The more you do it, the more you will get to know him. The more you get to know him, the less you will have to ask him. If you think of it as trying to anticipate his needs, the job becomes a bit easier. You have to be hands on 100% and he will appreciate it in the long run, because he will know that you know the answers, and you aren't afraid to ask if you don't. Right now, he assumes you not asking means you know. Don't be shy or afraid. Everyone I've ever worked for, would rather you stop them in their tracks (or when they give you the project) to get the correct details than assume and be wrong. Never assume. 

I've worked for Fortune 100 companies and that is the biggest piece of advice I can give. Ask questions! Lots and lots! Take notes! Soon you'll be able to read his mind and he'll love you for it.  Yes, as others have said- ask questions while you're receiving new projects. 

That being said, if you have follow up questions later, email them to him and then continue working on the project in what you imagine he wants. Make sure you get what he literally asks for, and leave room to adjust if necessary. Then when you have completed a smallish portion to the best you know, Send the project to him and say "here's a draft of what I plan to do, can you take a look at this layout and let me know if there's anything else you want me to add. I'll continue working in this format until you let me know otherwise! Thanks!" 

 I just made a post with similar issues! I will usually text my boss or swing by her office for clarification on things, but she is really nice and my office environment is lax.  Adding to other peoples comments, I'd just take some initiative also. Like the easiest way to get to the bottom of this is just asking why he needs it. If you understand why then you can understand what he wants from that. That would be an easier question to remember to ask and also encompass a lot more with less time. For instance if he says 'I want to use it for sending out an email', you know he needs contact details but nothing more. If you forget to do that, then I'd just do what you think is bare minimum of what he MIGHT need, send it and be like 'this is a list of the events, if you need more info, come back to me'

I'd say this is partially the person training yous fault and your boss but most of the time, especially in a busy law firm, you are expected to have a baptism by fire and just jump in and DO it without thinking. Thanks for this. That is great advice - I will definitely come up with a quick "who what where when why"-style set of questions to ask about each project to make sure I'm more informed. I'm coming to this from a position that was much more hands-on and self-explanatory, so that's likely why I'm not used to this kind of thinking yet.

As for meeting with him once a week - that's simply not going to happen. The trouble is, he's not just a manager, he's an attorney. So he's preoccupied with his actual job all the time, which has to be his first priority. The most I've been able to get is a verbal suggestion from him that we should sit down once a month - but I'm a little discouraged about that even being possible. The last time I tried to schedule a meeting with him, he pushed it back 5 or 6 times. I'm just feeling a little discouraged, and wondering if this is even a good fit for me. 