Awesome adhd job = Lyft and Uber So I started working for Lyft and Uber to supplement my income and it's literally so fun. 

I'm really talkative and restless so being able to just drive, listen to music, and  talk to people is awesome. I get to pick up random people and talk to them for 5min about random stuff, drop them off and pick up someone new. 

Working is so satisfying because  feel like I'm playing a  game and its never bored. Well, except when it's slow and there's no one needing a ride (but i never have to wait more than two minutes because I work weekend nights in a college town.) 

Driver app interface is awesome and not confusing.

 I don't have a boss to chastise me for making mistakes, and if I make small mistakes like miss a turn I sacrifice my tips and not my perceived ability to do my job. I am responsible for myself, and I don't have an employer judging my ability subjectively because they think my weaknesses are defects of character and not legitimate brain deficiencies. 

Basically after working in the restaurant I industry and being paid mainly in tips but getting yelled at and dealing with the owners (who pay me 2.50/hr bc that's legal in texas) after making one customer unhappy (even tho my 11 other tables were fine and gave me great tips) and almost losing my job, it's nice to be able to work for an app that doesn't make things a bigger deal than they are. Instead of one bad experience with a customer making it seem like you can't  do your job to an employer (who is human and can't be objective,) 
Uber Lyft have star ratings and so if most of my riders have good experiences I still have a good rating and I'm not going to get fired for upsetting one person. Working for these apps have changed my life bc I'm much happier working for customers directly and having my mistakes with one customer stay with one customer.  >who pay me 2.50/hr bc that's legal in texas

I briefly drove a cab when I was in my 20s, and can see where Uber and Lyft could fit ADHD brains well.

I'm not a rider, but my wife and daughter both are.  Fares seem pretty low, and it seems like it would be easy to chew up your car while barely covering expenses.  Be careful to track all your business miles, including the ones while running empty between calls.   

First, it makes sure you're not paying taxes on any more money than you have to.  

Second, it gives you a real idea of what your profit is--and it's not gross income minus gasoline. It's very unlikely that you're running your car for under 35 cents a mile.   That's awexome! My wife just started with Lyft, and I'm hoping it does her well. I've considered it, but my phone can't currently support it. C'est la vie. Slightly off track, but I read "Awesome hand job = Lyft and Uber" maybe I should get tested for dyslexia too... I delivered pizza for 6 years. All through hogh school and for most of college.  
  
I think there's something about driving in general that vibes well with ADHD. It's to the point that I actually don't like driving on my meds because I'm not longer bouncing all over the place and paying attention to the tiniest details of what's happening around me.  
  
Off the meds I swear I'm the best driver on the road. I've got a good mix of offensive and defensive driving habits and have a 6th sense for the dumbassery of other drivers.  
  
On my meds, I don't feel that confidence. I realize that I wasn't paying attention to car A behind me since I was focusing solely on car B to my left, or I won't know exactly what cars to look out for while changing lanes because I'm not constantly keeping tabs on what's behind me on the high way anymore.  
  
I swear it's like morpheous is uploading stunt driver skills on the days I don't take the meds and uninstalling it anytime I take my pill. Just swinging by to say I'm super happy for you self employment is the optimal choice for adhd sufferers going that way works for a lot of us. I'm getting qualified in hair to do the same thing, to be my own boss! Good luck! I don't like Uber. It is one of these businesses that screw over legit taxi drivers and think they are awesome because they use the latest tech, somehow that justifies being immoral.

Society always welcomes new technology, even if it hurts people's ability to earn a living. But taxi drivers have kids too and need to pay rent or have mortgage payments. And they work in a job that has been around for probably more than 2000 years, or ever since someone with an ox cart was hired and paid by someone to bring them someplace.

Uber willingly crosses boundaries and operates in grey areas because they know society and technophiles will support them and governments lag with rules and regulations. They cause problems everywhere they start up, all over Europe in large cities e.g. 

I suppose people feel justified working for this bastards and destroy a whole existing industry with the idea that 'they should have been more competitive.' Or 'go with the times'. Maybe so, but who will tell you the same thing when another app takes over or a new system to replace Uber and UberPop. You gonna cry and say it is unfair.

You know all, they did a study and found out that of all jobs the vast majority can be done with robots, machines and other automated systems. One day it is going to be your turn.

And no, you won't get help from daddy government because they are highly unprepared for technological changes. But in the meantime corporate bastards have already made millions and provided their shareholders with a lot of cash.

And you'll get fired even after, with so much hardship, you finally made it through college with a big debt you cannot pay off because by the time you graduated and perhaps worked some years in the field, your job is replaced by some technological system. Or an app with an AI behind it. That is what all the big tech companies strife for. How people cheer when their AI defeats a human Go player, or chess player. You won't be laughing so hard when your boss fires your sorry asses when he hires for a monthly fee at Microsoft of google or facebook an AI that that is a better consultant than you are, a better cashier, a better bookkeeper, a more precise welder or engineer, designer or designer of apps and websites. 

Like 80&#37; of all jobs can be done by machines or machines with an AI attached. And no, this isn't about The Terminator, that is about as dumb a notion as thinking of  autism in terms of Rainman with Dustin Hoffman.

I am not against new technologies, but they need to have value to society and not kick people out of the way mercilessly.

If ADHD means you have more trouble in school, which you go to to be able to compete on the job market, if you then land a job but find it hard to do it well because of the myriad issues that arise with ADHD, then you should have a heart for people who will lose their livelihood because of society's dumbass idea that all new tech is somehow not to be questioned and must necessarily be implemented.

Your job might soon be replaced by an auto\-auto with an AI, which is a bad thing all by itself. And what are you gonna do then. Back to the restaurant? By that time robot carts wait on tables, they never get an order wrong, they are friendly and don't need time off for a shrink appointment or a medicine run.

Good luck working for Uber!  Also your Lyft application for employment gets processed faster, Uber takes a couple days longer so don't worry if she doesn't get an email confirming her Uber employment right away. :) Good luck to yall! Yeah I use sherpashare, the app for rideshare drivers :)
 exactly. as a rider its the best thing in the world. theres no reason to risk drinking and driving when i can get a ride for the cost of a drink. but drivers i feel like are getting robbed blind. and uber eats is worse - i generally have to pay <$4 for a delivery charge...so after ubers cut, those guys gotta be making a buck fiddy Does she have ADHD? Yeah you need unlimited data for sure. I hope it goes well for her! Pro tip, tell her she should work for Uber too so she can have both apps running at the same time and she will have less time waiting for rides and not making money. That's what I did last night and I made $30/hr bc you never know which app is used more and also sometimes Lyft pays more than Uber and sometimes Uber pays more than Lyft depending on the amount of people using Uber vs Lyft that night and the amount of people driving for Uber vs Lyft that night. LOL Times change though. If everyone's job is going to change, why should I feel bad for taxi drivers? "who will tell you the same thing when another app takes over or a new system to replace Uber and UberPop. You gonna cry and say it is unfair." Nah. A lot of jobs have already changed or degraded and people adapt. Rideshares do add value, although they're not perfect and I think workers have every right to demand better treatment. But many smaller cities/suburbs just didn't have very robust taxi industries before the flexibility of Lyft and such. And in some cities, the taxis are really bad (we're talking sexual harassment, shady practices regarding credit cards, unsafe vehicles) and deserve competition. If they wanted my business, they had their chance.  taxis had the perfect platform. all they needed to do was develop an app and market it correctly. theres a great business lesson hidden there - innovate or die we don't really have taxis where I live, so we have Uber. But I understand what you mean, it really sucks for the taxi cab industry these days. This is such a weird argument. There's some good reasons to dislike uber,  but the fact that they're technologically advanced  and better than taxis is not a good reason. 

Automation is a good thing. How we distribute the wealth it creates is where things get tricky. Sounds like a good tool.  I suspect that, in the case of Uber eats, there's some income from the restaurant. At least I hope so. She does not (AFAWK).

Yeah, or data at all; I'm with Republic Wireless & their awexome $15/mth rate (however, it's "data only on WiFi").

Funny you should say that; I was just suggesting to get that she "double-dip" & I'm glad to hear that works. Yeah it does! The strat is to have Uber run in the background and Lyft be what you're phone is on bc you can decline Uber requests but declining Lyft requests is bad for your Lyft rating. So always accept Lyft requests first and if there's an Uber request make sure to go offline on the Lyft app while you do your Uber ride and then go back to Lyft and go online with Lyft again. I go offline on Uber when I have Lyft requests too but that's more because I don't want to constantly be pinged by the requests from Uber when I'm trying to drive to pick up or drop off a rider "data only on wifi"? isnt that just using the wifi then? Thanks! I had no idea; I'll pass it along. Sort of. We're with Republic Wireless, and very happily.
https://republicwireless.com/cell-phone-plans/ 