Working in a cubical I work in an office with an open cube layout (standing desks in each corner with a table in the middle to “collaborate”) and it is very, very noisy.  I have struggled for 2 1/2 years with this layout.  My team is all female, 30s, and we all get along really well.  We all work together on projects so the talking is non-stop in our very laid back office.  Up until two weeks ago, I barely worked at all because I couldn’t get myself to sit down and tune them out enough to focus, I was bringing all of my work home.  Enter Adderall.  The past two weeks have been better.  

I found out today that my boss wants to expand our cube into a mega-cube with 8 of us inside.  Everyone is so happy about this change except me.  Even with my meds I am so nervous that this environment is just not conducive to me being able to focus.  I can’t help but feel my work environment is working against my ADHD.

Does anyone else work in an environment like this? How do you cope?  Am I just freaking out over nothing? 

 I have nearly the exact “collaborative but distractingly chatty” office problem you are suffering from. I also take Adderall. And I come from a previously even noisier office environment; a team of 30+ divided into only two spaces. 

Here’s what I’ve learned recently. I hope it helps.

1) Headphones. Noise-canceling seems like a good idea at first, but people can sneak up on you. It’s an isolating experience which I would not recommend. You also lose the “watercooler effect” of hearing about changes and updates to the project which may impact you. Earbuds are enough, and easy to carry from bag to pocket, etc. But keep everything low volume, so that mumbling (or your own name) can still be heard.

2) A “Work” playlist. I can’t recommend this enough. Moderate-BPM Electronica and Chillout music with minimal voices/singing (or Classical, Relaxation) can help people with ADHD increase their focus and productivity (source: my therapist who specializes in ADD/ADHD - take it or leave it). Therefore, I started using Spotify to curate my own hours-long playlist. I add new songs from time to time, but mostly I slip the headphones on like a comfy pair of shoes, and I’m off to Focusland with stuff familiar enough to ignore. I believe I made the playlist public. Ask me about it. With mild variety, it has music like this:
[Komodo - Concept 1 ](https://youtu.be/o3evFq3dDg8) 
[Emancipator - Dusk to Dawn](https://youtu.be/CP7VcsaoqZc) 

3) If possible, work on things away from your desk/computer. I now have the luxury of being able to bullet-list, sketch, or sometimes whiteboard the tasks of my day, as well as using computer programs and checking email. I have found that even in a medium traffic area somewhere else — just changing the chair, the height of the table, and the atmosphere around me — I can feel tentatively more focused. 

4) Take a break when people are particularly distracting. My office has a few “clowns” who like to “stir the pot”; if I feel it’s going on too long, I’ll refresh my coffee in hopes they’re wrapping it up by the time I get back. Alternatively, sometimes a group of 5 or more will arrive to discuss or brainstorm an idea unrelated to me, and the number of overlapping voices hinders my concentration. If I can’t work anyway, I may as well stretch my legs. 

Good luck. I had a very hard time with this. I solved it by using headphones and listening to music and put a note by my desk saying “Tap my shoulder to talk” so they’d know I had headphones in. 
Eventually my medication helped enough to let me not need music. 