Best power chair? My old Quantum is starting to die after many years of faithful service. I'm anxious about getting a new chair because my current one fits me so well, but if I have to replace, I might as well try to upgrade. 

What kind of power wheelchair do you have, and what do you like about it? Have you had any great or terrible experiences with wheelchairs? I have a Quickie QM-710. It’s awesome. Best chair I ever had.  I recently got a Permobil M3. No complaints yet, but I've received a lot of comments on how fancy my chair is lol It has a lot more capabilities than what I need at the moment, but PT & Neuro wanted to make sure I would have the options to add functions over the next few years just in case. Love how well it turns in tight spaces! I was in the same spot last year. After looking at the options, I decided to just change the battery and controller. Cost about $2500. I keep my chair in tip top shape.  I used a quantum for several years and it needed a few motors over the course of 6 years. 

My personal choice would be a 21st century. Solid frame and better quality parts. Expensive though. Thank you for the info! Is there anything in particular you like about it? That's great! Thanks for the info. I do like fancy things :) Thank you for the tip! My insurance said they'd rather just pay for a new chair because mine is so old. I'm guessing it may be old enough that the parts are hard to replace, or something.  Thank you for the info! I'd never heard of 21st Century—will check it out! Yes! It’s got a thing called spider-suspension, which is basically that all six wheels have independent movement from one another. So if you’re on a weird incline or bumpy road or curb cut, your wheels move to adapt to it. I also have features such as a 14” (I believe) elevate, recline, tilt, and the legs straighten out. It’s 8MPH which is pretty fast for a power chair. It’s built so sturdy. Going on three years with it, and I haven’t had one issue yet!  More power to you. Check out the permobil chairs.  Wow, that's awesome! Just watched a video of the spider suspension. Looks so versatile. The other features and the fact that you haven't had an issue after three years are amazing! Right?? Like I said, it’s easily the best chair I’ve ever had. I’ve had permobils in the past, and though they’re top of the line, they just don’t beat this chair.  What year is your chair? 

I’ve seen a few issues with the first gen spidertrack. 

Other then those issues, good chair. R-net is stable and super programable.  I got mine in 2015, I think.  So what I've seen is the suspension locks up, with the front caster arm up high. This causes it to be super unstable and can flip. I've actually been in one when it flipped.   


Just be careful with it, if you notice any issues bring it in asap.  Oh good to know! I haven’t experienced anything like that, but I’ll definitely make sure I keep notice of anything going wrong with it. Thank you for the heads up!  Anytime! Feel free to send me a pm if you have any questions!  