Getting insurance to cover a wheelchair for long distances? I found out today that I need to be fitted for AFO's and that I should be using a wheelchair for long distances.  My insurance won't cover a wheelchair. Since I'm rather outdoorsy (and also tiny), I don't want a generic chair as they've always been to clunky for me. I want to get a good, custom chair that fits my needs, and I know how expensive that can be.  Since I kind of saw this coming, I checked my insurance.  Turns out that they'll cover a large amount for full time mobility aids, and nothing for part time.  I coordinate services for people with developmental disabilities and am used to Medicaid regulations and their  inflexibility, but I have no idea about fighting a typical insurance company.  Has anyone had experience getting their chairs covered after they were initially refused? Are doctors ever willing to work with a patient, i.e. write me an Rx that states it's for full time use to get it covered? Or good chairs that aren't going to cost me a month's pay?  I would say get a hold of the salesman for a company like NuMotion. Their job is to fit a chair just for you, and to get your chair through insurance land. They will know the best way to do it. Highly recommend a TiLite ZRA, with some big treads. It is sturdy, lightwieght, compact, and absorbs a lot of bumps.


I lucked out with mine. Someone had ordered one a year before with my exact dimensions, but never picked it up. It had been sitting in his office all that time, and I got it with no wait and only 3k which Medicaid paid without issue.

As far as getting it approved, I would think your physician prescribing one would go a long way. Thank you!  Also, THANK YOU for mentioning the TiLite, I looked at them and really liked them but I couldn't remember the brand!  I'll be talking to my ortho again tomorrow afternoon, hopefully he'll be willing to write me the script. Good luck! I love my chair, it is comfortable all day, when hospital and rehab chairs would really agitate my left hip because I was too tall. They took a lot of measurements, and it definitely paid off. 