New User, I got my customized Ki Rogue yesterday, and I've some questions/looking for tips After a long wait, I've finally gotten my new wheelchair. I'm 27, and have moderate cerebral palsy. Up until now I've primarily used a walker and crutches, but those have forced me to be pretty dependent on others, so I decided to get a new chair. 

the experienced users make it look easy, so I figured there would be some on this sub that could help me out... soooo...

1 aside from gloves and hand sanitizer, what accessories if any should I look at getting?

2 I have a pickup truck (ford ranger), and am looking at getting a new vehicle for a number of reasons, but until I do I realized I have an issue: the passenger side can't fit the wheels and the chair. I struggled just trying to get the wheelchair in today. part of the problem is the anti-tip bars on the back make it awkward shape to put in the small cab. Should I take them off? and or should I put the whole chair in the bed of the truck? how worried should I be about rusting until I can get a new vehicle? what parts rust fastest?

any other tips you have would be much appreciated. i have a wheelchair backpack that i keep all my shyt in. i also use a rigid back instead of the sling back that comes with your chair.   i used gloves for a couple of years then was unable to replace them. i went without and it's the best thing ever. it's honestly the difference between using a condom and not. although when i go for long rides and training i do wear gloves. i like the fingerless with full thumb from sport-aid. 

on the anti-tippers:  i would train regularly on doing wheelies. once you can go about 4 meters turn around and go back in one wheelie ditch the anti-tippers. the only parts i can think of rusting would be the bearings and the axle in the casters. I have CP as well. I've always gone back and forth between wheelchairs and crutches depending on my situation, but I've been using a wheelchair for awhile now. 

I second the backpack (but I'm also an university student so I drag around too much stuff, but they are also nice if you are shopping and going to have to drag a few bags around). I also ditched my gloves long ago - if you are still a beginner they can be a nice help in terms of grip, so wear them as long as you feel you need them.

As for the anti-tip bars, I'd say leave them on for now while you are still a beginner (but you don't really have to be able to do a prolonged wheelie before taking them off - just know how far you can tip back without falling backward). I'm not sure about rusting. Can you put the wheelchair in the bed of your truck while you are going out, then bring it inside (or at least covered) at night. I wouldn't be too worried about rusting unless you leave it out in the rain for days. I took my wheelie bars off. Some people like them. The bars made it almost impossible to hop up larger curbs and even some older style doorways. Plus I had caught them a couple of times trying to scale down straight drops and curbs. Your chair was probably sprayed for corrosion and a lot of the parts should be stainless. I get mine cleaned down every three or four months. Bearings checked and greased and simple stuff like bolts being tightened and seams on the fabric checked for splits or frays. I'm kind of anal about my chair. Lol. Good luck.  If you leave it in your truck, it will get stolen pretty quickly... but I'm sure you know this already. You can get a tarp cover for when it might rain assuming your tray doesn't have a lid,and use an open weave rubber mat (Home Depot, Bunnings, Halfords) to prevent scratching the shit out of your wheelchair, which isn't really designed for a bit of metal on metal action. thank you Thanks, you thank you very much 