Titanium vs aluminum wheelchair So I'm trying to choose a new wheelchair. What are people's thoughts on titanium chairs vs aluminum ones? My insurance probably won't cover a titanium chair, but I can pay out of pocket for it. Is it worth it? I'm pretty much only considering wheelchairs from TiLite. 

Thanks for the advice! I LOVE my TiLite [I have a titanium ZRA (the A is for adjustable)]. 

First off, the MAIN difference between titanium and aluminum is weight and durability VS cost. Titanium is MUCH lighter and more durable than aluminum, but it'll cost you. Aluminum isn't bad, but it can be noticeably heavier by about 50% (my wheelchair weighs about 10 lbs, if it was made from aluminum, it would have been about 15 lbs). For me, because I have limited upper body strength (and because I didn't have to pay for it) I went for the titanium and it was worth it. But you have to decide if that 5 - 10 lbs is worth the extra money for you. I sell wheelchairs and I love tilite. 

With that out of the way let's first cover the stats. Aluminum weighs more than titanium. But only by a little. Compare the ZR vs the ZRA (the A means aluminum). There is a little over a pound difference on the transport weight, some of the options will completely negate that difference. So let's throw that out. 

Build quality. Tilite is VERY strict on their quality. Every chair I have sold I have stood behind personally. Selling a Tilite is an easy decision for me. In fact, the only difference between the ZR and the ZRA is. ...

The feel of the metal. Titanium flexes more so it has a more responsive feel. Some people like it while others don't. That is the only difference. My preference is Aluminum but that is because I am used to it. I grew up with steel frame then stiff Aluminum frame bikes. I like the stiffness. If my back ever goes out all the way I will get an aluminum frame because I can push it hard and throw it around without it flexing on me. 

But that's just my long opinion.  I choose to pay out of pocket for my TiLite Titanium TR chair because the fact it only weights 9.5lbs was incredible. My arms get tired pretty fast so I guess it just depends on what matters to you. For me I want something that can be easily lifted and easily pushed even when my arms are a bit weak, so that ultra lite kit was worth every penny. Having said that, it is a lot of cash to part with. Me personally, I think it was worth it. Maybe it's a little to late to chim in. Titanium is really overvalued. The weight difference is near none existence and the durabilty advantage gets lowered by smaller radiuses.

Rather than giving a shit about titanium, a wheelchair that uses Carbon for the sides is much more important, because it actually budges and adapts and goes back into shape. Also get a double frame, as it is so much stronger, stable and durable.

Also think about your rims. 

Do you want light want ones that are very easily broken or a stable set capable of running down some stair steps, but at the cost of weight?

On the tyres it comes down if you want to have slicks (little friction, faster, less power needed to keep it going, far from optimal antiflat-protection) or normal ones which are allrounders where many are secured against flat tyres completely.

Or and before I forget, Titanium also budges a little bit while driving, while an alumium is much more solid. It really is a thing of preference.

I have an alumium one, because I need every bit of strengh as I drive to the limits.

Tianium can change its shape over time and slowly destroy your chair.

But only if you're an excessive driver, doing crazy stuff. Actually, the A in ZRA means adjustable. You can adjust a couple of the heights and depths of the ZRA, but the ZR is completely fixed. 

I have a ZRA and it is titanium.  Thanks so much for all of your help. While looking at chairs, I was kind of lead towards the Areo T. Any thoughts on that vs the ZRA? 

I was able to go for Spinergy wheels with true form hand rims. We can justify it medically, and just need to see whether insurance will go for it. Also threw in 4"x1.5" soft roll casters with aluminum insides... Might have to get those out of pocket. We'll see. 

I have never had a titanium chair, and after doing a lot of research came to the same conclusion that you have outlined: it's fairly user dependent. So I don't think I'm going to fight terribly hard for a titanium chair over an aluminum one.  How do you like your ZRA? how long have you had it and how did you afford it?  The difference between the Aero T and the ZRA is the second sport underneath. The Aero T is stronger and stiffer so it will flex even less. How are you going to be transporting your chair? Will that bottom bar get in the way? If not, go for it. 

The caters should be covered, if not then your supplier should be able to eat the cost. What surfaces will you be going over? I prefer the 5"due to it going over grass and gravel easier. 

Most insurances need a solid medical justification to pay for spinergy rims with the natural fits. I hope you have a good ATP and a great PT/OT.  I'm 4 days into my ZRA and love it. The biggest two benefits I've noticed are that it fits me like a glove preventing pain in my left hip (first chair since my accident 6 weeks ago to prevent it), and it is an immensely smoother ride. I barely notice the same cobblestone paths that used to send shocks up my body.

I was unbelievably lucky that my vendor had the exact spec chair sitting in plastic in his office for over a year, sadly the original person never left their nursing home. He already dropped it off while I'm waiting for Medicaid to clear, he said it would charge Medicaid $3100, if Medicaid didn't clear he said he would drop it under that price for us.

I have the poly aluminum instead of the soft, and the RW Shadow tires. If I could do one upgrade it would be to the Spinergy LX, that's what my vendor personally uses. Then he mentioned a set was ~$900 so I have to pass for now.  I've had it for over a year and I love it. My disability was the result if a medical malpractice. There was a law suit so I have money from that. 