Hey guys! In need of wheelchair advice for a newbie! Hey everyone, I have CMT (A form of peripheral neuropathy) and am at the stage now where anything outside of the house requires a wheelchair. I have a basic one I got from the hopsital, but it's bulky and not great. 
I would like one that i compact, and preferably collapsable. Self propelled and that could be custom upgraded with different spokes/wheels etc. 
I also would really like to train to wheel myself through a 5k, when my girlfriend does one next year, so it would be good if I could use it for longer periods of time/working out along side her when she goes running. 
I may be asking too much, but would love ANY advice. I have no disabled friends so thought this would be a good place to turn :)
Tl;dr New wheelchair user and need a wheelchair for every day use/excercise. I have been in a chair for 30 years and will echo what others have said. Get something rigid ultralight. Foldable just means more shit that will break. Titanium is fine but the new aluminum Quickie and Top End use is just as light and far easier to work with making the frame cheaper with no quality loss. Get fixed side guards. The removable ones are garbage. Bigger wheels look cool. Go with a set of Spinergy 25s (559). If you ever want a new color just take the chair to a place that does powder coating. pm me with questions.  As others have mentioned, you really have to think about the pros and cons of rigid vs folding. Folding chairs will not last you as long as a rigid frame - and if you want to use it for marathons, that will be really tough on (and in) a folding frame. Folding frames have less components, so less can go wrong. Plus, these days, with the wheels off, rigid chairs are pretty much just as compact.

Custom upgrading will cost you. I really want a new pair of rear wheels, and the wheels I want (Spinergy wheels) are going to cost me $1000. However, your best bet, for either folding or rigid is tilite. Their wheelchairs are quality - both their aluminum wheelchairs and their titanium - and you get a lot of options.
 A manual? I use a power chair so idk, but... I've seen several rave about [TiLite](http://www.tilite.com/). I've been using the same TiLite for 6 years, everyday and all day. No problems. It's compact, and only weighs about 15 pounds. I can do a sub-25 minute 5k in it too. 
 I am assuming you mean a rigid chair, I too am getting a new chair here in a few weeks, I went with a Tilite TRA because I can adjust it if needed. I have a tilite now and would recommend one for you, a bit pricy but worth it as they last years and years and every part is upgradable. If you have full abdominal control you should look into the TR http://www.tilite.com/chairs_rigid.php since it is a fixed frame it's the lightest chair they make. I as a quad c6/7 usually push a mile at the gym on the track after my workout without a problem, and my chair is not fit to me currently. I push a mile in about 10-15 min. My wheels are spinergy http://www.spinergy.com/catalog/index.php?cPath=21_5 I believe they are the lightest out there and run about 700-800 a pair. As for back rests on my new chair I am getting an ADI carbon fiber back which will be super light http://adirides.com/seating-systems/ this back sadly is running me 1700 bucks! But I'm going for the lightest chair possible. If you have any more questions let me know I'd be glad to try to help! Check out this video on how to choose a wheelchair https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xc1aDJgdzzk it should help you with some of the specifics. Very good and entertaining video. But it did not mention the folding vs rigid chair discussion mentioned in this thread. 