Any Tips for Fixing My Power Wheelchair? I have a Pride J6 that randomly goes into “idle mode” often; basically it comes to a sudden stop, won’t respond to any control inputs, and shows the idle mode animation on the LCD. The only thing the manual says about this is to cycle the power, which works if I leave it off for several seconds. I’m not certain but i think it comes back faster if I turn it off, open and close the right-side neutral lever, and then turn it back on.

This started a few months ago; at first it was rare, and has been happening more and more often, to the point that I sometimes can’t go more than several feet without it stopping, and sometimes can’t go but a few inches; in the past few days it’s also started happening while the chair isn’t even moving.

I’ve checked all the connections I can get to (a couple of plugs, and on the batteries themselves) and everything is tight. I will have had this chair 2 years in March; it wasn’t brand new when we got it, but I don’t think it had seen much use, either.

Do you have any suggestions? There’s a place nearby that works on these but I prefer to DIY whenever possible. Any advice is appreciated! Check the batteries with a multimeter. 2 years or more is usually end of life for batteries on some equipment. Cold weather also kills batteries. Idle mode will be a problem with programming. It sounds like the controller, not the joystick, is going bad. Unfortunately that is the brains of the chair and can be a spendy fix. It would be best to take it into a certified repair facility and have them look it over. Thanks! What readings do I need to look for? I don't think it is the batteries but I can teach you how to check them.  This is a decent field test but is not completely accurate.

When the batteries are at full charge, put the two probes from the volt meter into the two "side" holes in your joystick, where you plug in the charger. While the chair is on and the volt meter is running, try to drive the chair while it is restrained. I usually find a curb or block to run against. You should only see a 2-3 volt drop and the batteries should bounce back when you let go of the joystick. If it is more of the stay down, one or both batteries could be bad. 