I need help selecting a wheelchair for my wife. My wife was just diagnosed with avascular necrosis of both hips. She will need to keep all weight off of them as much as possible for the next 6 to 12 months during which she may have to have both hips replaced. We are in our late 20s and have lead a very active lifestyle. We know hiking and climbing are going to be off the table for the near future but I was hoping you guys may be able to point us towards a moderately priced wheelchair option that will be able to handle light gravel and be easy for her to stow in her truck. I really have no idea what Im looking at and what is good or bad so any help would be really awesome. Thanks so much for any advice you can give. Could you define what "moderately priced" means as your budget is really going to determine your options.

Also, I suspect from what you say that you don't expect the wheel chair to be a long-term item, so that probably means you're looking at the cheaper end of the price spectrum.

Also, what country are you in, as that will define the range of manufacturers available to you.

And, whilst I'm thinking, where is the money coming from for the chair? Your own money, or health insurance, or government funding.

If you're in the USA, and have money to burn, I'd probably recommend a TiLite with sets of alternative wheel/tire combinations that you can swap around for smooth wheeling in urban environments, mountain bike tires for rougher terrain, and then get a Tankchair from Brad Soden for really out there terrain. If you're looking for something that will go over gravel, then you're looking at mountain bike tires rather than smoother road bike style tires.

Moderately priced in the UK would put you in the sub-£500 bracket, probably below £250, and you can get lightweight chairs that fold down or come apart for stowing in cars without problem. Most modern chairs will have wheels that can be popped off at the press of a button. If the frame is still too big, then there's usually a folding option that will fit in nearly all cars.

If taking weight off the hip joints is a big factor then you're probably looking at spending good money on the cushion. There are a lot of good options out there, from simple foam cushions through to laser-sculpted body-fitted support systems. I would second the TiLite recommendation for a sturdy but light chair.    As far as two sets of tires/wheels if your wife will be on truly light gravel and not for very long you may be able to get away with the standard non smooth tires.   Extra rims get expensive although tires are cheap.  If you can change tires quickly it might make sense just to buy the knobbier tires.  I have smooth, slightly knobby all purpose tires and snow and gravel tires but I'm not a short time user.    You may want to look at purchasing online.   I saved a ton of money doing that--over 40%.  And they can talk you through the measurements they need power mobility might be a more comfortable option for your wife, however we don't know the severity of her necrosis. for manual check out top end from invacare. prices will range from 2-4,000 depending on the options you choose.
Edit* top end crossfire wheelchair. 