Flying with a powerchair help. So I just received notification that I have a job interview coming up in which will require me to fly.

I am in a powered wheelchair and I've never flown before since getting in this wheelchair. I don't know really what to ask in terms of advice so I am asking for everyone here to give me all of the advice they want to give concerning this topic. My wife uses a power wheelchair and we fly 2-3 times a year.

One of the best things is to be nice to everyone...but make sure they listen to you.  If they are trying to do something that will harm you or the chair.  Calmly as you can please ask them to stop and do it how you say.  Most are pretty good if you are calm and speak up.

If you have a recent power chair (like in the past 10 years) and a medical quality chair (you have a prescription, and not something you bought off of amazon).  You probably have dry gel batteries - this is good, nothing special you have to do with them...but the counter is going to ask.  You will also need to know the weight of your chair.

You will be able to get on the plane first (pre-board...just talk to the people at the gate)....but you will also get off last.  That can mean a long flight, try to care of any bathroom necessities before the flight.

You will be able to drive your power chair down the jetway and will then have to transfer to an aisle chair.  

You may want to ask how tall the cargo opening is...we try to make the chair as small as possible before handing over: seat down (no tilt or inclination), foot rests folded up, tilt chair back about 45 degrees so not too tall, any seat belts or straps tucked in so they don't get caught on conveyor belts, etc...  

Chairs can take a lot of damage in flight, but we usually have decent luck the airlines have been good about covering any damage but of course the claims can take a while.  Please note that scratches in paint and tears in cloth like armrests are not usually covered.  To minimize damage try to remove anything loose or valuable....we remove: 
* seat cushion (she sits on this on the plane for more cushion)
* joystick (you will need to disconnect anyway)
* headrest (because it sticks out fragily and makes chair back high)
* we have pull pins in the chair's arms so that they move freely and can't be used to lift chair (damaging arms).
* remove any cupholders or other devices that stick out
* Backpack should be packed in your checked luggage as it will get torn off

You will want to show the airline personel how to release your chairs brake so that they can push it (we also put a big, bright piece of colored tape with arrows and saying "Pull here before pushing chair!").  They will usually have to push your chair back up the jetway and to an elevator.  How they get it on the plane varies from place to place but there is usually at least some lifting by hand (and it seems like where the most damage has occurred for us - trying to lift by something that wasn't designed to be used as a handle).

Once in the aisle chair, they will strap you in like Hannibal Lecter and take you on the plane and help transfer you to your seat.  If you need it, ask for a two person transfer they will often have no issues tracking down another person.  They will back you onto the plane and then transfer you to your seat (we like to fly Southwest since we get the pick of our seats and can usually grab the front row which is easier for us to transfer to).  Be careful of your feet and knees here...they don't always tuck them as even with the aisle chair as they should and can bang you up a little.

Once you (and anyone else preboard are on) they will let the rest of the passengers on.  Upon arrival the opposite happens.  Everyone else gets off and then you will be last off.  Ususally, they will wait for your powerchair to be unloaded and brought to the bottom of the jetway...then you will be strapped back into the aisle chair, taken out of the plane, and transferred back to your chair.  Again ask for a two person transfer if needed.  

At this point, they are usually waiting to board the next flight, so we quickly throw on seat cushion and hookup the joystick and get out of the jetway before getting everything else setup and positioned.  But be sure to check your chair before your leave the airport, it is easier to start the claim process before you leave. I'd love to know if you hear otherwise.  The airports and airlines try to be helpful, but they really don't know what they are doing and don't get how dependent we are on our devices.  I don't trust them with a manual wheelchair, much less a powered one. There is a high chance of your chair getting damaged on the flight. If there is at all a possibility of renting a wheelchair at your destination and leaving your own wheelchair at home, consider it. If not, take lots of photos of your chair before boarding so you will have proof of its condition in case there is damage. Check the airline regulations regarding wheelchairs and batteries as there is often a limit. You will need to notify the airline that you are a wheelchair user so they can provide necessary support and be aware that they need to load your chair. You will either need to disconnect your batteries or take them into the cabin with you. 
I will admit that flying with a powerchair is stressful but if you need it then it's worth it. I suggest making sure insurance also covers any damage to your wheelchair. Best wishes.

A flight attendant will check in with you about what you might need in an emergency situation. At that time, extract a promise that they will stay with you until your chair is delivered to the plane door on arrival. 

This article highlights the worst that can happen--don't want to scare you, but hoping forewarned is forearmed.

[New Mobility 12/2017 Flying Unfriendly Skies](http://www.newmobility.com/2017/12/flying-unfriendly-skies/) 