Ridged vs foldable My mom and I were talking about wheelchairs because my mobility has severely declined, and she thinks foldable chairs (like in the hospital) are more reliable. I was looking at used rigid chairs because I figured it would be better. Any advice? I'm on a budget and this will be a test chair to see if it significantly helps me. I'd really like to go back to public school if it does.  okay, first we need to make sure we’re talking about the same categories of wheelchairs. yes, there are foldable and rigid frames. but that’s only half the story. there are also ones that are made for active users and ones made to move people around in them. you can get all combinations. 

if you want to move the wheelchair yourself, foldable vs. rigid depends on your circumstances. foldable can be more practical for you to move into your car, but my girlfriend also has no problems with her rigid frame in our rather small car. 

rigid frames are much better in stability. they don’t wobble and are thus easier to ride. you’ll be faster and it will be less exhausting. but they’re not so easy to store away, although some even fold a bit (like the backrest) and you can remove the wheels quickly to make them much smaller.

a folding chair is imho the better choice if you rely on others, as it is easier to find space for it in a car. on the other hand, they’ll require a bit more work to ride as the hinges will cause a bit of instability.

if you’re looking for a chair that others will move you around with, I would suggest a foldable chair. the extra work needed to drive them won’t matter and it’s easier for others to fold and put it in a car.

i would strongly suggest to find a place/reseller where you can simply try a few wheelchairs and see for yourself. give each chair at least an hour of time (many sellers allow you to take it home for a day or two) and see how it works out for you. don’t rush this decision and take your time to see what works best for you. nobody here knows all the details about you and your circumstances, so it’s hard to make good suggestions. There are a few  differences between rigid and foldable wheelchairs:

* Rigid usually perform better. They are usually easier to push and more nimble.  Since there are fewer movable parts in a rigid chair, less energy is lost.
* Rigid chairs are usually lighter. The folding mechanisms often require more weight.
* Rigid chairs often require less maintenance.
* Usually you need to remove the wheels of a rigid chair to put it In the trunk of a car, while folding chairs usually can go in the trunk without having the wheels removed, so folding chairs are a bit more convenient.

The  general idea is that if the wheelchair user is choosing the chair, they will usually go for the rigid chair. If a support person \(parent, wife etc\) is choosing the chair, they will go for the folding chair. 

AVOID folding chairs like in the hospital. Usually they are inexpensive and extremely heavy. They are meant purely for transport within a hospital, not for active, everyday use.  No matter what type of chair you select, make sure it is designed for your needs and level of activity. I'm in a similar situation.

The main question is how do you plan to travel with the chair? If your mom has, like, an SUV with seats that can be folded out of the way and you can fit a rigid chair in the back, that could be fine, but ideally, you'll want something foldable for the flexibility.

Like, if you have to take a cab or someone else drives you. Rigid\- more stable, easier to transport. You can get super light ones as well, and once the wheels are removed storage isn't really that much of an issue. Much prefer my rigid chair to the previous folding one. If your mobility is declining I would suggest a folding chair.  I do not know your specifics but I know that I have been in a folding chair all my life and when I tried a rigid chair it was not a good fit for me.  I'm on the large side (ice cream is a weakness of mine) and while the rigid frame is a much smoother ride nearly all the transfers I am used to doing I could not do from a rigid chair.

Another thing I don't see the others mentioning is that folding chairs have many more adaption options.  For example foot pedal options (mine swing away).  Do you drive yourself or do you plan to?   Rigid chairs are more reliable and typically for institutional use and paralyzed people with a van and lift. Folding is for people who are mobile enough to move around and put the wheelchair in the trunk. If you think you will be mobile enough to handle the chair yourself, folding is best. Folding also does better over rough terrain, as they conform to uneven surfaces better than rigid. >This is the best written comment on this thread, some of the others make little sense. And this advice "**i would strongly suggest to find a place/reseller where you can simply try a few wheelchairs and see for yourself.**" should be put in bold \(as I did\). A good wheelchair will cost $2000\-$3000. And should last about a decade or so. This is not a decision to be taken lightly. we can fit a rigid frame chair in a honda jazz - for US standards that’s probably not even considered a car ;) it fits in the trunk or on the passenger seat (if my girlfriend drives alone), with the wheels in the back. >"Folding also does better over rough terrain, as they conform to uneven surfaces better than rigid". This makes little sense to me. If the folding chair is conforming to uneven surfaces, it means that the chair is badly in need of repair. Wheelchairs should not be conforming to uneven surfaces.   
>  
>  
>  
>Also rigid chairs do not require a van and a lift. Most are light weight, around 20\-25 lbs and can be easily put into the trunk of a car. “And should last a decade or so.”

Depends on the user. I have some clients that will not get 3-4 years out of a rigid titanium ti-lite. I have one specific client that’s on his third warranty frame because they fall out of his truck on the highway and break welds. (I’m not the police, I don’t have to tell the whole story to get warranty)

One client is a rancher, he’s had 5 power chairs in just as many years.

On the other hand, I have one client who has a quickie 2 from the 90’s that is immaculate.
 
If you take care of it, fix it while it’s beginning to have problems(if possible) vs when it’s actually broken. Oh, that’s cool. I’m tall/heavy so the chairs I’ve seen would be a pain to transport without taking off the wheels, and admittedly I have no idea how hard that is or if it varies by chair/brand. But how are you going to close the trunk? I have a wheelchair that fits unfolded in the back of a large SUV or inside a van. There is no way to put in a car without folding it.

Some of the more expensive folding chairs have removable rear wheels, I could put it in the trunk of a normal sized car by folding it and taking off the wheels.

Folding chairs have a loosely coupled X-member in the center, so they tend to go over rough surfaces with all four wheels staying on the ground. On the downside, too much cross-country breaks rotating parts. I believe the old fashioned 3-wheel chairs were made to go on more country surfaces without a lot of wobbling. Yeah, I guess it is true. Wheelchairs were not built to fall off of moving vehicles. :)

Of course you are correct. Different users treat their chairs differently and the life span will vary greatly.

But a rigid wheelchair, if properly maintained, should last a very long time. Folding chairs too. But more maintenance is generally required because there are more moving  parts.  It seems like a hassle at first, but if you don't have anything stopping you (massively limited upperbody movement, major weakness, etc) it's not too bad. I am a gear head, and have 3 cars, but the two that have hoist to put my chair into the bed (El Camino and VW Jetta pickup truck, both are car height, not truck height) have either been in the shop being customized or broken for MONTHS, so I get in and out of my Hyundai Accent every day and put my chair next to me or in the back seat, the wheels go in the backseat too. It was annoying at first, but I got used to it.

Not that I don't find my "trucks" easier and I plan to get both back on the road soon.
 It is easy to put a rigid chair in the trunk of a car. You take off the wheels, fold down the back rest and there is no problem to fit it in the trunk of most cars.

Of course folding chairs also have removable rear wheels. But since they fold flat, there is usually no reason to remove them.

Keep in mid that if you self transfer into a car, for example, if you are driving the car, it is possible to climb into the cab, pick up a rigid wheelchair, remove the wheels and transfer the chair across your lap. You can see that [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLA0YdEUH7w) Try that with a foldable wheelchair 