New to (mostly) fully time wheel chair use, Glove recommendations? Recently started needing to use a wheelchair most days. I am looking for glove recommendations for both every day during the spring/summer/fall and  another pair for the winter. I am in Boston and it gets cold! I use Damascus biking gloves indoors and in the spring. 

While I'm not in freezing cold Boston, I've wanted to find a pair of framing gloves for cold days for awhile now. They have a free thumb, index, and ring finger, but the other two fingers are closed. I think Mechanix makes them. I have full finger winter biking gloves for hiking and handbiking but I really like to have fingers free for quick access to my phone and backpack when I'm wheeling around doing everyday things.  I wear the rite aid full thumb open fingers glove. They cost about 25 bucks and they last about a year or so.  I have clients that swear by Ironclad brand Cold Climate gloves. After listening to them I went out and bought a pair myself. They gold up really well, have plenty of grip, and are insulated yet not bulky.  I don't wear gloves when it's warm other than when I'm "hiking", and that's so a slippery rim doesn't present a problem. In winter, I wear whatever [Mechanix](http://www.mechanix.com/cold-weather/thermal-dip) slimmer cold weather glove is that year. I can't help you if you need anything less utilitarian-looking, but they work for me. Ive been in a chair for 20-is years due to Spina Bifida. (Spent the first half of my life on crutches,) and honestly, the best gloves Ive had that last the longest, (With wrist support!) is the Golds Gym gloves. Love those things..though it is hard to find them in my size. As for winter goves..Carhartts work gloves work alright. Im in northern WI and after about the first 6 inches of snow I kind of give up on going out. They do keep my hands relatively dry though for my limited use. You also may want to try nitrile, or vinyl gloves for liners. Your hands will sweat a but, but as long as you keep tabs on that youll be ok.  Thanks, a friend I mine had suggested finding half finger full thumb gloves for the non winter-months. I had been looking at these, thanks for suggesting. Awesome thank you! When I was walking around I just bought cheap shitty gloves and used my pockets but that is no longer an option!  Yeah luckily this has been a pretty light winter on snow so far, granted it's only January so I am not hold my breath but I just recently scheduled my next surgery early February, a month I have no desire to leave the house anyways. I have been avoiding going out when any snow is falling, the side walks suck here weather there is snow on them or not) and have been using my crutches when I need to leave the house to get to the doctors and the side walks aren't shoveled enough to fit my  chair 