Power assist add ons Hi all,

I've been looking at power assist add ons for manual chairs. I'm in the UK.

I've tried a few different types, and have come to the conclusion that I need an add on with a joystick, rather than a powered wheel which still requires a push action.

I also require the components to be no heavier than about 8kg, but ideally lighter! 
This rules out the Smartdrive as it still requires a push action, and also rules out the Wheeldrive (which has a great 'continuous drive' action - meaning you don't have to push), as the wheels are very heavy.

I've so far narrowed down the list to the Alber EFix and Benoit Lightdrive.

Does anyone has any experience with these, or another adaption they could recommend?

Thanks Oh man, this is a really interesting post!  I've been searching for a while for a joystick-operated smartdrive clone.  I haven't found what I'm looking for, so I've been planning a DIY version.

My plan is to basically use this instructable as a basis:
http://www.instructables.com/id/Electric-Skateboard-v20/

It's a compact/lightweight battery operated motor.  Good range, more speed than I'd ever want.  The cost for that project was $350, though I'd have to modify a bunch of it.

Compared to that instructable, there's some differences to work through:

* Need a housing (fiberglass?  3d printed?)
* Need a way to mount the device to the chair (removable)
* Need a *tiny* wireless controller that can be easily hand-mounted (very important)
* Need a bigger wheel... possibly an omniwheel (https://www.google.com/search?q=omniwheel&tbm=isch) depending on how the device is mounted

Not easy, but definitely doable.  The ability of something like the Smartdrive to "push" is secondary; control is big, and hands-off-wheels control is big too.  I see a tiny wireless hand-mounted joystick controller, that way the user can use it like an electric chair, but also for pushing things (shopping carts, etc).

There's work to be done, but it could be *huge* to have an affordable open-source wheelchair assist design.

I'm not sure when I'll start on it (so many projects), but it's definitely something I want to do. That's fascinating! I've never come across anyone making a drive themselves, if you have the skill to do it that would so much more cost effective.

I tried the Smartdrive, and it's really light and seems like it would be great outside - as long as you have the upper body strength etc to push / break etc. Didn't seem like it would really be useable inside unless it was a wide open space.

The WheelDrive almost fills the gap between joystick operation and 'push' wheels as it can do both, but the wheels themselves are just so heavy. A couple of generations in, once the technology is lighter, they could be pretty awesome!

 Yeah, I'm really gung-ho on this.

There's devices out there (like all the ones you mentioned), but not *quite* fit what I have in mind.  If I could take a smartdrive and add a wireless handheld controller (one that still left your hands free to steer, grab handles, etc), then that might fit the bill.

But also - these things are just crazy expensive.  I'm a big fan of open-source/community-driven stuff (like instructables), and I could see this type of thing doing a lot of good.

If you look at that build I linked, it's fairly lightweight; maybe a few pounds for the batteries + motor?  Then you need housing (which you could keep light), and some misc other things.  But the main driver here would be a cheaper but serviceable DIY alternative to those expensive retail devices.

I have no illusions that my idea would be on par with the store-bought stuff.  You just can't compete with injection molded cases, custom made motors, etc.  But if we can get 75% of the functionality for 10% of the cost, that's pretty huge.

Re: wheeldrive - looks really neat (like so many things), but not ideal for my use case.  Really heavy wheels, and you normally want to keep rotating mass very low.  Plus, to control you have to have your hands on the wheels; no pushing shopping carts or baby strollers with this one.

I've got so many projects, but I might just order the parts for this assist device thing and start working on it slowly. 