I want to take my girlfriend on an adventure. Any suggestions? I've been dating an amazing woman and we've had some great times but one of my real passions is visiting countries and cities that are off the beaten track. I'd love to hear some stories of places you've been that were special but would still be accessible for her.  http://www.curbfreewithcorylee.com/2014/11/20/most-wheelchair-accessible-beaches-in-the-world/ I've looked into vacations for my husband and I (he uses a manual wheelchair) and found this list to be helpful since I really love the beach. Also I've heard that cruises and many resorts tend to be very accessible.  I guess it would depend on the disability. Is there walking at all? If so how far? I mean I can walk aided very short distances but can't do stairs and need a shower stool. Where are you looking generally? Thank you! I'll definitely keep those in mind. I've even visited three of those places and can definitely understand why they were chosen. Also, I'm still fairly new to this aspect of the dating scene. Did you have any problems getting your family to accept your husband? I have told my brother and sister but I still haven't breached the subject with my parents. I'm worried they will judge her before they even get to know her. She's got the same. She can do the occasional stairs, however, she is much more comfortable in her chair. She would also definitely need a shower stool. She's quite fit so in general hills don't really bother her too much.
 Really I'd love to hear stories. I've personally visited multiple countries such as Spain, Italy, Sweden, Hungary, Argentina, and Morocco. She's never even left the US. I really want to have some good ideas before I bring up anything so that I don't get her hopes up without knowing what to suggest. Unfortunately, my usual method of traveling completely on the fly doesn't work quite as well for her just because the world is not quite as progressive as we would hope. I would just love to hear some suggestions and ideas of places you all have enjoyed.  Sorry I just saw this! My mom worried more than anyone else. My dad and sisters just wanted him to be fun, loving and good to and for me. My dad also wanted to make sure we would have financial security. My mom worried a lot about his lack of mobility and the impact it would have on making my load in the relationship heavier, but there wasn't much we could do to ease her concerns besides just live a successful life together, which we've managed to do so far (married almost 2 years, together for 3). For the most part they trusted my judgment and followed my lead. It helps that my husband is very open and informative so he doesn't shy away from answering asked and unasked questions, it helped them feel more comfortable knowing they didn't need to tiptoe around him. 

Friends and extended family have been nothing but welcoming to him. Some people are ignorant or oblivious when making plans (at their homes or out and about, or when traveling)about accessibility, but we try to be patient since most people don't have to worry about those things.  I live in Europe and with the language barrier and the fact there is no Ada set up here it's not the most accessible.

Road trips are the best with lots of rest days. I've also read cruises are disabled friendly. As someone who traveled a lot before getting sick the amount of planning is sometimes over whelming. Look at sage travel for a good eu guide. 

travelling with a wheelchair and getting disabled rooms from all hotels with no stairs can be done and it has been! 

Tip: you need to pay for a key for the disabled toilets for the uk and Germany. Well, I live in the Midwest US and I've been to Italy and Greece (2 of the least wheelchair accessible countries in Europe). Greece was a little bit better and people were more likely to help if I couldn't get somewhere. It was actually a really cool experience to have people be so helpful and friendly. My mom has been to London and she's told me that I could get around no problem. I'm a full time wheelchair user.

Overall I think if you stick to places that are more modern (like London) things will be a little bit easier, but if you're more adventurous, maybe go to a place with a more collectivist, family oriented culture (like Italy and Greece) because as long as you're not too shy to ask, people are more likely to do something like help carry a wheelchair up some stairs.

Also a pro tip i'm sure you already realize, that I wish I could go back in time and tell my friends, don't leave her behind anywhere. In Italy especially, it's really easy to say "I'll be right back, there's a place I just want to look around really quick." and then be gone for much longer than you intend. Thanks for the tips. This was exactly what I'm looking for. I'm still fairly new at this although it's getting better every day. Even today though one of my friends said without thinking "I guess it's good you have your legs" and it really bugged me even though I don't think she meant anything by it. I am worried about it all though... there's so many things that I'm afraid I will do without even thinking that could hurt her just as in your example. What makes it even funnier is that she would probably just brush it off and rise above it.

I haven't been to Greece since I was very little so I don't remember it well and would love to return. Which cities did you like best? 
I went to Athens and then to a small farming island called Seriphos. Seriphos is really beautiful and doesn't get a lot of tourists. I was actually the first person in a wheelchair many of them had ever seen, so that was very interesting and all of the locals were very kind and made sure that I could get everywhere I wanted to go. If you do end up going there, feel free to pm me and I can give you some more specific tips for that area.

I remember Athens was great, but our hotel had a teeny tiny elevator that my wheelchair could barely fit inside. So maybe look out for stuff like that (I also remember there was a single step getting into our room). It helps if you keep a good attitude when it comes to stuff like that especially. Because you can usually ask until you're blue in the face if a hotel or business is wheelchair accessible and if they want your money they'll ALWAYS say yes, regardless of the truth. But there are people in wheelchairs living in Greece so they do have resources, they just may be a little bit buried.

Also if you end up going to Athens, the Acropolis has an elevator/lift thing that's hilariously rickety but does the job. I had a blast riding it with a friend. It's essentially an open air lift shakily going up the edge of a cliff, so if you want an adventure, I'd definitely recommend doing that. 

Anyway I hope that's helpful. If you want any other info just let me know! 