Jillian's Jitterbug Foundation donates its first power wheel chair! Hi everyone,

Jillian's Jitterbug Foundation is a non-profit that aims to help children who have difficulty walking regain greater mobility and independence. The foundation provides financial assistance for families to purchase equipment such as power wheelchairs which can be tremendously expensive and often are not covered by insurance. 

After our first year raising money and spreading the word about our mission, we are excited to have donated our first power wheelchair! We hope to build on this success this year and continue to get kids moving!

Please consider taking a moment to read more about us at http://www.jilliansjitterbug.com/ and consider sharing our story with friends and family, or making a contribution towards our next donation. 

Thank you all, 

~Jillian's Jitterbug Foundation **How to do drugs through your ass**

Lately, I've been having quite a few people asking me to PM them my plugging guide, so I decided to just post it.

Plugging is my main ROA. I made this little guide to help y'all out!

Step one: Obtain drugs and do happy dance.

Step two: Poop. If you can't, oh well, but at least try.

Step three: Break your drugs down as finely as you can.

Step four: Mix them with a little water. I use a shot glass to mix. With Morphine IR, I just drop it in 1ml of water and it dissolves within a few seconds with a little stirring. With blues, I'll usually break them down most of the way, then drop them and stir.

Step five: Get your oral syringe. Dip it in the drug water and pull the plunger back. I usually bring it back about another mL even after it's all in there, just so I can shake it up to make sure it has all dissolved well.

Step six: Apply lube, spit, Vaseline, whatever to your syringe and bootyhole.

Step seven: Lay on your left side for best absorption.

Step eight: Insert your oral syringe all the way, then press down on the plunger. And remove. You can get up immediately or keep lying there for a few minutes to let it absorb better. Doesn't matter all that much. And there you go.

I usually get another 2ml in my oral syringe and then drip it down the sides of my shot glass to get anything I missed, then plug that. 