Recent injury makes using current power chair excruciating I fell and further damaged my knees. Since then I can no longer bend my legs to use the footrest. This makes riding difficult, sometimes dangerous. I have Medicare and private insurance. I’ve paid someone to modify the footrest but it’s felt extended. 

Has anyone else dealt with a chair that’s no longer safe? So you mean you had someone modify your leg rests to hold your legs straight out and that feels too extended? Not surprising - human legs weren’t meant to be in extension all the time, and when you’re sitting as well, that’s almost full extension. Can you manage a 45degree angle (st the knee)? One of the easiest ways to modify it temporarily is to add a pillow or place some wide tape across the two bars (near ankle and calf level) on the outside of the legrest (that parallel your lower legs) so that it makes sort of a rest for your legs at about 45degrees. 

Otherwise, try speaking to your DME dealer. Many power chairs use some of the same frame components as manual chairs, one of which is an interchangeable legrest/footrest bar that attaches near the knee. If your chair uses these, they can be swapped out for equivalent legrest an with extendable footrest feature, giving you an option of positioning your legs in partial extension. 

Here’s a good view of the attachments I mean: http://www.sunrisemedical.com/power-wheelchairs/quickie/rear-wheel-drive/s-6-series

See the legrest is attached to the chair right at the edge of the cushion? On a lot of chairs if you lift and turn that legrest there, they come right off and you can buy other varieties of leg rest that work for you, something like the ones on this chair: 

http://www.stlmedical.com/store/wheelchairs/WKK320ADDA-ELR.html

 I was able to walk some until I fell. Now I can’t get my knees to bend to a 45 degree angle. Therefore I can’t get one or both feet on the footrests. I have to ride with my leg(s) extended which unbalances the chair and can catch my feet on the pavement. I have no equipment except for the basic flat footrest.  Ah well my suggestions should work for your chair. I’ve also put in leg rests temporarily by using a wide, flat board tucked under the seat upholstery, and wrapped in something soft like an ace/tensor bandage. Your weight on the seat helps keep it in place and your leg can rest on it. It’s awkward for wheeling around, for sure. 