Friend just got her first chair, gift ideas? A friend of mine just got her first chair.  She's a military vet with a brain injury (affected speech, concentration, and motor skills).  Super cool gal, not an ounce of insecurity or drama.  She loves dogs, gardening, sports, video games, and drinking beer.  I want to get her a "chair-warming" gift.  Ideas?  I was thinking a bolt-on removable cup holder like you see on boats. I like this one: http://www.wheelchairgear.com/product/wheelchair-water-bottle-holder/ and it fits a wide array of wheelchairs. 

They also sell good backpacks for chairs - worth a look. 

I'd say make sure to invite her out with you for fun so she knows you aren't awkward about the chair. That can be really helpful for new wheelchair users to build confidence in public. I would go with a backpack personaly. Cup holders can be kind of polarizing. Plus most packs have side pockets perfect to hold bottles. Really, it can all depend on the chair. My current chair couldn't fit a cup holder unless it was down beside my feet, and that's too awkward to use. It's just the way it's designed. However, most chairs can take a backpack of some design, and my pack has a pouch for a bottle/drink.

Another possibility is a small flip tray that could then hold a drink and some food. But, again, it depends on whether the chair could have that fitted.

Yet another possibility is a small pouch that could hold a mobile phone and a wallet or money purse. The pouch would hang on the inside of the chair, usually at one side or the other.

Something I now use is an across the body shoulder bag, which hangs on my right but the strap goes over my left shoulder. I keep all my important stuff in there - money, phone, wallet, keys, etc.

But a bag to hang off the back of the chair is probably the best place to start. Thanks for the suggestions, everyone!  She's already bought a lot of functional accessories like a bag for the back of the chair.  I had lunch with her yesterday and she's still rolling with stock black plastic tire valve caps.  Ordered an assortment of fancy ones online... chrome crowns, pitbulls (like her dog), bullet casings, etc. 