Should I get a customized chair before I need it? I only need my wheelchair if I'm going to be spending a full day up and about outside of my house (i.e day trips), and I rarely use it because it's too heavy for me to use independently for long stretches of time.  I rarely spend full days out of my house (maybe 3 times in the past two years), because I hate asking people to push me.

While I know I want a custom, ultralight chair in a few years when rolling becomes a daily necessity, right now I can kind of make do with what I've got.  That being said, I recently received a small inheritance that would cover a custom titanium chair in full. 

I'm trying to decide if it's worth getting the custom chair now.  I know I want one when I need my chair daily, and I'm not sure if I'll be able to afford it then, so I feel now is a good time, but I so rarely use mine, that I'm not sure if I'm missing something I should be thinking of before taking the financial plunge.  Any pros or cons to getting the chair of my dreams now? I'll pretty much always advocate for getting a mobility aid sooner rather than later. IMO it leads to increased quality of life by making one area less of a hassle. The only con with getting it now is risking it not fitting/what you will need when you absolutely need it. I guess you have to ask yourself is your body or needs going to change dramatically between now and when you will absolutely need it? If the answer is no, you body/needs wont change, then go for it. Become more independent sooner. Plus these chairs are made to last, yeah the companies and insurance do recommend a new chair every 5 years, but if you need it to last much longer, it will.

Perhaps look into getting an adjustable chair? For example, with TiLites, the adjustable factors only add a pound or two. What is adjustable is limited, but it might be there when you need it.  Thanks for the input! I agree; even though my current chair is relatively small, it's still too big and bulky for me to easily maneuver on any ground other than flat indoor floors.  I'd like to be able to get out more. Thanks!  I'm not too concerned with my size/shape changing (I'm 30 and the exact same size as 10 years ago), but an adjustable chair is definitely something I should look into. 