First date etiquette I am a walking person with zero past interaction with handicapped people.  I'm going on a first date with a girl in a wheelchair I met on a dating site, at the mall.  How do I be polite? Is there a special balance between helpfulness and patronizing?  Thanks for any help. Well don't call her handicapped for one, and two, offer as much help as you would anyone else... Get the door for the simple fact that you're a man, walk next to her instead of pushing (wouldn't carry anyone else down the street, would you?), and generally don't worry about her needing much. If she's like me or anyone I know who uses a chair, she'll just tell you when/how to help. But do some research about your date locations and make sure they're accessible... 

Also, do note that everyone is different... maybe she loves getting pushed or hates any assistance, so just use this as a guideline.  No real trick to it. Just treat her like you would any other date. Her wheelchair should be treated like how you would react if a date of your's said she was allergic to nuts. You don't feed her nuts, you don't steer this girl intentionally toward staircases. If she asks for help, offer it. If not, best to just let her do her thing (gentlemanly things not included). Don't bend down and talk to her. I would also suggest you don't push her chair at all. It drives me nuts when people try and help me. When I'm trying to do something in my chair it might take me slightly longer to do it but getting in my way with what seems like help just makes everything more difficult.  Three things about going to a mall with my husband, who uses a wheelchair: 1) if the mall is very crowded, it's sometimes hard to walk alongside him; there will be times when we have to go "single file".  It's nicer for the wheelchair user to go first so they're not tagging behind, but don't follow her so close that you'll run into her if she has to stop suddenly.  If there's a step up or down and a ramp alongside, take the ramp with her rather than separating.  2) STATIC!  Don't know what it is about malls but they are static-y.  If you touch her (or her chair) in a mall it's likely you'll get zapped.  3) There will be stores she can't easily get around in because they are just not accessible (aisles too narrow or obstructed, etc.)  Keep that in mind when suggesting stores to go into.   Probably best if you don't call her handicapped, that word can be considered really rude. Disabled or person with a disability are better (the second is known as "people first" language as is often preferred but everyone is different.) Follow her lead with how she refers to herself (for example, I often refer to myself as a wheelie) or straight up ask her what terms she prefers.

Remember that a lot of us consider our wheelchair to be a part of us in a way so if you wouldn't touch her legs without permission then don't touch her chair! 

You wouldn't suddenly sweep an able-bodied girl off her feet and start carrying her around without asking (at least not on a first date!) so don't suddenly try to push her chair without asking first if she'd like any help!

Don't crouch or bend down to her unless it's to hug/kiss, it's patronising, like you're think she's a child.

Helpful is holding the door for her and remembering to think about how easy it will be for her to get around the places you intend to go. Try to ensure there are accessible restrooms in the area, it's not all about just avoiding places with steps! Try and walk at her side or, if you must go single file, allow her to lead when possible so she's not awkwardly trying to keep up. 

Just try to be aware of the amount of space she needs to move around if you are leading and don't just weave through gaps if it's busy without being sure she can follow. 

Don't be afraid to move aside chairs etc when entering a cafe/wherever if it's obvious she can't get through (although don't go overboard and create giant gaps as that kind of implies that she's not able to steer properly). She's likely just as used to her wheels as you are your legs, don't underestimate her ability to manoeuvre! 

Mostly just treat her as you'd treat anyone else on your first date. If she needs your help she's probably more than used to asking so treat her normally and enjoy your time with her. 

(Also, avoid comments like "I almost forgot you were in a wheelchair!" or "You don't act disabled/You're not really disabled at all!" as they're demeaning and deny a part of who she is while implying that you only like her because she passes for "normal". It implies that you think *other* disabled people aren't normal and that you're surprised she is. It's offensive in the same way as when a white guy says "you're pretty for a black girl/I don't usually go for black girls but you're different!")

Other than that, have fun and congrats on the date! I didn't know handicapped was a bad word :(.  Thanks for all the help.  I wasn't sure about whether to bend when talking but now I won't. >How do I be polite?

Honestly? Just be a nice person. If she needs real help with anything. She'll ask :) Any update on how this went? playing footsie might go un-noticed if your girl suffers from paralysis. 

 Don't lie, you send us in first to clear the way :P It was a polite first date.   I hoped conversation might flow a little better in person than it had by text but we didn't have quite enough in common. 