Wheelchair Shopping (x-post from r/disability) Hey r/disability! One of my best friends was born with a disability that has had him wheelchair bound his entire life. He has partial use of his legs, and uses them to help him maneuver his current chair, but due to muscular dystrophy (or at least I believe he has explained to me this was the route cause) he is unable to stand or walk.

So far in his life he has owned a few sub-par foreign manufactured wheelchairs, all of which folding chairs. His current chair is a Karma (seriously who named this thing?), and when I look over it I notice it is ripe with poor materials and poor design.

Today I had the opportunity to help him in shopping for a new wheelchair. I saw some models made by Ki, Sunrise/Quickie, and Ti-Lite. I had noticed previously that just about every person Ive ever met who lives in a similar situation to my friend has owned a fixed-frame chair, and after examining the showroom fresh chairs today it seems very apparent to me that there is excellent reason for this. Better riding, significantly less wasted energy, lighter, stronger, and more features he could benefit from like a bag beneath the seat. The Ti-Lite Aero-Z Series II was my favorite that we looked at today.

My friends concern is that while he anticipates owning a car within the year, he doesn't have his own currently, and as he's never owned a rigid-frame he's afraid of an aero-z being more difficult to transport than an aero-x. Does anyone here have any experience to lend regarding loading a folding frame into a car vs a rigid frame thats folded with its wheels off? And does anyone have any insight on an Aero-Z vs an Aero-X?

If I've made any syntax or political-corretly wrong statements I'm sorry, I'm never sure what is fair or offensive in terms of terminology. First off, there's a wheelchair brand called Karma?! I laughed for a good 5 minutes.

Secondly. Ti-Lites are amazing. You generally cant go wrong with either, but the question is rigid vs folding. Last year I went from a folding to a rigid and I'll never go back. I have the ZRA and with the wheels off and the back down, I've crammed it into some of my friends' tiny cars pretty easily. I'd personally go with the rigid, because there is like a 4-6 lbs difference between rigid and folding, and rigid wheelchairs can take a lot more crap with less maintenance.  Go for the rigid frame, much more stable to drive and the transport isn't as bad as most people make it out to be.

You can take of the wheels and than it's quite small.

Sopur is good if he wants to have a light one. Helium would be the best to get there. Argon is fine too. If he's heavy and/or an active driver, get a double frame.

If he really wants to get a foldable wheelchair, take a look for the Xenon from Sopur. Very light and easy to fold and still nearly as stable as a rigid chair.

The Ti-Lie Aero-Z is a fine choice, nothing wrong with it.

i have a double frame, as everything else wouldn't hold up. The extra 2 Kilo don't make that much of a difference. But it's even more rigid and you can have immense fun driving it. I have a rigid frame and it is great, everyone I know who has a rigid frame has figured out how to make it work in their vehicles.
The type of vehicle you have definitely makes a huge difference to how much difficulty you friend will have.
A rigid frame does come with problems in transporting but to my mind it is worth trouble for how much better.
Add a bungee to your chair bag and most problems with moving your chair in other people's vehicles can be solved. My first chair was a folding one and it was difficult to figure out at first but it worked.  I just purchased a rigid frame and it is a tad bit more difficult to get in but it really isn't something you should worry yourself over.  The difference in size when the wheels are off (folding vs rigid) is so small it's almost insignificant.  Obviously the folding chair can become smaller but you will figure out how to get a rigid frame in the car.  I say go for the rigid frame.   Rigid frame, no question. I have yet to meet a car I can't get my chair into. I can get my chair onboard airplanes in the coat closet. It is absolutely easy as brains to transport a rigid chair: that's why so many of the wheelers you see have one I wonder if he doesn't mean [Karman](http://www.karmanhealthcare.com/), but there is a [Karma Wheelchairs in Australia](http://www.karmawheelchairs.com.au/).   karma wheelchairs are given by NHS clinics in the UK :p Just so you know, in the US the Sopur brand is called Quickie. In the US, the Helium model is equivalent to the [Quickie Q7](http://www.sunrisemedical.com/Products/Quickie/Manual/QuickieQ7.aspx) and the Xenon is not available in the US. Please let us know if we can assist you further! ~Rachel @QuickieWheelchair 