Cleaning wheels before going indoors. Winter is fast approaching and it's eventually going to be wet soon. What do you guys do to clean off the wheels on your wheelchair before going into work? What kind of tools do you use? What is your setup? Depends on your work environment really. I make sure and have a good wiggle on the entrance mat to get the worst mud/wet off then wipe my wheelrims off with a soapy cloth at the sink. Then I can push around indoors without getting my hands filthy and then transferring that to paperwork and computers. 

There are wheelchair 'slippers' but that just seems like a massive pain in the arse to me, they're fiddly to get on and off. Interested in ideas also.  My 14 year old always winds up with black marks all over his sleeves if I put him in light colored shirts.    i keep a towel at my door, come to a stop wipe down both wheels and usually good to go i haven't ever found good floor mats. id like something absorbent enough that one roll on it would dry my wheels.

Thanks for starting the discussion thread I don't want this to sound like an advertisement, but cleaning wheelchair tires is no longer necessary. You can cover the rear tires with wheelchair slippers and the front tires with wheelchair socks. Slippers and socks will protect your carpets and floors from dirt. If the wheels are very wet, you can use Mud Eaters, which are waterproof tire covers:

www.rehadesign.com/products/wheelchair-tire-covers

Wheelchair socks, slippers and Mud Eaters are produced by my company. AMA!
 i use a towel i keep at my door They are not at all fiddly to get on an off. Slippers go on the wheels in under 10 seconds. Have you actually tried them?  Sideguards may help with this issue. Aluminum are really cheap, carbon are crazy expensive. this seems like a hassle for the small amount of water wheels carry Why thank you for telling me my opinion is wrong. I'll definitely go and buy your product now. 

Yes I have actually tried them. In my home, where I found them fiddly to get on and off despite watching the videos. Even worse when my hands were cold as they often are in wet conditions. I would not want to be fucking about with them at work around a doorway where other people come in and out. As someone has said below I would struggle to reach the front castors to put anything on them so they would need another solution anyway. 

Wheelchair users all have different levels of mobility and dexterity. I would really have expected someone who sells wheelchair equipment to be aware of that.

 I wouldn't be able to reach the front casters to get them on and off. I think they'd be wrong for me anyway as I do far more mileage indoors than out; I work in a University and there's lots of long ramps up the central atrium etc where having a perfect grip is essential so I can make it to the top without sliding backward etc, I imagine slippers would make climbing steep slopes a lot harder while the tyres move under the slippers. They look useful for home use though - but like I said, I can't reach forward to get them on my front casters and even my main wheels would be very painful for me to try to sort. For some people maybe. But it is not just about the water. Many people are concerned about the dirt being tracked into the house. Many able bodied people remove their shoes when they come inside of the house and wear slippers or socks in order to keep the house clean. This is why we created "Wheelchair Slippers" and "Wheelchair Socks". Wheelchair Slippers and Socks prevent outside dirt from spreading inside the house by the wheelchair tires. They also protect the floors and carpers from damage and black tire marks. But of course, not everyone is concerned about this.   Maybe there is a confusion here. Slippers and socks are for use INSIDE of the house. You remove them when you go outside. So, I am not sure I understand the problem with the ramps.

Further, Wheelchair Socks can be put on the front casters while sitting in the chair, or while outside of the chair. There is a demonstration video on the website showing how to do this.

There is a special foam rubber material on the inside of the slippers which grips to the tires. So slippage is not usually an issue.  Ramps are INSIDE the building: the whole place is carpeted and there are ramps between all the floors instead of elevators, so I don't want to track mud through all the offices and the central atrium etc inside the University building - but I rely on the great traction my wheels have to get me up some long, steep ramps where I can see these slipping on the floor or not being able to stop sharply when I'm rolling down a ramp and a group of students looking at their phones instead of the world around them suddenly step right in front of me. Carpeted ramps are not something we have a lot of experience with. I can assure you that Mud Eaters will not slip. They are made of neoprene, which is like a coated rubber. They are very elastic and go over your tires like a big rubber band. But I do not know how they will be going down a carpeted ramp. I would imagine if you do not go down very fast, they will be fine. But as I say, carpeted ramps are not something we have a lot of experience with. If you decide to give them a try, I would be interested to hear your experience. 