Looking to talk to someone about adaptive sports Hi folks. I am working on a project to design either a new type of sports wheelchair, or adaptive equipment and I am trying to get some insights from people who could potentially use it.

If anyone would be willing to jump on a call for half an hour or so for an interview I would be highly appreciative. 

I wanted to ask some questions less about the specific functions, but more around the types of things that are current challenges when using adaptive equipment, features that you might like, things you like to do, hobbies, etc.

We are trying to figure out if we should try to design a better version of something that exists, or try to come up with a new type of device for a sport that is yet to be adapted...or something that allows for entire new sports to be created.

For a little background I work for an online product development community called Launch Forth, which does a form of crowd-sourced product design. 

I'm sorry if this comes off spammy, or if its against the sub-rules.  Yah hit me up dude.  [deleted] Sounds interesting to me! Always up for trying something new out! Awesome. Sent.  So that is a very good question...and I think thats what we are trying to figure out. 

The short answer is none so we are trying to understand where there might be opportunities. We talked a bit about modularity, we looked into things like exoskeletons. We are spending a lot of time thinking about things like the downhill wheelchairs, and how they opened up entirely new avenues of sport. 

Mostly I am trying to understand problems that exist and trying to see if there is a place for solutions. So unless we could build a super light weight wheelchair for rugby that lasted longer, we would be designing a solution without a problem. 

Regarding help and insights on the engineering front...we have a few partners that we are working with to provide subject matter expertise. But, because most of what we do is co-created with a larger community, we actually don't necessarily know what we are making until the end because there are so many different ways to solve a single problem. 

All that said, once we narrow down what we are trying to do, we'll probably have a couple professional athletes involved, as well as some experienced engineers to help with the details.  Sweet. I shot you a PM.  