Help finding a durable wheelchair My 70 year old mother has Parkinson's and is in a wheelchair all the time now.  She weighs about 230 lbs.  She is breaking them on a regular basis, and is having to replace them every 3-6 months now, and is paying about $400 a chair.  I'd like recommendations on a durable, inexpensive wheelchair to buy her that would last at least a year.  The brakes constantly fail as well as the arm rests as she uses them for support to get to a standing position to transfer.  For people that live in them, what do you use?  Thanks.  You really should get a physical therapist evaluation with a DME rep onsite.   People that use their wheelchair long term shop for a frame and then all the other components are custom made or ordered piece meal to fit their exact needs.  I suspect if you are only spending $400 a chair then you are getting something super cheap and generic thus not made for her situation.    Good long term wheelchairs based on a persons needs are thousands of dollars.   

They do make sit to stand wheelchairs and sit to stand patient lifts but a physical therapist (PT) should really evaluate her and determine her exact needs.   Armrests on wheelchairs at least the ones we have had aren't designed to take weight.   Plus, seems like a super bad idea if the wheelchair were to slide out from under her or tip over she could be seriously hurt.   You generally have grab bars mounted on walls, lifts and transfer boards and slings for that type of maneuvering again a PT can determine what she needs to safely transfer.  Thanks for the reply.  She has had multiple PT evals and wheelchairs designed based on their recs.  It has been ongoing for years.  These are the chairs that she ends up with.  She lives in an assisted living facility now and has multiple grab bars, etc.  The problem is no matter what wheelchair they get, it is destroyed in a few months, with the brakes going first, then the arm rests and then the sides.  We need something that is more durable than the general chair.  She is pretty physical with it, taking off the leg rests and using her legs to scoot around, banging into corners, and my dad bangs it into stuff getting it in and out of the car.   Any advice on brands that would stand up to this and last at least a year?  Thanks
 Different perspective here as I work for a DME and used to sell and repair chairs.   Wheel locks(brakes) failing is NORMAL for Parkinson's patients. They are meant to be adjusted and replaced as needed so you will not find any that hold up over long term.  Until you get into the $2K+ range will you find options for arm rests besides the standard, vinyl covered, plastic backed ones.   Bumps and scrapes are normal so taking the chair into the DME to be adjusted and repaired is NORMAL. I recommend every 6 months.   That being said, for $400, you will not find only your basic chairs.  You need to have the PT or OT bring in a ATP that will work with her insurance and get her a high end K0005 coded chair.   I prefer the Ki Mobility Catalyst 5 or Tsunami. Also look at Tilite as they have other options.  Don't go with Invacare, just don't.  Also, ask the ATP whay model of chair they are going to get her, then look at three manufacture sight for that model and look for the HCPCS.  If ut says K0004, K0002, or K0001, tell them no. Those are your standard chairs, Parkinson's patients are rough on chairs and need something better.  Thanks for the detailed reply. 