Looking to modify a horn for a student We have a young lady with C.P. who recently got a new chair.  Sometimes she can not get in to our classrooms because we do not hear her.  For her birthday we were looking at getting her a bicycle horn and somehow attaching it to her chair.

Has anyone ever successfully done anything like this or seen it done? I in stalled a massive horn on my chair last week. And I love it. very loud if need-be. While I was shopping in Academy sports today, i saw a smaller version in their bicycle section. might be what you are interested in you have Academy where you are at. If not, Ijust did a search online and ebay has a several different styles. take a look and see what you like I searched for bicycle horn. All the best I don't have an extra horn on my chair but I've attached various other odds and ends to my power chair at different times. Zip ties are useful for small items, straps and bungees for larger items. 
 A simple [O clamp](http://www.telcoantennas.com.au/site/sites/default/files/imagecache/product_full/hose-clamp-o-ring.png) / hose clamp could work, depending on the size of the horn. So for her birthday you are getting her something so she can participate in your class? Do the other students get shoes for their birthdays? Get her it for sure, but a birthday present sounds naff, you should be doing this just cause its right. Awesome, exactly what I was needing to know!  Thank you! WOW! What a valuable response.... that is exactly why myself and a couple of other Teachers are doing it, because we care about her and nobody else will get it done.  If you knew the student and the full story you would totally get it.  But you don't know the whole story, because that was not the purpose of this post, and it sounds like you have some sort of chip on your shoulder with us showing kindness to this student.

If you must know, she has been asking if we are getting her something for her birthday daily.  But I tell you what, if you want us to give it to her tomorrow instead of Wednesday we will just to make you happy.

So thanks for the valuable input. Glad I could help. She probably has arm rests that you could strap the horn to. Below the armrest is probably better than on top of it so that it won't be in the way when she doesn't need it. Depending on her sense of fashion and the weight of the horn, you might be able to tie it on with ribbon, even. I'm looking for a professional look and some people prefer a minimalistic style, but if I were 7 I might go for flourishing ribbon. :)

BTW, I don't remember what they're called to find them online, but by strap I mean the 1/2" to 1" wide black web strap like you find on backpacks, with a flat thing that you weave the strap through to make it into a loop that you can tighten. They were next to the ratchets and other tie-downs in Ace Hardware. Pull your head in buddy. You gave no extra information so if dont want to be judged give full info. The idea that someone in a chair has to beep a horn to get into class does not sit right with me but you are right, I dont have all the info so I will trust your judgment.
Edit: just for clarification the reason it does not sit right is that this is 'kindness' you are showing. Kindness to make it accessible?  I actually have some of the straps you are talking about.  I am thinking about her chair and I think we will have flexibility with the straps.  

TheOneTrueCripple suggested an O clamp, and that was my original thought, but there is nothing in her range of motion that will allow me to hook an O Clamp on to.  I am looking for some way to hook this to her tray which is essentially a hard plastic.  But I also need to be careful to not take up too much of her work space. as she uses this area to write, use her laptop, etc. Then you should have said THIS, that is not what you said in your first response.

Because of the construction of the doors, this girl is not able to open the doors to any classrooms both because she lacks strength/fine motor skills and her chair is built so that she can not reach the knobs.  Like I said Cerebral Palsy.  

She either has to wait for someone to open the door for her or wait for someone to see her to walk over to let her in.  With this horn, she will be able to alert someone in the room that she is outside needing into the classroom if her para is not with her at the moment. like I said, if it is a fun thing that she will enjoy then cool. But wouldn't a door stop work better to hold the doors open and then she can do it herself?  