Help Wanted on Project to Make Air Travel More Accessible I'm currently working on a project to try to reduce the damage to powered wheelchairs on flights. This is an issue that has been going on for years and needs to be solved. From research it seems like it would make a huge difference to the passenger's experience and the safety of their chair if they could indicate to baggage handlers where on their chair is safe to lift from and where is fragile. What are other people's thoughts on this?

I've talked to baggage handlers and they agree that if powered wheelchairs indicated where they were intended to be lifted from, the job of moving them on/off planes would be far easier.

If you are willing to talk to me about your experience, or would like to test our current prototype for free, please message me. Happy to test a prototype but won't be flying with either of my chairs until 4 flights in oct/nov, probably.

Happy to be messaged about stuff.

Some baggage handlers just don't care.

Lifting a heavier powerchair like the Permobil F5 VS isn't something that should ever be done lightly. These should generally be rolled into a can by 2 baggage handlers pushing with the brakes disengaged. Some of this issue is about information availability. 

For manual wheelchairs I'm hoping to develop something, but it looks pretty frame specific right now unfortunately. Also, the whole chair should be considered 'fragile' when $20000-80000. It's more about developing ways for it to not slide round a can, to learn which airlines break them into as many pieces as possible and stow them sideways with the rest of the baggage and which fly them securely separated, etc. This needs a database, website, some information architecture and some research and willingness to update. I'll message you about testing a prototype. 

What is the important information that should be available? and to whom? Should it be available to baggage handlers, cabin crew, airlines? (I know these questions border on naive)

Would a (digital) place for people to log their bad experiences be helpful in terms of sharing knowledge/tips/stories? 