Beginners self-propulsion chair? Hi! I've been using my cane for months but last week I had to take the plunge into my first wheelchair and I rented one to test. Was great for being pushed and folding up, but when I went to propel myself the chair wouldn't move more than 2 inches per push. It was like having a bike on first gear. 

I'm looking to get something in the next few weeks and I'll be spending two weeks completely alone in June, so lots of practice/training before I leave - but does anyone have any suggestions for how to identify a chair I can push myself around in more easily? I am decidedly not-buff right now. You can find good used ultra-light wheelchairs on ebay. You will need to know your wheelchair dimensions. I'd recommend checking in with an OT or chair specialist to get measured up. Good brands are TiLite, Quickie, Invacare, etc...
 Sounds like you were given a transport chair to start - they are the cheapest but NO ONE wants to be pushing themselves around in one.

You are going to want to try to find a chair with the Back wheels' axel  in line more or less, with your shoulders. A seating specialist should be able to get the right dimensions and then order it. But if you want something soon, you're going to have to look on eBay for something used. It won't fit your perfectly, but a brand like Tilite will be better than a transport chair. I second the comment on getting a decent lightweight chair.     I have both a TiLite and a Quickie.   I much prefer the TiLite.   Wheeling around isn't as easy as it looks when you first start--it took me a while to get the hang of it.  Having it fit correctly is really important--try to make sure your shoulders are directly above the back axle for the most efficient pushing position. 

Those big heavy indestructible hospital type wheelchairs can be really hard to use and very discouraging

You'll get it, just keep working on it.  I love my chair.  I get from point A to B really fast.  Way better than crutches or a walker.  For me anyway! TiLite's website is amazing! Thank you. I'm sorry if this post seems rudimentary but the only other person I know using a chair can't self-propel so I'm sort of on my own in this new world... My husband was helping me and letting me do a little bit by myself to try it out. Great for indoors, awful for getting to and from the train station. Looks like TriLite is too expensive for June but I cannot express my gratitude enough at the advice.  