Questions of camber and wheels for a new TiLite For your manual chair do you prefer 0 degrees of camber, a little camber, or extreme camber? Why? 

Do you like slick wheels, mid tread like Schwalbe Marathon, prefer a more knobby off-road sort of tire, or something else? :) Do you have more than one set of wheels for different purposes?

Being fitted by a chair specialist on Monday for my first TiLite rigid (always had folding) and have so many questions, any tips would be quite appreciated! <3

 I cant remember the angle of my camber, I got my chair a year ago but its not 0.  It's not extreme either, so midway?  

I love my Marathon plus tyres, but next winter I'll probably get a set of knobblies as well. [deleted] I currently have a 4 degree of camber, it's a bit extreme for a regular every day wheelchair, but I like the stability it gives me. I'm kinda known for my treks off-road and uneven terrain. I think the only real negative with extreme camber is that it widens the wheel-base but I'm pretty skinny to begin with so it's not a huge factor for me. 

I currently have pretty slick solid wheels and I hate them. I live in the North with snow and they just are not that great. I keep meaning to get a pair of knobby tires, but I'm only a part time wheelchair user, and this chair is coming up on 4 years, so I'll probably just wait. If you are a full-time user or live somewhere with pretty extreme swings in climate, I'd recommend a second set if you can afford it. What level of injury are you?
Most paras I see go with 0 for convenience and accessibility.
Quads or I guess high level paras go with camber.
I'm a C6/C7 and went with the camber angle just above 0, I'm a pretty big guy like 6'3" so I still can't fit into some stalls or small doorways.

As for tires it depends where you live and where you will be pushing, lots of people like the marathons, for me they were to bulky so I went with thin red Kendas that are good for inside pushing and sidewalks. I do have a spare of off-road mountain bike tires on other wheels in my car for when the snow hits.

Hope his helps but if you mention other info it would be easier to help, like the width of your chair, ability,injury level, it's all very subjective so it's a good thing you're going to see a specialist. Also one more piece of advice is that the specialist will most likely try to get you the best fitting chair but that doesn't mean it's always the most comfortable for your daily life. I use 0 camber but I'm pretty big plus I have to go though some petty small doorways on a regular basis.  

I have both smooth and knobby wheels and I NEVER put on the smooth ones but I live pretty far north in a gravel road  with a lot of rain and a ton of snow.   I'd probably use smooth ones more often if I lived in a drier climate.  The knobby tires I use do wear out pretty quickly and I have to replace them 2-3 times a year

The comment about the best fitting chair may not be the most comfortable was an excellent piece of advice--I went through a lot of chairs before I got my TiLite, some higher and some lower end. 

The last comment I have is really think about the rigid frame before you get it.  I had one and went back to a folding chair because it was so unwieldy to transport by myself.    Way more work and more impossible situations than I anticipated--mostly because I do travel a lot by myself.  They have a lot to offer, just didn't work well for me I don't know if this allowed here, but did not want to make a separate post... My new TiLite bubblegum (neon) pink fantasy of a wheelchair arrives at 11am on Friday! The wonderful person at nuMotion sent me a pic and the chair has so many pretty curves! We've had some killer weather here in PNW so I expected it be delayed a bit longer. I'm ecstatic and can't wait to take those kick ass tires for a spin! Have a wonderful day! Thank you so much for your reply! Marathon plus evo. tires are pretty fab! I wore down the tread something fierce on my 1st set with 2 degree camber but over the course of 5 years. May get a another set. knobby tires seem like they would kick ass over a wide variety of terrains, not sure if they will put more pressure on shoulders though. 

Do you enjoy the midrange camber? :) Thank you very much, I'll go check the link! :) I am not paralyzed but still learned a lot from that video (and those on the sidebar)! Thank you so much!  Off-roading is one of my favorite things to do! Really excited to have a rigid frame as the folding can get pretty rough after going down trails and such! I've only ever had 2 degree camber and 0 so far, though I think higher camber would indeed be better in some situations. I'll bet 4 is really stable! My doctor wanted me to get a power chair as all my limbs (ribs, and most bones) dislocate, but I'm just not ready for that. 

How do you stay safe in the snow? What will your next chair be? What would you change about the one you have? Any ideas what tires you'll go with next time round? Have a great day! i could get you tires at a great price if you are interested. send me your wheel size and company. Hi there! I'm not paralyzed only spinal injury was a broken tailbone twice. I have Ehlers Danlos, RA, and possible MS have had surgery since age 8. My doctor wanted me to switch to power chair, but I just have to move, so am going with manual ultra-light. 

Your red Kendas sound nice and off-roading tires are on my chair wishlist! May I ask what kind you have and how they fare in snow and on trails and an such? We are in the Pacific Northwest of USA and encounter a lot of rain, oodles of ice, and the slightest kiss of snow. What rims do you prefer? 

Loved my Marathons for 5-6 years but I agree they were heavy and bald by the time I retired them! lol. They were a detriment in icy and wet conditions though even when brand spanking new. Good on pavement and a pretty smooth ride all told. 

Was fitted for a TiLite ZRA today by a really friendly seating specialist! This will be my 1st rigid chair and I'm ridiculously excited! Have to have low back as shoulders and collarbones sublux & dislocate with current chair. Getting a solid 8" Jay? back that folds down. You are a tall fellow even seated. :) I'm 5'7" but the height of a 5 year old seated and have a fluffy bum *blush* so will be 17"x17" and I went with 0 degree camber. Am ordering it in Neon Pink to brighten up gray days, Q-grip as nerve damage in hand from medical procedure as well as currently broken left pinkie, and as BMX like of tires as we can get -waiting to hear back on that part, 6" soft roll type casters on front (hope to some day add a Freewheel on front and/or Magicwheels for the gear shifting ability).
I need to be able to get around house, to drawing table and easel, to get outside whenever we like, and for camping! 

May I ask what kind of chair you use? Do you get outside to off-road very often? What are your favorite kinds of spots to travel and explore? Just have to say thank you so very much for your helpful reply and hope you have a fab day/night! :D

EDIT: for wrong spelling of "fare" >.< I too prefer 0 camber at least in regards to getting around houses and such. You just never know what kind of door frames there will be! My current chair is 24.5" from handrim to handrim and new one will be 24" I think. 

Very cool that you have two sets of tires! The knobby tires sound like a blessing in those conditions! :D 

May I ask which TiLite you have? I will be getting a ZRA and am pretty thrilled about it! My last 2 after 6? years in hospital style lol have been the Aero X and it is a good chair but just has not ideal for me. 

Oh good to know about the travel issues! I went to Vegas once by myself in my wheelchair and it was an adventure! :D Where do you enjoy traveling? Do you find cab drivers and such are friendly about the folding chair? All but one that I met were quite lovely about it. Am hopeful that as the rigid breaks down into 3 pieces that it will all work out, but then one never can predict such things. 

Hope you're having a lovely night! Thank you kindly for your reply!  More than welcome.  Yeah I've had my tires a year and very little noticable wear- having said that I am a part time user, so would be a different story if I lived in it of course.

My aim with the knobblies was to have two sets of rims so I could change them over when required, rather than dealing with the extra work constantly.  But having slipped down a wet brick slope on duck shit, it's definitely something I'll be looking into.

Camber is great!  I was considering going even more extreme but being an 16 or 18" wide chair as it is (thanks to my fat butt, I'm actually embarrassed I can't remember the width, I seriously just get in the thing and use it). I have trouble getting through skinny doors etc, so didn't want to make it any wider.

Here's one of my vids, you can see the camber pretty clearly at the start :)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWgOEARKFpg 4 degrees is probably overkill, even for me, but I've never had any issues getting through doors, I don't see any harm in it. I used to be in a power-chair, but it was just such a pain to transport I decided to go with an ultra-light chair.

Stay safe in snow? Is snow dangerous? I mean, I avoid deep stuff by parking where I know the path inside will be clear (or mostly clear) of snow just because it can be a real pain to get through. 

I currently have a TiLite ZRA and honestly, I think I'll stick with it for my next model as well - maybe just the ZR because in almost 4 years, I have yet to adjust anything (the only difference between the ZRA and the ZR is there are a couple things you can adjust). I like it because it is really light and I can basically take the wheels off of it and fit it in any vehicle - 4 friends and I once did a road trip in my kia soul and we somehow fit all our luggage, all of us, and my wheelchair in the car for 12 hours. The only thing I would really change (besides the tires) is the back. I currently have a sling back and it can actually be kinda loud when I'm shifting positions.

I think my next tires will probably be Kenda Nevegal or Kobras.  