What should people with mobility impairments do in case of a building fire? [x/post from ELI5]  At my last job, I worked in a multi-story building, and I did not work on the bottom floor.

My company purchased [a few of these](http://www.evac-chair.com/), and trained members of HR & supervisors in their use.  We spent a day practicing with it, and ensured that everyone was up to speed and comfortable with their parts to play.

That being said, however, I would hope that if this was something like a hotel, or a multi-story business that caters to the public, the staff of the business would be trained and responsible enough to assist patrons with mobility impairments in the event of some kind of evacuation.

The National Fire Protection Association says the following, ["Able-bodied as well as disabled occupants must be covered under any written procedures. If your floor has to be evacuated, you should plan to horizontally relocate to a refuge area. In buildings with automatic fire sprinkler protection, this may simply be to an adjacent compartment or office space. In other cases, your building may be provided with areas of refuge. These spaces may be located as stand-alone, barriered compartments on the floor, or they may consist of oversized landings in stairwells. Regardless of which feature you have, your plan includes waiting in one of the designated spaces until fire department personnel can remove you. Often times, these spaces are provided with a two-way communication device so you can give rescue personnel your location. Your work environment may also supplement this procedure with a "buddy" system. In this case, you need to anticipate situations where the "buddy" may not be available in an emergency. In every case, and regardless of one's abilities, if you have any questions about your building's plan or how you fit into it, you should ask your employer for detailed information and request a role for those with disabilities in crafting the plan."](https://www.nfpa.org/safety-information/for-consumers/occupancies/high-rise-buildings/faqs-about-building-evacuation#8) 