Question about a Quantum Edge 2.0 charging Hi. Thank you for taking the time to read. I recently was gifted this wonderful machine by a woman whose husband had passed away. He had used it 3 times before passing, So it is like a brand new wheelchair. I believe the issue lies with the fact that it has been sitting for 8 months with no use. Here is what I can tell from getting it (Which was yesterday)

&#x200B;

The battery pack is blinking green consistantly.

The only power switch I can find is on the joystick part, and when I go to turn it on, the screen doesnt light up at all. Actually nothing on the wheelchair seems to turn on.

It could very well be the batteries that are completely drained. A wheelchair service company said that if I could somehow charge the batteries with a battery charger other than the plug in it currently has, It may be able to recharge.

I would assume, and I'm probably wrong, that if the battery is completely drained,  While plugged in the display would atleast kick on a bit, but nothing.

The manual portion I have read about charging the battery says to have it in drive mode, So I have small levers on each side put into drive mode. It's been charging for about 29 hours and the indicator light is still blinking green as from the start. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

This is the information I have at a glance, so If you need any more information I will provide whatever I can. I am a paraplegic, so getting this expensive wheelchair without having to go through insurance was fast and honestly, When I sat in it, It felt amazing. This is going to change my life in so many ways. I have a manual Quickie that will be for backup now but Im super stoked, even if I have to pay a good bit to get it running. I hope someone has some information that will help, and again thank you for reading. The batteries have to have a minimal amount of charge for the charger to recognize that the batteries are even there. It is possible to uninstall the batteries and use a trickle charger to bring them back up (if too much damage hasn’t already be done by being all the way drained); if you do this please check that the voltage of each battery is as close as possible or otherwise the charge per battery will get out of sync.  The major issue you are facing is if this chair has a tilt you need a special harness to tilt the seat back so you can get to the battery box located behind the leg rests. The advice you've had regarding the batteries is good, but I would really suggest making sure no cables have been unplugged or cut before you buy new batteries or a trickle charger. It might be a really easy fix! If not, have a serious think about whether you want to replace or recondition the batteries. They might be quite damaged already so it might be a bit of a waste of money to get a conditioning charger to then have to replace the batteries in six months anyway. I agree that the batteries are completely dead and will probably need to be replaced.   In my experience once they have been drained to this point, even if you get them to charge with a trickle charger and then are able to use the chair charger, they will not hold a charge like they should.  Maybe a couple hourse worth instead of all day. I have this chair / charger combo or maybe it's the 1.0, but I know for a fact that when I plug the charger in the light will be blinking green until it detects the batteries and then it'll click and the light will stay go yellow. 

And since I use batteries until they're absolutely gone I can assure you those batteries are Beyond dead. like someone else suggested take them out of the chair and use an appropriate charger to trickle charge them if you want to see if the electronics are going to work. 

They're not going to last very long no matter what you do they need to be replaced. 

if you have anymore questions please give me a private message 