Backpack Recommendations Hi everyone, I'm Ben, 33, from Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Been in a wheelchair for about 13 years now, was always paralyzed from the waist down though. Was born with Spina Bifida (L5 -S1 for the most part for those curious).

I've always preferred a backpack/book bag over those little bags you can get for a wheelchair, I like to be able to carry everything I need when I am out and about. Unfortunately, I find they aren't exactly good for the back of a chair as they seem to break down the tension pretty quickly. I was wondering if anyone has any information on backpacks made for wheelchairs. 

I did come across one company, Wheelchair Gear, that seems to sell them. It looks like you can pretty much attach it to the frame itself which would be nice. I just don't have any experience with them. Anyone ever dealt with them or something similar? Are there others like them out there? I carry a backpack on my shoulders with a clip across the chest, same as when I was walking. It can help to stop toe chair from being a tipping hazard when you put more than 10-15lbs in it. 

Here in the UK, there’s a company called PYC. They make bags specifically for chairs and they’re pretty good, but steep price wise. 

At worst, you can get a messenger bag/satchel and Jerry-rig it to sit on your chair with minimal wear to the strap... 

I hope that helps! I found the most amazing backpack for my chair after having nearly every single wheelchair specific bag and backpack. It’s called Ju Ju Be BFF and comes in all sorts of patterns and fabrics. It opens with panels to prevent anything from falling out and is also discreet to get catheters or medical supplies from. It can be used as messenger or backpack config but I just hook mine directly onto carabiners on the back of my chair. 

Ju-Ju-Be Onyx Collection B.F.F. Convertible Diaper Bag, Black Out https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01EO3NALO/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_09YnBbJ0MGCS3 My wheelchair can't manage a standard backpack over the handles type, as there's framework on the back for the tilt motor. I have one with velcro straps precariously attached on the back that I only put my rain gear and blanket in, but on the whole I prefer using backpacks as "saddlebags" on my armrests.  