My modified mobility scooter is a super fun way for me to engage my kids in adventures without getting overwhelmed with my disability, plus it's cute as heck!  Hi: Your title is a bit misleading. It was cool to see your kid having fun with his little car on the beach, but I saw nothing about your modified mobility scooter in that video.   Shoot, you're right, other than the visual modifications (ie #ministang body, it didn't really feature my ride much.  It's an pace saver espree and I re-geared it to be faster by extending the frame and fabricating rims to fit 13" tires instead of 9" ones - which moved it from the depressingly slow 4-5mph to a slightly better 6-7 (according to phone gps).  Im hoping to get a hold of a curtis programming device so I can adjust it from pedestrian to longtravel mode, then it would RIP and I could still turn it down and use it in crowds and enclosed spaces like i need for my neurology.  I'll try and do a build breakdown video sometime Is your mobility scooter your main form of transport? Or do you also use a wheelchair? What is your disability?

I think a video about that would be interesting. 

But as a father with a son of my own, I enjoyed watching you and your boy have fun on the beach. My need is kind of unique.  I'm physically in the best shape of my lifen i still surf almost everyday, but I have an inoperable brain tumor on my fight or flight reflex, a TBI, a pretty rough case of PTSD. Crowded or loud places trigger my neurology sending me into panic attacks or worse.  And my driver's license is suspended due to a seizure i had.  It's made me mostly a homebody who lives in noise cancelling headphones and only ventures between the house and the beach or at the cost of severe fatigue I'll do one people interaction a day (not counting online), and one actual go somewhere out of my neighborhood activity a week.  The chair though.is a super good tool.  Kind of like a comfort dog or something but when I have it I can last a lot longer, it's like my neurology knows I'm in a safe place, i have all my stuff, and even though i look like some sort of full time wal mart greeter, it seems to cue everyone that i might need a little more help (i often do) and they are nice to me. Why do you think that you look like  a Walmart Greeter. Because of your mobility scooter? Actually one of the reasons mobility scooters are popular is that they do not look like wheelchairs. They don't have a disabled look. I think most people don't pay much attention to them. It would be good to see a video of yours and how you have modified it. Just being a bit insecure was all, you're right the scooter is a really nice evolution and I'm grateful for it. Here's a video that shows me having fun with it, still not a build breakdown or anything: https://youtu.be/G7baKqbA61E 