Student filmmaker looking for anecdotes or stories of your experiences of dating as a wheelchair user for documentary research Hi all. I’m a student filmmaker and I’m currently doing preliminary research for a documentary focused on the subject of dating as a wheelchair user. I’m not a wheelchair user myself but I do have my own set of disabilities, and I think the lives and experiences of people with disabilities, beyond just the scope of the disability, are extremely underrepresented in popular media.

I’d love to hear any stories or anecdotes about your dating experiences that you’d like to share either in the comments or through a private message if you don’t want to share with the whole forum.

I’m also interested in conducting preliminary audio interviews on the subject, which can be done through a WiFi call on Facebook messenger, please contact me if you’d be interested in participating in an interview.

**Finally**, as part of my pitch for the documentary I’d like to produce a short (1-2 minute) animatic (sketched storyboard video) based on one of these stories. If you would consent for your story to potentially be used as a basis for this video please mention in your comment.

Or you can contact me for an audio interview that I can use to base the video on (matching the storyboard to the audio of your story) or even record the story yourself and send it to me (you can private message me for my email address). I am a 21 yo woman in college majoring in chemical engineering. I work part-time, mostly from my apartment, for a law firm. I plan to attend law school after getting my BS.

I date often. One problem in a wheelchair is that not all restaurants and other places are really wheelchair accessible. That limits the place I go on dates somewhat. Of course, my date pushes my wheelchair, except for times I would rather drive it (tight areas, for example), as well as put it in and take it out of his or my car.

I have been in a wheelchair for a little over two years following an auto accident. I dated before and after the accident. One problem after the accident was that guys were afraid I was fragile or they didn't want to take advantage of me. So I found that I had to be a little bit more assertive and aggressive in the area of sex. So, on one date after getting back to my apartment and making out a little bit, I asked my date to help me get ready for bed (I could really do that on my own). I asked him to first help me get my top off, then my skirt, and then my underwear. By then he was excited.  Then, after he helped me with my nightgown and into bed, I moved over to make room for him. The rest came naturally to him. The next morning he helped me get dressed and we went out to breakfast and then to our classes.

This may have been TMI, but you have my permission to use it.

Good luck with your filmmaking. I look forward to seeing your work.

Mary Thank you sincerely for your candid reply, and for the permission. 