Question about brakes Hello all, 

Recently I’ve ended up in a wheelchair from an accident, I have no idea how long I may be using one, potentially indefinitely, but for right now I’m uncertain. Anyways I’ve been issued one by the insurance company and the brakes are *horrible* and they don’t stop the wheelchair from moving at all. Does anyone know of a 3rd party or aftermarket solution that will stop the chair completely even when on a small incline? I own the chair, so I can make modifications if necessary. I really can’t afford another chair, but this one is almost dangerous how much it slides around and how easy it is to move me with the brake on. 

Thanks for reading  Are they the standard sort of push/pull locks on a manual chair? Sometimes those are inadequately tightened out of the box. You may be able to tighten them down a bit and get better braking action. I used to live in San Francisco, hill central, so I ended up buying disc brakes and installing those, but they were stupidly expensive I am afraid.  Agree with /u/Kuryakin, get out the manual and try tightening the brakes up. Mine need tightened periodically as they loosen through use. Currently one keeps popping open at inconvenient moments. 

If you are on an incline and want to stop, turn sideways. You can't nod off to sleep or anything but it gives you a break on an incline. It won't work on very steep hills and but as a new user you're not likely to be up them anyway. If the brakes are just clamped onto the frame, you can usually loosen the clamps and scoot them around a bit until they mush your tire sufficiently; this is a really common problem with this kind of brake, and you’ll have to periodically re-cinch them.  (Sometimes while you’re down there you can also flip the direction from surprise!-gravity-brakes to deliberate-brakes, which I recommend unless you’re going to knock them unlocked when you transfer.)

Failing that, you may be able to get different kinds of brake assemblies for your chair; e.g., you may have a choice between a knobbly round pole to press against your tires, vs. a spiky pole (occasional hell on thumbnails, but helps you stay put).

Regardless, a wheelchair clinic (or most PTs/OTs, less-formally) should be able to help you out; it’s kinda an important function of the chair, so if you can’t figure out some way of doing it quickly and easily with an allen wrench, call up whatever company sold it to you and see if they’ll fix it.  This sort of thing is usually a minor adjustment, maybe a part reorder. Brakes are often specific to the chair, what make/model of chair do you have? Most likely it is a simple adjustment that can be made by a dealer of that kind of wheelchair. Or you can adjust it if you have and are handy with whatever tools are required. If you bought it, with insurance reimbursement, locally, check with the dealer. It should be under warranty. If not, check with a local dealer of that brand; they may be willing to fix it. They are the push down that seem to lean on the wheels but the wheels are smooth, and just push right past them. I don’t want to invest a ton, because ultimately if I’m going to be in it for more than a year im probably going to try to buy a nicer wheelchair. It just seems crazy that I can’t get the wheelchair to brake at all.  It’s a “Drive” lightweight wheel chair- I don’t know much more than that.  One thing you might try is replacing the tires if you can. Tires are relatively cheap, as wheelchair parts go. And they can be replaced as easily as bike tires—any bike shop could do it. (Slight chance this isn’t an option for your cheap medical chair...but I’ve never seen a chair where you couldn’t) Better tire tread will help with both brakes and other slips  > “Drive” lightweight wheel chair

[Something like this](http://www.drivemedical.com/index.php/rebel-wheelchair-968.html)? That sucks, that style is among the worst available. Just skimming that brand, all of their offerings suck... Their "[Cougar](http://www.drivemedical.com/index.php/cougar-wheelchair-1168.html)" is the only one I'd even halfway consider.

I have no advice, just links, sorry xD 