17 year old looking to get drivers license If anyone out there in a wheelchair has a license and a car, I would greatly appreciate it if you guys could tell me how you did it. How was the test? What did you guys do to prepare? What model car do you drive? How did you modify it? Can you modify any car? ( I know that you can modify vans, but my dream car is a Dodge Charger lol so fingers crossed there) You can take the wheels off the chair and toss it in back or on the passenger seat. Then you use hand controls. Definitely possible for you to drive that charger. You should try to get a driving evaluation, sometimes you can get one through your state vocational agency for free. You should also get them to help you get a job to afford the charger. It's good to have goals like driving around in a sweet car.  What level of injury do you have or what's your disability? That's what really determines what kind of car you can drive and such. My wife is a quadriplegic and this was her steps:

1)  First step would be to get a driving evaluation.  Probably contact Voc Rehab or your Rehab Center.  Or your doctors should be able to give you a recommendation.

The results of your evaulation will determine which equipment you will need (which might also partially dictate what car).


2) After your evualation, you will probably get a prescription for your recommended equipment.


3) Then you will need to purchase your vehicle and have it outfitted with your equipment.  Depending on which equipment, this could take a while...we needed quite a bit of equipment, so it took several months.


4) While this was happening, you need to take driver's education...not the driving aspect, the classroom work and exams.


5) You will need to get your permit.


6) With your permit, you can now take your vehicle to your evaluation location and have your actually driving training...putting in your driving hours to get certified.


7) With your driving certificate in hand, you go to your local DMV to get your license.  They may have you take a driving test, they may not.  Seems to me (unscientific observation) that they often will have people with adaptive equipment take the driving test for their first license.  The test was like any other test for a new driver (and all info covered in your training): inpsect car, pull out of parking spot, drive a few miles, make sure you obey all laws, drive back, get your license. CP Hey, so I am a service writer for shop that specializes in conversions and mobility. So typically you need to get an evaluation and see what your needs are ( Hand controls, Spinner Knob, Cross over switch, Tri pin, Left foot accelerator....etc.) Then after that we need to see the application of your needs to a vehicle (Will the equipment you need work with a specific vehicle.) I am not a sales rep but this is pretty much how they do things. if you have any questions just reply here or PM me. My first car after I broke my neck (C6 injury) was a Mustang, and it served me well for many years. For me, 2-door cars are the easiest, because the doors are wider and the passenger seat leans forward. You'll definitely want a car with an automatic transmission. If you live in a snowy area, you'll want a car with front wheel drive (which my Mustang did not have). 

I currently drive a Hyundai Veloster, and I love it. It has one wide door on the driver's side, and two doors on the passenger's side. That makes it easy for me to put my chair in, and it's easy to have multiple passengers climb in. It has an automatic transmission, keyless entry, and a push-button start-- making life just a tad easier. It has a hatchback, so if another person is riding with me, they can throw the whole chair in the back without taking the wheels off.  Since I paid for the hand controls out of pocket, we were able to get them ordered and installed in about a week.  