Wanting to know what size of power inverter I need to charge my power chair in my car. Hello all, I didn't see a power chair specific subreddit in my searchings but if there is one I will delete this is take it there.

Anyway, I'm looking to do some travelling next month and I'm wanting to see if there's a way I can charge my power chair while we're driving down the highway. It's getting brand new batteries at the end of this month but I figure I might as well try to keep it topped off as much as I can as we will be doing our fair share of sight seeing.

I have this great little travel charger that would work perfectly I just need a little help figuring out what wattage I'd need from the inverter. My electrical knowledge at this point is probably quite outdated. Here are the stats of the travel charger.

INPUT: 115/230 VAC - 60/50Hz - 3/1.5A
OUTPUT: 24 VDC - 6A

And not sure if it makes a difference or not but the car it's going in is a 2008 Chrysler Pacifica Touring.

Any help would be appreciated, thanks. . What you need to look at is the input amps times volts.  So at normal run your charger would be 115V x 3A.  So 345 watts normal run. Every electronic devices draws more power when you first plug it in. Do you need a charger that will run at 500 watts or more with a peak of much higher. 

You will want to have it installed as the wiring in modern vehicles are not meant to handle that much draw.  An inverter should be an long term investment in my opinion. Don't look for something that will satisfy your immediate need. Get something at least twice that. I put a 2000w inverter in my can for my power chair and have used it to power up devices in my house during hurricane blackouts here in the south. 
Piece of advice, mount it in the engine bay because they tend to put out some heat and my cabin would get noticeably hot wit the inverter running.   Sooo.. basically unless I want to spend a fortune it's a no go. 

Thanks. You can find a good one for cheap. The worst part is the install. If you know anyone that can do it for you it would cut the cost a ton. Sadly I really don't know anyone that would be willing to do it for free or cheap. Oh well. 