Recommend me a manual chair? Hi, I'm a 35 year old guy who's gonna be in a chair for a while due to a right leg injury where I can't bear weight, and it's gonna be another surgery at least. Per doctors, cant drive for a while, I'll cross that bridge later. My upper body is fairly strong, and I've been putting in miles in an invacare I bought on craigslist. My problem with equipment so far is that im being offered equipment designed for light duty use or getting around the house / hospital, whereas I'm looking for something that doesn't flex much when I push hard with low rolling resistance. I've broken some stock crutches already likely from walking fast, but the bariatric ones just prolapse the metal post through the rubber if youre really stretching your "stride".

Measurables:
6'5, wingspan 6'9, 220lbs, narrow through waist-20" width is a bit too wide but the 18" chairs seem to be made for tweens. Have some money to spend. Happy to jury rig something to elevate my right leg while in it. Doesn't have to fold up, but I guess that's nice. I just go between work, home, gym, grocery store.

If anyone else wanted to weigh in on glove suggestions or how to do better on sloped sidewalks, I'm all ears. Sloped sidewalks are part of wheeler life, unfortunately; it's easier to manage at higher speeds because you're covering more distance along the sidewalk as you drift across the slope, which also means that lighter chairs make it easier because you get more distance per push in a light chair. Eventually you get stronger and learn to manage slopes. In the meantime, try crossing the street every few blocks to alternate which arm is working harder and to give the other one a rest.

As far as gloves go, I stopped using them pretty quickly: they're useful if you're constantly going down slopes and want to avoid friction-burning your hands, but unless your hands get super sweaty, I've found that I have more grippiness/friction from my own skin than most bicycle gloves. Still, if you want them, try them: go to your local bicycle shop and see what works for you. Everyone's preference about grippiness is different.

As for the chair itself, it really depends on what your budget is; the chair I'd recommend you for $200 is completely different from what I'd recommend for $2,000. It also depends on your insurance situation. If your insurance covers durable medical equipment (DME), you can get something more custom that actually suits your needs; at your size, custom is particularly useful. I'm also at the extreme end of the bell curve, albeit on the other side (5'0 95lbs, I use a 13" width chair), and there aren't any pre-built, non-custom chairs that fit me. Depending on how long you're in a chair, it's very much worth it, especially if you have coverage.

If you don't have insurance coverage, consider looking into "demo" chairs: TiLite often sells chairs on eBay it has used as demos for customers like you to try out. They're very lightly used and sometimes pretty nice, but again, it's going to be tough to find something off-the-rack, so to speak, that fits you comfortably. 

Regardless of what kind of chair you get, it might be worth going to a medical supply store (often called a DME) to get yourself sized so you have a better sense of what dimensions might fit you in terms of seat width, depth, and seat height. A good way to find a DME that kinda-sorta knows chairs is to use the provider locator from a high-quality wheelchair manufacturer like TiLite, Top End (owned by Invacare), or Quickie. If you're in a position to get a custom chair, you can get fitted by a manufacturer rep from one of those companies, and THOSE guys are much more likely to know their shit. Thank you!

In Houston, my hands are drenched after a block or so. If it was colder, and my calluses come in a bit, I could see going bare handed. Many sections here are sloped to the point I have to brake with the up hand but I'll try going faster. 
Edit: definitely better faster, especially if I work to minimize time with my hand off the drive wheel. And a bit more strength would get me a lot more efficiency....

I get insurance again in a coupla weeks (new academic year, new job), I'll ask the folks here about what you told me. Once they tie in the next surgery and healing process I'll probably be in the chair through October but I am hesitant to believe I'll be able to walk the full distance I need to once I'm cleared to walk (whole leg's pretty funny at this point) so I wanted to be ready for the long haul. 