When Buying a new Chair Im looking to get a new wheelchair soon, and i was wondering what is the most important thing you look for in a chair? I use a manual da vinchi chair. it has a ridged fraim,but is not as light as i would like. I would also like to ask your advice with cushions? I know its all down to your own personal needs, etc but would be good to get some other opinions or thoughts i may not have taken into consideration. 
many thanks  if you are comfortable with the weight of the chair, i think the next most important thing to consider is the cushion/back rest. as they are sold separately, dont skimp on the cushion/back rest. spend the money on a cushion/back rest combo that are comfortable for you. 
 also make sure that the measurement is correct, or at least the person doing the measuring is competent. other than that, I look for no flat tires, tires with no air. they are purely rubber. I also like to look for reliable and easy to use brakes. make sure the foot plate is big enough to hold your feet in place. make sure they do not forget a calf strap. check to see how the back folds down. see how you perform while transferring the chair into your car, this can expose some things about the chair that you do not like. those are the things i look for when i am buying a new chair. Hey I'm not sure about your financial situation or how much you might have to travel; but when I got my cushion we were able to use a pressure mat with a couple of different cushions, to see where potential hotspots might lie. You might try looking into that to pick out the best one, because like you said it's down to the individual.  Are the no flat Wheels less bouncy than Airfield ones? Are there any downsides? I often have trouble keeping up with the air pressure, so maybe rubber ones would be better. 

Also, besides trial and error, how do you fit a back for a high arch? The one I have isn't right, but it's hard to tell what might work ah thank you so much, these are really helpful points.  ah thank you so much i really didnt notice much of a difference in bounce..I found them so much more convenient. No worrying about flat tires ever! And trial and error is the only method I know, if someone else knows, they can comment. Whoever you are ordering it from, make sure they understand that their job is not done until you are happy. The job is not over the day you leave with the chair. Be sure to try it out and learn from them how to adjust. Schedule an appointment for a few weeks later if you want, and then keep track of any adjustments you need to make, if you cant make them yourself. 
 That makes sense.  So far everything has been ordered online directly.  For the whole trial&error thing, do you go through a DME?  Or do you return things shipped/online until you find the right stuff?
 