New rental has handicap accessible shower Hey, the master bedroom in new rental I share has a wheel in shower. This is the first time I've come across one, I imagine they're quite rare. Do you have trouble finding rentals with accessible showers? And if so, should I make a big deal about making sure the new room mate is wheelchair bound? 

If so, could you help me convince my father to include the fact that the amenities are wheelchair accessible in the rental posting? He's adamant about not renting to someone with a wheelchair.

I may need to install a ramp.
 My current apartment has a roll-in shower. Though, my situation is a bit different because this specific apartment was renovated for me and my needs, but all appliances/countertops are lowered, so if I were to move out, someone else in need of an accessible unit could move in.

Sorry to say this, but your father is being discriminatory. I had a similar situation years ago when trying to rent a house. The landlord was asking all kinds of irrelevant info about me ("is she a good driver? I don't want her scratching my walls" Fuck you and your walls, I've been driving my chair since I was three and can turn on a dime) and wanted to raise our rent for "incidentals" so my friend and I noped right out of that situation. 

What are his concerns about renting to someone in a chair? Furthermore, just because it's accessible doesn't mean that it *strictly* has to go to someone in a wheelchair. People with mobility issues can use it too, like those who have trouble getting in and out of tubs.  OP you sound incredibly kind and genuine btw thanks for looking out for your fellow man.  It is incredibly difficult to find accessible housing.  A roll in shower can be a life changer. I've been paralyzed 5 years, c5 quadriplegic.  I know many people who have not showered in years, only bed baths due to the fact they can't find a place with a roll in. It'd be great if you could get a person with disabilities in there. 
>Hey, the master bedroom in new rental I share has a wheel in shower. This is the first time I've come across one, I imagine they're quite rare. Do you have trouble finding rentals with accessible showers? And if so, should I make a big deal about making sure the new room mate is wheelchair bound? 
 
The world could use a few more people like you. 

>If so, could you help me convince my father to include the fact that the amenities are wheelchair accessible in the rental posting? He's adamant about not renting to someone with a wheelchair.

Not to turn this into r/relationships, but have you asked your father what his reasonings are?  Assuming he has a financial/investment stake in the property, perhaps he's concerned about the costs of additional accommodations? Not that it makes his stance okay or justifiable...

In any event, if that's the case, make him aware of the fact that you're willing to do the labor for the ramp accommodation. If not, hopefully you can start a productive conversation with him to address his concerns. 

Perhaps he is concerned and feels like he's not well-versed in the legalities of housing and the specifics as it relates to individuals with disabilities? If so, offer to do the research. Start with lawhelp.org and choose "housing" as your topic. You'll find a wealth of information there. 

Good luck!

 A roll-in shower is very rare in a rental, and tremendously valuable to someone in a wheelchair. You have the opportunity to make a real difference in someone's life by renting the room to a disabled person.

I'm not saying to rent to the first person in a wheelchair that shows up. Of course you have to screen them like you would any applicant, but you may find a really great apartment mate.

I once rented an apartment where the landlord had to build me a ramp for my wheelchair. I'm sure that it cost him a few bucks, but I greatly appreciated it and made sure that we paid our rent on time and took good care of his apartment. We had a great landlord/tenant relationship and I think he was glad to have had us in his apartment. Yes, wheel-in-showers are quite rare, particularly in rentals. I'd personally make sure it is a key feature when you post the listing - a person who needs it will probably jump on it (and value the rental more than someone else, thus making your life finding a decent renter easier). However, I wouldn't make a huge deal about making sure whoever rents it uses a wheelchair. Depending on your area, there just might not be anyone in the market with that need. 

As for your father, excluding anyone from renting based on physical disabilities is very discriminatory and could end you up in a lot of trouble. I'd say, in the end YOU have to live with the person, so its up to you. 

Just as an anecdote, my childhood home is 100% wheelchair accessible (complete with a roll in shower-room). My mom and step-dad bought it when I was very young and as I grew up, I ended up not needing everything the house had, but we still lived in it, because it was our home. I've actually moved out to be closer to my university but my mom, step dad and brothers still live in the place (plus I do go home for the holidays). Should they feel bad that they are living in a home made for a person in a wheelchair - I don't think so. It's great when these types of amenities go to people who need them, but just because it's accessible, doesn't mean it's 'reserved'.  All very good points.  The reason my father is the way he is, is unbeknownst to me.  I agree he is being discriminatory and if he were running a business of property rentals he could face severe fines from the DOJ for his attitude. Just like Trump lol ;).  I'm personally looking for someone with a need for this shower, knowing how difficult it is to find not only an affordable apartment, but one that then has the amenities you need.  With regard to the patronizing of people, it just sounds like complete ignorance and is unfortunate, but sounds like you're able to brush it off. I have never lived with someone in a wheelchair before and this would be a good opportunity since I live in the second bedroom. I'd have to build the ramp up the stairs, about 4-5 high doorway.  Shouldn't be a problem and an awesome project.  My countertop seem high...further along on that thought there is plenty cabinet at counter level and I'd give them the entire pantry to use.  Anyway, thanks for letting me know.  Would you get your chair wet? you'd have to dry it off. Or is the wheelin chair a second chair?  Thanks!  Wow, that makes me more confident in pushing to have a disabled person get the room.  Thanks for the advice and let me know if you have any other things that could possibly help around a 2 bedroom apartment that would be nice.  I cleared the entrance way and pushed all the furniture to the back for clear movement around on the wood floors, but the room is carpeted. Anyway, thanks again. Thanks, still looking for a roommate. Won't screen too hard. No problem. 

I have a second chair specifically for showering that is made out of PVC/aluminum. You can buy them at medical supply stores, but chances are, whoever you rent to will have their own method and it won't be something you'll need to provide. 

Have you ever built a ramp before? If not, here's some info: https://www.lowes.com/projects/build-and-remodel/build-a-wheelchair-ramp/project

I provided those because we had a family friend attempt to build me a ramp so I could get into their cottage. He'd never built one before and the incline was very, very steep. We ended up helping him rebuild it so it was properly proportioned, and I no longer was looking directly at the sky while driving up it lol.

Good luck!  Thanks for the link. I was definitely going to research it a bit, first.  I'll let you know how it goes and obviously it would be better to interview the roommate on what their needs would be first.  How are corners on a ramp? big deal? Oh yeah, I was going to say, definitely ask them if there's anything specific that they need in terms of accessibility, but also, be mindful that some may see this as overbearing. I, myself am definitely appreciative of people when they're willing to accommodate, but often times I'm five steps ahead and have things figured out for myself so sometimes I feel like it's better to mention things to people than have them assume what I need. I'd definitely ask them if everything is set up how they'd like it though and let them mention things that they need or would find more convenient. 

Corners on a ramp aren't really all that necessary. The ramp to get into my Mom's is just on an incline, there's no corner. Corners are for larger ramps where the ramp begins further from the entrance. I've literally gone up tiny little ramps that do just as well as big ones. If all you're looking to do is provide access to the entrance, you wouldn't need a huge ramp. 