Sports Wheelchair Wheelers,

I'm trying to get into better shape. I swim quite a bit and roll with a manual wheelchair as much as possible. However, my current chair (a Quickie GT) cannot go as fast as I can push it. The front wheels start to skitter, will catch something and I flip. So I am wondering if anyone has any experience with more sporty wheelchairs and can help me out. Ideally, I'd like to find something that I could roll a marathon (gotta aim big). What brands, front caster types, Spinergy, companies, etc should I look into? Any and all help is appreciated! Please feel free to PM me.

Thanks! First off, your caster flutter is easily fixed. There is a nut at the top of the stem, SLOWLY tighten that just until your caters don't flutter at speed anymore. The way I do it is to set a chair on its back and back wheels so the chair is 90°. Turn the caster 90° and let it drop. It should swing no more than twice. As in it should go down, back, stop. If you over tighten the nut you can easily damage the bearings in the front. 

Second, your chair is a good model that should be able to handle what you want to do. However, if you are not satisfied and have money or are due for a new (after 5 years according to most insurances) then I would look into a Tilite. Soft roll caters, frog leg fronts, Spinergy rims, natural fit hand rims, Varilite Zoid cushion, and (if you need more than a tension adjustable back) a Comfort Company Acta-back. Just keep in mind that your insurance may not cover the parts above so you may be paying out of pocket.  Might want to check out a Freewheel:  http://www.gofreewheel.com/

Takes the front casters off the ground and turns you into a trike of sorts- lots more stable, and much cheaper than investing in a full-on sportschair right away. Where are you located? Different countries have different brands that manufacture different products
 Hey man, just curious...what level of injury are you? Have you ever tried wheelchair basketball?
 Thanks for all of the info! 

I've tried numerous things to make the casters not flutter and have been to my local shop numerous times (they seem to be quite useless). I will try  doing what you describe above! Would it be ok to PM you pictures to make sure we are on the same page about what to tighten?
 freewheel is a great product in the USA. 
 Good to hear from ya! I am in the USA, California to be exact. Where are you located?  I am happy to help. Go ahead and send me the pics, I am not on reddit all the time but I will check back often.  Also in the USA. LA for now. I've been suing my 15 year old hand-me-down tennis for cardio around the neighborhood and the road has taken it's toll on the casters (front and rear) These chairs are nor designed for off-court use and I'm realizing this now. Last month I shattered my rear caster completely. Fortunately, I go around a 1/3 mile loop and my home wan't too far off.
If you are not close enough to a track field, I suggest you invest in a racing wheelchair. The three wheels you see professional athletes using. The rear wheels are large, yet the push rims are about half the size, so you can comfortable get up to much higher speeds. On my tennis chair, my 26" wheels and push rims tend to slow me down considerably, because each time I push, My hands have to match the speed of the circumference of the wheel. While substantially expensive, a racing chair will conserve your shoulders and allow you to cover more distance in you workouts. Larger casters tend to wobble at higher speeds. Called the shopping cart effect.  Yep. I prefer a 5" maximum size unless I am getting a chair for a little old lady with thick carpet in her home. Taller caters get over obstacles easier and older people usually don't have the strength to go fast enough to get the wobble. 

My favorite caster is a 4" or 5" x 1" soft roll on a aluminum rim.  What do you prefer?  I use 4x1 usually. The ones on my chair are the anti tip wheels from my old power chair! It was an experiment in frugality that has worked well for the last year. I ordered a set of 6x1.5 for my upcming trip to India. If you think the curbs are bad here, you won't want to roll out at all there! 