Need help finding the right electric wheelchair! Hi people,

I've used a manual wheelchair all my life but I am getting to the stage where I need more independence outside as I have become weaker. I had a Smartdrive MX1+ adaptation but it was to dangerous to use in the end. 

I am looking for an electric wheelchair that is easy to transfer from, when I see many electric chairs they seem to have a large gap due to the back wheels sticking out. Lower back rest preferably, I know lots about manual wheelchairs but power chairs nothing at all. 

If anyone knows a good electric wheelchair where I can keep my independence inside the house I would very much appreciate it! I sell wheelchairs so I am going to ask you some basic questions to help me narrow down options for you. 


What is your diagnosis for needing a chair? That will help me understand what level chair you would qualify for. 


Do you have a history of pressure sores? What stage? 


What is your home environment like? Open plan? Doorway widths?  Floor surfaces?  Anything that would be an obstacle to avoid? 


How is your hand control? Why is a manual with power assist no longer safe? 


How is this being paid for? Insurance or or of pocket?  Hi Rada, thanks for the reply.

I have Spinal Muscular Atrophy type 3, leaves me with muscle weakness. 

I haven't suffered with pressure sores but I do have an expensive cushion to prevent that. (Current using a Kuschall Airlite).

My home environment is an apartment, all adapated, with wide doors. Shouldn't be any obstacles but it is a small apartment. 

My hand control is very good so no problems there. I had trouble with stopping the SmartDrive in time, the buttons are touch buttons that don't always respond. You need to press the button and then stop with your hands, when someone walks out infront of you, you just don't have enough time. Let alone you can't see what mode you are in when in sunlight. 

I live in the UK, so the wheelchair will be paid for out of my mobility benefit as I have used the NHS for my manual wheelchair.  Sorry about taking so long to respond. I am currently on vacation so I am limiting my time online. 

To me it sounds like you just need a different power assist option. Have you look into the Quickie Xtender or Frank Mobility E-Motion systems? 

Both of those systems are controlled by sensors on the hand rims. That makes input immediate and natural feeling. Depending on what chair you currently have either system should be simple bolt on. 

I work ing the US so I don't know if they are available or funded in the UK.

I hate putting someone in a power wheelchair if they can still use a manual chair.  Hi Rada thanks for the reply, I have tried the E-Motion wheels before but the problem is my left arm has become very weak so after a short time I don't have the strength to use it. The good thing about the Smartdrive is it pushed it's self I just had to control the turning but sadly the stopping system doesn't work for me. I'll continue to look, I think the best thing is to try and many different options as possible. Got it. 

In that case I would look at a Permobil M300. Very durable power wheelchair that is adaptive. It is mid wheel drive so it gets around corners better. Has plenty of power and yet a smooth drive. The back might be higher than what you want but it's comfortable. 

If you want a front wheel drive then I would go with the Permobil C300 but that would be a different drive set up. 

The other option would be a rear wheel drive. My go to for that would be the Quantum Rival.  That would give you the closest drive profile to a manual chair but they are harder to control indoors and have a bigger learning curve. 
 Thanks for that will check that out with my local dealer. 

 Hey! How'd your search go? I'm a service tech for all things mobility related. The m300 and c300 are both good choices. 

Also, in the progress of the disorder if you start to lose mobility in your hands many of the power wheel chairs can be modified to use a secondary style of motor control such as a sip and puff, halo, headrest proximity sensors, attendant controls. As well lots of other features like power seating, leg rests, light modules.  Hiya, I have an appointment this week to try a load of electric wheelchairs out at my local mobility centre and also will look into driving there to. So I'll see how I get on! Right on! Good luck and don't be afraid to ask a lot of questions! If you have any questions don't hesitate to PM me.  Thanks mate will do! 