Limited Mobility User Survey Hi everyone!  I am a senior bioengineering student at Santa Clara University looking to create a device to help people in wheelchairs gain more mobility for my Senior Design Project.  Any feedback my partner and I can get on this survey will be a huge help! If you have any questions or anything please feel free to pm me.  Thank you so much!
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1UYsyZ0ad0sF1MZEPSidhCypCMK1jhdGnr-AIacgbZXA/edit
 Thanks for focusing on accessibility! I took the survey. I might have abnormal answers compared to other wheelchair users. Remember, there are lots of reasons to use a wheelchair beyond what is commonly portrayed in media (amputees, paraplegia). I am able to walk and stand, but it causes excessive fatigue and my heart rate to skyrocket, so I use a lightweight wheelchair most days. So transfer devices or standing devices wouldn't be useful for a patient like me. 

But boy do I miss getting outside the most! There is an adaptation called a freewheel I could buy to adapt my wheelchair to go "off-roading" but I just don't have the money for it right now. I wonder if you might look at that to give you ideas of wheelchair adaptations.  I'm in a powerchair, I can walk but due to lung disease and balance, not far. Should I do the survey? Thank you so much for taking the survey! Not to worry about abnormal answers, it is great for us to take in all the information we can.
We have also considered the ability to get people like you outside! I hope to create something to enable that, and hope soon there will be something to help you do that!
Thank you again for your input, we really appreciate it. Yes, please if you could!  We are trying to focus on activities that will help get people in and out of a wheelchair, to the bath/toilet, etc... any information helps us.  Thank you so much! Feel free to DM too. My brother is an engineer and has a 3D printer so I'm planning on working with him at Christmas to design some adjustments and additions to my chair! Ok no problem. 