Should I stop pursuing :( ?? I've recently developed feelings for a man who I've known since childhood, but not well until recently. He was in an accident during early adulthood and suffered a spinal cord injury. Uses a wheel chair & is so chill and awesome, one doesn't even really notice. He's also really strong willed to care for himself, which is mega sexy :) Plus, we have a LOT in common. :) 

Anyway, I recently rediscovered single life in my mid 30's and been hanging out with old friends - it has been great! One of my first nights out on the town, I run into this guy and we chat (live in small town, so see each other plenty...just never when I was single :)) and I wind up riding home with him at end of night. We were both kind of tipsy, me more than him, probably. I wasn't sure what would happen, but I was open to whatever. He made a move and we made out like teenagers and he performed oral on me forever...it was amazing! 

As I'm lying there basking LOL, I commented (not knowing how to approach it and being a rather blunt person) "I give a pretty stellar blow job - just putting that out there hah" he grinned and said "I'd love to find out but don't think it'd do much good". So I kept rubbing his back and neck and he said that felt really good. We finally got up and went to his bed and cuddled to sleep. 

It was just really nice and comfortable and I am attracted to him. My motto right now is nothing serious, unless it slaps me in the face. So I'm not wishing to move in or become "exclusive" but would like to get closer, for sure. 

So, here is my predicament; I can't tell if he likes me?!? I'm a pretty neurotic person, so since this happened I sent some texts trying to get a read on his end of the experience. He was very polite, saying he really enjoyed it too. Gave me his number said to hit him up sometime. I guess maybe I'm used to more "aggressive" guys who (if I'm being honest) bug the shit out of me after any sexual encounter, haha. It's refreshing, but at the same time...mind fucking me! Here are some things going through my head:

* Is he seeing someone else? Never see him with anyone else, but that doesn't mean anything! And it's too awkward to ask for some reason! He's a very private person AND a man of few, but meaningful, words. 

*Is he trying to protect himself? Doesn't want to be serious with anyone so as to not be rejected or hurt? But this is the case for anyone...wheelchair or not! I do understand it's a little different when you're a little different, maybe? But I'm a very loving and understanding person. I would never intentionally hurt him, or be turned off by the fact he has to live a little differently. If anything, I'd like to learn more so we can spend more less awkward time together!

*I've spent the night a few more times after he invited me to hang out while he and others play music weekly. Wound up being super late at night going to bed so we just passed out - but I wonder if he feels like he has to "perform" anytime a girl stays with him? If he isn't getting more than the "pleasure of giving pleasure", who would blame him or expect that!?!? I'd be down to make out or just cuddle or just sleep anytime, haha!

* Is he protecting ME? Does he keep potential connections at arms length for fear of an unbalanced relationship? In other words, he doesn't feel "worthy"?? Gaaaah, that kills me if that's the case :( like seriously, what an amazing man being deprived of the joy to love and be loved all because he doesn't want to inconvenience anyone? No. This girl is NOT ok with that - but how do I convey any of this without A) freaking him out if he IS just not interested, then there goes our friendship too! B) coming off as too pushy/intrusive in the seemingly happy life he's made for himself - which is pretty sweet, btw. Lives in the beautiful forest we both grew up running around w/ his own gardens and some farm animals, very self sufficient guy. 

I'm sorry if this is rambling, please ask ANY question you want, or feel needs clarified? I'm really at a loss with this and it keeps nagging at me, which tells me it's on my heart so I need to either pursue it, or forget it. I don't want to give up without at least trying to see how he feels. 

PS - I'm not dating anyone else, but do have casual sex with a few people; well, more like "Netflix and chill" type deals ;-) So, I guess, kind of looking to add him to the mix and see what happens! I know I prefer spending time with him to just about anyone else at this point. But without his taking the lead a little more, don't feel comfortable even telling him that :( 


 Just ask him?

You're letting your fear potentially ruin a good thing. Take a shot of whiskey beforehand if you need to, but just talk about it. 

Any other advice is just presumptuous of the intentions of an unknown person. Hello, SCI guy checking in. My 2 cents, he's into you, just self conscious that he wouldn't be able to feel or cum to said blowjob. It can also create odd sensations in the body. For me, anything sexual gets me hard, then puts pressure on my prostate which kind of feels good, but also is very similiar to the signal I need to poop. 

Getting a girl off is fantastic fun, hence why he enjoyed the marathon of eating you out; it validates his manliness. I would recommend modifying what you normaly do to a guy to be more for his brain than his dick. When you go down on him, keep eye contact and let him see exactly what you're doing with your tongue. Do not lament to him that you cannot make him cum, he already has been thinking of that the entire time.

Back and head rubs may not seem like much of a return gift after he goes down on you, but to me they are one of the best things you can do to me. I've always loved backrubs, even more so since the injury. Nice.... this sounds like the story of me and my wife getting together. 



You say you're not looking for anything serious unless it slaps you in the face. How you're writing about this guy, it sounds like you already nuts about him. And to me, he sounds like a keeper. 


You don't even need to ask him how he feels about you. Just tell him how he makes you feel, and how you feel about him, and the rest will happen on its own. Seriously... don't ask him, tell him.


And try not to feel too attached to living the single life even though you just rediscovered it. I went through the same thing when I was 30, and I almost lost something awesome by trying to enjoy being single longer. 


As for the blowjob... just go for it next time. Don't give him a chance to say no. For me at least... a good blow job creates crazy sensations in my body like nothing else (I'm a T6 SCI).




message me if you have any questions or want to chat about your situation.  I want an update on this! I hope everything worked out tho. casual sex lmfao i can't stand sluts, leave the guy alone  Yea you're right, it is fear. Usually is when there is risk involved. The whisky thing is a good idea and shouldn't be a problem since he also makes moonshine haha! Thanks so much for the advice and push :)  You just gave me exactly what I needed to know. I could tell the back rub was heaven for him so I did it a long while, then neck. And yeah who doesn't love a scalp massage?? ;-) lol Thank you so much, I will try to update if people care? Merry Holidays!! :)  Aw really?? You've been married how long?? So yeah, I am very into him and he IS a keeper. Plus, like I said we have so much in common it's almost spooky haha. 

The weird thing is I never even considered just saying how I feel. Why should I wait for some kind of sign from him? He's so shy I'd probably be making it harder for him anyway by doing that. And if he says "sorry, I don't feel the same or not ready for it "etc. fine it's out of the way and maybe we can still be friends! ?

I think I will message you about the sexual aspect of things because my biggest fear/thing holding me back from being more aggressive giving him pleasure is that I'll embarrass him or cause him to be uncomfortable. Maybe you can give me some tips/tricks do's/donts :) ?? 
Thanks so much for the thoughtful reply, some people can be such pissy little ass holes haha. Xoxo  right, thanks.... Coming from a opiate addict. The judgement is a rather delicious irony.  This guy is a dick! Good for you for not over analyzing the first sexual encounter and just going for it. I think we're all grateful to still be seen as sexy and sexual even though we use a wheelchair.  We've been married or 18 months, and together for about 7 years. 



As for waiting.... it sounds like we're all in our 30s. Who has time to wait? Go for it. wtf is an opiate Which guy is a dick? My guy or the wanker who said I'm a slut above?? Haha. Anyway, my guy truly isn't , he is so sweet and talented and he is absolutely sexy. Those strong arms and chest...mmmm ;-) 

Thanks for commenting :)  The wanker that called you the slut is the dick. No question about it. Sounds like your guy is a winner! A resounding yes to both ;-)  Also earlobes. Will add more later as have similar situation but was already married.  