Help finding where to purchase cusion covers Hi, my girlfriend is in a wheelchair, and I was thinking of getting her a cushion cover. However when I try searching for it on amazon, I get a lot of results for the cushion itself. Her cushion is custom designed to fit her, so I can't buy that. I'd want some kind of customized designed cushion cover that is washable and goes over an existing cushion. Is there a good store for this? Have you looked on Etsy yet?

Getting someone to sew it - or sewing it yourself - should be super easy. You'd just need the measurements of the cushion. But since you say it's a customized cushion, I guess it could be weird to do. Hard to say without knowing *how* it's customized. 

Edit: Though if it's one that isn't completely flat you might have to worry about the fabric bunching up, if she's low-mobility. Or maybe buy a stretchy fabric. Is hers a [RIde cushion?](http://www.ridedesigns.com)
Custom cushions require specific covers, and some cushions like Ride, Roho nexus or Quattro require the specific cushion cover they are sold with for proper pressure relief. If you use these cushions without their special cover, they will not protect the user from skin breakdown. I'd give the dealer or manufacturer a call before you have one made online. My local wheelchair dealer will alter a stock wheelchair cushion cover when needed, perhaps there's a large DME or wheelchair dealer near you that does the same? Ya it's not flat but I can't remember if her previous cover was stretchy or not. I suppose I could ask her but I was hoping to make it a surprise. I could attempt to check with her parents I suppose. Do you know if there's a type of fabric that is formed fitting and washable? I don't think it is. It's a mostly flat cushion with a indented part by her right leg. I can see if there's a dealer nearby I am in the greater milwaukee area If she uses her chair full time or has any kind of sensation loss or paralysis, it's better not to mess around with cushions, given how serious pressure ulcers can be. You could definitely ask what they would recommend at a local dealer. IMO help her find a place to do a custom cover but don't make it a surprise. The best way to have it properly made is for her to be in on the decision making.

Source: I'm a wheelchair user for 36 years now, and I've had a few pressure ulcers myself. I now do spinal cord injury research and programs for a living. Ya she definitely has some sensation loss, I don't know to what extent. Her right leg is completely without sensation but everything else does have sensation. I'll check with a dealer but you're probably right on bringing her in on it. Though her mom is pretty knowledgeable so that is also an option. Thanks! 