Ordering first wheelchair online? okay, so my insurance won't cover the chair I want (ultra-lightweight), because who needs that when you can be a home-bound hermit with crutches!

but seriously, I'm getting frustrated and I wanted to know if I can order a chair online and it'll be worth it? obviously won't be a custom fit, I just need it to not weigh 40lbs, like the one my doctor prescribed and podunk supplier (already returned).

are there standard measurements for wheelchairs? should I try to measure myself? I live in a rural area in New England, are there certain tires I should look at getting? lastly, what's the pro/con of the wide set wheels versus the standard configuration?

thank you, for any help. I feel very overwhelmed by this, and clueless.  [Sportaid](http://www.sportaid.com/), [Spinlife](http://www.spinlife.com/), and [Bike-on](http://bike-on.com/) are all online shops that sell top-quality wheelchairs. They're well-priced because they're all cash-only and don't deal with insurance billing at all.

There are a few standard dimensions for hospital and other low-quality chairs, but ultra-lights are designed to be custom-fit. If you try to measure yourself, you will not be getting your money's worth and will not be in a comfortable, usable chair; I didn't dare do my own measurements until my third chair when I had much more experience with what I needed. If it is at all possible to get yourself to a durable medical equipment shop, I would *highly* recommend that so you can be properly fitted, preferably by a rep from TiLite/TopEnd/Quickie/whatever brand wheelchair you plan on ordering. They have infinitely more experience measuring for ultra-lights than a DME supplier or if you tried to DIY, and you can get the measurements from the TiLite/TopEnd/Quickie rep on an order form, turn around, and order online with no problem.

The tires will depend on the terrain you're regularly on; if this is primarily an indoor use chair, you might opt for high-pressure narrow wheels, similar to what you see on a city bike, but if it's mixed-use you might opt for 1 3/8" knobblys from Kenda. Wide-set wheels (I assume you mean rear wheel spacing >1-1.25") will allow you to use knobbly tires that are ≥1 3/8" wide, which can be useful if you're going to be rolling through snow or other rough terrain. That versatility comes at the expense of total chair width, meaning that it'll be marginally harder to squeeze through tight spaces sometimes.

I was in the same circumstance as you for my first wheelchair, and I too finally said "Fuck it" to insurance and ordered online and paid cash. Getting your first wheelchair without help can be overwhelming, but you *can* have a good result and a satisfactory wheelchair with adequate preparation! Good luck! I would check into a company that sells chairs, like NuMotion. They know how to get you the best fitting chair. I wanted the same thing, I wanted ultra light weight but it wouldn't be cover so I got measured by a company called nu motion. I would say look around for company's that specialize in wheelchair repairs and stuff and ask if they can measure you and they can help you order a chair as well. Thank you very much! Totally agreed.  Light chairs are very custom, and there's lots of measurements that affect fitment and comfort.

We got measured at a accessibility expo (the one in NJ) by a tilite rep, then went home and ordered from sportaid.  We didn't get it quite right; the footrest should be higher, the seat a little wider, the casters bigger.  It's an iterative process, learning from each chair.  The downside is that each chair is *crazy* expensive.

It comes down to budget and how much you have around you.  If I were really tight on budget I might get measured however much I can, then find a used chair that's close.  Use that for a year or two, then get a custom chair.

But if you can get fit & get a chair to your measurements, that'll be better. 