7 Questions Medicare Powerchair Form? Do anybody know what the seven questions are on the form that Medicare sends to your doctor when trying to get a powerchair? I've already got the prescription but the powerchair company is making me go at my follow-up appointment Monday to also discuss this powerchair and apparently they fax a form with seven questions on it to my doctor's office to be completed by then Monday at my visit. I am new to the wheelchair world and I'm full time and then hopefully we'll be able to move to part-time and likely will be forever a part of my life this point forward. I'm getting a manual wheelchair from donation of reusable durable medical equipment. There are several programs around the country Google if you are in need of a donation temporarily or permanently. I am grateful for having been chosen to receive a wheelchair while waiting for my power chair. I have fallen twice in the last 2 days. Also I'm wondering if there's anything that I should make sure I mention to the doctor at Monday's appointment to assure that I get the powerchair with the total rehab seating. My insurance company will pay but it has to be justified. At a 30 degree angle a lot of my pelvic pain from Advanced that he said disease and diabetic neuropathy in my legs as well as severe lymphedema lessons or subsided especially the pelvic pain. The Doctor Who is filling out the form and gave me the script weeks ago is the surgeon for my surgery last week and likely upcoming surgeries next year once I recover fully from this one. I'm going to be having the veins in my legs a belated and that is separately from the knee surgeries. I'm looking for anybody who has taken the time to read this far so they know what the seven questions are and if there's anything I need to make sure is mentioned at my Monday appointment to assure I can get a powerchair with the rehab tilt seating. I feel bad that my surgeon is having to go through all this when he gave me the script and you probably super annoyed but I also try to remind myself that he probably goes through this frequently seeing an orthopedic surgeon. This was my 28 surgery and I have at least three more heads on my legs. They are probably talking about the 7 element form. After you have visited with the Dr, PT or OT, and chair provider, the Dr has to concur with the PT/OT evaluation and fill out an extra form stating the basics. NuMotion has a great explanation [on their blog](https://www.numotion.com/blog/november-2017/explaining-the-7-element-order-required-documenta) 