Looking for owners manual for 30 year old hand cycle. I am trying to revive an old Freedom Flyer handcycle that was donated to me. It's one with lean-to-turn design. The frame is in great shape but rear wheels are missing, front tire is shot (no size markings visible) and it would nice to get new bushings.

Any advice/direction is appreciated. Contact the manufacturer and see if they have the manual, this will give you size etc and you may find a cheap place to get parts. For getting work done try a local bicycle shop.   Definitely what the other guy said about the manufacturer. 
Also try taking it to a bike shop to see if there are any parts they could help with, likely a lot cheaper than”official wheelchair” stuff? 
If you happen to be lucky enough to be near a major spinal rehab center they often have great T-Rec departments with someone who works on their chair fleet that may be able to help you out. If you aren’t near one, you could try contacting one and seeing if you could start an email relationship with someone that works on these things a lot. 
 Hi, I have this bike, and I know someone who has another one. Do you have a picture? And where are you located?

I can contact the person who borrowed me the old tilt/turn Freedom bike at Courage Center to get the specs of the wheels. I think that bike is about the same age as your bike. I believe mine is a bit newer, but has same/similar rear wheels.

You’re right - they’re a bit odd, but they’re worth it to use! After a preliminary search online, that did not produce any results, I did contact the company and they didn't have any info for me except, "we have not made that design for a long time. Good luck"

Bike shop locally couldn't help either.

I'll contact the closest major rehab hospital and see what I can find. 
Thanks for your time and suggestions.

 After a preliminary search online, that did not produce any results, I did contact the company and they didn't have any info for me except, "we have not made that design for a long time. Good luck" So very helpful of them. I would try your local bike shop then. Would really stink to be gifted something so cool and not be able to utilize it.  The gentleman who donated it told me i may face a challenge putting the trike back on the road.
 I’m really hoping a bike shop can help. It would be so cool. If they do make sure to post pic for us to see.  