Manual over Powered chairs? I’ve been in a powered chair (per pt’s recommendations) for about a year now (t9 parapalegia) While i love my quantum i dont love how mean people can be about as im young and a little overweight. I want a manual chair for out and about use but i dont know if it’s worth it or even what to get if i did please any suggestions? Which do you prefer? I'm a little surprised they put you in a powered, T9 myself and I've never even sat in one. The more you can do in a manual chair without overstressing your joints, the better it'll be in the long run for your health. I personally would recommend getting a custom chair ordered from a local vendor that measures you, I use a TiLite but many use Quickies, and there are many others. Oh, it’s totally worth it. Your pt sounds nutty! Totally clueless! If you can propel one, I’d say fight for a good lightweight manual chair. Don’t bother with a cheapie heavy chair, they’re awful. I love TiLite. Quickie also seems decent, and Colours is kinda snazzy. 

Manuals are wayyyyy more flexible—for air travel, cars, terrain, getting in people’s houses, not suddenly breaking down in the middle of a sidewalk... And, aside from shoulder injures, they’re much healthier. Also, and I just hate that this is the case, but...people treat you better. I’ve used both power and manual and the increased social stigma with power chairs is unfortunately undeniable. Hi, I've been using a manual wheelchair for about 10 years now (partial paralysis at T12 since birth) and I highly recommend trying one if you have that option.

It is my main form of exercise, and after all these years, its given me great upper body strength, and I feel great. The benefits of the exercise are worth it.

Whatever you do, make sure the chair is CUSTOM fit to your measurements. Your height and the length of your arms and legs are extremely important to getting the chair to be an effortless breeze for you to push.

You want to get a light chair, something made of aluminum or titanium if you can swing it. Speed and maneuverability are the two big benefits of using a manual, but the chair has to be light. 

Light, sporty chairs are a lot of fun to roll around in too. 

Fair warning, I got addicted to going fast in my chair, "jogging" down streets and what not. I always use weightlifting gloves when I'm going fast, because the gloves are your brakes. You have to be able to brake hard when you're going top speed, so gloves are mandatory for me.

Also, be prepared to fall out of your chair. The lightweight manuals will flip you forward if your front casters hit a deep crack in the sidewalk going 12mph. As you practice your wheelies and bunny hops you will get better at avoiding cracks in the sidewalk, but even I still get surprised every once in a while and say hello to the sidewalk. But like I said, I'm a bit of a speed demon and don't care if I freak people out.

Just gotta pick yourself up and keep going. It doesn't really hurt, but people around you will freak the fuck out, so be ready for that, don't take it personally. People just aren't used to that image.

I've reached the point now where I dance salsa in my chair. Its pretty wild, but the things you can do in a manual are great, and your body will thank you for the exercise. Yeah a manual chair is much more versatile and maneuverable than a power chair. 

Best bet is to try to find a place that can fit you and maybe let you try out a few different frames.  If you can use a manual then definitely get one. I don't know why on earth any physio would think a T9 para can't use a manual. I personally use a powerchair most of the time because my shoulders can't handle self propelling and I do at least 6 miles a day in my chair. The lack of exercise in a powerchair is a huge issue with regards to weight gain let alone the issues with transporting the thing. You may find that you'll still want to use the powerchair for long trips out so you don't mess up your shoulders.

Try and get yourself along to a showroom where you can try out chairs and talk about sizing, cushions, backrest height, wheel camber, centre of gravity etc. Getting a properly fitting chair will make a heap of difference. I wouldn't personally get a folding frame, a fixed frame will fit in any car, you can just take the wheels off and pull it onto the passenger seat. A fixed frame is much easier to get around in too. You can get all sorts of add-ons if you want some help pushing yourself around. Completely agree with everyone else here, if you can use or learn to use a lightweight manual, get one. Some people are very quick to jump to a power chair and it's always detrimental if you don't need one. They're also a lot more flexible both for transport and maneuvering overall. Once you learn to kerb hop etc you can get places easier in a manual.

The more movement and exercise you get, the better, and like others I'm surprised your PT has put you straight into a power chair. If you don't have any upper body issues that would contraindicate a manual, get a manual. 

Be aware that manual use takes time, initially you will be very weak from using a power chair. But the speed at which you build muscle in a manual is incredible and the more you push yourself, the faster you'll improve. You'll also lose weight and be overall healthier. I would check with your new PT about some muscle exercises though, to balance the whole pushing one way thing. More important if you do regular exercise in your chair.

Regarding chair types, ask your PT. I would advise against the Quickie Argon as I'm now on my third and the last two have both developed a fault in the front left castor. I have a lot of friends with the Quickie Helium and a few Kuschalls, the Kuschalls are particularly recommended. A lot of people in the states seem to have success with TiLites. 

As you will be a new chair user what's most important is adjustability, you want a chair with the maximum amount of adjustable features so that you can tweak it as you go along. Basics are adjustable footplate, seat back (tilt), axle (how easily the chair tips) wheels, armrests (removable or fixed) and castors. As you get used to using your chair you'll find that some things don't feel 'right' and need adjusted to suit your disability and the way you push. With your next chair you'll then know what you like and what can be fixed. Initially you will want anti-tip bars, these are removable but when you're learning to push, very helpful.   

In the meantime it's very possible to lose weight in your power chair. The old saying of 'you can't outroll your fork' is very true, if you eat too much you're unlikely to burn it off through exercise alone. If you'd like a weight loss buddy please PM me, as I'm currently on the wagon after a period of respiratory issues, comfort eating, and getting fat. I’ve been in a chair a little over 6 years and use a manual chair.  I do however have a smart drive for it so if I’m on a long incline or a ramp I can use power if I want/need to.   

I like the combo approach.  I get plenty of exercise using the manual chair but if I get somewhere that just looks to daunting I can still maneuver through it without messing up my shoulders.  

With this setup it’s also a lot easier to cart my folding chair too! 4 year and 2 months in here. Been in a manual for 4 years, once I was out of the TLSO and could push they told me I needed the exercise.   I get it when i use my granny type manual people are so much more helpful and kind but i guess once you’re in a powered chair you aren’t the same 😕 I use a manual chair most of the time, all the time in my apartment because it is lighter and smaller. I have two smashed legs due to an auto accident. I use a manual chair most of the time because it is lighter (easier to get out of the car trunk) and slightly smaller. Plus, the exercise of rolling it yourself helps. There are many types, so if there is a wheelchair store nearby you can try them out. Same I always thought powered was for people who cant self propel I’ll contact my local norco ty  > I'm a little surprised they put you in a powered, T9 myself and I've never even sat in one.

Yeah, seems to go against every PT I've ever spoken with. I used a power chair for a few weeks because I had a pretty badly broken wrist as well, but was in a manual chair while still in the wrist cast and in a back/neck brace. T4 here. I’m glad I’m not the only one that prefers flying around scaring people ending up on the sidewalk occasionally and not caring.  Well im getting a new one in two weeks so maybe she’ll write me a letter 