Life Span of Jay Cushion Does anyone know the average life-span of a Jay wheelchair cushion (just the most basic one)?

 As a kid, I always seemed to outgrow my cushions before they wore out, but I've had this one for over 2 years and over the past few days seems like 1 butt-cheek is sitting lower the other. Have I just been sitting weird or is it the cushion? Normally the "expected useful lifetime" of a cushion is five years. However I have been able to get them replaced through insurance of there is noticeable wear that is affecting my clients positioning.   Take it in to your supplier and see what they can do. 

Also, if you are in a manual chair it is normal to wear the dominant side of your body first. So if you are right handed, the right hand side of your chair will experience more wear than your left.  Are you using air or gel? Thanks. It is a manual chair and my right side is FAR more dominant than my left, so that could explain it.  neither, just foam.  Sounds like you need a cushion designed with air or gel inserts to balance this out, as any asymmetric forces causing wear by acting on the cushion are meant to be absorbed and deflected/displaced into the gel material to even out the load on the foam. If your dominance is too extreme, you may even need a custom cushion, but twin-chambered Roho cushions are made exactly for this. Hmm, could be degrading then. Do you sweat much? Not sure if you're male or female, or how old, or how heavy or sweaty but if you live somewhere hot and sweat a lot, it can affect the integrity of the foam faster.

The better cushions should last 5-7 years but most providers will automatically approve replacement requests after 5 - though as rada_rada_lag says, if there is noticeable wear that affects positioning or you've changed height/weight/posture etc, you can usually get a new one approved. Depending on your location may depend on who needs to assess you for it - here in Australia it's likely to be an Occupational Therapist. I'm a 22 year old Canadian female. I don't sweat much (freezing is more the problem here), though I did spend time in some much warmer climates a few weeks ago. I'm going to see a seating specialist tomorrow to see what the problem is (I was also hiking last weekend on some pretty rough trails so something might have gone wrong with the wheelchair). 

Going to your other comment, I had a gel cushion a few years ago (but at the rate I outgrew it, it wasn't worth the expense), so I'm going to ask tomorrow about the possibility of getting a different type of cushion.  