Wheelchair users: What can we do to help you? Hey /r/wheelchairs. Our names are Ryan, Josie, and Jacob and we are undergraduate students tasked with creating a useful product in order to aid wheelchair users of all types in their daily lives. We decided posting here would be a good way to reach out to the community for your opinions, experiences, and ideas.

1) What problems do you encounter in your normal day because of having to sit in your wheelchair?
2) Would you take a couple minutes to interview with us over 
Skype, Google hangout, or over the phone? It would help us tremendously. If you don’t feel comfortable talking via Skype or phone, please still comment any ideas you have. 

TL;DR We want your input to help those in wheelchairs.  Figure out how to manufacture a titanium ultralight wheelchair that doesn't suck for less than $2000 to the consumer.  Being both legally blind & multiply disabled,  I use a permobil m300 HD. 

It would be cool to have a way of having a maps app for us,  that would let us know if a place is accessible,  also location of accessible washrooms.. 

Canada is so far behind the USA for accessibility laws,  it's disgusting. 

I dream of the ADA..  What sort of thing are you looking to create? 

I'm always complain that I can't find a decent backpack that 1)will hang on the back of my wheelchair nicely, 2) I can access while sitting in my chair and 3) HOLD A LAPTOP AND OTHER THINGS NORMAL STUDENTS LUG AROUND. 

A shopping cart that would attach onto a wheelchair would be nice too.  Sounds like a cool project. If possible I would suggest you narrow your focus to a particular disability group that uses wheelchairs. I say that because wheelchair use is vastly different based on the disability of the individual. Happy to explain more if needed.  Some form of grabber long reach thing that can subtly hide on the wheelchair so I can reach high things but not leave it around and trip up my partner and get in trouble.[](http://media.qcsupply.com/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/5/0/50065_1.jpg) A lightweight, portable ramp that can be stowed on the back of a power chair.  I'm a 21 one year old college student the hardest thing about being in the chair is trying to hold a umbrella  this. seriously. this. That would be extremely helpful. We could look into different materials as well as combinations that would feel the same and be cheaper and more light weight. Have you looking into the aluminum frames? They are better priced, just as light, and still have a good feel. However they are still up there in price but better than titanium.  Maybe a way for people to use the app and mark those accessible locations themselves so that future wheelchair users that come around will know. There have been a few apps that do this. However without users they usually drop out soon. 

[Here is a link](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.esaccesibleapp.eng) to one that looks promising.  I understand were you're coming from! Do you mind interviewing with us? It would be a huge help. Whenever you have time would be great. Most of my college student clients use a Swiss Gear laptop bag as they have a padded laptop section and are very durable. One even admitted to dragging his bag until he could find someone to pick it up for him. 

Unfortunately hanging them on the back can be a pain to get to them.  Very true. From powered to non powered, and many different types of wheel chair styles and sizes, creating holistic products would be difficult. There are long grabbers on the market that fold in half so they can hide easier. Call around to your local DMEs and see what they have in stock.  I understand what you mean. You may want to look into clamps that hold umbrellas for you but those may not be good enough to cover your whole body. Anything that is lighter than titanium that has similar characteristics (carbon fiber, magnesium, etc...) is significantly more expensive, and requires a higher overhead setup cost.  I haven't tried an aluminum frame in a few years, but the last time I tried I felt that the frame had to much give an flex for a very active chair user.  Sorry, no, because of the nature of my disability, I am very hard to understand when I speak.  I've used Swiss Gear bags before and I enjoyed how durable they are, but they have never hung on the back of my wheelchair quite right (I have a Tilite with bolt-on handles). But I recently found a Merrell Clamshell Backback that is super nice since it zips open from the top as opposed to the front, so it is a bit easier to get into without taking it off the back. I definitely recommend them to people who have a bit more trunk control to twist around.  Interesting. I have heard that they are stiffer because of the oval frame shape.  What model was it that you tried? 

Could you see if you can borrow a new tilite ZRA or even a Sunrise Q7 and let me know how they feel to you? I love first hand experience as I feel that it helps me get better at finding the right chair for the client.  I will have to look into that one. How well does the Merrell hold up in bad weather?  I am in Utah so I see a fair amount of rain and snow.  I'm on my 2nd tilite ZRA. I'd rather walk, but if I have to roll I doubt I'll find a chair that better suits my needs.  Pretty good. It's a hiking backpack so it's fairly water resistant. Plus the bottom is a thick rubber material. I live in northern Canada so I see my share of snow. I think we would all rather walk but we have learned to roll with the punches.  So the ZRA flexes too much for you?  What about the TRA?  It has a second bar to stiffen up the frame.  Or would that second bar get in the way for you? Good deal. I will talk to a couple of my clients and see what they think. Thanks for the tip!  The ZRA is rigid enough for me. And I really do enjoy having the simpler 'Z' style frame. When I bought my last ZRA 4 years ago I tried out the tilite AeroZ and whatever the aluminum quickie and coulors equivalent models were at the time. Those had quite a bit of flex to them. I'm a solid 190lbs and push the shit out of my chair though. 
 