Designing the ultimate wheelchair accessible kitchen - please help! Hi group,

I am working on a big renovation project that includes building a fancy new, modern, accessible kitchen.  I'm not in a wheelchair myself, so I'm hoping I can get some ideas and tips from this group.  

What things are essential for an accessible kitchen to work well?  What doesn't work at all?  What is the ideal counter height?  What kind of storage works best? I am looking at all the accessible design manuals, which are a good starting point, but it's always more interesting to get inspiration from actual users!

 Just for your background info, I am an architect, and I am designing the house for my cousin, who is now hemiplegic and in wheelchair.  I want to design something that will last, that looks good, and that works!  

I would love to hear what you think.  Thanks :-)
Jane Enough space to turn around without bumping into things. Space to roll under/get close as possible to the sink. Maximize storage below counters with lazy susans and roll out shelves. Area to roll under to use as prep area near stove/oven so you dont have to move food very far when cooking. Microwaves should be on counter or built into the side of a counter. Wall-mounted ovens that open at countertop height make loading heavy dishes in and out much, much easier. 

Maximize under-counter storage, but have a dedicated prep station that can be rolled under.

Roll-under sink is nice, but tricky with the plumbing. 

In my old house there was a pantry with vertically rotating shelves. I wasn't in a chair at the time, but it would make a large storage space fully useful for someone in a chair. That pantry was floor-to-ceiling. 

 Consider a pull-out cutting board or shelf below the wall oven. If someone in a wheelchair gets a casserole out of the oven with two hands, then they can't move until they put it down somewhere. You probably also want to set the upper cabinets and their internal shelves as low as possible and use drawers instead of regular cabinets below the counter. Another thing to consider is an induction cooktop. People with poor balance lean on the counter to do things like grind pepper into a soup and other two handed operations and induction cooktops keep the portions of the stove not under the pot cool. A pot filler by the stove is another thing that might be helpful because heavy pots full of water are hard to lift and may have to be dragged between the sink and stove. If you have a pot filler and you are cooking pasta, you only have to drag it one way to dump it or if you are making soup then you are all set and can ladle it out. Finally, I haven't figured out how to do this, but if you can put a mirror over the stove like in a demonstration kitchen, it would help someone seated see what they are cooking. It can be hard to see the bottom of the skillet or pot nearest you while sitting. [deleted] There is this lower cabinet pull out drawer-style pot and pan organizer that would be fantastic. I am on mobile and don't know where I can find it, but it pulls out like a drawer, and is mounted inside the cabinet. Looks fantastic. You've had a lot of really great suggestions.   This is a fun exercise and I've gotten some good ideas for when I remodel my kitchen next summer

I cook a lot and spend a ton of time in the kitchen (which I did before I landed in a wheelchair also).  Lots of low storage is great.   I pull out a drawer and stick a cutting board on it since I don't have an accessible kitchen and I like that better than a low pull out cutting board which I also have.   I also use the drawer with a cutting board on it to eat if we are eating in the kitchen.    I'd like to see a combination of normal size and lower counters so the kitchen is useful for both wheelchair height people and regular height people.   It's nice to be able to cook with someone and they shouldn't have to kill their back to cook with someone in a chair.  

A sink with the faucets in between the sinks instead of mounted at the back would be wonderful.   Then the whole sink wouldn't need to be lowered.  And a lower profile pull out faucet would be better than one of those goose neck types.  

Cabinets should all be fitted out with pull out inserts as its really hard to get stuff from the back of a cupboard even if you are eye height with it.   Plugs should be on the lower part of cabinets also in addition to normal places on the walls.   You don't want permanent appliances plugged in low because it's so easy to tangle up in the cords so things like toasters and coffee makers could be plugged into the wall while items such as mixers could be plugged in lower only while being used.  

The pot filler idea was terrific.  It would be nice to have a small hand sink to dump water in right next to the stove.  Carting hot pots for draining is a hard thing to do.  

I've  also noticed that in my kitchen I have rub marks all along my beautiful birch wood cabinets where my wheelchair occasionally rubs.   It would be nice to figure out some sort of protection for cabinets so they don't get damaged--some type of decorative thing that could be replaced when it gets ratty looking.   

Finally fan switches for the stove need to be mounted low.  They are ALWAYS put too high up.  

 I forgot to add please post pictures when you finish this project!   I'm really interested to see what you come up with.   The wall mounted oven with the side opening door is awesome! I mostly agree with you, but with a couple of notes. OP stated that her cousin is hemiplegic, so likely wouldn't be able to carry two handed unless the degree of hemiplegia is mild/moderate. Also because her cousin has one good foot they can likely scoot around a small space like a kitchen. One of my friends who's a [complete] hemiplegic almost exclusively foot propels when indoors, so he can use his good hand to hold things.

Edit: Apologies for being picky, I find it hard to judge where to draw the line. (I'm autistic, not that that's much of an excuse for being a bit of an arse, sorry) Great videos, thanks for posting the links!  So helpful.
 Awesome.  Thank you so much.  I was so delighted to check Reddit and find all of these great messages!  I plan on documenting the design and construction process for this project on a blog, so I will post a link for you when I get it up and running.
Interesting idea, that a pull-out drawer (with cutting board on top) is better than pull-out cutting board - do you think you like it more because it is more solid, less wobbly?  It kind of makes sense, and it would be interesting to design this in..
Your concern about marks on cabinets where wheelchair rubs..that is so interesting, and something that I am determined to solve in a visually pleasing way!  I see so many solutions for wall protection that make houses look so institutional.  There are so many cool products out there, so I will try to come up with some options..I am collaborating with a cabinet maker friend of mine who has some clever ideas..
Pot filler sink would be good, but the kitchen that I am designing is small.  Instead, I think sink will be located close, at same level, so that pot could be pulled a short distance across counter to cooktop. 