Should I offer to help people if it looks like they are struggling to get about in their chair? eg. Uphill Should I offer to help?
What's the best way to offer without offending?


 Nothing wrong in asking "hey, would you like a hand up the hill?"  just don't assume and grab on and start pushing before asking. If they can do it don't ask. If they're definitely unable to do it, ask. Being from Finland, people never ask if they can help me, because here everyone has their own will. 

During winter, I often struggle with snow. During the harshest times, people will often walk by me slower than normal to signal that I may ask for help if I want it. It's win-win because they don't have to bother me and if I don't need help, I don't have to speak. 

It's best to always to ask. I'm surprised to read other people's experience of people having to be pushed without even told upfront.  It is good if you can get down a bit and look them in the eye when talking. You don't have to crouch down but lower your head a little and don't talk to them from some blind spot behind their back.
Some people appreciate help, sometimes they don't need it or want it.

Thanks for asking. Don't feel bad if they refuse. I don't mind when people offer to help me. Well most of the time. Yep, 100%. If you grab someone's chair without them saying "yes", you risk making it dangerous for them. So many times people try to be helpful and make things worse. And often people offer help, and it's gratefully accepted.  The walking slow thing seems a bit weird. I always feel a bit guilty walking past old people who are walking really slowly. There are some where I live who it looks like they take an hour to walk to the shops and back. Where it takes me about 5mins each way. 

I'm not surprised that other people have just pushed people without asking though. I guess they kind of grab on the back and start pushing with enthusiasm whilst saying "hello let's get you up this hill then" without considering that people might not want the help. I suppose you have to be forgiving in those situations as they are only trying to be helpful and are well intentioned despite being slightly misguided.  Oh yeah interesting point about getting to eye level. Eye do this with kids when I speak to them but i'm never sure when doing this with seated adults whether it's going to be interpreted as me being polite and getting to eye level and being equals, or interpreted as look at this jerk thinking i'm some damn kid and getting down on his knees. So true, I've had people offer to assist, not wait for an answer, and end up causing my fingers to get caught in the push rim/spokes. Painful and unnecessary. I appreciate the thought, but not the consequences of unsolicited 'help'. Yeah.  I've even seen where a person in a wheelchair declines help (No thank you), then they transfer.  It *looks* like they're struggling, when really they're just repositioning like they need to.  The other person then steps in and "helps" anyway.

I understand; they're trying to be helpful, it appears to them like someone needs help, and they can't stop themselves from helping.  But it's not really helpful.

The best thing I've seen so far is for the person in a wheelchair to say clearly "No thanks, if you try to help me it will throw me off balance and probably injur me."  Then the other person will usually "hover", but not actually help.  It stinks you have to be so clear, but it's just teaching people.

Even family members sometimes need a little push (DONT TOUCH ME!) 