best time for a disabled worker to have a caregiver come over? I am in school right now to be an elementary school teacher. The problem is I still need assistance. I am not sure when I should I schedule my caregiver to come and help me. Also a disabled teacher- I have them come about two hours before I need to leave for work  Thanks for answering me. Its been hard I am in a wheelchair and no one in my teacher program know how to give me advice on what life is going to be like as a disabled teacher. From what I understand the school I work with starts at 8am. When do you your caregivers come. I don't know caregivers that come to work at 5am. DO you any general tips for me as a disabled teacher? I would love any advice you have to give DO you any general tips for me as a disabled teacher? I would love any advice you have to give Well it all depends on how much time you need. If things can be done in the evening maybe you have someone come for an hour in the evening and an hour in the morning or something. It also depends on what type of care you need. If you need a CNA and then It might be a little bit harder, but there will be someone able to help you. It is not easy to find the right caregiver, it takes a long time, be patient FWIW I knew (not well) a couple people with pretty severe SMA who were teachers. I have no idea what they did to be successful, but they did well! I'm sure you'll do great. It's hard to say without knowing exactly what your disabilities are but I can tell you that you just have to do your best. I know it's cheesy but not everything is going to be easy. The kids will be interested and  distracted at first, but then it'll just be a new normal and it won't be any big deal! Make sure your district supports you with the technology that you need in order to be successful, make friends with the principal, and definitely do a lot of networking. It'll go along way in the end I have a caregiver now. Who I have had for 3 years. but she is used to being here all the time (comes at 10 leaves at 6). Now that I am going back to work we are having trouble figuring out the best times for her to be here to help me with what I need. While I am at work 6 hours a day What does FWIW mean? Thanks I hope so! I am just worried that I will not have the stamina to keep up with the kids I have spinal bifida and I am in a wheelchair.I am not sure how to get the district to support me with getting the adaptive tech I need. Oops, sorry! It means "For what it's worth." 

I'd have that same stamina fear, except I'm not kid, nor teaching, oriented at all ;) I have one pre-K niece who is tiring as fuck; can't imagine 20-30 of them!

This may or may not help, but I had come across an [article](http://ww2.kqed.org/mindshift/2016/03/30/what-changes-when-a-school-embraces-mindfulness/) that said if you taught "mindfulness" early, it really benefited child behavior. I admittedly have no idea how getting this approved with admins would work, even if it would just be for your class... But I'm thinking that maybe it might help keep kids easier to direct? The article states it might take a while to see improvements, but I thought it was a really neat idea. Interesting article.  How do you have the energy to get through the day How do you mean? I'm not a teacher :) In general, stamina hasn't been too much of a problem, but then I don't have a rigorous lifestyle. My biggest problem is just making sure I have some time to myself every day, recharges my batteries.

Edit: Do you mean with my niece? I don't have the stamina for her actually xD She's very active. Generally I just don't be alone with her, I guess, but I'm really really uncomfortable with kids. sorry replied to wrong person 