Flying with a rigid wheelchair for the first time My TiLite TRA arrived today (woo!!) and I'm flying to California next week with it.  I was wondering if anyone has experience with flying with a chair.  I already called Jet Blue and it's noted on both flights that I will be bringing my own rigid chair, I filled out their "wheelchair information form" for both flights, and I plan on arriving way early for any additional checks/issues that arise.
Where will the chair be stored?  I know planes have a closet for folding chairs, but will my rigid chair go in cargo?  Will I have to wait an extensive length of time after the flight to get it back?  If it is going in cargo, can I opt to not disassemble it so it's just in one piece ready to go?  I'm super nervous and traveling with people who aren't so understanding, so I want this to be as smooth as possible. Congrats on your new Tilite!   Everything looks good so far but it looks like you have missed notifying the TSA at the airport you are flying out of.  They have a set protocol of having you transfer or of your chair and check it like luggage. They will provide a crappy folder to get you through security and onto the plane. 

Your chair will go through the normal checked luggage process and will be stored in the cargo hold of the plane.  If you are lucky you will be able to watch through the window as they load your chair in.  Try to record it as chairs being dropped/thrown is normal and you will need proof of damage to get a claim paid.  Also take pictures of your chair at the airport before you check it in. That way you can prove the lack of damage before. Try to get a time and date stamp in the picture too. 

If you land at a not as busy time the airline might bring your chair too you as soon as you get off the plane. If not, it may come through the normal luggage carousel.  It would be good to ask a flight attendant what the procedure will be as they are more likely to help make sure you get it at the door instead of waiting. I would ask during their rounds when you are in the air.  My wife flies with a powerchair.  2-3 trips per year.  Her chair (and all rigids that I have seen) are put in the cargo hold.  If you need help boarding and unboarding and/or need to use an aisle chair for this...you will be the first one on the plane and the last one off.   

Normally there is not a huge wait on getting it back (and I am sure a 300 pound powerchair takes longer than your TiLite would). It will be brought right down the jetway by the plane door if you request it to be "Gate Checked."  

Often times it is there by the time all the other passengers are off the plane...a few times it has taken longer, maybe 10 minutes.  Usually we are disembarked with her back in her chair within 30 minutes of touchdown.  20 minutes for everyone else to get off, 10 minutes to get her transferred into an aisle chair and then back into her powerchair. One time it did take almost an hour from the time we landed because they airport was short staffed (arrived after midnight).

You should not have to disassemble, but we always take off anything that could easily be broken, or could come off easily.  For example, we remove her roho cushion (and she sits on that in the plane).  I also remove her joystick (have to disconnect from the battery due to FFA regulations anyhow), cupholder, and her headrest off...all easily fit in my small carry-on.  We remove these to avoid damage since they kind of stick out past the main section of her chair and are more fragile than the rest (also the headrest makes if very tall and difficult to fit in the cargo hold).

Most people are understanding...but you need to speak up.  If you are transferring to an aisle chair and there is a method of transfer than works for you; you need to tell them.  They will sometimes try to transfer my wife with just one person, when a two-person lift works much better.  We tell the gate attendant that we need two people but sometimes still only one shows up...it usually is not a big deal getting another person as long as you tell them that you need two people.  Just tell them how you like it and 90% of the time they have no issue following your instructions.  We also tend to ask the flight attendant to double check that our chair made it onto the plane and usually they have no issue calling down to check.

We have had slight issues with damage in the past (arm rest pads getting scraped up, etc...); but for the most part it has been minimal, but if that is something that worries you feel free to bubble wrap them; we've seen others do it. They always let me roll right up to my seat and then somebody took it down to store with checked luggage. I've flown maybe 5 times and it was that way every time.  For me at least... I was patted down by TSA while I was sitting in my chair. I rolled up to the gate, transferred to the narrow aisle chair, and my chair was stowed with "gate check" baggage, and stored with strollers, etc...


Then I get carted to my seat, transfer, start drinking and PTFO. 




By the way, I would highly recommend flying Southwest. The eliminated 1st class seating on their planes, thus you can roll in your own wheelchair on to the plane, and transfer directly to a 1st row seat. It's fucking amazing.   I am in Australia so our methods may be slightly different but thought I'd comment anyway.
I recently flew interstate with Jetstar (budget airline). 
 
From Adelaide to Sydney, it was pretty smooth going, they allowed me to take my chair to the gate and to the plane, and I boarded after showing them how to fold it down, I don't believe they took the wheels off.  Then they whizzed it off down to baggage and it went in the cargo hold, my cushion stayed with me.  Upon arriving, I had to wait for one of their chairs, and they wheeled me down to baggage collection, where my chair was waiting for me.

Returning to Adelaide, they wanted to give me one of their chairs at check-in- I was like no fugging way sorry, not rolling around in that clunky piece of crap for a couple of hours!  She had to ring through and confirm it was okay but thankfully was given the thumbs up.  Rest of it was the same though.

I did get my chair covered under my contents insurance before I went, as I was terrified it was going to get ruined but it made it through just fine.  When my daughter flew she used her chair all the way to the ramp, they stored it in cargo and it was waiting at the bottom of the ramp when we landed. It was stored as the last thing on so it could be the first thing off. 