I've been using this carbon fibre wheelchair for almost 2 years now. It is allegedly the lightest wheelchair in the world (2,1kg / 4,6lbs). I'm quite happy with it as a T5 paraplegic, so i recommend it for more active users.  So 4.6 pounds is stupid light. Are we just we talking about the frame here? Because my chair is "super light" and with the wheels and everything it weighs about 30 pounds.  Are you from the US? How did you pay for it? Cool 'chair. Slightly off-topic, how hard is it to switch between powered chair and manual? I was issued both (VA Service-connected) but am nervous a.f. about "stranding" myself...any thoughts ? Is there a way to get one of these in the US? Is this similar to the Carbon Black wheelchair? I know those are available in the UK. it's just the lower frame. even the seatback is alluminium. i'd be curious to roll around on it for a little while to see how smooth or rough of a ride it is. [Yes the frame is (2,1kg / 4,6lbs). total weight is ~4,5kg / 10lbs](http://www.panthera.se/en/produkt_x.html#facts) From Finland. My insurance paid for it. It is as you might expect it is crazy expensive. Can't really say, I've never used an electric wheelchair. If you are able to use manual chair, use it. Manual chairs are easier adapted to get around, at least where i live. Managing to go through narrow doors and so on. Big plus if you use a manual chair, you need to constantly use your own power to get around, which is a great workout. They probably send them world wide if you order one > Carbon Black wheelchair

I can't really say. To me that chair seems quite clumsy frame, wheel spokes and backrest is made of carbon fiber . First time using it it was a bit odd, but after getting used to it my previous wheelchair feels like a tank. It rides very smoothly. Saanko kysyä mistä sait sinun tuolisi? Asuun Tampereella. Kiitoksia. :)  cool. that's how i felt going from aluminium to titanium.
 Se on hankittu [PT- keskukukelta](http://www.ptkeskus.fi/Panthera_X_kiintearunkoinen_pyoratuoli.html)

Olin yhteydessä sairaalan apuvälinekeskusen kanssa, ja siltä he soitti pt-keskukselle. PT-keskukselta tuli yks mies pari mallejen kanssa Vaasaan( missä asun), ja sain kokeilla. 