How to get better at wheeling about? Edit: Forgot to mention, I'm cross-posting this on r/disability as well as r/wheelchairs, just covering all my bases. 

I'm a part-time wheelchair user; I pretty much reserve it for extreme situations like conferences/conventions, going to new places that I know will require a ton of walking, vacations, stuff like that. For instance, I am studying to be a teacher, and though I use my cane or walker on campus, I sometimes use my chair when I go do observations or student teaching at schools since I could otherwise be standing and walking for upwards of 6 hours. 

Usually, if I'm going to a school, the floors aren't carpeted and therefore aren't too hard to get around on. However, lots of other places I need to use my chair are carpet, asphalt, other really rough and friction-inducing surfaces. In those instances, I either have to lean on my chair and walk with it till I get to smoother floors or have someone push me. Maybe I just haven't built up enough upper-arm strength, or maybe I'm missing some kind of technique or maintenance on my chair (do the tires need something done to them, for instance). I've kinda had to teach myself everything about it so far, since my doctors have been kinda useless and I just had to resort to buying a chair secondhand off Craigslist, so I haven't gotten the chance to speak with any kind of specialist to help me learn stuff. 

I hope I'm not stepping on toes, because I do genuinely need the support and I wouldn't dare use it if I didn't need it.  I think we need more info on the type of tires you’re using. I use tubed schwalbe marathon pro tires and find them to be fine on most surfaces, but they’re more expensive than a rubber tire. I feel like they roll better on irregular surfaces than solid rubber. 

Another thing is the type of chair and its weight.  For instance I have a chair that weighs 44lbs and one that weighs 11lbs. It’s counter intuitive to think, but the heavier chair is a little easier to maintain speed when pushing but starting and slowing down is much harder. 

If your injury allows you some core control you should be leaning into the push. Basically when you sit straight up in a chair, that’s measured correctly, your hands push from 10 to 2 (like a clock face) if you can lean forward you can get a longer push and more momentum. 

Since I don’t know how long you’ve needed a chair, how much you weigh, or your arm strength this is just basic stuff. Obviously the stronger your arms are the better they will be at pushing. Working out your triceps will help out tremendously with pushing. 

Edit

Also your front casters will affect your push. The bigger the wheel, the more push you need. I have super narrow castors on my chairs to avoided unwanted friction, but they’re about 5” tall so I don’t get stuck on every crack in the sidewalk, little rock, or stick on the ground.  I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/disability] [How to get better at wheeling about? (x-post r\/wheelchairs)](https://www.reddit.com/r/disability/comments/7dqt1b/how_to_get_better_at_wheeling_about_xpost/)

&nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))* I find on thick carpet if I pop up so I am only on the back wheels, this makes it a lot easier to roll on the rough surfaces.
It is worthwhile to build up your grip strength, this makes it nicer for all chairing about. Can you use your legs to "walk" the chair while sitting on it? Because of my knees, I cannot walk, but I can either push the footrests out of the way or take them off and "walk" the chair while sitting down. I find that is much easier than using my hands and the big wheels when on more difficult surfaces such as carpet. I actually do use this method and I find it very helpful, though people I’m with tend to ask me to stop because they’re worried people will think I’m a faker. So dumb! But between this and working on my upper body/core strength, I think I’ll be okay.  Someone who uses an everyday wheelchair has the chair specifically fitted for their height and width.

Everyday wheelchairs are very similar to bicycles. High end wheelchairs are just like high end performance bicycles. You want the highest amount of structural rigidity and the least amount of drag so you have the maximum efficiency when you propel yourself forward.

If you are 5'6" would you buy a used beach cruiser bicycle that was sized for someone 6'2" to ride up and down a mountain?

My chair is a fixed ridged everyday chair made out of titanium. So it is very light and ridged and does not fold down other than the back rest.

You need to get more exercise in a chair to build up your stamina. Start playing wheelchair sports. Able bodied people don't realize how taxing it can be to push all day.

Sry, this reply is a little all over the place. Let me know if you have any other questions. I'm happy to make suggestions. Good luck! Chair setup is the biggest influence in how well it will roll and handle.  Wheelbase, front-end angle, CoG, camber, seat dump, seat height, and a number of other specs will determine how the chair moves.  A poorly set up chair will roll like crap no matter how much you practice. 