Wheelchair users of Reddit, how helpful would a portable ramp be in your daily life? I'm doing a project in engineering and would appreciate your feedback. What problems do you face day to day? How accessible is your area/the facilities in your area to you? Would a ramp be helpful? If someone could design a *truly* portable ramp--something extremely lightweight with a snazzy way of folding down to a small size but with the ability to telescope out to a long width, adjustable height...that would be pretty rad. Personally, I don't have much use for a medium-portable ramp. Where I live, pretty much everything is accessible. And if it's not, then it's a random happenstance. The portable ramp would have to be portable enough for me to have it on me at these random times. 

A VERY lightweight, small, genuinely portable ramp...could be cool though! I travel outside of the U.S. a lot, where ramps and curb cuts are less common, and I have a longstanding fantasy about traveling around with an Inspector Gadget level device that flings out a ramp over all those sidewalk curbs...it would be so awesome.

 Get out! That's my idea. Or, better yet, PM me if you'd like to collaborate. I already use an accessory that mounts to my chair which gave me some interesting ideas on how to design and mount something small but useable in a ramp. There are already portable  wheelchair ramps called suitcase ramps, but they are big, heavy and cumbersome usually.

To answer your question though it is definitely difficult getting around  in a wheelchair sometimes, especially around small towns/small businesses. Big businesses are usually forced to comply to ADA standards while small businesses can usually get away with not providing ramps.

Sometimes small businesses make makeshift ramps by cutting part of the sidewalk which doesn't work that well. ADA standards say a ramp needs to be 12 inches in length for every 1 inch in rise and most of those ramps don't come close to that.

So yes a lightweight portable ramp would be helpful. Portable ramp is Definitely helpful but the app is infinitely more helpful if it can stay up to date and is not bogged down with extra crap.  I don't wanna have to carry a suitcase around if I'm hanging out with friends.  The knowledge of knowing where I need to go for accessibility is better, faster, and easier. I would love one that could go up 2 steps. One I can do on my own, like curbs, but in historic areas especially, where retrofit isn't required, there can be 2-3 steps. But then you get into a pretty long ramp... I have a small folding ramp that I carry in my van. I don't use it often, but every once in a while it's a real lifesaver. I made another thread on  Askreddit and based on the feedback, I've switched my project focus to an app that tells the user when wheelchair lifts are out of order and which public transport(eg. taxis, buses, trains..etc.) has wheelchair accessibility in use

Edit: I better patent the app if I ever think of making one lol 