Replacing or Repairing My 6 year-old Permobil M300 is dying. The power has shut off a few times when I was outside and inside as well. It clearly needs to be replaced but it appears Kaiser, my HMO, is considering repairing it.

NuMotion, their vendor, examined it and could not identify the problem. Now, Kaiser is sending their "repair or replace team" to examine it and I'm afraid that they'll try repairing it. It needs to be replaced.

I have good  insurance through the federal government and was retired for disability ages ago, Medicare since 2003 based on disability, and Medicaid. Does anyone "know the rules" about replacing these chairs?  It's practically an antique. I'm retired for disability, 63, and live in Washington state. Thanks

​

​ As far as I know wheelchairs have to be replaced every 5 years. However, for the new wheelchair you may need a prescription because of the changing in medical condition. And seating evaluation then. If you have insurance through the Federal Government, use it. I heard that it's almost impossible to receive anything from Medicaid, but if you have private as well, then it may work for you.

When the team will come ask them for the copy of the evaluation they will made. Just in case. For court. If the chair would break, your attorney will know who would take responsibility for your trauma.  I used to sell wheelchairs so I am going off of experience. The recommendation is to replace every 5 years but some times an insurer will try to make the chair last longer.  The best thing to do now is to have your tech do a full write up of all parts and labor needed to bring your chair to a "like new" condition. Where you are having electrical issues, have them include all electrical components, including wiring and batteries. Make sure they add in every part that needs to be replaced such as tires and casters. Get them to add labor for every part. The point is to bring the cost of repair to over 70% of replacement cost. It is a little underhanded but after 5 years, chairs NEED to be replaced sure to the wear and tear they go through. dburg, thanks I meant this point you'll need to explain to the evaluation team. But usually they are representing some DME companies and that gives me a hope that they will make right decision.
Kennedy Krieger Institute is the great patients advocate, try to contact them... 
Additional informational resource is New Mobility magazine, you can Google it. They have some sort of advisers who may give you more details. 