Adjusting to new wheelchair life So, as of last year (when I finally got a job I loved) I had to quit due to the damage in my feet.

I have Charcot (not marie-tooth one) in both my feet. I walked for months on it as it got worse because I wanted to work and I was stubborn, before doctors determined what I had was outside normal walking swelling.

Last June I got a manual wheelchair, I barely used it because it was hard for me to get out of the house as we didn't have ramps or money for them, I also had a hard time standing and pulling my chair out of the back of my car. So I just walked around.. thus damaging and fracturing my feet even more. Now even my right foot is starting to damage.

Finally about February, I finally got into using the chair more. We made a crappy but half way workable cheap wood ramp setup, it's not the best but it works.

My mom (who is 65) helps me with getting my chair in and out of her car. I hate that she does it but she doesn't want me on my feet. I've been ordered to NOT walk as much as possible.

I now wear a Crow Boot on my left foot and an AFO brace on my right.

Biggest problem for me is trying to adjust. I used to be an avid hiker until I go tmy job. Used to going anywhere I wanted at any time. I can't do that anymore. The disability made me lose my car I just got before I had to quit. I can't just go to a trail and go up it. I can't reach things, this is like being worse than the average short person, everything is too high, too out of reach, to far, something. I just want to throw things half the time out of frustration because I can't do it myself. I have always done everything myself even if it took me longer, I'm stubborn and way over independant like that.

I hate my current chair because it gets in the way, doesn't turn well because the wheels get trapped against things. I can't take it into the bathroom so middle of th enight is barefoot and talking on heels (because bones push down, I have a rocker foot). 

I don't know if I can adjust to this, it's been several months and I just sometimes want to ride it off a cliff and say screw this.

How do people adjust, how do you adjust? It's a depressing situation seriously. It's also painful, my feet still have not healed in the state they are in because at times I don't have a choice but to be on them. I read back and right now I feel like a whiner :p I hate that.

I have a power chair coming in the next week or 2. The manual chair is too much for me right now. in 2011 I cut a toe at the beach and lost the middle toe, not walking for 8 months was horrendous to deal with. I plan on getting into a gym somewhat so I can get my strength back because 2011 incident, I started to gain wwwaaaay to much weight and with this, I gained a lot more (It's even more depressing with that).

I just don't know how to adjust and not want to stab something every time I can't reach or do something, or go hiking, or drive on my own. I hate transit with a passion. Hi! I bet you would find the chair life much more tolerable if you had a nicer chair. The ultralight chairs that are available right now can weigh in under 15 pounds, and with the right wheels, you can even do a fair amount of hiking. These chairs are very compact and maneuverable. You can also put in the back seat of the car from the driver's seat. Check ebay/craigslist. (An example)[http://www.ebay.com/itm/TiLite-16x17-ZRA-Lightweight-Titanium-Wheelchair-SN-49650-/111759399124?hash=item1a056118d4]
 You know I read some of the comments, stay away from the power chair! I'm serious, I don't car if you already ordered it, life is shitty but it could be worse.. I'm a quad, can use my hands and nothing under the armpit line, it's been two year. I also used to be really good and into sports, my life took a real 180 FAST! But I stayed away from the power and have been in a manual all the time. Powered chairs make you fat, lazy and cause a lot of skin issues, not for EVERYONE, of course. Look around ask for help, there are so many people out there, I got my hand controles for my car paid by BloodBrothers, and that was 2,500! DVR is paying for my entire college and grad school, and just bough be a new TRA which was 5,600 bucks! People like this keep me going and I'm sure people can help you! I live all on my own and do everything on my own despite no finger function! Just keep your head up man, make others in similar situations look up to you! Not the other way around. You should look into a custom manual chair in addition to the power chair. They are much better than a standard chair, and break down easily for travel. Maybe think about building a nice ramp, or finding an apartment nearby that is set for a chair?.

Have you looked into hand controls for a vehicle? Even not using your feel, you could drive using them. Most customized chairs break down into the car from the drivers seat, or you can get a minivan if you can reach back and toss it in complete.

Some big parks will have tons of paved paths you can roll down to help with the hiking fix :) I don't know where you're located but there should be some organizations that will help get a suitable ramp built, widen your bathroom door, and pretty much help getting your house adjusted for easy living. I understand wanting a power chair but consider how hard that's going to be to load into your vehicle if you already have trouble loading a manual. There are lighter wheelchairs, my daughters weighs 15 pounds. As someone else stated you can get hand controls put on your vehicle and there are chairs that you can fold and toss in the back. As for reaching things, they make extendable grabber things, not the actual name but can't think of it atm, this should help a little when shopping. As for reaching things in your house, if the wheelchair is permanent, you should consider moving everything lower, such as shelving. Seems like a lot of work but in the long run when it's all done, you'll probably be a lot happier doing day to day things. Don't give up, adjusting sucks but you'll get the hang of it and one day you'll be doing something and realize when you first started out, you thought it was impossible. I understand how you feel. I have MD which was diagnosed at 30 yrs. old. I have slowly lost mobility over the past 15 years. I am now in a powerchair at work but need help getting in and out of my car. It's very depressing to lose control. But, once you find the right chair your world can open up.

In case you haven't done so, I suggest you meet with a wheelchair specialist, usually an occupational therapist. I found one through the MDA. Contact your local office and see what is available in your area. I had one visit and was approved (through insurance) for an extremely nice chair that I never would have been able to get on my own. Good luck. Being I only get $700 a month SSI right now, yeah that's not going to work lol I can't afford those. Kinda in that crappy situation with money at the moment too. I use my powerchair to get to the pool for exercise. No powerchair no pool. This is true for some people but not for many. A power chair will only make you fat and lazy if you let it. My plan is to get this chair, I'm getting to the gym, I am going to fix it so I CAN use a manual chair better. Right now it's too hard with pain meds, being exhausted etc. But I need my feet and ankles to actually heal first, manual chair does not get around my house well, I can't use the foot rests, I end up using my feet to get around. 

Powerchair will help me get around more, the gym trainer and I are going to have a good meeting on what I need to do to keep that upper strength and arms going better. I don't plan on letting it get me fat and lazy, already fat, working on that too which got worse when the problems started in not being able to walk anymore.

Im too stubborn to let it just make me all not doing things lol. Few steps at a time... or... wheelrolls at a time. But I understand what you mean. I'm getting this chair free, it's what I can do for now I don't have the income currently for that. Insurance will get one or the other and until I am back at the gym, the manual chair is really hard for me. Things kinda got unfit more I had to deal with healing and well, still haven't healed yet We tried to do the ramps thing, which we can't do because I live with family, their income is too much for some help. They own the home so they are responsible, lol their income isn't the greatest but yeah.

Reason I am getting a power chair is because the manual chair I have right now is crap to sit in, I can't get myself around in it. The past few years of issues have made moving MYSELF around hard for me right now. I have options after I get the power chair to better myself a little with a gym to strengthen myself. But, my insurance will only pay for one thing or the other. The manual chair they offered isn't any better really than what I already have.  Already did that, waiting on powerchair parts to arrive so it will get built.. from insurance. My insurance is extremely limited on what they will allow, been a 3 month process already. Not having much of anything for income yet, really limits the other ideas so far What size chair do you need? I might be able to hook you up.  Good I suppose ha, many of us are very stubborn ! I think it's a good thing but working my upper body has helped me a lot even though I only have one working pec and tricep. I wish you all the luck, it'll get better and easier soon. I was always told the first two years are the hardest, I'm now in a chair for 2 and a half, everything got easier except for the new things I want to do, everyday is a new learning experience. Others were talking about a lightweight manual chair that you can take apart when you get into your car and put the parts/chair behind or next to you when you get in

Right now though, I am in the middle of getting a power chair. It's taken almost 3 months to get it... but said to be completed in 2-3 more weeks. Just waiting. Will handle the power chair for now until I get better upper strength. Using a manual chair and I have slight issues with my hands right now, is very hard. So though having a manual nice chair would be nice... insurance wont pay for it and I might not be able to use it well right now.

 If you know of any 18x22's or similar going, *please* yell me. Everything (and I mean everything) is going on my son's hospital bills at the moment and I'm not even making rent, but my powerchair can't kerb-mount or get into the shops here, or my son's daycare. I'm in a stupid can't-get-a-manual-funded-as-I-have-a-powerchair loop when I need a light manual for the times I can't use a powerchair, and to have some independence.

thanks guys. gl ravenskyewolf - hope you find a solution also! 