Any experience with Ki Mobility? I have a Ki Mobility Catalyst 4. Constant problems with it.First set of pneumatic coasters were not round, caused rumbling at high speeds. Had that replaced. Now the aluminum around where the bolts of the brakes go through and the aluminum where the bolt goes through the caster forks is giving in. The Aluminum is just spreading like butter from the pressure of using the brakes/wheelies. Anyone have experience with this company? I've only had this chair since January. I've got a little bit of experience from a non-user standpoint.  I have actually never heard of this issue on my side of things, but it could possibly fall under their 5 year warranty period.  Assuming Ki doesn't consider wheelies 'neglect' or 'abuse'.  You may want to reach out to the vendor you purchased the Cat4 from to verify whether you have a warranty issue.  Also; If I'm reading you correctly it also sounds like maybe a tech has overtorqued the bolts attaching your brakes and your forks?  I've heard of castor forks warping from an overly tightened bolt on other chairs but I've not come across the brake situation.  For the Forks, at least, they may need to be replaced and the installer must be sure NOT to tighten the bolt THROUGH the nylon in the nut.  I've contacted them but haven't heard back yet. I'm thinking I made a mistake taking their advice to get a Ki and should have gotten a quickie or TI instead. A non-folding one would be great too. I sound like the unoiled tin man rolling around when its quiet, this chair is so noisy.  I see a lot of positive opinions on Ti on this board.  I've heard a lot of positive things about Ki as well and they also have Rigid chairs; Rogue and Tsunami.  The Cat4 is the older model Catalyst that Ki still offers.  They also have the Cat5 and it comes in an Aluminum Frame or a Titanium frame.  Otherwise; If a new chair is an option the Ti Aero seems to be popular.  I've heard positive things about Quickie's Q7 if a rigid is what you're looking at. I had to switch insurance, so maybe another chair would be a possibility. I'd like to have an outside chair that could stay in the car and an inside one. I can walk the distance between the house and the car. That would be nice. Rigid will be my next chair for sure.  Ki is a budget brand that is improving. As a vendor or is who we would go to if the insurance allowable was to low for a Tilite. I am not surprised to see that there are issues with their manufacturing as the catalyst 4 is the cheapest K0004 coded chair they offer. 

That being said, I would trust a catalyst over a Q7 any day. I will never sell another Q7 because of the front end gears. I told my quickie rep that repeatedly over the last few years and they responded by making it an option on more chairs. At this point I would rather sell a invacare topend, knowing that the frame WILL break at the back bolt hole, then sell a quickie. 

Stick with a Tilite if your insurance will cover, a Ki rigid if not.   Tell your vendor to order a aluminum chair from Ti with the titanium upgrade, it lowers the price from a standard titanium chair enough to hit most allowables. Thanks. That was super helpful. My new insurance seems to be more generous than my last. Haven't got the specifics,  but it's through my wife's employer and the only insurance we can afford until my disability goes through. Hopefully they are helpful with a new chair.  