Max Mobility SmartDrive? Comments and information wanted. Does anyone here have a Max Mobility SmartDrive? It is a motor, battery, wheel device placed under a manual wheelchair to power it.

Did your insurance pay for it (or part of it)?

How does in compare to a lightweight foldup power chair? In what way is better than a foldup power chair costing half as much?

Thanks, Mary I have one! Lovvvvvvve it! 

My insurance paid for it. I admit though, I have really good insurance through my employer. So, not sure how well it’s getting covered elsewhere.

I think it is way more flexible an option than a lightweight power chair. But, like all theses things, preferences are going to depend on your needs and goals. The thing about the smart drive is that it’s completely portable and detachable from the chair. It just hooks over a small attachment on the back of the chair. You just lift it up at a small angle to take it off or hook it back on. The device weights around 14lbs. Not light as a feather, but way lighter than any lightweight power chair. I don’t have full use of my arms, but personally I have no problems attaching/detaching it.

The fact that it is a portable attachment for me means that it is something I feel a lot safer traveling with. If the smart drive breaks...I still have a completely functional chair. My eggs are not all in one basket, as the saying goes. For air travel (if that’s relevant to you) I just pop it off and put it in a pelican case. No worries about incompetent baggage employees wrecking it. It’s also easier for visiting the houses of friends and family. If I need some power to get from distant parking to a house—no problem. But if I then need to be airlifted up a few stairs—still no problem, because I’m in a lightweight manual chair and the smart drive just pops off.

I also really appreciate that it maintains the functionality and aesthetic of my manual chair. Lightweight power chairs tend to infuriate me. So dinky. Nothing more frustrating than getting stuck in a puny sidewalk crack in one of those things. With a smart drive, I still have all the options of my manual chair. I can pop all the wheelies, navigate uneven terrain. The smart drive then adds a bonus—I can flip it on, and SPEED!

So yeah..I freaking love the smart drive. I think it’s a much more robust, reliable, and just plain fun device than any lightweight power chair. I second the other commenter!   I love love love mine.   I travel frequently for work (100k miles plus per year) and this thing is awesome for a person that travels alone.  I have a lightweight folding chair (TiLite aero x) that I mostly use it on so that I can rent a normal car and put the chair in the back.   I also have removable hand controls for a car that fit in my carryon.   I hand carry the battery on the plane since it’s a lithium battery and shouldn’t be checked—or even gate checked.  It’s a little heavy and awkward as the folding chair setup has the attachment arms sticking out of the sides.   The setup for the rigid chair does not it just hangs on the chair crosspiece

It does the best on smooth surfaces although I have used it on brick walkways, cobblestones and good not loose gravel roads.  It’s not good for Unpacked walking paths made of materials like pea gravel or loose screenings.   Grass is ok sometimes but is better on shorter dryer grasses with packed dirt rather than long wet grass which it slips on.  It’s also not real good on wet leaves.  Dry leaves are fine as long as there is a solid base below them.    

I have no problem using this with a backpack on the back of the chair, pushing a rolling bag with a smaller bag on top of that in front of me through an airport.  It starts a little slower and takes a while to get the hang of it but once you do it works great—better than trying to drag a suitcase behind you

I mostly use mine on ramps and carpeted areas.   Or when my shoulders are sore or tired.   If mine broke and insurance wouldn’t replace it I would order a new one immediately.  

Insurance also paid for mine but we had great backup and good letters from the doctors and physical therapists.  

Tech support from max mobility is about the best I’ve ever dealt with.  They’ve sent me pieces and parts overnight to places I wouldn’t have imagined it to be possible.  They are amazing.  

Now, the downsides of the unit, which in no way are deal breakers for me.  They are more of less things you should be aware of.    All of my comments are for a unit used with a folding chair. 

1.   The wrist control unit can NOT get wet or it will no longer work.  Ask me how many tines I forgot to take it off before I took a shower or jumped in the pool....   it would be nice if they had something sealed a little better so you had an oh shit second to take it off and fling it somewhere dry

2.   On a folding chair it needs to be fitted properly for your chair.  The bars that go to the screws on the wheel (a press fit) will bend under enough pressure.  The company has changed materials so they’re a lot better but once they bend the unit may fall off going over bumps.   The company will replace them.   I bent two sets while I was learning to operate it.  Mostly when I was stopped and if I clapped or something it would start moving and startle me.  At the time my reaction time was slow so it would flip under the chair and bend.   I don’t do that anymore!   Now I turn it off at the wrist strap when I’m sitting still.  

3.  The attachment thumb wheel should really be checked daily or the unit will wobble.  I don’t think this is an issue for a rigid frame chair version but I’m not sure. 

4.  Likewise once it’s fit to the chair the tiny screws on the arms are tightened into small depressions with an Allen wrench.  Keep that Allen wrench with you. If they loosen it will slide along the bar and won’t stay attached to the chair.  I’ve only had it loosen on me once in two years but I was about three miles from the car and I not only had to manually wheel I had to do it carrying the smart drive in one hand.   I have the wrench which is small taped to my chairs wrench set now.  

5.  The Bluetooth connection can be a little weak if you pull you hand with the wrist strap in front of your chest.  It’s a learn to deal with it thing but startling at first when you think you’re going but you’re not.  

6.  The way the wrist control keeps track of manual pushes is not too good.  I don’t pay any attention to it anymore

7.  This is not good in snow and ice or we slippery conditions.  Likewise I think sand would be hard on the wheel

8.  It’s very bad going over a bump such as a curb at an oblique angle while under power.  I damaged a bar doing that several times.   I go over things like that manually, i. e. either backwards or I pop a wheelie. 


9.  I’ve found that the battery on the smart drive itself last longer than the push tracker/controller.  Plan on charging it if you have an opportunity during the day.  
 very practical points raised in comments here. hands down the best power assist attachment available in the west. easiest to detach and least intrusive
 