First time user of electric wheelchair, wheels don't seem to lock properly after first long drive. I'm quite worried. The wheelchair does not belong to me, I rented for 1 month so I can go sightseeing. I live in Brussels, Belgium as an exchange student, so for those who don't know, Brussels is known for its shitty cobblestone streets in the city center. Also, I have encountered some difficulties since not all street crossings are lowered enough for a wheelchair to make the transition smoothly. In other words, I had a first bumpy ride across the city just today.

When I got back home and I hopped out of it (I can walk, but not for long distances), I felt a little instability in the wheelchair, even though it was off and the wheels were supposed to be locked. I tried to rock it back and forth, and I saw the wheels moving slightly back and forth. I remember when I received it, I was surprised of how sturdy it was while the wheels are locked, but I might have given it a stronger shake today than yesterday.

My biggest worry is that something went loose. I usually go down bicycle lanes and I'm worried for my safety now. Also, I don't want them to keep my damage deposit. I did my best to ride it in the safest conditions.

Is it normal for the wheels to move slightly while locked? When it was brought to me, it was brand new so my hope is that it something normal after it's been used a bit. I think it depends on the model/'brand' of the chair and what setting the wheels are in. For my electric chair (a Quantum), if I have the wheel lock on, the wheels don't move, but if i have the wheels in 'drive' and I just turn it off, the wheels will go back and forth a tiny bit, making it 'rock' kinda.  Brussels is horrible. The public transport also is nothing to write home about..

Normally the wheel lock shouldn't do that. If it's rocking back and forth and it wasn't like this when you received it there might be something wrong with the brakes.

Without the prober equipment to read out the data from your wheelchair there's nothing to do for you. If it is just rocking a little, it should be fine. A complete failure shouldn't happen. Why would you rent something then keep posting on different subreddits bitching how it doesn't work to the internet? Like I give a fuck. Call the company you rented it from and tell them their shit sucks at least it might get u somewhere  Thanks! My wheelchair doesn't have a setting which literally says "lock" wheels, they just lock when I turn it off so maybe it's the same for me. Wow thanks a lot. I'm not bitching, I'm simply asking wether or not this is normal. I've been advised to ask on this subreddit too, since I had no idea it even existed. You're welcome to take your ignorance somewhere else, because I really don't give a fuck about your frustrations and I'm pretty sure no one else does. 