Push Rims do you use them and which do you prefer? I'm looking into Q-Grip, Surge LT, and Flex Rims but know that some prefer to push with gloves and tires to any sort of handrims. What do you reddit wheelie types prefer? :) Q-Grips are pretty grippy, probably used best when moving a little slower. If you're not using gloves, they'll be hard on your hands when braking. The Surge LT are great, and are what I prefer (not in a chair, but work at TiLite). We do a marathon relay in chairs as a company in the fall, and have used the Surge LT the last couple years. Flex rims are pretty similar to a standard aluminum rim, but are probably most useful if you need to pop in to a narrower space real quick. Titanium is also a great choice. If you get a satin (bead blasted) finish, you can just take some scotch brite pads and buff out any scratches. They'll last a long time.

edit: spelling Titanium all the way. They're the most expensive material, but the most durable. I've been using the same pair for 8 years (across 2 wheelchairs and 3 pairs of Spinergy wheels) and they're barely even scratched. I use the Natural fit LT pushrims - [these ones](http://www.out-front.com/naturalfit_overview.php) - and I really like them. I have really long but unruly fingers so they dont get caught anywhere.  I had the classic no grip round rims for two and a half decades, before getting the Surge LTs on my new Tilite a couple years ago.

I used gloves before, and I still use them now, for the same reasons, as well as new ones. They still provide helpful grip, and even more so against the grip strip, which is great; but they also provide valuable hand protection, which I've found even more necessary with these rims, because my hands will hurt pushing them barehanded.

The one downside is that, because of the strip, going downhill is harder because of that extra grip, so I find myself gripping the sides with my thumbs instead on the top to get around this. My wife finds the rounds ones work best.  My first chair had round aluminium grips, and they were OK, but when I changed chairs I got Surge-LT grips, which I find much, much better.

There's a solid rubber insert, where your thumb rests, and this provides a lot more grip, even in the wet, but the rubber tends to shed when a lot of friction is applied, such as when going downhill, so I get little bits of pilled rubber and the smell of burning rubber sometimes.

Also, the grips are sort of oval, which means my hands fit better. I was finding that my fingers were hitting the wheel spokes sometimes, but not with the Surge-LTs. There's more surface to grip, so there's more of hand in contact and that helps with pushing.

If you're just trundling along, you don't notice much difference, but as soon as it gets difficult, the Surge-LTs come into their own.

Mine are black, and dinged, and sometimes I have to file little spurs of metal off, but I wouldn't be without them now. If you have a moment I've a ridiculous number of questions for you! Are Q-Grips sort squishy (like neoprene) or are they very firm more like a coating? Grippy would be nice in inclement weather it seems, but then I've not actually gotten to experience them. Steep inclines, rain, and other Pacific Northwest weather, trails and such are tricky and tear up hands/gloves from my experience. Are the Surge LT rims good for conditions such as those? Would Q-Grips be better or worse? 

I loathe the slippery feel of aluminum rims and made the mistake of getting the anodized on last TiLite chair. Won't make that mistake twice. ;)  Those rims sound pretty terrific! Do you prefer gloves with the titanium rims? Are they good in all sorts of weather?  I loved those on my old chair! However, the weight added to dislocations in shoulders and really managed to ding up the coating which made it killer on hands. They were great for keeping fingers out of spokes though! :D  May I ask what the material is (and feels like) in the Surge LT? I've yet to see them in real life and you just cannot tell what it would perform and feel like online. 

Which gloves do you prefer? I've used weight training gloves, yoga gloves- with grippies, and even gardening gloves. The 1st has worked better than the latter for me, but non ideal. 

Overall do you love your Surge rims? :)  Round as in the chrome like ones that are pretty standard on medical style wheelchairs? Or are you being facetious? ;)  When we do the marathon it's usually late October, and have run into a slight drizzle/rain before, and the Surge's held up great. MUCH less slipping than any standard Aluminum or Ti handrim. Almost none I would say, even at a race pace. The Q-grips are a coating, although I have not used them extensively.  The rubber is almost tacky. They are the grippiest handrim I've seen. Again, it'll probably depend on how fast you're going. If you have to do any more braking than just light touches, I'd probably go with the Surge. For crawling around on trails, the Q-grip wouldn't be bad. I also prefer the profile of the Surge/Natural Fit handrims over just a round profile. If you or your dealer can get a hold of your local Permobil/TiLite rep, you could probably get hands on both pairs simultaneously to see which you like better. 

Also, PNW represent!  I was being a Reddit dick. ;-)

But my wife says she finds the flex fit ones really odd. So she uses standard aluminum anodized rims.  Nice! Is the marathon up near Seattle? That sounds like a pretty rockin' event to be part of! I hope to see both Surge LT and Q-Grips in person otherwise just going to have to research as much as possible, hold my breath, and pick one! We do comic con's often including Emerald City and afterward head out with friends and such, but sometimes the weather is fierce and it can make for a harrowing adventure. I have a pretty fantastic husband <3 that will stand behind me and hold my chair (don't use push handles anymore) if it is really dicey and slippy. He often wants to push but eh I'm stubborn. 
Loved my Natural Fit LT's until I banged them up so badly they cut the heck out of hands, still not ideal in rain or snow though. 

If you have a sec... Would a TiLite rep have a color swatch sheet? Probably getting hot pink (it was that or Acid Metallic Green) with kenda knobby tires but not 100% on the actual color as only viewed it on screen. TiLite website says to use Rustoleum spray paint for touch ups and if the neon pink is what they use as well that would be fab! Cannot find out for sure though, so again may just have to hope. 
Trying to not be stuch inside and hope to get out and about on trails  in the green of the PNW before winter comes! :D  Hehe well you were my first! Hmm, that just doesn't look right. lol. ;3

Thank you so much for your above response! ^_^

Oooh why does she find them odd? Also, does she do well in the rain with the anodized? I find them murder and scary if on any sort of incline with or without gloves? Last question and sorry to be a pain, does she wear gloves and if so which does she like?  The TiLite plant is in Pasco, the marathon is here in Tri-Cities. Runs along the river and spends a little time in each city. 

We powdercoat our frames, but the Rustoleum is probably close to our colors. The rep should have a swatch sheet. I'll do you a solid and see if I can find a couple frames on Monday that are painted those two colors and post a couple pictures, they're both pretty popular. The hot pink is HOT. Almost hurts your eyes to look at haha.  She's used to the rain but cold and rain isn't as easy. 

As for the flex ones, she's just not used to them. It's not the shape it's the webbed rubber between the push rim and the wheel. 

She doesn't use gloves. She's an incomplete para so she has good hand grip strength (ahem). ;-) If I had read more carefully I would have seen that you said that you guys do "...a marathon relay in chairs as a company..." *blush* sorry about that! That sounds like a very fun event even with a little rain! 

I asked and the lovely person that set up the appointment did not think the seating specialist had a color chart but I remain hopeful and undaunted. 

Thank you so much for offering to share pics of those colors!!! I really freaking appreciate that!!! My 1st TiLite (Aero x) was Azure blue Metallic, 2nd Pearl White, thinking of going off the rails and just going for the Neon Pink especially if it hurts to look at. ;) Need something with zest that in no way reminds me of surgery or the hospital chairs from little girlhood. Thank you for all of your advice and information! Yeah cold and rain can be tricksy. Some swear by the flex rims but I just cannot fathom how that flex would help in outdoor situations! Inside yeah the odd super skinny door it might help with, but not sure about other applications. 

Wow no gloves! That rocks! She sounds pretty kick ass! :D 

Lucky you ;) lol. I have poor hand strength but am ridiculously bendy but then this is not NSFW wheelchairs. <.< *doubts there is such a thing

Seriously though the webbed rubber sounds unpleasant, and she does sounds very kick ass! ^_^ 

 Couple days late, but here are the colors.

http://imgur.com/a/FPysi

Busy week! Hope you have a good weekend! Fantastic! Thank you so much for sharing the colors of the frames! For some reason I thought the neon pink had a warmer tone to it, but it is still quite vibrant. The green is nice and sparkly (my 1st tilite was ocean metallic blue and I liked the sparkle). Have had a fitting, gotten to see and try out a rigid frame, now just waiting to hear back on tire issue and estimate. 

Crazy week here as well! Have a good one, and thank you again!  