General Questions from a soon to be first time wheelchair user. Hey, I'm due to get my first manual wheelchair soon and as I've only used a walker up to this point in my life, I'd love to know what activities/sports are available for wheelchair users. 

Are there any online communities to join to learn more about the Wheelchair life/activities?  Any tips from experienced users about using a chair for the first time? Any need to know things? 

If it matters I'm 26 and have quadriplegic CP but I have a fairly strong upper body. Left hand lacks dexterity though. Definitely aim for something ultra lightweight. Brakes are not the same things as the wheel locks seen on most manual chairs. IIRC, power assist wheels tend to have braking systems. I don't know enough about power chairs but assume that they have some sort of system to prevent you from rolling backward on hills. 

I was told it is better to have the center of your spoke under your middle finger tip on chairs you self propel (versus transport style wheelchairs which have the large wheels aligned with the back of the wheelchair). That way you get more distance per stroke with less effort and less damage to your shoulders. Unsure how chairs set up for sports would differ in that regard. 

They seem to have a lot more caster/camber than a normal wheelchair and sometimes upgrades like frog legs to help with suspension. A mobility store may have some more feedback. I imagine if I were doing sports in my chair, I probably would want a seat belt with how easily I slide around in mine. A great place to start is your local rehab center, for me it was Craig hospital in Denver, they had every kind of chair imaginable to try and tons of activities they did just about every weekend. I'm a C6/7 quad and heck they took me in one of those 4 seater planes on month. Not sure is adaptive adventures is only Colorado but something like this might be what you're looking for https://adaptiveadventures.org

Also if you have and specific questions about the chair I can try to help, just depends how much you or your insurance company, or third party is willing to pay. i suggest going with the scissor-lock brakes that hide underneath, takes a little getting used to but you will never EVER hit your fingers when your in it
also i took off my arm rests that way i can lift from the top of my tires with my palms while using my fingers to change pants from the chair. its a neat trick

ohh and get paint protection if you care about that sort of thing. there are some good tips on paralyzed livings youtube channel with auto body clear wraps that i guess work good. your chair will show the use quick. i dont care too much about mine, adds character Thank you  Thanks, I'll definitely see what's in the area 