Top inconveniences for disabled folks? (startup idea) Hi Folks,
  We are a start up and found a technology called hotword detection (e.g. "Hi Lightbulb: turn Red"), that can accurately understand hotwords and human language. See the lightbulb demo video: https://lighting.kitt.ai/howto
  Most startups are building smart home products using this hotword detection technology; but we are more interested in solving the inconveniences/ pains. So we wanted to hear your thoughts: What are the top inconveniences in your life, please?
Thanks!
 I think you're missing some context here. Inconveniences of what sort? I'm going to guess you mean things that could be solved using voice activation, not things like "there's a huge bump in my doorway that kinda annoys me"?

Personally, my inconvenience is that I have impaired speech and can't use voice activation products despite them being awesome, but most people don't have that issue xD I was just interested in clarity. I already do this in my home, with the help of some Raspberry Pi, Amazon Echo, IFTTT, and various automation components (lights, thermostat, etc.). There is also a person who manipulates a power wheelchair using Amazon Echo. 

http://www.roboticstrends.com/article/hacked_amazon_echo_controls_a_wheelchair Voice activation would be helpful to me for things like the home alarm system and motion detector ("is someone currently in the house or not?"), turning lights on and off, turning the television on and off, etc. Basically anything electronic, and I would have to be able to turn things off from a completely different room. So the whole house would need to be wired this way. It would also need to be responsive even if I'm unable to speak loudly or am slurring. Is that the type of feedback you're looking for? I was a little confused as well. Light switches are a pain to get to sometimes. Raising and lowering window blinds is tricky.  Thanks! Yes you got what I mean. Thanks it's helpful, sorry for the confusion. It's a bit hard to realize what you envision, but it's our goal! Thanks, these are exactly the type of advice I'm expecting! Thanks it's helpful, sorry for the confusion. 
It's a bit hard to realize what you envision, but it's our goal! 