Wheelchair fashion advice I’m planning on getting a new chair with measurements for the chair happening soon. I am sick and tired of disgusting hospital chairs or bulky chairs and i luckily have a disability that allows me to be versatile on my chair design. I have a semi-lack of balance, small body due to scoliosis, very long arms  (i’m an inch away from touching the ground if i let my arms hang down but my current chair is very low to the ground) and i have small legs. I am most likely getting the quickie Argon chair.

My questions are:
A professional colour scheme that can fit any outfit?
How high can my footplate be without it looking like a high chair?
any other sizes that look better in this height range?
Any other thing i should get to have a more fashionable, easy to use chair such as horizontal brakes instead of vertical, only black tires or any tips/advice?

I know first impressions shouldn't be a thing but they are and i just want to look sophisticated which includes having a good-looking chair.

Edit: I should probably say that i am from the UK and the Argon is free and thats why im getting it. I will have to pay for more expensive chairs which i sadly cant afford as i am about to leave university. I can add my own money to improve the Argon though. [This fits the professional look that works with any outfit.](http://www.tilite.com/chairs_blackeditions.php) I sport a similar TiLite and I love it. It rolls exceptionally well. Most importantly, replacement parts are easily ordered and reliably available. I've been using my frame for six years, but have replaced almost everything as it has worn out.  Have a look at spinergy lx wheels. I have some and they look really good. I have a TiLite zra and it is really good. 

 I'm not sure what colour options there are with the Quickie Argon (I'm assuming you are going with quickie for the price point, instead of something like a TiLite, which has all sorts of colour options). But basic matte black will always be in style and will match anything (I had a black wheelchair in high school, and as annoyingly boxy as it was since it was a folding chair, I really liked the all-black look). A nice dark blue also tends to look professional, as does silver. 

I currently have a satin finished unpainted titanium chair, its like a silver/tan colour and it actually looks really nice and professional and matches anything (though I also have bright red spokes and accents because I'm in university and screw looking professional). 

As for how high the footplate should be, it should fit YOU. A well fitted chair will put more attention on you and not the chair, thus not making it look like a high chair.

Tilite probably has the best options as to looking professional and fashionable - plus they have s special footplate option that comes up quite high.

As for other things, I'd go with no frills - simple scissor breaks, black or grey tires, no tie downs or other accessories if you dont need them. Spinergy wheels are nice since they are light and do have spoke colour options, but they can be pricey.  I currently have an all black chair with white spokes and one thing I can say is that it gets sooooo hot in the summer! (Colorado) my next chair is grey or like titanium chair, I see many people with this color and think it looks fine. http://www.tilite.com/chairs_aerot.php This is what I'm talking about This video might help give you some pointers on form, fashion, and function https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xc1aDJgdzzk  I'm a little in love with the black chair!  