So, um, new user with nearly no institutional support. I need *all* the help. Hey all.  I suffer from neurological symptoms that make it really hard to stay upright - but I've found that I can use a wheelchair and the energy that I would have spent staying upright is now available for use being just me in a chair.

My medical support team is a bit of a mess, they don't communicate well with each other so I've learned most of what I need online.  I bought a Drive steel chair on amazon as a proof of concept at the beginning of the year, and then 8 months later (ie a few days ago) I got an ex-floor model quickie as a birthday present.  Its the first time I've had a custom chair with inflatable wheels. I *love* my new chair and can't wait to be able to be more independent with it.  At the moment I still need my partner with me to push if I get tired.  I have a workout routine that I'd love recommendations on, but please do remember that I get dizzy easily.

Because I don't has a severe enough spinal injury, I don't qualify for a lot of the local wheelchair education groups.  So, I'm looking elsewhere for education - I expect I'll live at least the foreseeable future in a chair (with the ability to use a cane for short periods when needed) - I need to learn to maintain my chair, tips on manoeuvring tight spots (standing wheelies and opening heavy doors are still tough for me), and anything else you think I need.

I live in Kent, UK, just in case there's a local resource that I'm missing.

Thanks in advance :) I can't comment on local support groups or organizations, but you might want to join the community over at [CareCure](http://sci.rutgers.edu/forum/forum.php). There are a LOT more active users there than here, and a wealth of history and knowledge to look at.

As some general things, in time, you'll probably want to look at getting a more personally customized chair, since this'll help prevent injuries and allow for greater freedom. As for doctors, I found this out some 25 years after my own injury, but in addition to having a PCP/GP, you might want to look into getting a physiatrist as well, since they're more well-versed with SCI. I feel bad you don't have any replies, but honestly, I think most of the learning comes from experience. I don't use a manual chair, I use a powered one, but it seems like the same idea applies: keep trying to do things even if you think you can't and think outside of the box for solutions. Wheelies and turning well seem to me like they need practice... But with the doors, what I do is use my foot-rest to push them open more once they're open a crack (dunno if this would work in a manual chair), rather than rely solely on my arm strength.

I would suggest finding new doctors who are willing to communicate with each other, if that's possible. (Not sure how the NHS works in detail.) Or start harassing them to fax each other the summary of your visits, at the very least - that's mainly what I do. I work in a wheelchair service in London, I would advise that you contact your local wheelchair service and ask when their next user group meeting is. The meetings are technically for service users only but if you explain your situation then I don't see why you shouldn't be able to attend at least once. 

Also, try contacting the disabled living foundation, they have info on a range of different schemes and may be able to point you in the right direction. 

Hope that helps 
 Thanks - that looks really useful!  I'll be seeing a psychiatrist at some point soon, just waiting on the appointment.  If you've got suggestions for how to best use my time with them I'd love to hear them. Thanks for the reply - the doctor issue is a tough one, ultimately your GP should be the focal point of support but my former GP moved to a different part of the country so I'm having to rebuild. She was a really good doctor, but not so good with the patient handover it seems (to be fair, she left to go on maternity leave and then never came back, so I'll blame baby brain for this one).  I'm a pretty complex case, with several symptoms that don't have a diagnosis, so wading through my file takes time.

I'll keep trying new things - and I hope to hear from more people; little tricks like using the footrest are really useful for giving me things to try when I'm out. Thanks! I didn't know there were user groups.  I did contact my local wheelchair service at one point, but I was asking about skills courses rather than groups, and they didn't offer the info.  

The DLF is totally new to me - they have an overwhelmingly large amount of info on their site - it will take me some time to sift through it.

Thanks again! I had no idea wheelchair services would offer that. I've been a chair user for 3.5 years now, and have received absolutely no instruction since then. I was actually even denied funding for a wheelchair until November last year... reason given was that I can walk very short distances (ie within my flat). The joys of falling between the gaps. Ah to be clear, a physiatrist, not a psychiatrist. The latter is for mental health, as you know, but the former is also known as a doctor of physical medicine/rehabilitation. If you look for one that's familiar with SCI patients, it'll make for a good companion to your regular doc, as they can speak more to specific SCI issues: bowel programs, urinary program, other SCI health matters (probably not an issue in your case, but the more immobile of us can be prone to pressure sores), etc etc.

If you find one of those, I'd probably just let them lead the conversation, and ask them to talk you through about what sort of things you should know or be aware of. They can probably also direct you to further resources in your area. Ha, I'm a "complex" case, too, but probably for very different reasons ;) Feel free to PM me, or ask here about anything else in particular you're having trouble doing. Like I said, I'm just not sure how well my experience with a power chair would translate to a manual chair. You're welcome!

It is sad but there seem to be lots of spinal cord injury specific (or  charities that don't accommodate for wheelchair users as a whole, I am unsure as to why this is but would guess that sudden accidents such as car crashes or falls from great heights capture people's attentions more than the more abstract disabilities, hence they receive more donations.   Ah, the complex case - sometimes it seems like anything but a spinal injury flummoxes most people.  I was told "oh, your physio should refer you for this sort of training" - but my physio is for vertigo, and all the training goes on in the spinal injury unit, so he doesn't know what to do with me.  My experience is that it just takes time to get to the right specialist, and that you have to be your own advocate.  Unfortunately, one of my biggest symptoms is brainfog, which makes that tough at times!

I think right now what I need is help improving my upper body strength (ie what workouts should I be doing) and how to maintain my chair - which as you mentioned isn't really going to be comparable to your experience in a power chair.  But I also think just talking to other chair users will be useful because I'm *sure* there are concerns that I just haven't even thought about - and it would be nice to at least have a plan. For example, on another forum, a user suggested always carrying baby wipes in case you accidentally run your wheels through something gross.  Without that advice, I wouldn't have thought of that until it was too late. 