I just got a power chair. What do I do when it rains or snows? I do have limited mobility and can walk short distances with a cane, so worst case scenario I can use that, but is there any way I can bring a power chair out in rain or snow? What do I do if it suddenly starts raining or snowing and I'm caught somewhere? I can't use a manual wheelchair due to joint issues with my hands and arms. 

EDIT: It's a Merits Feather Red All chairs are different and manufacturers recommend keeping them dry but I have a Permobil F5 that I commute in 5 days a week rain or shine. Never gone through a puddle more than 4-5 inches deep but blast through snow drifts and does fine during downpours. Make sure you know where your batteries, computer, and connections are located. Don’t submerge your motors or soak the joystick but should do ok. Would suck to get stuck so have a plan for worst case scenarios.  We are actively working on a solution to this. It should be ready in about 2 months.

https://www.reddit.com/r/wheelchairs/comments/7epjvo/wheelchair_and_rain_update/ The employees in the store I bought it from said it absolutely could not be taken out in the rain and I had to stay home on rainy days. It was like they didn't understand that some wheelchair users have to go to work too. 🙄  I'm glad to hear that you commute to work five days a week, because that's how I plan to use the chair too. Should I get covers for the battery, joystick, and computer to protect them?  Thanks, I'll keep an eye on this! ETA: Although I use a power chair and my concern isn't so much wet legs as it is frying the motor or something, maybe this will still be helpful. However, Permobil is the Cadillac of power chairs, with large drive wheels. 

Grab a tape measure and a flashlight. Roll on to something soft, get down there, follow the path of all electrical connections. The lowest connector determines the highest puddle you can go through. So if, say, the joystick plugs into the "brain box" (controller) at 2 inches from the floor, don't go through puddles deeper than 1.75 inches. Or if the motors connect to the brakes at 1.5 inches from the floor, keep your puddles to 1 inch. You can't always know how deep a puddle is, so be cautious. 

The plastic bags bread comes in work well over the joystick for now. 

I've gone through two capes from [Adaptations by Adrian](https://www.adaptationsbyadrian.com/product-p/302-315.htm) in 22 years, and they've kept me bone dry in thunderstorms (and they've been big enough to cover my joystick).

I don't see a "feather" model on the Merits site: their model numbers start with "P" and have names like "VISION" or "REGAL."  Mine is an old model that's been discontinued (I bought it used because I can't afford a newer chair, even with financing.) It's around the same size as [this one.](http://www.meritsusa.com/page/product_11.html)

I'm starting to wonder if I made a mistake because it's not too high off the ground. 😕 For commuting, bigger wheels are definitely better--they handle changes in grade more smoothly, they elevate the chair above the muck.

The first chair is *always* wrong, is always a learning experience. That's why it's smart to only get insurance involved after you have some experience and know more about what kind of chair you need.

Is there a public transportation system near your route? Riding a bus in a powerchair can be a lot easier than sitting in those unpadded seats and getting leaned on by strangers. If your chair truly isn't waterproof, that might make you eligible for paratransit (slower, more expensive, but no rolling through puddles). Hmm, could I replace the wheels on my chair to make it more waterproof? I'm not too handy but I have partners/caregivers who are. Also thanks for the reassuring words about the first chair always being wrong, I'm really glad I bought my first one used and will pay it off in a few months.

I ride the bus to and from work every day, but there is some distance between my bus stop and both destinations. That's what I'm mainly concerned about. The paratransit here is prohibitively expensive so I can't use it for daily commuting without screwing up my whole budget.  There's little room for changing wheel size: it's more like a car than a little red wagon:,). For example, the controller is programmed to make turns (by spinning one wheel faster) based on the stock wheel size.

I wish I had better news! No, you've been very helpful! I'll try to find a poncho and some covers for the joystick and battery for now, and I might email the owner to see if he has any other advice (I dealt with him when I bought the chair and he seemed way more knowledgeable and helpful than the dudes who worked with me today). Worst case scenario, I can trade this in for a better one after I pay it off. Thanks!  