Transit Tie Downs - Yay or Nay? I'm ordering a Tilite ZRA and the tie downs are considered an upgrade. They're $370. Paying for them isn't an issue but I'm wondering if they're worth it?

The bus drivers don't seem to have any standard for tie downs. I trialed a folding chair with tie downs and the driver was trying to tie me down AROUND the hooks.

I've only taken my trial ZRA on the bus twice and it's been mixed. First trip I was tied in great by both drivers. Second trip the driver only hooked me in with 2/4 straps! I had to ASK her to put the front right one in. 🙄

Some drivers don't tighten the straps so no matter where they're hooked on to the chair, you're sliding around.

Also the tie downs are ugly on the ZRA and seem redundant.

I take transit exclusively and most likely won't be getting a car anytime soon.

Tl;dr: should I get transit tie downs or not? Get the TRA instead? I'm in the UK and I don't have a Tilite, but I do use buses and trams for all my transport needs. I'd have to say that in the UK, straps would be a waste of time as there's nowhere to attach them to. And, yes, I go sliding all over the place, particularly on buses, mostly because the floor surface is terrible, particularly when wet. I usually end up wedging one arm between my chair and a pole and holding on to another pole with the other arm and hoping that there's not too much jolting on the journey.

From what I can see, tie downs are better for cars and vans where you're using the same vehicle all the time and can adjust all the straps properly. On buses you'll probably face the issue where attachment points are broken or missing.

A better question may be, which tires are best at stopping movement on buses? My smooth tires move around a lot on buses, but anything with more tread/grip may be more difficult to push around on the streets and the trade-off may not be worth it in the end. You don't really need tie-downs to transport a wheelchair safely but it does make it easier for the drivers to determine the correct tie down points.    We have done both with my son.   Thankfully he has never been in an accident so I can't tell you crash results but both ways worked for him.   

The one we used without tie downs was a YRA (children's model)  and the one he has now ZRA has tie down.   While I don't notice a significant difference I feel more secure knowing the straps are on the tie down points then the wheelchair is secured correctly, in other words, it is just a more dummy proof way of securing a chair.   

ETA:  If aesthetics are a concern then be aware being strapped in without tie down points means paint chipping off and abrasions on the main frame.   Happened with ds's YRA.   ZRA still happens but only on the tie down anchors and not the frame.   I have a ZRA with the satin titanium finish. I opted to not get the tie downs and only just started using the bus recently. So far my experience with using the local busses here in my large metropolitan US city has been pretty good. Sometimes the drivers don't know where to put the restraints, but I just tell them where and they follow my lead. I think I have to this more often since I always have a backpack on my chair for my tube feeds which obscures the back of my chair, so YMMV. I've never had an issue with them not securing me well and have even had drivers have me adjust where I'm at to make sure I'm more secure. I always make sure my brakes are locked once I'm secured and haven't had an issue with sliding around (I have schwalbe marathons on my chair, so not super grippy tires). 

From what I got out of my ATP when ordering my chair and by looking through the Tilite manuals the tie downs seem to be geared more for cars vs public transport. I'll never be sitting in my chair while in a vehicle other than on a bus or paratransport so between the cost and not liking the look I decided against them. 

I've had my chair since September of last year and no matter what you do even with the bare titanium your chair is eventually going to show wear. That's part of why I opted for the titanium vs paint. I've got some scratches on my frame, but you can get pads to brush out most of the superficial scratches and without paint they don't seem as noticeable anyway. My hand rims are black anodized and they look like hell, but all my anodized chair components (forks, camber tube, etc) look fine. 

If a driver isn't using all the straps to secure you speak up. It's not safe. If they give you flack about it report them to the transit authority. If you're not secured properly it's not just you that's at risk. 

As for TRA vs ZRA it's a preference between the mono tube vs dual tube design. I went with the ZRA partially because I like the mono tube look better and partially because it seemed easier to transport in a car. I can just sit my chair in the back seat like a person. Since that's not an issue for you it would really come down to the look you like best. 

I love my ZRA and have been super happy with it. It looks great and is well made. The adjustability is great for it being my first chair. Would definitely recommend. i say nay, the only chair i've ever had trouble tying/hooking ties downs with my customers is ki mobility's rogue rigid base. I'm in Canada and every bus in my city has the 4 point restraints. The drivers are required to lock you in.

I'm referring to the brackets that are attached the front and back of the frame:
https://permobilus.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/ZRA_Transit_Option.pdf

The front loops for the ZRA are supposed to go on the small bit of the frame that's attached to the caster fork. Well the drivers usually tie me down there anyway, so the tie down loop is redundant. Also some drivers can't bend down far enough to reach the back ones or are too lazy. Does he have the titanium frame? Or is it painted? I went with the ZRA - regular titanium with satin finish and black anodize package. I wanted colour but after seeing another chair with it all scratched I thought I'd use the $190 for other upgrades.

I wear a lot of bright clothes anyway so I really didn't need it on my chair.

I ended up not getting the tie downs for a few reasons. The DME manager said he usually only puts them on kids' chairs, the cost, and the fact I don't care if the frame gets scratched. Funny, that was the other chair I was going to get... So it sounds like having the tie downs isn't going to be a workable solution in all cases. You'll still have drivers who don't attach you properly, so you'll still often be in an unsafe situation. So it sounds more like an insurance risk rather than a utility question: do you think that the expense of the tie downs will pay off should you ever find yourself in the unfortunate situation of being in a bus crash, versus the chance that you'll never need the use of the tie downs for as long as you have the chair?

If you're willing to take on the bus companies and get the tie down process improved for you, and everyone else, then I'd get the tie downs, otherwise I wouldn't bother. Both, the YRA wasn't painted but the surface of the frame was still severely damaged by the straps.  His ZRA is painted and the paint didn't last as long as the titanium finish but still is flaking off.    Unfortunately, if you travel frequently your frame is going to show it one way or the other, as far as I am aware there is no way to avoid this.    

Just remember, we are talking aesthetics structurally the frames are sound even with frequent travel.   His YRA even survived an EF4 tornado and worked just as good afterward.   The tornado destroyed everything even his all metal stander bent but not his titanium YRA good as new just had a little more character to show for it on the surface.   Our chairs match! The black anodized had held up really well on mine, except on my natural fit rims. You've  made a valid point!

The real problem is that some drivers don't tighten the q-straint... like at all. In that case, it won't matter if it's hooked onto a bracket or the frame itself. It's not safe either way!

Other drivers tighten them so well you KNOW you're not going anywhere.

I'm leaning towards not getting them. I'm doing one more experiment tomorrow before I decide. I looked back through my pictures to see if I could find a good picture of the titanium frame.   Here is the only decent photo I could find of what I am talking about.   Unfortunately, the photo is not very clear.  The damage was much worse in real life.   We no longer have the wheelchair so I can't take a better picture.

[YRA](http://s15.photobucket.com/user/mekat1/media/DSC00260%201.jpg.html) Yeah they looked ok on the trial chair. I wanted the sapphire but ultimately put my money elsewhere. (Brakes, solid tire, casters) We also did a taper and I upgraded the footplate to the one with the ABS cover.

I forgot to mention the manager said if I go with black and something breaks, he'll likely have the part in black. Anything colour would have to be ordered.

What do you think of the Natural Fit rims? The DME manager talked me out of them... I can change it out later so I'll deal with the standard ones until they look like crap or I have too much pain. Good luck with the trial.

Personally, I'd welcome a system where I could immobilise my chair on buses as I find it quite frightening to start sliding around on corners and hills. On my regular trip home, I know when to hang on and when to relax, and I mostly cling on without thinking any more, but it would be nice to know I'm not going anywhere when on the bus.

As a follow up question, how are the drivers when it comes to untying you at the end of the journey? Are they nice, impatient, forgetful, or just plain rude? Wooowweee I can't believe it survived a tornado! Tilite should put that in their advertising.

I ended up not getting the tie downs for a few reasons. The DME manager said he usually only puts them on kids' chairs, the cost, and the fact that I don't care too much if the frame gets scratched. On my trial ZRA, the part of the frame where the hooks are attached wasn't even scratched compared to the rest of the frame.

I upgraded to the uni locks too and hoping I can find some good handrims. I hate the standard aluminum push rims. I really love the natural fit rims. I have Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome and have a lot of issues with my hands so they help keep my hand aligned better since I can't wear my finger/wrist splint while wheeling. I went with the basic ones and they're grippy enough with gloves that I would think the extra grippy ones would be too grippy for me. 

I did a taper on my chair, black anodized and satin titanium, but went with the flip up foot plate. So we're almost chair twins. I put all my money in wheels/tires/casters. I just have the regular push to lock brakes and haven't had any issues with them, but I have small hands. Yeah, that's no fun! I'll never let a driver tie me down without all the straps again.

Untying is easier because the driver isn't looking for spots to hook on.

Most bus drivers are friendly and say some variation of "there ya go" or have fun, have a nice day etc. My husband and I have struck up some good conversations with a few drivers.

Sometimes the driver is NOT having a good day or they're like a year from retirement and have been doing this way too long. xD

We received a couple weird comments while returning chairs we'd rented. I explained where we were going to the one driver and he seemed to be more understanding after that. My husband returned the 2nd one alone because I didn't want to deal with stupid comments. Apparently he loaded the bus with the empty wheelchair and the driver said, "Did you forget something?!" My husband was just like nope and sat down. Lol

I've only taken this ZRA on the bus a few times. We'll see how the next couple trips go... Handrims. I'm now using the SURGE LT rims and they are so much better for me than the standard metal rims. It's both the fact that the rims are oval, giving a greater contact area with my hands, and the added rubber strip around the outside for extra grip, even in the wet.

I'm so impressed with the SURGE LTs that I'm upgrading my spare wheels this week from circular metal rims to SURGE LTs. > I'll never let a driver tie me down without all the straps again.

Some people pay good money for that experience!

I get the same mixed responses from drivers and conductors in the UK. And I've had the exact same comment, "Did you forget something", as I wheeled my chair onto a tram. "No", I reply as I sit down. Now that I'm more skilled, I can pop a wheelie to get on the tram, but they never give me long enough to get in position before heading off. I hold on for dear life until the tram is up to speed and I can get into position and lock the brakes.

I also frequently get this comment, "Do you have a driving licence for that thing?" Yes, of course, every manual wheelchair needs a licence these days. It's a better answer than, "Sod off you unoriginal twatting bore." I can see how you need good grip - lots of rain there! I'm going to love trekking through all the snow and ice this winter. 🙄 That's crazy! My husband and I died laughing at "Sod off you unoriginal twatting bore." I'm waiting for the day someone asks me a stupid question and I can say that. :p

I had more issues with the drivers not tying me down properly on the last day I trialed the ZRA. One driver said "3 is ok" after my husband told him to lock me down on all four. No, 3 is NOT ok!!! Ugh.

I ended up not getting the tie downs. The manager of the DME store said he only puts them on kids' chairs. I didn't feel like wasting $370 and putting extra weight on my chair.

I assume you're not paralyzed if you're getting out of your chair? I've freaked some people out getting out of mine. I've more or less stopped caring... I've even walked the wheelchair halfway to the bus stop and got in when I tuckered myself out. :p I consider myself lucky to be able to walk if there is an insurmountable obstacle/stairs/etc. Not everyone is so fortunate... I've got progressive nerve damage in both feet, so I can walk, just not very far before the pain becomes too great. So I use a chair when I leave the house, and travel on buses and trams to get where I want/need to go. 

I find getting out of the chair, then lifting and pushing it onto buses is much more efficient as the design of the inside of buses is a nightmare to get around in whilst in the chair. Also, many buses don't stop at the right spot where they can deploy their ramp, even though they see me at the stop in a chair. It's so much easier to push the chair into position on the bus, sometimes folding the chair to get through the gaps, and then collapsing into the chair for the journey.

I prefer travelling by tram now as there's a much bigger space and I can get on and off without leaving the chair. There are times on buses when I've been wedged in by 2 buggies and 6 or 7 people in the aisle and it's been easier to let the bus go to the end of the route and then get off on the way back. This doesn't happen on a tram, but there are times when I have to shout to get people to move out the way.

With all the experiences I've had on public transport, I've got to the point where I don't give a fuck about anyone else. They don't know me. They don't have the trouble I have using public transport, and THIS IS MY STOP. I PRESSED THE BELL (and heard it ring). STOP THE FUCKING BUS YOU DAFT SOD!!! (This happened on Saturday)

I hope you enjoy the new chair, you Summer Child. I have severe chronic pain....Tourette Syndrome and Endometriosis. I have pain head to toe and after 14 years with no pain meds and no mobility aids, I realized I don't need to suffer for the sake of appearances.

Even though I can walk, I'm a fall risk... I feel so much safer in the wheelchair! (And can last way longer and don't come home crying from the pain)

My husband was the one who started the whole thing. Middle of January I woke up and literally couldn't walk because of the pain. We had to go to the mall for wedding stuff and I didn't even try to convince him I could walk. We borrowed a wheelchair and I couldn't believe how amazing it felt! I was able to focus on shopping and left with LESS pain. We rented a wheelchair for a month so we could finish wedding planning (I also had bronchitis for weeks and could barely breathe). It was really helpful. We came to the conclusion I need/want a chair for the long term.

I turned 30 on Saturday and just got approved for disability!

I'm planning on upgrading my hand rims at some point... It's something I can change later so we're saving up.

I can't wait until I get my Tilite! I hope it's not longer than 8 weeks. I'm trying to stay busy in the meantime. Waiting sucks and they took back my trial chair. 😔

I usually get on the bus in my chair via the ramp but some days I don't feel like bothering with the tie downs... but I do it anyway and then people ask if I'm paralyzed or if I was in an accident. 😐 I took months to come over to the idea of using a chair. I tried everything I could think of the have a life worth living whilst enduring the pain in my feet caused by walking. Now that I have the chair I feel like such a fool for waiting so long. My mobility is so much better with the chair, despite the issues with public transport. I can now travel to a shop/store AND travel around inside the store whereas before I could only travel to and from the store without going inside.

Regarding rims. I found the standard rims became almost useless when wet, so beware in the winter weather. Also, I carry a small towel in my backpack so I can rub down the rims when I get inside a building. Yeah it was raining the day I got the trial ZRA and the rims were useless. :/

The towel is a great idea! I carry wet wipes for my hands or hand sanitizer.

I wish I had done the wheelchair thing sooner too... never thought I could and doctors won't suggest it. I had so many preconceived notions that weren't true - it'd be uncomfortable and cause more pain, make me lazier, I'd lose mobility etc

Actually I wanted to get out MORE, it gave me MORE mobility cause I wasn't wrecked the next day, and pushing didnt create that much more pain... my husband or bff push me too.

The lack of accessibility was a shock. When you're walking you see all these wheelchair buttons on doors etc and assume things are accessible. When you're in the wheelchair you see differently. Curbs and sidewalks are horrible. What looks and feels flat when you're walking feels like a roller coaster in the wheelchair. Automatic doors that don't work, or the first one has an automatic door and not the second. Even the buttons aren't in a spot where they can be reached! I learned how to open doors without assistance. "Accessible" bathrooms where you can barely fit through the door. Shoving all kinds of stuff aside in stores because there's no room to push. Being below everyone else's height and therefore invisible. Dealing with comments and questions. Not being able to reach or see things. Uneven flooring where you feel every bump. Three big bumps/curbs to get inside the hospital. (???) Not having much space for shopping bags.

I get it, the world is designed by people who've never sat in a chair. I was ignorant too.... But all the annoyances are worth it to leave the house! Plus you get to go really fast. 😂

My mom has a condition with her feet that makes her not be able to walk. I've seen firsthand the devastation it causes to your life/mobility. I use a walker on better days, but when it's your feet a wheelchair really is the best option. It seems that everyone who needs a chair suddenly encounters this parallel world where everything is ten times harder than it needs to be. But then, when you realise just how much freedom a chair brings, you wonder why you waited.

My GP was the same as your doctors, absolutely NO regarding a wheelchair referral, and yet I was becoming totally housebound again. Now I try and get out every day, go for "jogs" in the local mall to build up stamina (and occasionally run over a stupid pedestrian) and I'm constantly looking for places to go.

I'm still learning how to get things done:- finding stores with accessible changing rooms instead of 2 foot square cubicles, finding accessible toilets with doors you can open, finding accessible cinemas, finding out which stores I can't get into and then finding alternatives, finding which clothing works, which accessories work, and just putting together a new life. It's a lot easier in many ways than I thought, but I could do with a good long rant on at least a weekly basis.

I'm so glad that you're finding the positives this early in your chair life. I'm finding that things get better and better. (There's an IKEA store opening near me soon, and I'm so looking forward to trundling around in there for the whole day, whereas last year it would have been completely out of bounds. Yay meatballs!) 