I ordered a brand new TiLite. Advice on selling it. I ordered a custom TiLite manual chair. I spared no expense: natural fit wheels, swing back armrests, swing back footrest, side guards to protect my clothing. The seat is 18by18. The chair is too big for me. The company isn't allowing me to exchange or return it. I have to order and wait for a new one. I cannot afford to lose money and am NOT interested in profit. I'm having extreme anxiety about this. Any suggestions on selling it? It's purple :) as captain said, it'll be a tough sale. you can list here as well
[Disability Trading Zone] (https://www.facebook.com/groups/682146381860889/) Was it an error in measurement on the ATP's part? And you've already talked to the sales rep? No good news for you here. You'll be lucky to sell it for a fraction of what it cost you. All of their chairs are custom welded to order and it's somewhat unlikely that someone else that needs the size will be looking at the time you're selling it. I had a brand new tilite that I was stuck with for years trying to sell it before I gave up and let it go for $1000. You might even make more parting everything off, and scrapping the frame.  You might have better luck trying local medical supply stores or wheelchair repair shops in your area to see if they have any clients looking. You could also reach out to local wheelchair sports teams to see if they have any players in need of a new day chair.  That's really unfortunate! There may be custom cushioning that would get you the comfort you need by filling up the space with added foam (check out Otto bock), but it's pretty expensive and propelling would still be an issue. You could maybe wait the minimum amount of time to apply for a 'change in physiological status' with insurance to get a smaller chair or something.. maybe.. but that's not exactly honest unless you've genuinely lost weight.
As someone who works in mobility sales, I can safely say that rules may be bent occasionally.. pull the media card if you're feeling bold, companies get scared if you say you're going to the media. Wheelchairs are expensive! and sure, its a thorn in their side to take it back and whatever, but you've paid a lot of money for it and it's your right to have something that works! I approved the order thus it is out of the guys power. This is very up setting.  You might see if the guys on Care Cure (http://sci.rutgers.edu/forum/forum.php) have any ideas. Some of them are pretty familiar with TiLite product. If no luck on adjusting, or selling on eBay, I'd look into just getting a new frame. Most of the parts could transfer over to a new frame, saving you some dough over buying a whole new chair. 