Taking wheelchairs offroad on easy hiking trails? Often needing a wheelchair to go more than short distances, I got a lightweight folding chair recently. I haven't taken it outside of the city yet, though. I'm worried that I might somehow damage a wheel or that it would be very hard to clean. I'm frankly a bit worried about never being able to get animal scat out of the treads as well (a worry about the 'all-terrain' kind)

Anyone have advice about going on paved hiking trails, somewhat rickety boardwalks, or easy hiking dirt/grass trails? Am I needlessly worried about it, or could that damage a lightweight chair? 

Also, are ['all-terrain' wheelchairs](http://www.invacare.ca/cgi-bin/imhqprd/inv_catalog/prod_cat_detail.jsp?s=0&prodID=CRFAT&catOID=-536885222) actually worth it? They're twice as much as a good normal chair! 

Any experiences or tips that y'all could share would be greatly appreciated, thank you. I have a tilite ZRA I bought used and I've taken it hiking. I have yet to worry about rolling in shit-- but I've rolled into some nasty sticky horrible things in grocery stores and farmers markets!!

But seriously, don't stress too much. I think chairs are meant to take a beating like this. They're not meant to be thrown around a runway for air travel, but rough terrain with a user is why they've gotten so sturdy and light. 

I do have some beefy hiking wheels that I haven't been able to take out yet, but I think they'll be worth it. Right now I've got light tread street tires (like they'd sell for a street bicycle) and they've done pretty well on trails. 

After a hike, I usually wipe my chair down with a rag and some Goo Gone (or just alcohol), and if I'm not lazy, I take off the casters and clean them up good, too, to protect the bearings.

Some wide casters might be a worthwhile investment. I have pretty skinny casters, and a friend gave me some great wide ones-- I can't use them with my current forks because the fit is ever so slightly off (it squeaks SO bad), but they made rough terrain so much nicer that I know I'll love taking them hiking once I get that fit problem squared away. 

If I could afford some of those cool all terrain or outdoor chairs, I'd probably get one, but I can't. Although I'd probably just buy a Freewheel and skip the spare chair, unless I lived someplace with lots of extra room to store it.  I keep a second set of wheels handy with some wicked-knobby mountain bike tires for snow and off-roading. It's more practical and economical than a dedicated all-terrain chair. 

I also have a third set of wheels for work. If you think you pick up nasty shit outside, you should see the interesting articles that get stuck to my wheels working in a cadaver lab.  I used to have a forestry job building trails and we made plenty of ADA spec trails. One of the people we were contracting with told us about a guy who went on the non-ADA trails too and would bring a rope with his chair, so that if something was just too much, he'd hop out and crawl up, down, around, or whatever and pull his chair to him until things were manageable again. That's one way of getting it done.  Thank you for all the info! That's a bit of a relief that I'm probably being paranoid. It was just a pretty big investment, so I don't want to wreck it! But I (unfortunately) have a family member who has chronic issues and is in the market for a permanent wheelchair, so I could sell her my lightweight one and buy an outdoor one if it would work better.

I had never even heard of the freewheel- it seems really nifty. I think I'll try getting some of those accessories for my current one. I'm pretty new to wheelchairs- I didn't actually know you could change the type of wheel until this morning (though it's so obvious in hingsight!)

Thanks for the tips, I'm going to try getting different wheels for outdoor use, and wider castors. Do you have any ideas/suggestions of places (online or off) to buy heavier tread tires or wider castors? The place I bought my chair from had so few options for anything, I had no idea there were so many ways to customize them! I didn't even know you could switch out different types of tires until I saw your comment! It's pretty obvious in retrospect, but I'm pretty new to this stuff. That's incredibly helpful to know, thank you XD I'll definitely try getting better tread tires and some wider castors. 

Do you have any ideas/suggestions of places (online or off) to buy more specialized gear like this? I've only seen very basic accessories at the place I got my chair from.

Your work story is equal parts horrifying and awesome, btw. That doesn't seem like the easiest job so far as cleaning goes!  Try sportaid.Com 
They sell all sorts of stuff. 

 http://www.sportaid.com/24-x-1.95-50-507-off-road-rear-wheels.html



Also, I have an extra set of 26" wheels with knobby tires, if you happen to run 26s on your chair. I'd let the pair go for $50. 
 Thank you, that looks excellent! Thank you, but I have 24"s. I really appreciate the link too, thank you so much! 