ENTER YOUR STORY TO WIN WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE VAN... 




MOBILITY WORKS FRESNO JOINS NMEDA IN
THIRD ANNUAL NATIONAL MOBILITY AWARENESS MONTH CAMPAIGN

FRESNO, CA (March 26, 2014) – (Mobility Works offers a wide selection of quality new and used handicap vans and scooter lifts designed to accommodate your individual needs and also provides wheelchair accessible van rentals. We now join the National Mobility Equipment Dealers Association (NMEDA) to kick off the third annual, National Mobility Awareness Month. Celebrating throughout the United States and Canada, the awareness month was created to educate seniors, veterans, caregivers and people with disabilities about the many wheelchair accessible vehicles and adaptive mobility equipment options available for living an active and mobile lifestyle.

“We’re delighted to continue this important movement after a successful two years,” said Dave Hubbard, executive director and CEO of NMEDA. “We welcomed more than 1,225 story entries, had 2.3 million votes cast, created 1.2 billion impressions and delivered wheelchair accessible vans to three amazing Local Heroes. We remain humbled by the response and look forward to creating life changing experiences in the lives of this year’s winners.” 

“People with disabilities have now emerged as the number one minority group,” said (Jerry Johnson, Sales Manager). “Transportation is the key to freedom from many, whether on a social level or for an individual’s professional path. And through programs like National Mobility Awareness Month, we join more than 600 NMEDA members to assist people with disabilities in gaining their independence. It’s very fulfilling to develop lifelong relationships with our customers.”

In celebration of the awareness month, NMEDA has created an online contest that will award three lucky winners with wheelchair accessible vehicles tailored to meet their specific needs. Sponsors, Chrysler and Toyota, have rallied together to provide the vehicles, which will later be customized by NMEDA manufacturers – the Braun Corporation and Vantage Mobility International (VMI).

Those eligible to win the wheelchair accessible vehicles are distinguished as Local Heroes, who are encouraged to submit either written or videotaped stories of how they are triumphing over their mobility issues through their academic and career ambitions, as well as their family and local community contributions. Caregivers, friends and family members are also welcome to submit entries. Stories will be accepted at MobilityAwarenessMonth.com starting February 25, 2014. Voting begins on March 11, 2014 and closes on May 9, 2014. Winners are scheduled to be announced the last week of May.









- more -


Page Two – Mobility Works of Fresno Supports National Mobility Awareness Month

About National Mobility Awareness Month
National Mobility Awareness Month is the annual May celebration that encourages people with disabilities to enjoy active, mobile lifestyles. Founded in 1989 as a non-profit trade association, the National Mobility Equipment Dealers Association (NMEDA) supports the awareness month with the assistance of more than 600 mobility equipment dealers, manufacturers and driver rehabilitation specialists located in the United States and Canada dedicated to expanding opportunities for people with disabilities. For updates, please visit MobilityAwarenessMonth.com, as well as Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest.

Mobility Works – Fresno
Elvira Grinko
559-268-9394
Elvira.grinko@mobilityworks.com

###
 