Removing bearings from casters - cylinder connecting both bearings The casters of a Panthera X chair have two bearings each and normally you would remove them by using a screwdriver or similar and punching them out from the opposite side, through the other bearing.

But those casters have a axle/cylinder going through the inside of both bearings, thus I cannot get anything to the inside. 

i could also not remove this axle/cylinder as it is fixed to both the bearings and does not move a bit. the only way i could think of to remove the bearings is by pushing one in even further so that the other one gets pushed out, but even if this works I would now have one of the bearings stuck way further in.

are there any special tools to remove the bearings when they have this axle/cylinder connecting them on the inside? I’d happily buy them to avoid having to bring the chair to a technician everytime one of the bearings dies... Have you tried asking a bike or skate shop? Easier to drop into than scheduling an appointment with a technician and they might have some insight. A skate shop in particular might be able to suggest a tool. Skateboard bearings and wheelchair caster bearings are the same (something wheelchair maintenance companies generally fail to mention) It sounds like a poor design that gives the spacer no wiggle room. I recommend hardware store anchor bolt department. Find an expanding bolt that fits down the spacer. Get a grip on it and pound the bearing out. Careful with the wedge because you might expand the spacer and it may not fit back into that tight bore. well, turns out those bearings are not to be removed. asked in the shop and they said they have not way of removing the bearings without damaging the wheel so the idea is not to replace a broken bearing, but replace the whole caster.

thanks anyways! The problem that bike shops usually don't want to fix wheelchairs because of the liability. I tried to change a spoke in the wheel and they said that they won't assist me since this is wheelchair wheel and they "have no idea how to balance it". I'd go to try another bike shop. 