First time wheelchair user having a few problems Hi. I've recently become somewhat wheelchair bound. Due too two sucky illnesses. I got my wheelchair a few days ago. I have a few problems. 1 is getting up freaking curbs. I can't seem to do a wheelie in my chair to get up them. No matter how far I lean back it just won't tip. I've been practicing pretty much 24/7. 2 is arm strength because I've been pretty bed ridden and haven't really used my arms in a long while. What's the best way to build up arm strength while I'm
Not using my wheelchair. Because hills feel like freaking mountains at this point. I think my technique is ok. I'm using my arms in a circular motion and grabbing the rim as far back as possible and then going in a circular motion with my hands. Any tips would be greatly appreciated 

Ketts.  Hey there. First off, if you don't have enough arm strength to do a wheelie, than it may not be the best idea to be trying to go up curbs just yet. It takes A LOT of arm strength to go up curbs - even small ones. If you have any use of your legs, perhaps try going up curbs backwards and using your feet to help you. However, if you can't do wheelies no matter how hard you lean back/push, your wheelchair's center of gravity may be too far back. I know when I got my most recent chair, the center of gravity was so far back that not even I, a person with years of experience, couldn't pop a wheelie, so I had the wheels brought forward. What sort of chair do you have? Sometimes the center of gravity is adjustable, other times it isn't. 

second - When you are not in your chair, the best thing to do is rest. Depending on your lifestyle, if there are days when you don't leave the house, maybe make a point to go on short trips around the neighborhood or buy some small weights if you are just stuck around the house. Remember, your arms are now your life, take care of them

If you need any more help, we are a small, yet great community.

Also, check out this video series, yeah, it's a bit corny, but the explanations she gives are great. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXs20VzEYKQ wheel back fast then push forward hard = wheelie.... this may get you going over backwards though. Have a look at your chair and see if you can move the wheels forward under the chair more, this will make it easier to get up. You really need to have the wheelie under control, such as being able to spend your whole time on your back wheels under control before curbs as that requires quick timing on the popping up of the wheels.... to early and you wont make it and to fast and you are going out over ya feet. I love the chair and the skills you can get but you will fall out. Ketts-
I am ~3 years from my injury, strength SUCKS for the first 6 months. just get out there and keep pushing around in your chair, use time out of the chair to relax. just get in and push- your arms will build. Also, DON'T grab too far back, it will hurt after a short while and really mess with your shoulders in the long run. As for the curbs, you may need to talk to the wheelchair people and have them move the chair's CG back a little- being a new user they may error on the side of caution and make you a titch front heavy so you won't fall backwards. Put on some anti-tippers and practice balancing on your main wheels. Good luck man, it's a tough road but it WILL get better! Drop a note if you need any other advice you might find useful Adjust your center of gravity toward the back of the chair by moving the axle forward on the frame. If this is adjustable for you, it will make it easier to do a wheelie. Also easier to fall backward. 
 Everyone's comments are fantastic. 

It's definitely going to take time to build up muscle, and don't Rush it because that's how you get hurt. The shoulder is a very shallow delicate joint and now they're going to be doing double duty for you. 

I'm a part time wheeler and I got my chair after a few years of nearly bed bound illness. Prepare to wake up stiff and sore after a few big outings!

One thing I did that I think helped was get those grip strength builders. I kept one in my car and one at home, and I'd squeeze them in traffic or watching tv. Once I got up to speed with that, I stopped, though, to avoid carpal tunnel. Now i just use them for stress management. ;)

I found some fun accessible places to go with my new chair to build up strength. A national park near me has accessible trails, and it was good for my soul to get outside into nature again after years without fun. If there's something you missed doing before your chair, try that for a strength builder :)

Oh, and it's been a few years for me and I still can't get over a curb more than 2". A have a friend whos a complete para and used a chair got over 20 years and he never does curbs. Play with wheelies and don't rush the risky stuff just yet ;) I don't know if cripcollege is still around but that guy had videos on every possible way to get up, down, and otherwise of any kind of barrier you'll commonly encounter.  This response is spot on. Over my years of selling chairs I can tell who is more adventurous with their chairs and who plays it safe just by where they want me to set their center of gravity. 


I second the point that the chair you have will make a big impact on being able to wheelie.


Third, yes the videos in this series are cheesy but they are very good. I have shown them to many clients. Usually as I am doing the fine tuning at delivery. They help.  