i am working to improve a bus design for people in wheelchairs. do you have any thoughts that we should consider? thanks! we have been consulting municipalities, drivers and most importantly, riders. your feedback would be helpful.  Thank you for looking into this and speaking to the people that will actually use it. it's infuriating when people design things for wheelchair users without actually asking anybody that uses one to contribute :)

I have a few "pet peeves" with current designs. The biggest being that the wheelchair space is *never* long enough for my chair.

I can no longer use the bus at all as I use a powered wheelchair and although I'm tiny, my chair is not!! I *have* to have "leg raising" footplates, meaning they stick out in front of my already rather long wheelchair. 

If I don't keep my legs raised then the blood pools in my feet (I have a shitty heart) and I end up unconscious because there isn't enough blood being pumped to my brain.

It's embarrassing to pass out on a bus full of people and it also means the bus has to stop to get me some help which inconveniences everyone else.

Having a longer wheelchair space would not only benefit people like me that have to have their legs stuck out straight in front of them, it would also reduce the conflict between mother's that have a child in a buggy (stroller?) and those that use smaller wheelchairs. 

Most drivers don't like to tell the mother's that they have to collapse their buggy and put their child on their lap to make way for a wheelchair, even though it's the law (at least it is in the UK). Having a longer space would solve a lot of problems.

Also, I despise the fact that all of the buses here force wheelchair users to travel "backwards". It's really awkward staring back into a bus full of people that are facing forward, it makes it damn near impossible to judge where you are on the route as it changes your perspective and it makes me want to vomit if I need to travel for more than a few minutes!

I also agree with /u/Erunaa that the ramps are poorly designed. It's not so bad now that I have to use a powered wheelchair but in a manual chair it was impossible to get up the ramps and over the lip without asking for assistance. An issue in London, UK is that there's a lip at the top of the ramps, that and how steep the ramp itself is - I can't get myself up into the bus and so have to ask passengers for assistance which is embarrassing. The buses I've been on use a strap system. They take forever for the drivers to work with. The drivers also often suck at using them, and I have to hang on to something nearby for dear life at any bit of bus acceleration. For this reason I've asked drivers to skip the straps so I can just wedge myself in a tight spot and hold on.  None have obliged, which is understandable with the liabilities and all.

A better restraining system would be fast. I second-guess using the buses because I know I will delay everyone on board. Something that doesn't require the driver's assistance, at least in some cases, would be great. The option to travel sideways might be preferred for users of really light chairs, as they tend to rotate backwards when aligned with the buses's direction of acceleration. thanks for the feedback. space is important (and limited), both when loaded and maneuvering on the floor. do you know what the length of your chair is, including the raised footplates?  Thank you. We are working on a longer ramp with flatter slope. Had never considered the lip. Great feedback! Is that a four strap system? We hear strap complaints regularly. Because of safety and liability it's tough to get away from them. We are proposing using unique rear wheel locks and just two straps on the front of the chair. The wheel locks are technically strong enough and could be operated by some riders. The straps will still require driver assistance . Fewer straps should mean quicker loading / unloading and less opportunity for poorly trained drivers to ruin rides. Thanks for your thoughts!  