Working on some power chair technology, need your input! I am looking to do research and develop technology to help improve power chair mobility. I figured this would be a good place to get some input. All answers are greatly appreciated!

My questions are:

What are some common problems that power chair users experience?

Do power chairs get stuck often?

Have you or someone you know ever been injured from using a power chair? My chair has been relatively trouble-free.The only serious problem I ever had was when the joystick mechanism got wet. The water caused a short circuit that the chair interpreted as me pulling the joystick back. The chair went backwards in circles until I could get someone to power it down. I wasn't hurt but it was very disconcerting, and had I been near stairwell or some other obstacle it could've been very dangerous. I am lucky enough to have a converted van, but a common problem is related more to battery tech than the chair itself - getting your chair from place to place! A lot of people in a support group I'm on are limited by the fact that the current options available for power chairs are bulky and heavy, requiring expensive cars to transport or multiple able-bodied people to take them apart and put them in a smaller vehicle. Advancing the state of current power-assist type wheelchairs and/or developing a lightweight 'hybrid' manual/power chair would be helpful. 

Tying into the above would be increasing motor efficiency and battery technology, though I'm sure it would increase the cost. For all I know, it could be out there already and I just don't know because of the price range I look in. I would love to go on some of the packed dirt trails on the coast but I'm terrified of being stranded in my 200+ lb chair because I misjudged how far the battery would go. It would help if the display that says how much battery is left were more accurate. I've asked and there's no way to add another battery to my chair, and it would make it even heavier in any case.

It might be helpful to have an option on a power chair for low speed but high torque/power. Mine kinda craps out when you decrease the speed but sometimes it would be nice to be able to maneuver slowly/precisely but effectively up steep ramps and such. 

I occasionally get stuck going up rounded curbs (curb cuts are not as ubiquitous as they should be) but can usually shift my weight forward onto the footplate and get myself unstuck. 

I have run over my toe trying to maneuver the chair while standing next to it, but that's more of an idiocy thing. Ditto for running my knees into things. That's user error/training, not the chair's fault.  Weight: chairs are too heavy. The batteries need to be lighter AND last longer. 

Size: minimalist designs! They're so bulky... Something that can be transported more easily would be nice. A chair that can be disassembled easily for transport in a private vehicle. (I think an airplane-proof chair is a lofty goal still.)

Waterproof components that don't look hideous. There are cell phones and cases that are waterproof and look nice-- maybe borrow some of their concepts.  The other comments are spot on and address most of my concerns. Additionally, cost needs to be made more reasonable. Battery life. I use a ventilator so trying to find a way to power that, and the chair, and still last all day if I want to go out, and still be able to have a decent turning radius, is a big problem. A smaller, quicker charger would be cool, too.

Likewise, being able to mount the ventilator is something apparently very few chair designer thinks of. I would like options, too, please. It's an [LTV](http://www.dremed.com/catalog/images/pulmonetic_ltv1000_lg.jpg) so really all I need is a flat area behind the seat that doesn't jut out for the [mounting bracket](http://www.built4me.us/catalogue/picIRISLiteVentMount.jpg). (I assume it's even harder for [Trilogy](http://www.healthcare.philips.com/pwc_hc/main/shared/Assets/Images/HospitalRespiratory/Trilogy202_secondary_180x180.jpg) vent users to find options, since that thing is like a box.)

Ideally, weight in general would go down, but the power-operated "extras" (such as tilt or elevation) would still be available.

Would-be-nice: Adjustable footrests. Armrests that aren't adjustable by those pins, but maybe by a slide-and-lock mechanism (I genuinely don't know if this possible, but there's no sweet spot for pins). 

Environmental issues: wet or loose dirt, gravel, sand; the gravel stuff they use in play areas for kids is especially disheartening. Bumpy terrain, especially like cobblestone roads or rougher trails, sometimes even a plain grass yard. Stability, in some cases. Curbs, obviously -- I'm pretty sure they overestimated the ability of this thing to climb / descend curbs. Rain or just liquid in general; I shouldn't have to panic about mobility when weather or life takes an unexpected turn.

Price and availability! I understand why they're expensive, but it feels like they're made expensive on purpose. Yikes! Glad you were OK. That sounds scary, glad you were okay! Sounds like better waterproofing is something I could look into.

Thanks for your help! Great feedback - Thanks!

I can see why an accurate battery meter would be crucial. Seems like batteries are really a limiting factor with a lot of power chairs these days. You mentioned going on packed dirt trails - if there was a root or similar obstacle on a trail like that, could/would your chair get stuck? How good is it at getting over such obstacles? Do you ever hit obstacles that you didn't see coming?

I definitely see all sorts of curb cuts in my city and have even seen people stuck on them before - some of whom couldn't shift their weight to free themselves, concerning for sure.



 Hey, look into Frank Mobilitys E-Motion wheels or Quickies Xtender wheels.  They are both power assist wheels that slip on to almost any manual wheelchair. Most insurances don't covert them and they cost a few grand but are what you are looking for.  Outside of North America look up the Yamaha Xtender. Better than what we can get currently.  Interesting - I can definitely see how weight is a concern. I think aesthetically pleasing waterproofing of components would be a really cool thing for me to look into. What components in particular have you seen ugly waterproofing on?

Thanks for your feedback :) Hey! Newb service tech here! I know on most of or power chairs that are programable they have an option for 4 different drive programs. Usually indoor(slow)/outdoor(quicker)/ramp(low speed high torque) and sometimes an attendant mode. 

Many of the 3/4wheel scooter type chair are forward and backward as well as manual left/right. I'm not 100% on current tech with these but I haven't come across a high torque mode for those. 

As for the weight related issues. It's super hard to building something that can handle the weight of a person all day everyday while rolling over bumps and such. 

Water proofing tho, that's something to look into for sure. It'd be nice to be able to wash a chair/scooter. I'm  sorry I missed  your question about trails! I just came back to this thread because of another comment. Yes, my chair has about 4" of clearance and will bottom out/want to get stuck if I hit a root that's bigger than that. Along the same lines, if I am trying to go up a smooth curb with no curb cut and it's about that high, or there's a pothole that deep, I'll often get stuck unless I rock back and forth to shift my weight or someone gives the chair a push. I usually can tell if I'm going to have a problem or not but once in a while I'll get distracted or get stuck on something that was borderline. Thanks! I'll keep that in mind for the other people on my support groups; I'm actually getting a rehab chair next week and my current chair will turn into my backup. Because I went straight to a power chair, I don't have a good manual chair to attach one of those to, just a cheapy uncomfortable folding one as a backup. 