New to wheelchairs and don't know what to buy... My 14 year old daughter can't walk very far, and we're tired of sitting at home waiting until "if" she gets better to go out and enjoy life!
I'm sure insurance would cover one after a bit of a fight, but I'd still have to pay 20% of whatever they order, and I really don't have much money, so I'm looking for used.

I found a Quickie 2 on Craigslist. The owner says it's like new condition and it has all the extras we need (like elevating leg rests). For $85. Amazing, right?!

My other option is a $300 Nova chair at my local medical supply store. $300 is like 1/4 of my monthly income (I'm disabled), so it's a HUGE stretch to purchase it. But I know it will work, and will have a warranty.

Do I risk it on the super cheap Quickie 2, knowing that if there is something wrong with it, that I'll probably pay out the nose for parts, or should I just take the leap and go with the more expensive Nova?

Thanks!
 I vote try the Quickie gamble. Quickies are wayyyyyyy better chairs than that Nova junk. So if it pans out, you’ll be much better off. I second what many others are saying—you’ll probably want to get new front casters and tires (note since your new to this (may be super obvious but just making sure): tires and wheels are different things. Wheels—the whole shebang with rims and spokes, etc—rarely need to be replaced and are accordingly quite expensive. Tires are the rubber part, encapsulating the inner tubes. They need to be replaced regularly because the treads wear down). 

Sportaid.com is a good resource for ordering (much better wheelchair accessory options than Amazon). 

Any friendly bike shop can help you if needed. Quickie by Sunrise is better than average, lightweight and foldable. $85 is a good price. Width is important, too wide is bad for comfort and maneuverability.

Just one bit of advice, don’t get a cheap wheelchair that has protruding axle bolts. Get the better designed one with flush axle bolts, even though it costs more and takes special tools to take it apart. Two reasons, protruding axles are easy to injure yourself on, and they tend to damage your house. I am a bit concerned about this. I understand buying the wheelchair used and saving a bit of money, but wheelchairs usually are made to measurements, much like a suit is made to fit the wearer. Would you send your daughter to school wearing someone else's clothes?  Usually a trained therapist or company sales rep will measure the user and the wheelchair comes fit to that persons needs.

Most chairs are adjustable and can be changed and adapted to other users, but only to a certain degree. Before buying any chair, I would suggest to find a trained therapist or representative to check your daughters measurements and make sure what sizes she needs and that the chair you are buying is actually suitable for her. I’d say go with the Quickie. I have two and they’re fine. My wife found a site with cheap parts. Got new casters, arm rests, tires. So that helps overall care.  I'd say go with the quickie but consider getting new tyres, caster wheels. First things I got for my new\-to\-me wheelchair were tyres and caster wheels and it hugely improved the motion of the chair. Also, if there is a bike shop nearby, they can often check on things like bolts and lubrication. Is there a wheelchair store in your area? If so, you can try several. Also, they can help (and maybe bill) your insurance. Thanks! I think we'll go with the Quickie and, like you said, get new tires and casters. Good to know about wheel vs tire!

The woman selling it doesn't seem to know any more about wheelchairs than I do. Apparently she accepted it as payment for some work and just needs to get rid of it. She said there are just a few scratches and it seems to be missing a clip that holds the leg pad on, but that's all. I think it will be worth a try. If it does turn out to be junk, we'll just have to wait another couple months to get one but that's alright. We'll make it work!

Thank you! The width on the Quickie looks to be about 16" seat/arms however they are measured, so should be fine, plus we won't be using it in house much (as my daughter prefers to do the butt-slide inside). 

I have no idea what the protruding axle bolts are, but I'll look it up and make sure that whatever I get doesn't have them! Of all the people who would be injured by it, pretty sure I'd be most likely. A little self-preservation there.

Thank you! If my daughter was going to use this chair on a daily basis, I would agree. However this is going to be a backup option for when she can't walk completely around the store/mall, or if we're on a day trip somewhere (most of the time she will not be able to push herself). We're not looking long term yet, hoping that our new doctor will find a cause and treatment, bit if the time comes that she needs a wheelchair on a more day to day basis, we would definitely go the insurance/measurement route. Thank you for your thoughts on this though. I appreciate it. Thanks! I think this is what we'll do.  Sounds like the best way to go. Thank you! Look under the frame as you fold it up. Make sure the plastic rotators are intact. They wrap around the tubes and pivot as you fold it up. They tend to be the first parts to break if they are abused. Oooh, good tip! Thanks. 

Is there anything else I should look for that is a red flag? A few tips about wheelchairs in general, not the purchase but the maintenance. The caster bearings above the front wheels have an upper cap of plastic that can come off and disappear. The cap is important to keep water from draining down into the bearings. Especially salt water from swimming pools or spilled drinks will corrode the bearings really fast. I glue the caps on.

Also, the wheels tend to pick up a lot of hair, so it helps to routinely clean out the hair. I use a pick and a butane torch. If you don’t do it for a long time the hair gets worked into the axles and the wheels get hard to turn and it gets messy in the rotating parts. Especially if you have a wheelchair with removable rear wheels. I'm actually writing all this down! Really helpful. If I go with the used Quickie, I will be taking it in to get serviced pretty quickly and hope they'll be willing to walk me through maintenance. I don't mind paying $100-ish in parts for a quality chair like Quickie, but I'm just worried about taking it in and learning it's a bag of crap and I have to shell out $300 for the Nova.

 