Airlines Rant (Before I start I should clarify that my ONLY experience on airlines is with coach class, way in the back, for I am to poor to afford first or business class. So most of my judgments in this post are based of my experience in coach class. With that out of the way, on with the rant.)

So, I realize the experience with airplanes might vary from one airline to the next, but this is my rant about the care I've received from the airlines I frequent (BA and American). First, I want to talk about the irritating task of getting a good seat for yourself. You would probably agree that the best seat for a wheelchair user to get is a bulkhead seat, or at least an aisle seat if you can. The infuriating part about this is the fact that they charge extra for bulkhead seats in coach class, which make sense sort of. But they also charge extra for the damn aisle seat. I mean how petty do you have to be to charge extra for this it's stupid and largely inconvenient for me. And I don't want to have to make the guy I'm sitting next to, get up so that I can slide awkwardly across the seat and into the little aisle chair every time I need to piss mid-flight. 

The second issue that I have is with the transportation/bathrooms. Because the aisles of an airplane are to narrow for a conventional wheelchair, the airline has a specially designed aisle chair that's skinny enough to get you to your seat. This chair however is so skinny that you feel like your going to fall off of it, and even then it's just barely barely barely able to fit through the aisle. When it comes to getting to the bathroom. I find this process even more humiliating to be in. These bathrooms are so small, when the airline crew try to help you in the bathroom, not only is it cumbersome with a high chance of being dropped, it's also very very embarrassing. Do these people just assume that people in wheelchairs have no dignity that they want to maintain. We do, and it's very dehumanizing to assume otherwise.

Finally, I have an issue with the staff and crew of the airline. Now I know that these people work long and late shifts, going from one place to another, but the way they treat the disabled sometimes is insulting. They always see you as just another chore to deal with. Your needs as a paying customer are a nuisance to them. I have a disabled friend who was once referred to as "it" by a gate checker for American Airlines. To be honest I wasn't too surprised. 

So that was my rant, it feels really good to get that out there. I hope you enjoyed it. I realize that the reason most of this stuff happens is because all of the company executives want to squeeze more money out of each flight, but I think it's the disabled who pay most for it. Sorry to hear of your rough experience. Was this your first flight " post injury" or solo? Don't mean to offend, I dont know the nature of your disability... and i get irritated when people effectively introduce themselves to me with a question about how I got in a wheelchair (well, I threw my legs out of bed this morning and transferred over...)

As a T-10 paraplegic I'm able to travel solo without too much difficulty. I'm hoping to travel internationally in the next 12 months which will be a test of mind and endurance for sure...

Tips:

Make sure you're confident in your rights under the ACAA. Ask for a Complaint Resolution Officer if they refuse you an upgrade to a bulkhead, try to charge you for carrying extra luggage, try to convince you that you can't stay in your own chair til the gate, etc.

If you self cath to void make sure you go just before you board to minimize the chance you need to get up. Rather than suffering the indignation of being carried to the restroom I use a blanket to conceal myself and cath into an airsick bag and hand it off to a flight attendant on a longer flight.

It seems silly but calling ahead, arriving early, and establishing a first name report with the crew helps a lot too. When they know your needs they're better able to accommodate you. 

Hope this helps! Ive had good ('better') experiences with southwest and jet Blue. Jet blue is slightly more expensive but customer service has always been great if you're going to a place they service. Southwest customer service is the same as the rest but because theres no assigned seating, and disabled board first, i always get an aisle seat in the bulk head row, which is a little more leg room and right up front next to the bathrooms. Ive never flown so far that i need to use the bathrooms fortunately, but I'd prob wear one of those external catheters if I had to. Thanks for the tips.
I had never heard about complaint resolution officers until you told me about that. I will definitely use that in the future. I am 14 and have not yet gone on my own, but once I was in a different row and column from my parents and a flight attendant insisted that they help me out themselves (idk why and I'm a conflict avoider so I just let it happen). I have Bethlem's myopathy, so all of my muscles operate at a lower performance rate, and I can't use special walking equipment. Thanks for responding and giving me tips. 