Question about wheelchair services in your area? Me and my friend were discussing the slow speed and the large price of wheelchair repairs and services in my area. What is the experience you have had with this in your areas? This is a topic that is brought up often in this industry. Let me try to shed a little light on why it takes to long for repairs. 


Step one, customer calls in with complaint.  Unfortunately due to repairs department being low profit (operate at a loss every month) they are short staffed. It will be a couple days until a certified tech can take a look. 


Step two,  tech diagnosis problem. Despite training and years of experience, unless the problem is obvious we are doing an educated guess. The tech is usually right but not always. 


Step three, getting the HCPCS codes for the parts needed. This make take time as every part needs a code, description, and MSRP listed. 


Step four, submitting request to customers insurance. Here is the major hurdle. The techs do there best to get the quotes, coding, and write up done quickly. Usually same day as the eval.  Once we have it all together we send it in to your insurance. They look through everything, line by line and make a determination. It is completely up to them to decide how long this takes. I have seen a couple days on up to 6 weeks just on repairs. New chairs take longer. 


Step five, ordering parts. We would all love it if we could keep all parts on hand at all times but that is not feasible. You would be talking hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of parts that may never be sold. So instead we keep the most common on hand and special order the rest. Unfortunately this is another delay.   If we think insurance will pay we may order the parts early. If it is a high dollar amount or there is a good chance we will get a denial we wait. Again, we can't risk having inventory that won't sell.   Oh wait, one part comes from China and there is a labor dispute at the port of Las Angeles? Order gets delayed until the manufacture gets more in. 

Once we have everything we contact you and schedule time for the tech to finally do the repairs. Again, tech is swamped so it is a couple days out. That is with the tech working 10+ hours a day, 5 days a week. 

Total time: 2 weeks if the stars align and we are lucky. I have seen some repairs take two months. Please try to cut us suppliers a little slack, we are trying. 


**TL; DR**  Ask for a loaner chair or see if your insurance will rent one while waiting for repairs.  When I was in Berkeley California, I waited for weeks for a really simple part that should have been included with the new chair order. I needed wheel spacers, no cost to add them to the order, but they forgot (or gave them to someone else). It took them a month because they "forgot" to special order them and then "forgot" to call me when they came in.

My whole experience with DME suppliers has been horrible. They're greedy assholes. I know there's a comment defending their practices (and seriously, why are they even here except to defend the practice?), but how about doing more to shed light and raise awareness?

Anyhow. 

When I pay cash for work (which I usually do), the process is faster. The retail cost for parts is obscene, though. I paid $150 for used aluminum side guards, and that was a steal because I got the dinged up demo pair from the shop. He sold them to me at cost. 

I ended up replacing them with sturdy plexiglass-like material for $20 in parts, reusing the same brackets. I needed a different/better shape, and the aluminum was making me shiver from the cold. Even if the brackets were $30 at cost of goods (& I doubt they are), that's a HELL of a markup. 

There's no need for competition in the industry-- most people have to go where their insurance tells them, and there's no need to go the extra mile because they bill insurance for the tiniest things AND because once they sell you a chair, you are often stuck with that store for the life of the chair. They have us over a barrel and we're a captive market.

I'm all for paying for quality goods and workmanship, but when a chair cushion is $99, shit foam wrapped in cheap nylon, and feels worse than what's on my ikea dining room chairs ($10), there's a problem. 

The tl;dr answer to your question, though, is this: capitalism. 

Or, as I like to call it, handicapitalism.  I learned to do all of my own repairs.
 They are usually quick with repairs, the insurance processing is what takes forever.   Any repairs that don't require insurance though are done same day.   

They are supposed to drive to you as part of their business model.  It took 6 months of them promising to come before I just decided to come to them.   I was totally disgusted by the wait.   If they had just been honest upfront it would have saved me and my son a huge hassle.   After 6 months his chair was in such bad shape it was causing sores on the back of his legs.  My son is a child and needs customized seating. Unfortunately they are the only ones in the area that can handle that type of service and our insurance so we are a captive audience.   The problem in the US is the word "Medical". Once you slap that on a product the price jumps. I have worked for a couple DMEs and not all are greedy. I worked for a big one that was all about profit and the bottom line. There was no compassion. The one I work for now has good reviews because we try hard to make it about the customer. That is why I work for them. My comments are my own, yes I defended the industry this time but I try to be here to answer questions to the best of my ability. Please give me a chance before you attack me. I am one person who is trying to m make a difference. The way I see it is if I can open a dialog from my end then maybe we can combine to make a difference.


I will try to explain why our cost on parts is so high. But keep in mind $150 for aluminum side guards is NOT cost. But it's not far off.  I have asked multiple manufacture representatives about why their cost is so high and they all give the same answer.  " when you factor in research, design, manufacture, accreditation, and lawsuit protection our products are cheap ".  Bull shit. But we DMEs have no say over that. So we pay. Do I like the fact that a basic cushion that is one layer of foam is $100? No, but we buy them. Do I wish good cushions were cheaper? Yes, maybe there would be less pressure sores if more people could afford them.


Last thing, never be afraid to shop around, before a new chair or even if you are not happy with your current provider. Find out who else is out there and ask your insurance to work with them. If a company says they won't work with you if you got your chair elsewhere says either they are a bad company or the provider you currently have probably didn't do their paperwork right. 


If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to ask me!  