Lightweight folding chair and airplanes I use a wheelchair on occasion--times of stress, lots of walking, or lots of standing. I'm planning to fly for the first time with it this summer, and I'm rather terrified. [This is my chair, the Airhawk. ](http://www.discovermymobility.com/store/powerwheelchairs/green-transporter/ez-ultra-lite/index.html) I get that I can roll it up to the plane doors, they'll put it below, and deliver it when I deplane. What I'm worried about is the chair itself. I can fold it up, take off the joystick, and potentially buy a different brand bag to wrap around it (or several thick nylon belts in both directions). Is it more than likely safe? are they usually ok with chairs? I bought this used, and even that was a massive struggle to afford for my family. If something happens, I'd be screwed, potentially in an airport, or in a city I'm not familiar with. So I'm scared. 

Alternately, I could just bring my crutches, which wouldn't be as useful, but maybe easier, and rely on the airport to wheel me from place to place. Is that usually reliable? If they don't come and get me, and I have a bag, I can't crutch and carry a bag at the same time. 

I'm stressed about this, and could use some first hand advice. Thanks! I have flown a lot with a fixed frame chair and have never had a problem. I am from New Zealand and don't have a power chair so my annocdotal experiences may not help. I have always found the flight people really accommodating and helpful and they have dealt with much worse than what you are bringing so don't stress out and enjoy your flight. I was so nervous flying with my electric chair for the first time, but it all went great and my chair came back to the plane door and was waiting for me. It’s been handled well every time. I hope you have a wonderful trip.  My experience with planes (and ships) is that people are friendly but unreliable when it comes down to it.  I've had a wheelchair broken ... the handler doesn't really care.  If you can avoid it, do.

BTW ... the airport will drive you around but don't expect it to happen on your schedule. I travel several times a month—upwards of 100 flights a year.   I don’t have an electric chair but have a lightweight folding chair that I travel with.   I have very few problems, and the ones I have are generally small things like cracked clothing guards and scuffs.   My current chair (TiLite Aero X) has been on almost 400 flights with nothing but minor damage.  

It’s been my experience that if something g is broken on my chair I go to the baggage claim office and file a claim.  They all have a service they use for repairs and will either send you the parts or if it needs to go in for repair the same service provides you with a (free to you) rental chair and they try to get you one similar to yours.  

Airlines break chairs.  It’s a fact of life.  Fortunately they fix them also And don’t leave you stranded in the meantime. 

Take your chair if that’s easier for you.  Hope for the best but be prepared to have a loaner if necessary.  

Alternatively you could use your crutches and arrange for a chair or scooter rental at your destination.   