Does using a wheelchair overall, require more or less muscles than walking? So I have this muscular issue, where if I overexert myself too much, I go into Rhabdomyolysis. I got it from just walking around my college campus from one full day. I was curious, if I was to use a wheelchair would that lower my risk of rhabdo? My thinking is that while you're using muscle, that muscle being in your arms, it's not always being activated, like if you're standing or just being still. Also, since it's on wheels it carries momentum so one pump can get you further than one step. None of that might be true, I've never been in one, I just really want to be able to return to college and I'm getting desperate. What do you guys think? Back to your question: pushing yourself involves less muscle mass than walking, but arms also have much less muscles than legs, so you will be using a higher *percentage* of your muscular mass. That's why people who run a lot tend to run out of breath – literally – while people who run wheelchair marathons don't run out of breath but out of arm muscles. Oversimplification I know, but it gives a broad picture.

Also, pushing on flat ground on smooth asphalt is easy, but pushing uphills or in mud or snow is a different story. And if you roll 1 km extra because the direct path would involve stairs, then it defeats the purpose.

Back to your disability, I hadn't heard about it before, so I googled it. Turns out there could be multiple issues and because of that, you need to speak to your doctor.

1. It may have caused by a previous trauma or issue. If you previously had your legs badly injured or have serious blood circulation in your legs, then maybe your arms aren't at risk at all, and rolling around would be the solution. If it is more of a systemic issue, then it may not be the solution you hoped for.

2. Are there other solutions like sharing the walk between on foot and in wheelchair? If you walk half the time and roll half the time, could it be a good way to prevent any issues?

3. I don't know if you have a car or if you use transit on campus, but could you ask your doctor for a disabled permit? In many universities it gives you access to much closer parking lots so you don't have to walk as much. Or minibus paratransit between campus buildings. This will vary based on your chair and the terrain on your campus. A light weight chair and a mostly flat campus will get you far.  Lots of research shows that for people with spinal cord injury, it uses less energy overall by on average 12-15%, even less for high level injuries, however that's because of paralysis. I guess know that the arms are smaller and thus use less energy than legs  You also can push the chair with your feet :) (ok, looks maybe a bit strange for muggels) 

I guess when you go to college there always classmates around to push... 

But I think you should go to a paramedical house and just ask You can try it. A mediocre wheelchair is cheap. Or even free if you look around for used. 

But how about one of those electric skateboards? Works for distances but you are still walking.

 Thank you for your thoughtful response

Yeah the underlying disorder is still a mystery. We think it was caused by mono being exacerbated by Lyme which I got at the exact same time. I'm getting a muscle biopsy done to do more searching but our guess is I have an underlying genetic disorder that makes my muscles super weak and vulnerable to things like mono. The school is USC which is insanely flat. We aren't that deep into thinking I need this yet, It's just that I wanted to have this in my back pocket as sort of a parachute if I get to school and we still don't know what's happening because I'm almost 20 and I can't spend another semester at home.  