Electric wheelchair advice for my grandmother Hello. My grandmother has recently had both of her legs amputated. She was in an unfortunate car accident. She is 85 years old and petite. I would estimate that her size was 5'1'' before the accident. Thankfully, we are having the insurance cover the cost of the chair. I want her to still have the indepedence that she had prior to the accident. Some of the biggest issues at the moment are gettting her into and out of the bed/toilet seat. Are there any chairs that raise the seat? She is also prone to sores on her behind. Are there any specific brands known for making small electric chairs for small people? Thanks for your time. If the insurance is covering it, they will also probably cover the cost of a seating clinic (I can't for the life of me remember what it is called in the us) but they will measure her and order a wheelchair specifically for her measurements and needs. I never had any issues with  'drowning' in my wheelchair back when I was a kid/preteen. Companies are pretty good with making things fit. 

Plenty of power chair companies do have models with power elevating seats, just make sure that you tell the clinic that is one thing that she will need. 

I'm sorry to hear about the accident and I wish her a speedy recovery.  If this lady is prone to pressure sores you are going to need a serious cushion. Make sure you look into roho quads or similar. She'd benefit from an occupational therapy assessment to figure out the best seating for her given her current method of transferring in and off the bed. There are smaller power wheelchairs but ideally it should be at the same height as her bed and toilet if she is doing a sliding board transfer. Toilet heights can be raised by putting a commode over top, and so can bed heights. How is your grandmothers cognition? Driving a power wheelchair is like driving a car so she may need some cognitive testing done prior to trialing a chair. Summoning [/u/rada_rada_lag](http://www.reddit.com/user/rada_rada_lag). I have noticed you giving advice to other users. I'd really appreciate your input and help for my grandmother if you can make time from your busy schedule.  Yup, find a good physical therapist who is certified to fit patients to chairs. With her risk of pressure sores, she should qualify for a so-called complex rehab chair, i.e., semi-custom chair, with the ability to tilt and recline to shift how her weight is positioned, as well as special padding. They should do an in-person evaluation with thorough history and figure out exactly what she needs. Yes. Sores were a big issue when she was in the ICU. I do not want it to repeat again. Thank you for your input. Her cognition is great. Everyone is surprised she is doing well mentally. She is learning how to slide on a board but her arm strength is not that good. She is having an assessment on Friday so I want to be informed of what there is. Thanks for your reply. Sorry about not responding yesterday. I am on vacation so I am not on as frequently. 

With your grandma I would go with a high end power wheelchair like a Quantum Q6Edge or a Permobil M300. It may sound weird to go with a full size chair but sick with me for a bit. 

Both chairs are mid wheel drive so they are much easier to handle. The learning curve to operate one is much easier.   They also can have tilt seating systems that can be custom build to her size. If she tilts back frequently she can prevent pressure sores.  

Also, both offer seat lifts so she can raise the height of her seat. However, most insurance companies in the US won't cover the cost of the seat lift mechanism. The average price out of pocket for those is $2500. Most people get a transfer board and learn to slide across that. 

If you are in the US I strongly suggest going to www.resna.com and looking for a local ATP or RTS to talk options. They will be able to go into details with you and your family as they will be able to evaluate her in person.  I did not expect you to answer so quickly. Thank you for your time. I will look further into these brands and resna. 