Need a wheel chair user(s) for an interview. Hello everyone! First off, if I say or ask anything that is offensive, please let me know. I am writing a paper for my school's newspaper in order to promoting creating an easier to navigate university campus. I myself am not wheelchair bound, but have noticed how un wheelchair friendly my campus is, and am hoping to change this.

If you would like to contact me to get more information, please comment or message me, as I would love to have a conversation. I have a few questions here that I would like to ask y'all about what it would be like to be a wheelchair user at a fairly large (as in area) campus.

1. Age?
2. Do you use a motorized or manual wheelchair?

2b) Do you require assistance when traveling out and about?

3) Describe the steepest ramp that you feel comfortable going up unassisted.

4) If you were to come across a pathway that is blocked by a set of stairs, what would you do about this?

4b) What are some solutions to this?

5) What are the odds of you coming across a pathway that you are unable to continue down when at a place such as a university or another place with frequent staircases?

6) Does an obstacle such as mulch or decent sized twig (like an inch in diameter) make it difficult for you to use your wheelchair?

7) What are some benefits to having a campus that is easily accessible by wheelchair? (Please note you are not trying to convince me, but trying to convince the president/upper faculty of a university).

Please let me know if you have any suggestions on what questions I could ask or any questions for me.

Thanks,

Alex

Edit: Accidentally made a spelling error in the title; should be wheelchair not wheel chair. 1) 20, I am currently in college

2) manual wheelchair
2b) I drive a car, so I am pretty independent. 

3) my problem is less about the steepness of the ramp (but generally about 3 inches for every foot of length is a max) but in the length of the ramp. my school is on a hill and covered in really long steep ramps, and it’s impossibly for me to get from one end of campus to another without like 10 breaks. 

4) i have to find go around and find another pathway. usually very far out of the way. it sucks. 
4b) I would love to say a solution for this one but i don’t have one. this is just my life and i’m used to it

5) about 1/2 of the pathways to be honest. we have bike paths that i can take but that’s dangerous in and of itself so i would rather go the long way

6) yes absolutely. if i run into it unexpectedly it can cause my wheelchair to almost rip forward

7) i believe universities should care about their minorities, and this counts for race and sexuality and disability etc. i think a lot of times businesses and schools do the bare minimum to obey the law when it comes to following the ADA, which makes it “technically” accessible, but makes my life really hard. i am a student at the school, and i think i deserve to have a positive experience and have access to things like every able bodied person does, without having to jump through hoops to access buildings etc. i don’t honestly know if there are a ton of benefits for the school. it costs a lot of money to make adjustments. it requires able bodied people going out of their way for something that doesn’t concern them at all. but it’s still the right thing to do.  A couple of years back an old teaching building was renovated  on our campus. Nice and stylish but the front side is just long stairs running up to the entrance so no way for me entering there. Nevertheless there was a group of students waiting for me there so I had to find my way in somehow. Somewhere in the side / back I found another door but that one had a stair too. Just one but that was still enough to stop me from getting in. In the end I found the steep ramp leading to the delivery entrance on the basement level. Passing through some weird dark corridors and, I kid you not, the morgue I finally found my way back to the main building. Didn't feel too good about this experience though.

A week or two later they installed a ramp at the side door, but I still find it extremely difficult to get in because the door opens outwards and the ramp goes upwards. Add the fact that I can only move one hand (either operate wheelchair or hold door) and you understand why I am heavily cursing every time I have to teach in that building. 

BTW, I'm 50, I use a power chair, which is quite a robust instrument, so I'm not much bothered by twigs unless they are more like branches. If I run into stairs I try to go around and find another path. Funny though, the less mobility you have, the more you have to move around to get from A to B. I actually think that stair lifts could be a good solution for the staircase problem. Here we have one in an old building, it is operated by a special key that any disabled person can buy for €25 (check Wikipedia for "Euro key")

The roads and pathways at the campus are OK - not perfect but I got used to it and learned my way around. However, whenever there is a construction site things get exponentially worse. Shaky wooden bridges above ditches and that kind of sh***.  I’m in my 50’s and work at a University.  

I use a manual chair

It’s not the steepness of ramp that usually bothers me but the length like the other commenter said. A long gradual ramp is pretty bad unless there are rails I can use to pull myself up when I get tired from pushing 

If I see stairs I usually go around. If it’s winter that’s problematic as my chair sucks in the snow even with winter tires.  It would be nice if the university didn’t plow up berms also.  A berm that a person could step over might as well be a mountain to a chair user.  If I get stopped by stairs, berms, or snow I usually start with the university security folks. They not k my come help they call the right peop to fix he problem.   If I can’t get in anywhere else I also call..

Sticks and twigs aren’t a problem u less I’m sipping along and not paying attention.  I’ve one out of my chair several time when it stops dead and My body keeps going.  I'd suggest if it's possible to hire a chair from somewhere locally or even if someone locally will let you borrow their old chair for an hour or two. It's so easy to list all the things that can be/are difficult but it is much more eye opening to actually experience it for yourself. 

I've spent the last few days a big horse event, the majority of the  showgrounds were sealed road surface which was lovely and flat. The only issue is that the 'very shallow' channel drains that were scattered around where different paths met were just a little bit too dished out, so I couldn't cross one without having to do a pop up to lift my front castors (the little wheels on a manual chair) out of it. It I was chatting and forgot or just didnt time it correctly then the front of my foot plate would hit the lowest point and then stop me moving forward. 
These little channels were everywhere and while it wasn't that difficult to hop them once or twice, having to do it constantly gets tiring after a while, not to mention slows me down when I have places to be. 

As someone else mentioned just sticking in a ramp doesnt make a place accessible. In a lot of cases it becomes possible to enter a building but there are so many other things that go into making a space truly accessible. 
 Hope you've asked your campus' disabled students office (or whatever it's called where you are) or student government? On my campus (which was horribly inaccessible back at the time I was in uni but were working on it), there was an accessibility committee of staff, students and admin with disabilities, identifying priorities to make the university more accessible - it wasn't, and there was a lot of work to do, but with that kind of input and experience with the specific barriers on campus, they were able to prioritize better. 

There are standards all over the place - in most western countries - for things like ramp grades. I think that you're in the UK, and the UK has really solid laws governing accessibility, and state-funded schools are bound by those laws. It always annoys me when people expect that the average group of random wheelchair users could give them the kind of detailed knowledge of accessibility that already exists in laws or local government - that were created with knowledge and input (usually) of a much wider group of people with mobility access needs. For example, I'm a paraplegic, pretty strong and independent - I can get over a "decent sized twig" but someone in a mobility scooter couldn't. Accessibility standards exist to enable the most amount of people to have the ability to navigate their community. 

I don't mean to discourage you from doing your article, by all means! I just think there are likely people already working at this or struggling with accessibility at your campus who would be the best to ask and really give you the kind of experiences and credibility you need to persuade campus administration. What's more persuasive than local law, and the experiences of actual students and staff?  See, I would have thought so too, but there are no committee on it at all. There is a single lady who’s job it is to deal with accessibility, as well as other things. There are a few professors that use a wheelchair, but there’s only 1 student that’s wheelchair bound in my whole campus, and I tried finding her on social media, and in real life, but couldn’t manage to do either. 