Final Year Project Hello all. I am a final year mechanical engineering student and as our group project we are trying to invent a device attachable to existing wheelchairs that would allow the wheelchair to be ridden on sandy terrain. It would help us greatly if some wheelchair users can take our survey as it would facilitate our problem identification process. 
1. Have your vacation plans (eg beach vacations) been disrupted due to mobility issues?
2. Have you tried riding the wheelchair on sandy or different terrain? If yes, how was the experience?
3. Have tried doing any modifications on your wheelchair or do you have any suggestions?
4. How would you rank these factors ; price, looks, weight, ability to climb curb. 
5. How much are you willing to pay for such a device? 

Thank you all for your time! If someone came up with something that let me wheel around on sand they would be my hero for at least a year.   Sand and loose gravel is really frustrating.    

I love the beach and swimming ina lake,ocean, or river and have a horrible time getting to the water.     For a more permanent solution Beach rings are terrific for loose material  but you can't exactly take them with you.  For a beach vacation I look for a place that has a pvc sand buggy thing and some big guy to push it.   So I guess it has affected my vacation plans.   My local bicycle shop is trying out some things with big balloon tires that interchange with my normal quick release ones but that's pretty cumbersome.  


Seems like the little front wheels are the big problem as they dig in more--particularly when going up a slope.    If there was something smooth attached to the tires that could slap down on the sand to roll on instead of digging in that would be nice.  


I wouldn't care much about color, price, or weight (within reason).  If it worked I'd pay a lot for it.    Hey there Dottiebears!

Thank you so much for the respond. It would greatly help our designing process. Hope you have a good time! 

Cheers https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8061911  
Hope it helps, it seem that sufficiently big ball wheels as "small wheels" (and most likely wide tires on "big wheels") should do the trick, as well as reversing them (ie. [big wheels in front, small at the back](http://c.myspace.com/Groups/00019/68/87/19807886_l.jpg), tho it probably would NOT be easily detacheable... unless You could have rear ball-wheel on some sort of secure frame, slightly above ground and kind of tilt wheelchair backward to use it?)?

Bonus points - ball wheels are omnidirectional and pretty light with hollow spheres.  


[edit]  
[Well, I guess that would be reinventing the wheel (unless You can make it cheaper/better?)](https://www.gofreewheel.com/userFiles/images/glen%20with%20adaptor.jpg) 