Travelling via airplane with a powerchair- any tips/ ideas/ suggestions? [x/post from /r/spinalcordinjuries, /r/disability] Doing some planning for a trip later this summer, and could use any help- I've flown with a manual chair before, and done the whole gate check/ aisle chair dance, but only got this new powerchair ~8mo or so ago.  I've seen horror stories of arriving at your destination with chairs broken and inoperable, what precautions can I take to ensure that doesn't happen to me?  TIA This website has an excellent post about traveling with a wheelchair or scooter. And it lists some things I hadn't even considered, like removing the joystick so it won't get broken and knowing how to put powerchairs into "manual mode" so they can be pushed.  It's the second article on the page.

Please let us know how it goes! Have fun!

http://easyaccesstravel.com/portal/travel-resources/ Buy straps, and extra rolls of tape. Tape or strap everything down. If you have lead acid batteries, do everything in your power to get some sealed gel cells before you go. 

If they're lead acids you'll need to remove them from the chair and place them in a separate container. Gel cells can remain. 

Disassemble as much as you can by hand. Arm rests, foot plates, head rests, anything that can come off without a tool. Tape and strap them into the seat of your chair. 

Speaking of the seat, take it with you, sit on it in your seat. It'll be much more comfortable then the airline seat. If you don't, I've dealt with worst case scenarios of an airline losing my friends roho seat in a transition. 

Arrive early. No, I mean early. Then earlier than that. Talk to the gate agent, explain the situation. You'll want to be the first one on and last one off. If they tell you no, tell them that it will take you 20 minutes to get situated in your seat, and another 15 minutes if you have passengers trying to get on around you. 

Tag everything. Each piece of equipment you have on your chair that can seperate, tag it. My friends seat was never found, and had to be replaced. The airline paid for it, but it meant my buddy sat on a seat made out of taped together airline pillows for two days.  


I think that's all I got for now.  