Wheelchair troubleshooting I got a used manual chair (a Quickie GTX with swing-away footrests) to serve as a backup to my power chair and there's an issue I'm not sure how to fix.

Both of the rear wheels, but one way more than the other, "skid" and turn in place when I push without actually propelling the chair forward as much as they should. My apartment has some miserably thick carpeting, so I push probably ten times harder than I actually have to as the wheel slides around doing nothing. 

Both of them have some pretty worn-out bearings, which I'm going to replace, but the worse side is actually always on the left even if I switch the wheels, so I think it has to do with the frame and not the wheel. Ideas as to what this could be and what to do? When you sit flat on a hard surface can you rock the chair? It sounds like the four wheels are not sitting flat. Check to see if you can have both front casters on the ground and one wheel up in the air. Do you lean forward to push, as this will put the weight towards the casters and make it easier to slide the back wheels. Do the tires have tread? Do you tend to lean one way or the other?
 Are you wheels cambered at all? If so, it sounds like you may have a "toe in or toe out" situation. I encounter it frequently with my very old Quickie GT. It's a pretty easy fix. There is an adjustment you make based on the bubble level on the bottom of the axle. I'm completely inept at Reddit on my mobile but it's on page 18 of the online Quickie GT manual that you can google. Hope it's the same for your chair!!  This is what I was thinking as well. This may be due to the frame being a bit tweaked, or possibly the front caster angles not having been adjusted to match an increase in rear wheel diameter, so they're no longer correctly perpendicular to the floor. Do you mean can I rock it with the wheel locks on? It seems like I can a little bit, but I can't tell if the caster and the rear wheel are coming up at once or if it's just a rear wheel. 

I could also be leaning--I tried leaning forward to push on purpose and it skids way worse when I do that, so maybe I'm doing it without noticing.  Yep. They're in fine shape. Maybe. As I said in another comment, it seems like leaning really affects this problem, so I might be doing it unconsciously. No, they're not cambered. Or at least, they shouldn't be! 
 Either raise your front casters or push you main wheels back. Sorry i missedvthat. Can yoy raise the front wheels a bit to put your weight more on the rear wheels? 
 Oh, no no! I posted it at the same time as this comment. Sorry . _ . ;;

Yes, I can probably figure it out. 