Looking for suggestions on what I should do.... I'm getting ready to build myself a toolkit for my chair because I'm constantly having to re-adjust my chair. I have lost a ton of weight over the last 2 years. I have literally shed about 2 people My highest weight was 365lbs and now I'm down to 149lbs. Instead of paying the $4-500 for someone to come out to readjust my chair for my weight loss (insurance wont cover it) I've decided to do it myself. I already repair my footrests/put my new tires/rims on when I order them. I just need some suggestions on some tools because I can never really find what I need so I'm always improvising & I just want a decent toolset so I'm not scrambling around anymore looking for stuff. What make/model chair do you have? That will be the biggest driver on what tools you need.

&#x200B;

I have a Quickie 5R, and while I'm not losing weight and needing to make a ton of adjustments (what's your secret?), I do carry 3 allen keys (3, 4, 5mm, I THINK), and have a 10mm ratchet close by most of the time. I can get adjust most of the things that I need to with just those (arm rest receivers, axle tubes, brakes). I Carry a Leatherman tool that has a handful of bits that allows me to make quick adjustments.  I decided to cut the frame and rebuild it to make it fit me better. It took me 3 years to find a welder i was satisfied with before starting (titanium alloys need special care for welds) Whats the extent of your injuries?

Congrats on the weight loss. Must-s involved a lot of hardwork and dedication. They don't cover yearly maintenance? I believe its the Quickie M6. As I stated in my post I had one of their heavy-duty wheelchairs because I was nearly 400lbs but now down to 149lbs. I'm gonna be getting a Rigid chair at the end of this year. Coming up on the 5 year mark. Where it's every 5 years I can get a new chair. No real "injuries" really just have Spina Bifida. Just getting older. I'm 34 now. I have "chopped" my chair too. I've taken 4 inches off the frame and moved it in to fit me as well & repainted it. When I was in high school my jr/sr year 2002-03 I was the only kid in my class in a wheelchair that did the full automotive mechanic classes AND auto body so I learned how to paint & work on cars/mechanical stuff in general then. Been doing that off & on since then. Nope Damn Can confirm. They've spent thousands upon thousands keeping me in a nursing home. Surgeries. Iv antibiotics. All I needed was my 3 year old chair replaced with something that wouldn't give me so many pressure wounds Don't forget that expensive sand bed  Yup, that's one of the MANY other issues I'm having. Since I don't have all that padding anymore on my rear my tailbone is rubbing hard against this specialized seat that is supposed to prevent sores but it's rubbing raw every day/night. $700 cushion that doesn't do it's job.  Actually I refuse to go any route that far. I dont actually have any problems with just being in a regular bed. It's the other circumstances that keep getting me. Like being homeless for 2 months sleeping on the same car seat. And losing my wheelchair cushion on the highway. That was junk anyway. And having to cobble together anything I could to get by. That kinda stuff Yea that can be so terrible I know exactly the position you are in. Especially if you are anything like me any rely solely on disability or ssi (or whatever your countries equivalent is if you happen to not be in the United states)

I do believe you can hammer home how important it is that you need a different cushion with your doctor. And you can get a prescription that states you are in medical need of a cushion to prevent worse health issues. Something like that or even a medical emergency type thing. Just see what your doctor can do. I hope you at least have health insurance my friend.

May I ask what brand and model your cushion is and what all you know about it so I can further understand what it is and look it up. 

And also further explain how exactly it is rubbing you. Maybe I can help. I'm not sure how long you have needed a wheelchair for but I have almost 4 years experience. And extra experience with this type of stuff cuz I went thru it.

You can also PM me if for any reason you dont want to reply publicly 

Oh and it doesnt look like anyone answered your original question about a toolkit I may be able to help you with that too.  