Can we talk refrigerators? Hey guys, a few quick questions for you all. I posted in /r/disability a few weeks ago about my mechanical engineering senior design project that involves building an ADA compliant appliance and I stumbled upon this sub, so I have some questions for you guys.
Someone in the thread mentioned refrigerators, and how they can be hard to access if you're in a wheelchair, so we decided to go with that. As of now we are working with GE to make a side-by-side refrigerator that we plan on selling. (I get nothing for it, just college credit)
Our first design involves any shelves over a certain height that can be pulled out and lowered to a more manageable level. My questions are, is there anything else that can be problematic? What don't you like, and what do you think can be improved? Any help will be greatly appreciated. Any input will be great.
If anyone wants to follow this build, I can continue to update you all on this sub and continue to get your input. Thanks again! The depth of the fridge and the length of the shelves. I find it very difficult to reach items in the very back of the fridge.

A lower and wider fridge would be more accessible than a taller and more narrow one. Most kitchens aren't designed to accommodate wider fridges though so this would probably be a design constraint. The depth of the fridge and the length of the shelves. I find it very difficult to reach items in the very back of the fridge.

A lower and wider fridge would be more accessible than a taller and more narrow one. Most kitchens aren't designed to accommodate wider fridges though so this would probably be a design constraint. Thanks for the input so far! Look forward to hearing more. Also, this may sound weird, but if anyone has a side by side refrigerator, would you mind sending me a video of yourself opening it and handling stuff from various locations inside so I can see what it's like?  You are correct. The depth is pretty much standard, and the width does not vary much. We would like to make it so all shelves slide out so you don't have to reach as far back. Thanks for the input!  