KI Mobility Rogue? My DME recommend and ordered a , KI Mobility Rogue for me with a fair amount of upgrades.

I know it's a little bit late, as the chair is already ordered but..

For those who has had experience or has/had one how do you like it? 

Pros/cons?

From my research most go with a tilite, quickie etc brand chair.

I rarely hear anything on KI mobility with a review here and there.

This will be my first rigid chair, all the other chairs I have had previously were always folding chairs.

Thanks  The Rogue is a really good chair. Ki is a newer company so they not as well known yet but they are growing quickly. I used to sell a ton of Ki chairs in all models and only saw them come into the shop for normal maintenance. My clients loved so I loved them. I have a Ki Mobility Rogue as my first chair too. It’s only been a little over a month and I love it!  Worth every penny.  It is so light and maneuverable.  I haven’t had it long so I cannot attest to its durability, but I can say that when I bonk into things (as a new wheelchair driver lol) that the Rogue always wins! I got mine about a month ago. Liking it so far. I had a loaner folding chair before that was old and pulled left which made it more tiring to roll around in. I did like that the footrests came off. Made it easier to get in and out of. The Rogue is similar to other rigid frame chairs. They are lighter which is nice in that you save a little energy moving around. Although Im finding that the footrests can make it more difficult to transfer back into the chair. 

Overall I like it but I wont deny that when the time comes for a new chair I may look into a lightweight folding one. This is more of a rigid vs folding conparison though. I’ve crashed mine a couple times since I got it and it still rolls nice and straight. One thing I wasn’t to keen on was ki mobility’s scissor brakes.  You have to reach pretty far under the cushion just to put them on as opposed to ti lite’s where you can just pop the brake on with your thumb.  Good to hear, what are the common failure points (if any) that you have seen on these?

The chair came out to be in the high $7k with all the upgrades, so hopefully it serves me well for the next years lol.

It's going be my first chair from KI mobility.

I'm also looking into a smart drive, how's the reliability on those units?

From my research general consensus is they are pretty reliable with a hiccup here and there?

Thanks in advance for the input.

 Great to hear,

Anything you don't like about it? If so what would you change if you could?

Thanks  Other than the foot rest situation what else do you like/don't like about the rouge?

Also if you don't mind me asking how long did it take for you to receive/delivered the chair from your DME?

My DME says 8 weeks it was ordered on the 15th.

Thanks for the input. I would get a solid back instead of adjustable. And would have gotten the spinergy wheels. Ever ounce lighter is actually a big deal, especially on days you are fatigued! LOL  Other than that, it’s pretty awesome as it is and I wouldn’t change anything.  8 weeks sounds about what it took for me but my insurance made an administrative error which delayed the process a couple of weeks. 

I mean as far as wheelchairs go, as long as its light and does its job thats all I need. It can be adjusted pretty well to accomodate a persons preference (excluding the frame). 

A couple of drawbacks that my sister pointed out (she puts the wheelchair in the car when we have to go somewhere) is that the anti-tippers can be a hassle to remove and put back on. Also for some reason the seat wont fold all the way down. Maybe is because I have my backrest leaning back, idk. We ride around in a Kia Optima and the chair doesnt fit the trunk. 

Make sure you get a calf strap for the chair. Last chairbI had didnt have one and my feet were always coming off the footrests. The rogue came with one and I absolutely love it. 

Honestly, I believe most rigid chairs are very similar. So much so that it basically just comes down to durability which I cant help very much on since I only had it about a month.

Overall I like it when Im in it. Rides nicely.
 Awesome, Thanks for the input i'm for sure going to be looking at spinergy wheels, down the road in the future.

My chair was ordered with natural fit hand rims so hopefully it will hold me over and compensate enough for now.

I have CP so everything that I can get that benefits me will help me tremendously.

I tried to spec it to be as light as possible to try to compensate for my lack of lower and upper body strength while still providing comfort and durability I need 

So hopefully it turns out great, we will see in a few weeks when it comes in. Sound perfect!  You got a good one :) 