ti lite owners a quick question about caster bearings Ive had my ti lite aero z ridgid frame for just over a year and i noticed one of the casters has started spinning tight. (The 360 motion not the wheel) the other one seems good as new and im just wondering could a bad caster angle cause premature wear. Any experience with servicing that could help me out? Im sure i could have it serviced in the same day just wondering how they warrenty things and if different third party retailers would treat me differently. (My pride powerchair for instance isnt even over a year old and allready needs over 1700 in repairs that they wont cover. Even when a tech was supposed to replace a broken seat 6 months in and ditched on showing back up). And last question is it something that i could pull and fix myself. Im good with mechanics if there are no presses or special equipment needed. Thx for reading

Ninja edit ~ spelling The other two replies are wrong.   WD40 is NOT a lubricant and will cause premature failure.   On top of that the bearings are sealed so trying to lubricate them won't help. 

Take your chair and lay it on its back so the casters/footplate is up. Turn the caster on the stem 90° then let go, it should swing 3-4 times. Listen to it as it swings, if it grinds or clicks you will need new bearings.  If it is smooth, remove the plastic cap on the top of the stem and loosen the nut at the top.   That is all you need.

Source: Certified Repair Tech for 8 years, sold them for 3. I've have the aero x not the aero z but I assume they are similar I. The repair department.   I have very few problems with most repairs so if you're at all handy you should have no problem.   I completely agree with the no WD40 comment--I made a heck of a mess using it when I first ended up in a chair.    I did have a similar problem and the flip it upside down to check for grinding advise was excellent.  Determining whether you actually have bad bearings or just need to loosen a screw is your first step [deleted] 