Possible new wheelchair questions I acquired a new wheelchair from rehab/medicare over the summer. Unfortunately, I feel I was given the largest, most expensive chair they could give me through a vendor. It's a rigid-framed behemoth. It won't fit into my car, my house, even my doctor's office. Through Medicare it was $9000. I have since found it online for $4500. It does have a battery assist. Which I never use. It was my first wheelchair. Live and learn. The markup was incredible and I refuse to use the same people. I'm sure their intentions were just, but if I cannot use it, what's the point?

Anyway, I'm looking at buying a nice folding model that will fit through the small doors of my old home. Also possibly into my smaller car's trunk. No, I cannot afford to buy a new car or move. :) Sadly, the people that helped me with the first chair just didn't seem to acknowledge my concerns. I trusted them a bit too much. My bad. It's just much cheaper to buy one online.

I was looking at this lightweight folding wheelchair: 

http://www.1800wheelchair.com/product/karman-atx-s-ergo-ultralight-wheelchair/#details

My questions: 

It seems to be a popular model. any experience with it?

With an 18 inch seat, would you assume it would fit though a 28 inch door? I was told the standard wheelchair width is seat width + 8 inches. However, with custom models, you just never know. My current chair seems to be closer to seat width + 10 inches. Although the one above would not have a camber on the wheels. The next smaller option is a 16 inch seat and I don't believe I could fit into that chair as I'm 6'5" 180. This wheelchair will already be a tight fit for me. There's just no way. I realize the brakes allow for a couple of additional inches, but I couldn't risk a 16" seat. Not when I could not return it.

The customization allows for degrees on the footplates. Is there a reason to have them angled or should I stick with 0. Which I assume would be level to the ground like my current chair.

Any reason to pay a lot more for a few less spokes on the wheels? My upper body, while weaker due to inactivity, is generally fine. That seems like a ton of money for a little less weight. You would think few less spokes would mean less money. :)

Can anyone explain what center of gravity is? Not even the phone rep had an easy answer to that one. As a tall man with long legs, which choice would be the best for me? -5,   0,   5 ?

Any reason to get slightly larger caster wheels?

Footrest options? Is this simply the length of the bars that lead from the bottom of the seat to the footrests? As a tall man with long legs. I'll assume I would want the longest possible.

Unfortunately, there's no returning a custom chair. I cringe at the prospect of getting a measurement wrong. Being tall, I assume my choices will, for the most part, be the largest available anyway. This doesn't need to be a perfect chair. I don't mind if it's a little small. Which it will undoubtedly be, but I need something for my home. Widening each door would average about $1500 per door. Yikes!

For upholstery, what's more comfortable? Nylon sling or Tension adjustable-strap?  I imagine I can buy a chair pad if it's uncomfortable and or need a little more height for my legs.

I'm really clueless here.

Thank you for any help.





 It looks like a nice wheelchair. You can try here for some measuring help:

https://mobilitybasics.ca/wheelchairs/measurelong

That blows about your first chair. My first wasn't all it was cracked up to be either. Sadly, I had to wait 5 years to get another. If you go through a rehab seating clinic, and deal with a vendor, you're probably looking at a steep markup.

I don't know what to say. The standard is 8 inches plus the seat width. Mine is slightly larger, though. More like 9. I doubt you will be able to push yourself through the doors, but may be able to eek through by pulling on the door frame.

I wouldn't do a 16" seat. If you cannot fit, than with a custom chair, you're screwed.

Center of gravity: https://mobilitybasics.ca/articles/wheelchair-center-of-gravity. It's just putting the weight of the user balanced between the wheels. One suggestion: you may be able to get the measurements from your new chair and work off of those. You could just set it towards the back and get anti-tippers.

I believe the angle of the footplates is based off of certain persons needing different angles due to their conditions. Although it may be to aid in ground clearance. That one could be tricky.

I wouldn't pay more for the slightly lighter wheels. if you are relatively healthy in your upper body, you likely wouldn't notice the difference.

No idea about the caster wheels. Get the same size that are on your current chair as long as the rear wheel size is the same and it works well.

Again, it certainly has something to do with where your legs hang. I would imagine if you were tall with long legs, you'd simply choose the longest possible and hope the footplates clear the ground. I imagine if your seat is set a few inches higher, you'll be fine. Although you may need a seat cushion to get up a little higher. That was the issue with my first chair. What a nightmare.

I'm sure a sales rep can answer the upholstery question.

I don't know. It's risky to be sure. Although I believe you should be able to make some adjustments on your own if you desperately needed to do so. Certain retailers/repair shops should be able to help you as well. See if the rehab clinic you dealt with has a repair shop they recommend.

Best of luck.





 Sorry to hear about your first chair, sounds like they were just going for the sale, I would highly recommend going to another chair vendor, as you really need someone who understands the nuances like balance. Personally I went through a company called NuMotion for my TiLite, which I highly recommend you take a peak at.

While I'm not as tall as you, I'm 6'0", 180 pounds. I use a Ti ZRA, customized to my measurements. My seat is 18" wide, with 4" of tire on each side. I've yet to hit a door I cannot fit into. It's a rigid frame, but super light weight and easy to diassemble for a car (in other people's car we take it apart, for the minivan I'm getting, I can toss it in complete the side door while I sit in the driver seat).


For a seat, I highly recommend a Jayfusion foam/air cushion model. Even more comfortable than their foam/gel option and it was less with less upkeep. Several factors go into the width of the chair, including seat width handrims and camber of the wheels. The company selling the new chair to you should be able to tell you the final width of the chair. I would not guess at it, I would insist that they provide you with that information, or don't buy from them.

Center of gravity plays an important roll in how "tippy" the chair is. Tippyness is good in that, if you need to get over a bump or hop a curb cut, you will need to pop a wheelie to do so. If the chair is not tippy enough, you won't be able to do that. Too tippy and it can be unstable. Usually center of gravity is adjustable so you do not have to make a final decision right off. Ask about that and make sure that yours will have adjustible center of gravity. It usually means being able to slide the rear axle back and forth.

As for caster wheel size, again there is a trade off. The smaller the caster wheels, the more maneuverability the chair.  However, the smaller the caster wheels, the more likely they will get stuck in cracks, bumps and holes in the sidewalks. This is important. The chair could come to a sudden stop and you can end up on your nose. The size you want depends on the quality of the pavement around you. 3 inch is the smallest and best for active wheelchair users, but may be too small if your driveway, sidewalks, etc, have losts of cracks and bumps. 

A custom chair is a bad idea for a first time wheelchair user, because knowing what you want comes with experience. You may want to adjust things like center of gravity, seat height, etc and custom chairs usually do not allow that.  After having a chair or two, you will know what you want for center of gravity, caster wheel size, width etc. I would suggest to use your current chair to discover what you like and need and only then buy your second chair.

Hope that helps. It looks like a pretty sharp wheelchair! I wish there were more customer reviews available to get accounts of personal experience. It appears to be a strong choice, based on the description. All of the reputable sites are offering it for the same price so you should be able to track down some free shipping, through one of them. Keep us posted, I'm curious to hear what you think about it.  Thanks everyone. It's not my first wheelchair, but my third. The first was a cheap one medicare gave me that flipped me several times on the slightest inclines and nearly killed me the last time. It did not fit me at all.

The second was a huge behemoth that John's Hopkins wanted me to get and I did it locally at a rehab clinic. Unfortunately, medicare is refusing to pay for it and it does not fit into my home, so...until I figure out a way to challenge the ruling (I know i qualify for it, but, no one is talking to me...so frustrating) I will likely hold off getting another for the house and just roll around on my seated walker for the time being.

My issue with a non-custom is I'm too darn tall for a store bought model. I tried and returned one. I was hoping I could shorten the width of the behemoth by an inch or two while taking out the camber, but apparently that isn't possible. (shortening the width, not getting rid of the camber).

Thanks again. I'll figure something out once I'm done being sued for $7000. It kind of seems silly that they give you the chair before medicare approved it. I always seem to have to make a huge mistake and empty my bank account before I learn not to trust people. I told the vendor their was an issue with medicare, but they gave me the chair anyway and I signed their nonsense. Stupid, stupid, stupid.

 