recommendations for electric wheelchairs? My dad became paralyzed from waist down since his last hike sometime in November 2014. He is currently using rented wheelchairs, as wheelchairs in South Korea can be ridiculously expensive. So as I am employed and will soon start working, I was thinking of getting him an electric wheelchair as a surprise when he visits me for my graduation in May. However, as I live apart from him and know nothing of wheelchairs, I was wondering if I could get some recommendations on which electric wheelchairs I should purchase. As a basic information about my father, he is in his mid-50s, 6ft tall, and weighs ~180lbs.. but I'm not too sure about this, as he continues to lose his muscles due to lack of movement. 
As an avid Amazon shopper, I've found this: http://www.amazon.com/Smart-Chair-Electric-Wheelchair/dp/B00EBXBC4K/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;amp;qid=1424125642&amp;amp;sr=8-1&amp;amp;keywords=electric+wheelchair
Let me know what you think of this, and any suggestion/recommendation is highly appreciated! Thank you so much! :)

UPDATE: My current budget is around $5,000. I love my Permobil M300, but as you probably don't have $20k+ to spend on a new one, you can find the C500's on eBay (if he wants an outdoor chair) for cents on the dollar.

Big question - what's your budget? Budget is going to be a huge factor. 

I loved my Quantum, but I doubt you want to spent ~$15,000. I've never heard anything good from wheelchairs sold on Amazon for $2000, but it is better than nothing. However, depending on your father's condition, if he is paralyzed from a spinal cord injury and not a progressive condition, buying him a normal manual chair would probably be better. Power chairs, particularly those costing $2000 are going to have issues. However a half-decent manual chair will cost you about the same and won't require the expensive repairs.  What is your budget?  What is his trunk control and stability like?  I sell wheelchairs so I can help narrow down your options if I know a little bit more of what you are looking for.  Why do you want to go power?  Does he have any feeling in his hips?  How is his upper body strength?  How does he currently get in and out of his chair? This is [my wheelchair:] (http://www.meyra.de/en/wheelchairs/e-power/e-power-wheelchair-details/product-467/?cHash=ce096f6d5369d965647642dd86cc11cf) that was around €4000 2-3 yrs ago. It is possible that that was a special price for my insurance company but even if this was the case it is definitely not in the 10 - 20k range... It is not a high-end model, but reliable, can negotiate some rough terrains too. Max speed 6 kmh, and about 100 kg. Would not necessarily recommend for indoor use though - I don't know about your house but I would not be able to get around the place with this robust thing. (I have a cheap & simple manual chair for indoors.) No idea if they ship to Korea though. You would need to ask this. Also, inform yorself about your dad's needs, talk to his doctor or physiotherapist before comitting to an investment like this. I hope you will find a good solution! South Korean health care (not sure what kind of system you have, I'm guessing universal) won't pay for a power chair? What about a scooter for just outdoor use? Scooters are cheaper than power wheelchairs but you mostly cannot use them indoors. I don't know how wheelchair accessible south korea is either so that's something else to consider. Sorry for not stating that in my original post! My current budget is around $5,000. 
Wow, the prices for the models that you mentioned are.. Jaw dropping :O
Do you think it would be better for him to get a used quality wheelchair than a new, but cheap one? Thanks!! Thank you so much for your recommendation!
After hearing from many of you that electric wheelchairs easily cost over ~15K, I do agree with you that both my dad and I would be better off just getting a good manual wheelchair. And yes, he did have a spinal cord injury, but claims to be recovering faster than expected, as he can already feel some sensations on his hips, etc.
The reason why I prefer electric over manual is because of my mom. She had a breast cancer and has difficulty using one of her arms after the surgery, and helping my father move to places can be quite difficult for her. My current budget is around $5,000. 
As he was only recently injured, it seemed to me as if he was still having a bit of a difficulty when it came to controlling his trunk. However, coming from someone who has never interacted with anyone with such paralysis (other than my dad), I may be inaccurate. 
When I visited over the break (December-January), he did seem to have some upper body strength, but still needed help when trying to sit up (from lying down), lie down, move from wheelchair to the sofa. He claimed to have feelings in his hips, but as aforementioned, he still needs help when getting out of his chair (ex. asking to place a flat board that bridges the wheelchair and the sofa, hold his legs together when moving, help him sit up after he moves to the sofa, etc.)
The reason why I prefer electric over manual is because of my mom. She had a breast cancer and has difficulty using one of her arms after the surgery, and helping my father move to places can be quite difficult for her. As an only child that currently lives continents apart from them, I thought the best thing I could do was to find an affordable electric wheelchair in an effort to ease both of their burdens.  Thank you so much for your recommendations! I'll definitely look into your model.
Yes, if I do end up getting an electric wheelchair, he will probably use a manual one at home. And no worries about shipping it to Korea! I live in CA and I will have it ship it to my place and have him take it home when he visits me for my graduation in May :) As I live apart from them (and at the time of the accident), I'm not too sure about what's been going on. I would assume not, since my dad has been relying on rentals when complaining about how crappy they are. I think that's a great idea! what's the price range for scooters? Can they hold someone big like my dad?  With power wheelchairs $5K won't get much. But it will get him something that will fit his needs.  I would recommend looking into a [Jazzy Select 6](http://www.pridemobility.com/jazzy/jazzyselect6.asp) as it is your budget. They are a fairly reliable chair that will help him get around.  It has height adjustable arm rests so he should be able to brace himself if he starts to lean. Transferring with a slide board is very easy from one of these too. 

Also, it is possible to have feeling in his hips but not control to move them. Caution him to shift pressure often. We don't want pressure sores to form, ever.  They can easily hold your dad. They're cheaper in North America but I don't know the korean market. Here's a good article comparing the two:
http://www.disabled-world.com/assistivedevices/mobility/scooters/scooters-vs-wheelchairs.php Thank you so much for your help! I'll definitely keep that one in mind, as I search for more options.
As $5K is a pretty low budget for electric wheelchairs, do you have any recommendations for manuals? Despite my reasons for getting him an electric one, he in fact still does not own a manual wheelchair and often complains about the rentals. 
I remember him showing me a slim, jet black wheelchair that someone else had at the hospital, but do not know of its name, model, etc. I just know that it looked really fancy compared to others. Do you have anything in mind that looks something like that (hopefully within my budget)?
Thanks again!! Within your same budget you could get a high end manual wheelchair.  With $5K you could go with a [titanium ultralight](www.tilite.com) that is custom made to your dads measurements. Or you could go with a not as nice chair but with a [power assist](http://www.frankmobility.com/e-motion.php).  A Tilite ultralight can always have the power assist added on later if he develops shoulder problems So that is the route I would go.   When it comes to manual wheelchairs $5K is a ton of money. Unless you buy a power assist you would have a hard time getting up to that.  The titanium ultralight definitely looks like what I was referring to, and I'm glad that $5K is enough of the money needed for a manual wheelchair. 
Wow, I didn't realize there are so many options for my dad's wheelchair :O I feel like I shouldn't make this a surprise and really need to discuss with him to choose what he wants/needs.
Anyways, thank you SO much for your help!! I can't wait to start saving up for his gift! :) There are a ton of options out there. The best thing you can do is talk to a local ATP about what would work best for your dad. Go to www.resna.org and find a local provider. They can talk options and prices. Are you still saving? Wanted to update with some more thoughts but don't know if you've already pulled the pin on something.

Just a thought - if you buy a used Permobil allow $800 (max) for new batteries. Allow $400 for a really good charger. Hold down the speed up and speed down buttons on the R-Net controller to get an idea of distance - you don't want a chair that's done heaps of kms, and this figure I don't think can be reset using the programming software. I've done 3300km/year and just about stuffed my batteries, but I could limp by for another 6 months on them (still get 20km on most runs).

Given the trunk issues, a manual chair would not be my choice, as he'll need arms for sitting balance, unless he's using a harness of some kind. Given he has postural issues, I would expect rapid onset of shoulder pain (then damage/arthritis) using a manual chair. I'd get a TiLite too, or similar. 

You should be able to pick up a nearly-new Permobil for $3.8k and use the rest to get batteries and charger. I'll link a company when I find them again.

He'll need a decent air or gel cushion. Again, $200-2000 depending on size and whether stock or custom - I like the Jays J2 Deep Contour myself, but he might like a Roho if he's more static. Upvote to Rada.
Go to the site and find a provider. I work in the industry and this is going to be the best bet. They will be able to give fantastic recommendations.  