Can you help some students with a project to improve travel/tourism for the differently abled? Hi,

We're a bunch of students doing a non-profit project focusing on tours and how they satisfy the needs of differently abled (or fail to satisfy them!)

We would like to design tours of our city/university that cater for the specific needs of the differently-abled. 

We mostly just want to make an experience that is really enjoyable!

Can you help us understand what kinda problems we should be tackling?:

* Do you travel as or with someone who is differently abled?
* Do you think tours could be more accessible?
* In what ways do you think tours could be more accessible?
* What problems do you think could/should be solved for differently-abled tourists exploring a town/university?
* Do you have any suggestions for our project? 


All insights, whether they be about you or someone you know, will be super super appreciated! 

 my only tip is to never use the term "differently abled" or anything like it again unless specifically asked. just use disabled, anything else makes you look like you're uncomfortable talking to us Few tour operators have any clue about how to organize a tour for a wheelchair user.  So, in many larger cities there are specialized companies offering travel assistance for wheelchair users. Here is a list of some of them.

http://www.executiveclasstravelers.com/1/tour_operators.htm#us

First, I would see if your city has a company that specializes in accessible travel and discuss this with them. Second, I would see if your city or university has a local organization for wheelchair users and see what advice they can give to you. If all else fails, you might want to contact some of the travel organizations in and ask them for suggestions.

Good luck with your project! I would agree with a previous post. Nothing is wrong with the term disabled. Differently-abled appears to be trying to avoid the fact that we are indeed disabled.

A few things to help you down your journey: I'm sure your group have asked yourself these questions but since you haven't stated it in your post we will start from the beginning.

Disability is a very broad term. A tour of your city/university is a little more focused but you still need to break things down a little more.

What in your city/university are you trying to show/experience?
What kinds of disabilities are you trying to serve? Mental disabilities? What kind? Physical disabilities? What kind? Etc.

Definitely working with your local disability groups will help narrow down some of these specific audiences you are trying to work with.

Thanks so much for trying this and volunteer with any disability orgs in your area! We can always use the extra help and awareness! Any tour that has wheelchair lift is a godsend.   