New to using chair, how to set it up so my legs stick out straight? Hi.  I am not sure if there is a term for what I need but I am having no luck finding leg rests that stick out far enough for me.  When my knees are bad they can't really be bent much but my current chair leg rests keep my legs at just over a 90% angle which is way too much.  I can sit that way for a few minute but then need to extend my legs. 

But the the leg rests I have found don't seem to extend out enough, and if they do the foot rest ends up behind my ankle and my feet dangle which is too uncomfortable.  I'm only 5' 10" or so so it's not like I'm that tall.  I have to assume I've just not found the right type of gizmo to hold my legs up.  I can't imagine no one else needs something like that. 

  I asked the physical therapists I see occasionally but they said for liability reasons they can't recommend anything.  Which seems a bit fucky since it leaves me winging it as I try to find a solution for getting around when crutches aren't enough. The set of leg rests I bought on my first attempt doesn't work for me at all. I've tried modifying them with motorcycle foot pegs but that's a fail as well. 

Does the type of leg rest or chair that hold your legs out nearly straight have some sort of special name or something?  What should I be searching for?

(I've got a Karman chair if that matters.  And I guess it's not really new, I've avoided using it since I got it two years ago).
 Would something like [this](http://www.1800wheelchair.com/product/calf-protector-for-wheelchair-footrests/) help?

Edit: From what I understand, your leg rests extend, but the pads don't support your lower leg. Maybe this could help. Shop around for a better price first, or a similar product. Hopefully, it points you in the right direction. I'm a little confused by what you need, largely because I never heard much of it before. You need to your legs to be straight-ish from the seat, not bent, yeah?

What came to mind were those leg rests for those who have casts, and Google led me to the term **"elevating leg rests."** And then I stumbled to [here](http://www.karmanhealthcare.com/product/daily-aids/elevating-legrests/) because I noticed Karman came up on the search page. Have a look on Google Images, too - that sometimes has more use than just Google for chair parts.

Can't tell you which is most compatible for your chair though, sorry. CALF PROTECTOR!!  

Thanks, empeaseases.  

Calf protector.... Yes, you have the idea.  Something like someone with two casts on their lets might use.  Great example, that's much better than how I've been describing it. 

These are similar to what I have now.  While the foot rest does extent there is no support for the lower leg, that pad ends up being around the back of the knee.  Something like this but with support further down is what I think I'm looking for.  If you were in a cast the cast would be supporting the lower leg.  

Thanks for the response.  Your apt description of the position I need will be helpful. 

 No problem! If you find something, it would be cool to add it to your post. Might help someone else who stumbles across it.  You might consider making your own supports somehow. Cushions, fabric, wide elastic could all be used. Or figure out how to cut and meld plastic pieces? I know it's troublesome but maybe if you know someone handy they'd be willing to help. Yes, ELR is what you need. Depending on the chair brand they probably work a little different, but typically they are able to be adjusted on the fly, in terms of angle. I'm not familiar with Karman. Here is a section from TiLite's parts manuals, for reference: http://www.tilite.com/documents/parts/Section2_Frames_Footrests.pdf?mod=parts102315

What you're looking for is on page 2-23, third from the last page.  It's looking like I'd best get handy with it.  Though there MUST be other people out there who need the same thing.  