Hiking with Smartdrive and Freewheel. Hi there. I'm looking to invest in a Freewheel and possibly a Smartdrive. Does anyone know if the combination of the two would allow me to go on hiking trails? How powerful is the newest Smartdrive? I think you would probably have some problems taking the smart drive over rough terrain. It can rotate around the axel and has nothing to stop it lifting, so I have a feeling it would bounce and skip over really rough ground where you would want it the most.

Other options would be getting something like [this](https://www.rgklife.com/wheelchairs/wheelchair-hand-bikes/hand-bikes-attitude-hand-bike.html) which is fixed to the frame and has nice chunky tires and a relatively big wheel. You could also get a really chunky second pair of wheels with mountain bike tires on to help you grip better too.

I found the freewheel really useful on its own, takes a bit of getting used to, but really worth the money. I love the SmartDrive, but it has issues on uneven terrain. Others have mentioned traction, but to me that’s not the main problem. In fact, I’m skeptical that’s much of a problem at all, given the heaviness of the wheel. 

The problem I have experienced is that the wheel is what senses force—when you push, it feels the force differential and tries to adjust accordingly by speeding up. When you hit an incline, it senses the force differential caused by that also and puts out more power to try to maintain speed up the hill. This mechanism backfires on uneven terrain. The drive hits a pocket of unevenness and feels it as a force increase on the wheel, then speeds up. Or, it hits difficulty like gravel and starts spinning faster and faster.

Granted, my experience is from the MX2 model, not the MX2+, which I hear has more programmable settings. Perhaps it is possible to address this now? If so, someone can correct me.  Have you considered a powered attachable front fork? The firefly is kinda cute, but I'm thinking along the lines of a Batec Rapid or a DaVinci TrailRider. Both have a full mountain bike tire on a hub motor with a decent amount of torque and if you get something like a pair of Sumos, you could swap out the wheels for in town and off-road pretty easily. You'll still have the advantage of the extra stability provided by the freewheel, and the convenience of the motor and front fork being combined. The real disadvantages here are the slightly bigger size for travel and the lack of manual work if you're trying to exercise. They do make hybrid versions if that's a concern, but of course it's a handcycle so that's hit or miss with some.

If it weren't rough terrain I'd also suggest looking at something like the e-motion power assist wheels, but I doubt they'd handle the terrain. They'd theoretically give you a bit more oompfh, with kind of an all wheel drive situation, and while they wouldn't sync to the front wheel they do sync to each other and an app, so if we aren't talking anything too harsh, it might be worth looking into. The Batec is super cool. Multiple drive options, easy to attach. And should run under $10k CAD depending on options. 

Pair one with some 24x2.25 knobby tires and you’ve got a decent trail machine. 

I wouldn’t trust the smart drive in a trail. 

The freewheel will help immensely if going manual.  Yep, I completely agree. The smartdrive is plenty "powerful" enough, but without force to get that traction down, it bounces around on rough terrain, and can't truly dig in as is sometimes needed. Mine have simply spun in dirt, grass, and gravel in the past. For long stretches, I think that it would be more of an annoyance.

I understand that it's a LOT more money that just a freewheel, but quite a bit less than it and the smartdrive combined. You might be interested in the Grit chair.  https://www.gogrit.us/

I  purchased one last year, and I'm embarrassed to admit that I have used it very much at all, but I plan to change that this fall. I found the gearing and angles of the push levers a bit... awkward? I think it's just that I need to train my muscles in the path of travel and get some use into it. It's fun and found it fairly easy to transition from sidewalk to grass, etc, and didn't feel like I was going to get stuck like normal. Thanks. I'm 95% sure I'm going to get a freewheel. I want a smartdrive for other purposes as well (I used to have a power chair but it was so inconvenient to transport) but it's a fairly large investment and I'm trying to justify it to myself. Thanks for your response - that gives me a lot to think about since I do live in an area with... not the best upkept sidewalks. And thanks for including what model you have as, yeah, they may have addressed this with the upgraded version. I'm hoping my local medical supply store will let me try one out before I buy.  Thanks. I've decided against any sort of power assist for now (just is not in my budget) but the Batec stuff looks really cool! I'll have to keep them in mind for the future.  Thanks. I want a smartdrive for other stuff as well (most of the time it would be used on pavement, indoors, etc). I don't think I will be doing that much "hardcore" hiking to justify a Grit chair. I think I just might start with a freewheel and go from there.  I haven't seen a grit chair in person, but I always felt it looked a bit awkward with the wheel at the front sticking out between your legs.

I have tried a mountain trike before and whilst I have hated every other lever drive I've tried, I have to admit it was really nice. I was thinking of hiring one this summer so I might get back with a mini review if I do. If you don't have any way of transporting the powerchair then I think a smart drive would work well for every day stuff if you need to get in and out of a car lots. I might suggest just getting the freewheel to start with. I use a powerchair most of the time and the freewheel I used to have made using a manual an awful lot easier even without power assist. It just removes a lot of the resistance you get from the castor wheels. In the grand scheme of things it isn't expensive and will give you a good idea about whether you need a power assist or not. Cool, hope you enjoy it. I almost wish I had gone with one initially instead of the Grit, but I got a good deal on my grit, so not too mad!

You'll enjoy the SmartDrive if you get one. I largely use mine when travelling, or if I know I'm going to be going a ways through the day. It's a great way to keep from getting exhausted on long days, or on long hills! I love mine. Believe it or not, the Grit is very well balanced, comfortable, easy to get on and off, etc. Literally the only thing I would change is the gearing, and to bulk my arms up some.

I've looked at a few mountain trikes and quads. I'm NOT a fan of handcycling myself, but downhill stuff looks fun. There are so many options though. Which model did you ride, do you recall? The mountain trike I'm on about is a wheelchair, not a bike. They only really do one with other options for people with limited hand grip etc. [This](www.mountaintrike.com) is their website if you want to take a look. I really like the fact that the steering is controlled separately from the drive so you can steer and use the full force of both arms if you're going uphill, or just use one if the other is hurting. Oh, yes, I've seen those before. Similar to the Grit, but more refined and compact for sure. Unfortunately, the price reflects it too. I hadn't looked up the price of those until today (or at least since I considered the Grit), they are about twice as much.

Still, great to see some more options around, and I'd love to try this one some day. 