How to talk about incontinence issues in wheelchair users in a supportive way? Hello--I'm brand new to Reddit. Wasn't sure where to go with this issue. I am engaged to a wonderful man with spina bifida (our wedding will be in January of 2019) and we just moved in together in preparation for our special day. Well we got a big package on the front porch a few days ago and I ripped it open since I thought it was something I ordered from amazon and..it turned out to be a big case of diapers... My guy turned purple and has been avoiding me ever since actually and I'm not sure if I should apologize or say something...Or just wait and let him come to me (it's been almost 3 days). But I need advice from other people with this condition. I wasn't surprised when I found diapers because I've known for years that he wears those. How could I not know being his girlfriend? I just never mentioned it because it doesn't matter. But I can only imagine how people with disabilities must feel about issues like this so what does everyone on here think? It sounds like he needs to learn to trust you and grow out of the shame. I’d suggest you let him know casually in a private moment that you already knew that he used diapers, it’s no big deal, and his secret is safe with you. And let that be it. I think he’ll be relieved to be certain you understand, you don’t feel the need to talk more about it but that it’s not a big deal for you. 

When my husband and I first got together one of the first times we had sex I leaked in the bed and was terrified to get up lest he find out. He got up after and started to get cleaned up and said casually in passing, “you might want to get up so we can wash the sheets. You’re in a puddle there.” And then he just continued with whatever. I apologized and he told me sex is messy, no big deal, and that was it, and I was so relieved I could have cried. It told me he wasn’t as shamed about my bladder stuff like I was... it undid years of feeling shitty about it. I am in a wheelchair and for a while was very incontinent due to the same accident that crushed my legs. I still wear diapers at times because, being in a wheelchair, I often cannot get to a bathroom in time. I also often wear them during my period for similar reasons.

Talk to him about urinary issues, and let him know he can talk to you about them. It will help him if he knows that he has someone he can talk to about such matters. Wow thanks for sharing this story!

This is exactly how I was feeling about it. It seems like he's more worried about it than I am or almost as if the embarassment that he may be feeling is worse than the actual problem itself. Yes, I realized years ago that he wears diapers but since he's in a wheelchair I wasn't that surprised about it and honestly didn't think about it much really at all.

It's just one piece of the wonderful guy that's about to be my husband. I guess it's time I told him that...  Hey-thank you for your response. I'm sorry about your situation...I'm not sure about why my guy wears them but I assume it's probably from the spina bifida. There are several really good groups on Facebook. > It seems like he's more worried about it than I am or almost as if the embarassment that he may be feeling is worse than the actual problem itself.

In all honesty, he probably does feel worse about it than you. People with disabilities are kind of... convinced that these things are private and shouldn't be talked about. I'm not in that exact situation, but making it clear that it's not a big deal will most likely make him feel much more comfortable, in the long run if not immediately. I have to get it beaten into my head a few times that some people really don't mind, and it's hard for me to really believe it until they demonstrate it. The worst part is I'm not always consciously aware I worry about it until something happens xD > I assume it's probably from the spina bifida.

It probably is. But you should talk to him about it and get to know. Really? Are they public? Like is there a way to join without it being obvious to everyone on your facebook page? Hey....Yes, we've actually been dating for 9 years now (I know it's about time we put a ring on it) and I can honestly only recall once that we've ever talked about spina bifida or wheelchairs or any of these things...It simple isn't something that comes up or that I ever think about at all.

But now that we're living together his challenges are becoming more and more obvious to me and I'n starting to register hey I'm about to marry someone with a disability and even though "diapers" and whatever else may not be a big deal to me that does't mean that it isn't a big deal to him...I wish there was a guidebook on how to navigate marrying someone in a wheelchair lol. Lol well there's no guidebook because everyone is so different xD I'm in a chair and don't use diapers or any catheters at all... OTOH, I'm on a ventilator all day, so people have to deal with that aspect of "me."

It might help to remember he spent his whole life thinking, and most likely experiencing, "if anyone found out about this, they'd make fun of me or be grossed out." Do you have anything like that in your life? (It could be any insecurity you have... Maybe you bite your nails, pop pimples. Or periods, a bad leak got on your pants one day. Or something about your personality.) It's a little worse because we can't change or get away from it. *We* may have come to terms with it but haven't always seen *anyone else* do so (family and anyone in medicine excluded) -- in the worst case, we haven't seen *anyone at all* accept it, but everyone make fun of it! It's very scary to have that thrown in your face one day, and it's hard to talk about, but that doesn't mean you should avoid the topics.

I may be off base or overstepping, but it sounds like you guys need to have a more in-depth, yet broad, discussion about his disability. You should know what kind of diapers he needs, if one day he runs out (like if he needed to buy pads for you one day). What he looks for in a wheelchair and other tools. What makes his day-to-day life easier, how he'd like you to respond to any ableist comments you're bound to get over the years. Or, well, anything you haven't discussed yet :) And if it were me, I'd encourage you to add in your side, too: what you would like day-to-day, anything you'd like him to know, things you'd need done if XYZ happens. It's great you've accepted all this, but you need to *talk* about it, too. 