How long does insurance approval typically take? I'm currently getting a TiLite through the world's slowest vendor.  I was warned ahead of time that they are very slow, but they were the only vendor in my state that sells TiLites and works with my insurance.
I've been dealing with them since mid August, and the chair still hasn't been ordered.  I just sent them the letter of justification on Friday (which I had to write myself after waiting a month for theirs).  My rep said she would push it through to insurance immediately.
In your experience, how long does it take for insurance to get back about an approval?  I can't get a straight answer from RehabCo, and I know I'll have to call them for the approval, like every other step of the way. Oh, months. I started the process of getting a new (electric) chair in May and insurance still hasn't approved it yet. This is a little on the extreme side, but seriously, waiting several months is not uncommon.

Squeaky wheel gets the grease, as they say. Keep hounding them about it and it might go faster :) A long fking time, 9 months for me. five or six months If you don't count all the mishaps I ran into (which resulted in me waiting four years), it still took close to a year or so. This was more because of my vendor than insurance though. I think I got my approval/denial within two months of all paperwork being submitted. The appeal process increased that period though. It took me 2 weeks. The process before that, however, took 9 months. This is about 5 months of several missent referrals/reams of paperwork and people dropping the ball when there was no reply back, or a confused reply, then a month of waiting for a PM&R appointment for assessment, and then 3 more months of people forgetting to send stuff, forgetting to send stuff in the correct way after they hadn't sent it the correct way the first time, and not answering my phone calls. The actual process of insurance rubber-stamping after they received everything--2 weeks.

Yes, you may have to nanny people every step of the way and play phone tag and he-said-she-said a lot. It's infuriating and exhausting but it's necessary. I just set myself a schedule for when I need to call people if I'm not getting reasonable feedback about stuff moving along, try to be polite, and then try to a complainy customer if things aren't going the way they should, even though I hate it.  From my first time in the clinic to when I'm getting the chair, it will be about nine months. I expected a wait, but not this long. Approval itself was only maybe a month though 