We are a startup creating secondary chairs for the outdoors, and we're here to listen, not advertise. Any help would be greatly appreciated! Hello r/wheelchairs,

We are a new startup creating a secondary, leverage-powered manual chair designed to help riders easily reach their favorite outdoor places. We're not here to convince or sell, but to listen. Any advice, feedback, suggestions and thoughts would be a massive help!

Have you ever considered a secondary chair for the outdoors? Why or why not? I'm bothered by how many specialised outdoor chairs- beach, snow, and whatnot- can't be moved or steered by me from my seat, and rely on someone to push. As a manual chair user, being able to turn my wheels is important for reasons of both independence and exercise. So for me to consider one, it'd really need to one I can control on my own. I would love one but I simply can't afford it. 

If money weren't an obstacle, I'd worry about it fitting in my car with my street chair (since I likely would need it on outdoorsy trips), and how I'd repair it when I'm out and about. 

Because money is a problem, it'd be cool to be able to rent them.  Thanks so much for the feedback. Cost has come up often as a big reason for not considering. Renting is a great idea! What price point do you feel would help you consider? Do you feel price and portability are the biggest obstacles? Price, portability, and accessibility. By that, I mean I'm fat and a lot of chairs don't accommodate width or weight. I can fit in a standard chair (my TiLite's 265lb wt limit is fine), but some of my fabulous fat crip friends have a hard time getting chairs to fit. 

For a price point, I would consider $500 affordable, $600 would have to have innovative ideas to sway me, and $700 would have to really blow me away with style and function, because it's not very affordable to me but I really want one. (I know that was a wordy answer.) We're okay with wordy answers! It's very helpful. The rental option is really interesting. What activities do you think you'd be most likely to rent one for? Do you feel like there's a gap between simple manual chairs and extreme sports chairs without many options? i'm thinking hiking trails at state parks... i bet there's more fun things to do, but my chair's features can sometimes be the obstacle more than my strength/ability to push somewhere.

there's definitely a gap between street/everyday chairs and sports chairs... my everyday chair is more about being lightweight and easy to maneuver on boring terrain (indoors, sidewalks, pavement). my tire tread isn't very exciting, and i've got very small casters, so i can turn on a dime. a freewheel alone would make a huge difference in that department, but those things run what i'd spend on a used chair, so it's out of reach right now. (my insurance sucks. i have to buy my chairs with cash, so i tend to go used and then personalize them because they're cheaper.) a freewheel doesn't help with the tire tread issue, either.

fwiw: i'm not a complete para. i can stand and walk short distances, and use a chair for anything that's more than point A to point B inside my ground level home. i stand to lift my chair into/out of the back of my car, and i know that gives me a different POV. people who have more limited mobility than me may have other concerns i can't speak about. :) Duly noted - Thanks so much for taking the time to respond, they're a big help! Anything else you'd like us to keep in mind?  i think that's all i can think of for now. thanks so much-- can't wait to see your designs :) 