Alternatives to a Permobil M300 Hi everyone,

I'm suffering from Cauda Equina Syndrome and looking into the Permobil M300 Corpus 3G as the chair to get me back into 'the real world', even if it won't get me back to work. However, the funding body I'm using are trying to get me to get a cheaper alternative. I need TIS + recline, power legs are almost a 'need' but a very big 'want', and must have headrest plus mid or rear wheel drive as recline while driving causes horrible sway in front wheel drive chairs. I've looked at the Invacare TDX but found it isn't suitable - can you recommend anything that might be cheaper than Permobil but do the job? I'm 6'3" (~188cm) or so post-surgery and 85-95kg depending on how my diet + guts are doing. 

Thankyou! There's not much that is comparable to a Permobil.   You can always check out the Q6 Edge from Pride though.  They are great chairs but they are not as reliable as the Permobil.  A Quickie S-636 is another solid option. I absolutely hate the TDX.   As a dealer my go to power wheelchair(PWC) is the Pride Q6 Edge. They area very good chair overall. I would look into the new seating system they have. It's called Tru-Balance 3. The Q6 Edge is getting much better in terms of reliability and the price is half that of a permobil. Try this, should work. http://www.headstonesusa.com/

You keep using faglish so try this 

http://www.handcraftedmemorial.co.uk/

 thanks - really appreciate the options given and trying to look at them this week. certainly dealing with their dealers has been a horrible experience compared to dealing with Permobil, so I'm inclined to go with the M300 still! > Pride Q6 Edge.

Honestly, I've tried to evaluate this chair but the dealers in Australia (Aidacare) are uninterested unless my OT calls up - private sales don't interest them and the people who answer the phone are rude and abrasive. I've been told they'll call back 4 times, but no-one ever calls. Unfortunately Pride's 'rehab' line of chairs isn't widely available where I live, despite having 20 dealers within a ~30mile radius. Offering a cripple a gravestone? How mature. I'm pretty certain that you could improve your experience of life with a little less abusing of people.

For the record, I don't live in England or the United States. I would try calling Pride direct. They never turn down money. http://i.imgur.com/RMACK6E.gif NSFW! 