Wheelchairs and Camping - Question Professionally, I work to try to re-introduce people to outdoor fun and recreation. One of the main hobbies that we share with folks is camping. We have been very successful at sharing the sport, but we're looking to become more accessible. 

I'm looking for tent options for families that have a member that relies on a wheel chair for mobility. The tent we currently use is a REI kingdom 6. These tents are spacious and great, but they have a "bathtub floor" which creates a lip of fabric a few inches off the ground. It helps keep moisture out when it rains. In searching for accessible tents, I find a Eureka model that is out of production and an Oz tent that still seems to have a lip. Instead I'm hoping to find a way to adapt our existing equipment to accommodate a chair until transferring to a cot or the ground. One thing that the Oz tent does seem to have is a reinforced floor. 

I believe we will be able to hold the "bathtub floor lip" down utilizing a type of mat to bridge the entrance.  What I'm wondering is if any users of powered wheel chairs have been tent camping and if this has been successful with assistance of another camper to lay the mat down for entry and take it up again to close up the door for the night. Also, would powered chairs, and the quick turn nature of the wheels, destroy tent floors which isn't much more than a tarp? If that is likely, do you have a recommendation for a mat that might be used in a tent to prevent this damage? 

Thanks in advance!  Interesting question! I haven’t actually tried power chair in tent, but my intuition—from experience with power chair, and having used manual chair in tent—is that you’d need to lay a mat of sorts down in the tent too. The turning of the power chair wheels is probably going to twist and pull on the thin tent floor.

What about a floorless tent? Like the one at the top of this article for example: https://www.backcountry.com/explore/tent-alternatives . Could set up mats in there pretty easy, and no problems with a doorway lip... Might also be taller too, which is another issue. If you can't find a tent that fits your needs, I would be interested in helping you alter the Kingdom 6. I am familiar with this tent and I think that just putting a mat over the zipper would cause damage to the zipper or fabric eventually. I'm in the beginning stages of starting a sewing business that specializes in adaptive outdoor gear and this sounds like it could be an interesting project. Shoot me a message if you are interested in collaborating! I would definitely lay some flooring down as the fabric of any tent floor bathtub bottom or otherwise will shift and possibly rip under the friction of the chair. The best suggestion I've got would be the foam puzzle flooring pieces aimed at playrooms for kids (and I believe yoga?) they come in a variety of colors and provide enough padding to make a world of difference.

I have also had success using a 10' straight-leg pop-up and [this thing](http://a.co/d/9O3jq5b) which turns it into a 10'x10' tent (they also make them for 12'). You can connect multiples together pretty simply and the threshold is low and wide enough to put a mat over and prevent any catching.

For those whose chairs might not make the trek, there's also a company called [Whirlwind](https://whirlwindwheelchair.org) that makes folding off-road wheelchairs with a few size options and more readily sourceable parts for about $900. It's not necessarily an option for everyone, but it may be for some.

Hope there was some useful info somewhere in there, good luck! Thanks! Our customers are very much first-timers, and the bugs down here in Texas can be pretty tough to handle. I don't believe we'd be doing the customer justice to ask them to sleep under a tarp and poles while their neighbors in the same program have walls, but I appreciate the thought you've invested. The floor mats are likely a necessity. I'm thinking the type used by dishwashers in restaurants... 1/2" thick, rubber, non slip, with 1 quarter sized holes. They could be used for the person to transfer to the cot, and then rolled up to provide sleep space for the other occupants... mostly brainstorming over here...  Agree 100% that powerchairs need a mat over the tent floor, or it will easily get destroyed and twisted up in the wheels.  A heavy duty truck bed type rubber mat would work.

 