I need suggestions for an ultralight wheelchair I have Emery Dreifuss Muscular Dystrophy and am in need of a manual ultralight wheelchair. I mainly need it for while I'm at work and when I need to run errands without my husband so it needs to be light enough and portable enough for me to get in and out of the car by myself. 

I can still walk, but need assistance and do not use a chair when I'm at home. I'd like to use a manual chair when out and about so I can try to stay as active as I can for as long as possible. 

I am currently using a folding manual chair on loan from my medical insurance for those times when we go somewhere that requires a lot of walking, but it's way too heavy and unwieldy for me to manage by myself. 

Any suggestions are greatly appreciated! TiLite: you get what you pay for

http://www.tilite.com/chairs_tr.php
Full titanium and travel weight is 9.3lbs.

what im in currently: http://www.tilite.com/chairs_tra.php I'm gonna join the TiLite circlejerk, because it's well-earned. ZRA2 is the best chair I've ever owned. I second Ti-lite. Their rigid frames are amazing and weigh as little as 9lbs (plus the average 7lbs for the wheels). I'm quite similar to you, I can walk short distances and use my wheelchair for getting around university and whatnot. I have a ZR and I love it. It is so light when getting it out of my vehicle but I also have a SUV, meaning I don't have to take the wheels off. If you want to stick with a folding wheelchair for ease of transportation, I've heard great things about the Ti-lite TX. I will concur with the others about Tilite. However, also look into a rigid chair from Ki Mobility.   They are a better price so you may not have to pay as much out of pocket, depending on your insurance.    Just make sure whomever works with you/measures you for your chair is a licensed ATP and works for a good company. I have seen way to many people get screwed over by a bad provider.  I'm gonna add another vote for TiLite. I had two different chairs from Colours before the TiLite TR. My insurance covered it like normal, 80/20, even with full titanium upgrades. I love this chair. It's maneuvers so effortlessly, easy to get into the car, it looks sharp as a tack, and I really dig how they've attached the front casters. Oh, and they're putting LEDs on the front of the chair as a flashlight system this year, super cool.

I will say they skimp on bearings. I wish these guys would start using top end German or Swiss ceramics. I'm looking at $140 upgrade to ceramics as soon as I can. I'm also planning on having this chair for a very long time. I can add my vote for TiLite also.  When I went from the standard Invacare type chair to my first one it was like night and day.  The customer service is really helpful also I've found.   

I can also agree with the comments about the bearings--it's a constant problem, particularly with the front wheels.  I'm going to second this. I just got a TiLite about a year ago, and it's been a huge improvement even over my previous ultralight: I can lift it up into my car with just one hand!

Due to US insurance oftentimes not covering higher end chairs, I ended up getting an AeroZ (which is the aluminum version of the ZRA), which they DO cover, and did the optional upgrade to titanium (which I had to pay out of pocket). For some silly reason, they wouldn't let me straight up order a ZRA and just cover up to what they would have for the AeroZ. Thank you all for your help! This whole process is a bit overwhelming, and getting feedback from actual users will help me narrow down my options. I truly appreciate it. 7lbs?? ha if your a millionaire you can get the full carbon fiber spinergys, 1.45lbs! Can you provide a link to the bearings?  My first TiLite TR with the LED's should arrive in a few weeks!! Look into the cheaper spinergys, the make a huge diff, i think mine were around 750 a piece. http://www.spinergy.com/store?f%5B0%5D=field_brand%3A43&f%5B1%5D=field_product%253Afield_tags%3A110 If you need more help on anything (models or folding vs rigid) let me know. I don't have a ton of experience, but I was in a folding 'ultralight' Quickie during my teenage years (I will never go back to folding myself, but everyone needs something different) so I kinda know what to look for and what to stay away from. I was just going by the *average* weight (I personally do have the spingergys, but I also prefer solid tires). I've never heard of these solid tires, please educate me.  The tires are just solid rubber instead of filled with air. I think pretty much every company will give you the option of pneumatic or solid tires. They are heavier and make for a slightly rougher ride as you don't get the cushioning of the air. Plus they suck in the snow (though regular tires don't do much better). BUUUT you don't have to worry about them going flat, holes, etc. 