Lightweight manual wheelchair options Does anyone have experience/thoughts about a Breezy versus a Karman ultra lightweight wheelchair for a long term, but only occasional user (chronic endurance, joint and pain issues)?  Thanks for any input... Can I ask what aspects, in particular, are you looking to compare? Is this your first chair? Does it have to be Breezy and Karman or are there other makes/models that might be suitable. Is there a fixed budget? When you say "manual" do you mean that you will be pushing it, or will there be someone pushing from behind? What are your requirements - fixed v folding, as is v add-ons, as-is v customisability, as v adjustability. It would help if there you could provide a bit more information about your needs. I've had both and prefer the Breezy.   The Karman is nice and lightweight.  Folds up really small which is great.  But the wheels on the one I have are too far back with no way to move them forward.   That means that I didn't get much forward momentum per push.  More importantly it tends to tip forward and if I leaned to pick something up off the floor either in front of or next to me I'd end up kicking the rear wheels out backwards causing the chair to tip forward and would end up on the floor myself.  And it would happen so fast that I couldn't react to it.       It also has really skinny wheels which are awful in rough terrain or in snow.  Bottom line is the Karman scares me.  If you got one that was more stable it would be a great chair.   I forgot to add that my favorite chair is a TiLite aero x.  Love it.  It's darn near bulletproof.   The one I have now has been on well over 100 flights in the last two years and it's only had minor damage.   If you are paying out of pocket and you know what you want and have all the correct measurements, look into buying online.  I usually save a ton of money doing that--usually between 40 and 50% of buying from a medical supply place.    My insurance will only pay for the big clunky chairs which I don't want.   I am looking for ultra lightweight, foldable with quick release wheels, decent comfort and adjustability in the seating system (I.e. Seat cushion, Seat height, armrest height, backrest height etc), self propellable with pneumatic or semi-pneumatic tires.  Basically, my 16 year old daughter will use it for prolonged mobility or when her hypermobile joints give her trouble.  I am thinking it will have to be out of pocket, and without needing a custom seating package; durability, portability, maneuverability, appearance, adjustability and comfort are my priorities.  After researching, I am particularly interested in these 2 brands, but welcome other input.  We don't want the standard or institutional looking clunkers.  Thank you. I am very familiar with the Quickie line, but have been out of the seating assessment arena for the last 16 years, so am not as familiar with Karman.   Thank you!  You make a good point about the wheels especially!  Between your and other responses, I think we've made the best decision now😊 That is exactly the kind of info I was hoping for-thank you so much for taking time to respond and help us out! Wow. You do seem to know what you want and it makes me wonder whether the choice will come down to either little things - such as being able to adjust the position of the big wheels - or it might come down to what maintenance and support options there are in your area.

When getting my current chair, the final decision came down to what makes and models my local disability shop stocked and supported, particularly supported. Yes, I could have any wheels or tires/tyres that I wanted, but I went with the wheels and tyres that my local shop kept in stock and knew how to work with. Nobody wants a lemon, but if it takes 3 weeks to get replacement tyres for your Breezy/Karman, then what are you going to do? On the other hand, if a tyre can be replaced the next day, it's a much better situation. you dont want karman then, we've supplied both at my company the breezy is better. you actually cannot use positioning and skin protection cushions effectively on a karman base unless the mesh is removed 