What do you like and dislike about your wheelchairs? In an ideal world, what would they be able to do for you? Clarification: I'm asking because for my group project we are designing an electric wheelchair, and we would like to tailor it to meet wheelchair users' needs - in other words, we want to try and eliminate existing limitations as well as add functions that would be beneficial. This kind of question gets asked very frequently in this subreddit. You might want to have a look through those posts. One thing I think is missing in the power chair market is a power chair aimed for sort of...mid-level functionality. Power chairs are designed to be compatible with maximal need conditions. Very fine tuned joy stick driving (pro: can be calibrated for users with low motor skills; con: FRAGILE). Also seating options seem to assume trunk immobility. It’s actually HARD to set up a power chair seating system with minimal back support and for someone who wants to sit up actively. The base designs seem to assume slightly reclining angles!

In the meantime, there are plenty of borderline manual chair users, who maybe have some weakness, or are developing shoulder injuries, if maybe just live in hilly terrain. There are few appropriate power chair options for these users. Seatbases and options are all extreme overkill, power chairs unlike manual chairs aren’t designed well for transferring (too tall, generally ally), and robustness is thrown out the window. It would be great to see an entry into this market! Mine is always breaking down in the dumbest places: elevators, crosswalks, in unexpected rain. For some reason, power joystick wheelchairs with an option for self-propulsion are rare in the United States. I can’t make it very far in a manual chair but I would like a better option for getting out of a dangerous situation (like a crosswalk) other than screaming for help. I think some method of self-propulsion should be available, some of us don’t even have aids, you know. Why are these questions always super vague? >_>

Your best bet is probably something along the lines of integrating technology with the chair: USB, bluetooth, phone mounting, alternate ways to access phones or tablets... I've seen some people asking if they can use their joystick as a "mouse," both on phones and PC. So, basically, anything linking the two even a little would be welcome, afaik.

Practically speaking, the biggest barriers of electric chairs are affordability and transportability, followed by durability/reliability. It would be nice for many people to have all three, since it seems like a "pick two" thing still.

Personally speaking, something like "open sourcing" the chair's programming would be ace for some users. The current standard is to close the programming of a chair so the user can't change, for example, how sensitive the joystick turns. While I understand the reasoning behind this (idiot proofing), it is a frustration for many people to have to rely on a company who doesn't care much to change the basics of their only method of mobility. Ok I'll reply. For a manual wheelchair to be useful in my circumstances and probably a few more would be  transport ability.
 Mostly because of us that are unable to afford a wheelchair van we still have to go outside of the house. 
 Another viable idea is that the wheelchair could make a full day without having to figure out how far do I have before I run out.
 Comfort, dependability, longevity, then looks. Hopefully these will help you.  inho, the holy grail is climbing stairs universally. Many climbers are limited to what range of rise and run they can handle. 

usb output should be standard at this point. So much, this. I’m tired of every engineering class group project reinventing the same wheelchair designs and then never doing anything with it. 

Oh right! I wrote a blog post about this. https://sci-bc.ca/wheeled-mobility/

Best of luck with your project, OP.  >  Seatbases and options are all extreme overkill, power chairs unlike manual chairs aren’t designed well for transferring (too tall, generally)

Agreed!

It's a common complaint even from people who can't/don't transfer that powerchairs are too high nowadays. I think they've risen over an inch in the last few years, at the least. People are having trouble fitting under desks or tables. The front wheels of my chair are higher and wider than my last chair, which is a bit annoying in some respects, and it came with an absurdly long, wide footrest that made maneuvering a bitch (I had to ask a neighbor to steel cut it, since the company just said "oh well"). For some reason this one has more things that stick out, like bolts and "wheel protectors," which get caught on things, too...

So yeah the designs could be improved. I second this. I avoid power chairs at great effort, simply because they’re somewhat unreliable and you’re SO stuck if they break. Combing electric power with manual options increases robustness and create so many more options. >When what you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.  
>  
>When what you have is 3D printer, you’ll think EVERYTHING needs to be 3D printed.  
>  
>How many 3D printed wheelchairs have you ever encountered? I’m guessing none.

Brilliant essay, joelynlt, thank you so much. Any theories as to why height hero’s rising? Have you tried any of the power assist options for manual chairs like smartdrive or emotion wheels or the Batec scooter? Thanks. I really fault the industrial designers. At least the engineering students are doing it to learn something and mean well. It’s just an endless merry go round - every fall we get requests for input and every year the concepts are pretty similar.  No real ones. If you ask the technicians, you'd probably get a vague "the technology requires it." For example: in most models that offer it, the elevate feature requires an extra inch, but I can confirm it was an inch lower with the same modification on *very* similar models. I noticed the [joystick\(s\)](http://www.cw-industrialgroup.com/Products/Mobility-Vehicle-Solutions/R-net) randomly got a couple inches added onto the length, too, for what seems to me an inferior product (opinions could easily differ). Or... Maybe they're sacrificing height for width, turning radius, and/or ride suspension? Because that has all improved a bit, technically.

Overall, I would say it has to do with a combination of the changes in "complexity" of the electronics and features, and the materials used. Those changes can be good, or they can be bad. It's kind of a crapshoot based on the user, although it seems like they do need more test groups before selling them. Yes! I almost wrote another paragraph rambling on about “maybe what I’m describing is just the power assist market, BUT WHAT IF”... but I got lazy. :-p

Thanks for mentioning the Batec scooter! Hadn’t heard of that one! It’s very popular here where there’s a lot of hills and outdoors to play in. Very expensive though. I have first gen RioMobility Dragonfly (the handcycle version) and the newer powered versions have improved a ton and are well priced, but designed for flat, urban areas).

I have a friend who customized her permobil power chair so much it looks like a manual. Lower back, very minimal armrests, minimal leg rests... it is possible, but I still think if you can do it, manual with power assist is better. 