Questions About Positioning Belts I have an elderly relative with left side paralysis. She needs some help staying upright and aligned in her wheelchair. I think she's trying to adjust position and ends up pushing up her right hip which makes her upper body lean to the left.

Would positioning belts be the solution to this? Any recommendations?


*** Update September 27, 2018: For anyone having a similar issue, we ended up using a neck roll pillow tucked vertically between her left side and the wheelchair (in the corner). That solved the issue. What kind of chair is she using? That will help determine what can be used.

It sounds like she might have a pronounced curvature of the spine. Can she sit up right without her hip flexing? When she lays down is she curved slightly? If her curvature is fixed it requires different care than if it is flexible.

A pelvic positioning belt might be a good start but you would want to look at a cushion first, then torso support. I would say that she only has a mild dowager's hump. She starts off upright but somehow moves a lot in her wheelchair. I really think she's just trying to get comfortable but she can only adjust her right side so she ends up leaning and putting a lot of pressure on her left side.

She has a Dalton wheelchair and she's using a Jay 2 cushion.

Also, thank you so much for answering, I appreciate it very much. Okay. I sounds like she is still in good shape. What I would recommend is a deep or mid contour back rest. Something with a moderate well and some side support. This will allow her to pressure relieve but will help keep her torso upright. I am a big fan of the Jay3 back as it is light and easy to adjust.  

I would avoid a belt for her as they can cause pressure issues. Thanks, I'm going to check out the Jay3.

Also, thanks for the information about pressure issues, I had no idea. Is there someplace to learn more about basic wheelchair information in case the back rest doesn't work? It would be best to find a local Assistive Technology Professional to talk to.  If you search for RESNA and do a search on their website, you can get a list of ATPs. It takes a good amount of studying to start to understanding seating issues.  