New user, any tips please Hey I'm 28 years old and just ordered my first chair (a cheapo Drive Blue Streak from Amazon). This is after 18 months of increasing chronic back pain and recently finding out that I have spinal stenosis, herniated discs, and psoriatic arthritis in my thoracic and lumbar spine. It took a completely ruined concert experience (long wait in line for will-call, no place to sit inside, cane use providing little/no relief, even with pain meds spent the whole opener near tears, went home early) to prompt me to take the leap and order a chair for intermittent use. So, I'm open to suggestions/ guidance/ support. I've learned quite a bit already from others' posts and look forward to sharing experiences on here.  Get a good 4 chamber gel pad, especially as your back is an issue.  Depends on how you're thinking of using the chair- personal preference, I'd never have anti-tips, because needing to get up curbs is a major thing for me. 

Buy a good pair of wheelchair gloves- I use leather fingerless ones, and consider if you need to attach anything to your chair, bottle holder etc. Thank you, I will look for one! I'm sure Amazon has them, they have everything. I imagine I will need to navigate up and off curbs etc. How does one learn to do that? Is that something a physical therapist will help with or do you learn on your own?

I did buy a pair of weight lifting gloves that I hope will work for this purpose. I will look into a cup holder. Thank you! I have a couple of pair of open gloves designed for weightlifters. They have the strap around the wrist that I can adjust based on how things are feeling. I've had leather ones and fabric ones, but the big thing for me is that they have good padding along with enough length in the finger before they become "fingerless." And for me, at least, the strap has to be broad.   


I also have battery operated lights that I have affixed to my wheels (the kinds that run on those flat, round batteries). They're usually used for decorating, but when I go out, it DEFINITELY helps people see me, as I'm a much lower profile than normal eyelines, and I want to be seen. At the holidays, people tend to think I've decorated for the time of year, but it's a year-round thing for me. I got mine from amazon.  You could talk to your physio, and they might just teach you or refer you to someone you can teach you like, a mobility rehab person or something. I taught myself, and I fell a lot, but honestly it is the most useful thing you can learn. Is there anti-tips on your model? You might wanna consider not having them. 

And yeah, good call - good luck with your new wheels :)  