How do I mount a portable oxygen concentrator to a power chair? I cannot figure out how this can be an unusual problem... but I can find nothing pointing to a solution.

My partner has emphysema. She uses supplemental oxygen, but even with that she can walk only ten to twelve feet without growing winded. When away from home she uses a SimplyGo portable oxygen concentrator. When we go somewhere in the car, we bring a mobility scooter, and she sets the SimplyGo between her feet.

She has a good power chair (Pulse 6). There is no way to take that in our car, but it would be much better than the scooter for her to take to places within a mile or two of home. However, I cannot figure out how to mount the portable oxygen concentrator to the power chair.

Surely there must be many people who need a power chair *and* a portable oxygen concentrator. How do you make it work? [deleted] The most frequent thing I've seen is people using the designed carrier bags (so the machine gets fresh air) to hang them on the back. Can you hang the bag in back from the push handles? If she has a captain's chair with a car style headrest, get some [headrest hooks](https://www.amazon.com/Rubbermaid-3357-00-Double-Headrest-Hook/dp/B01DWPDHJ0) and hang it from there. Should allow airflow. Thanks. I haven’t written them, but we have looked on the web for available accessories for both the oxygen concentrator and the power chair. No one seems to have addressed this problem.

I almost got a handlebar mount bicycle basket, thinking I could attach that to one of the crossbars in the back... but the more I looked at it, the more it looked like it wouldn’t work, at least not for someone like me who has only ordinary hand tools with which to work. Thanks. I was hesitant to do that -- wondering if the rings/straps on the bag were really meant to handle the stress of holding the full weight of the device (rather than just being an extra support when it’s carried by its handle)—but apparently it is OK to use the bag that way. I was concerned about the strength of the bag... but I gather they are able to withstand being used that way. I’m going to attempt something like you suggested. Most of the portable concentrators bags from the manufacturer and 3rd party are built to be shoulder strap carried. My grandmother uses an Inorgen 3, and she strictly carries it with the shoulder strap. The big things are to make sure the bag is for your particular model and to make sure nothing else will limit the air flow to the breathable section of the bag, like an ostomy bag or the chair itself. 