I've been having short term memory loss lately. Is this a symptom of the disorder, or is it something else I should be worried about? Not looking for medical advice, just wanting to know if this is ADHD related. 

I'll have moments where i'll need to look something up online, and by the time I open my browser, I'm at a loss. 

Someone can tell me their name, and within a seconds i'll forget. 

There's others moments but I can't think of them. It becomes really frustrating. Especially because I always tend to think others catch on to these moments that I'm having. People must think I'm an idiot at times. 

Edit: Thank you all for the responses. Some really insightful stuff here.  I'm not sure if it's ADHD-related. I think that it is, since your mind jumps from thing to thing, and little things like where you put your keys or what you wanted to look up, they can get lost. I know I definitely struggle with this. I will think "hey I should look up that thing" and I end up sitting there confused with my phone in my hand.

Also, fuck what other people think. The other day I was in the kitchen making some food, and I remembered I forgot something. I went back to my bedroom, opened the closet door and stared inside for a few moments totally lost. 

Then I remembered... I went back in there because I forgot to take my meds! XD I think it can be, but others have pointed out, why is this happening now? It might be worth having checked out. In my case, though, I do find that I have more short-term memory problems when I let myself get cluttered with tasks that I haven't written down to get them out of my head--also when I'm not getting enough sleep. Things like this happen to me all the time, but what concerns me about your post is the "lately" part. ADHD is kind of a lifelong type of thing so you'd be pretty familiar with how your brain works. If this has only started recently, or if it has gotten worse to the point that you've taken notice, it may be something else. In that case, I'd mention it to your doctor. Yes, it can be.  Read/watch Russell Barkley talk about executive function.  Working memory (short term) is an executive function.  The last few years I thought I was going senile, my memory has gotten so bad.  Vyvanse helps, along with all the other adhd stuff.   If you are a women is the timing related to your period? Yes exactly. Moments like that!  Hmm the sleep could be a factor I guess that I didn't think of. But yeah I apologize. I didn't word it properly. You see it comes and goes. Sometimes it's not as bad as others. Lately it just have been worse than usual.  Wait no sorry I should have worded that more properly. It's an issue I've had since long before but it's just sometimes not at all this bad. It's the type of thing that sort of comes and goes. Sometimes it gets really bad and sometimes it's not that bad. Just lately it has been.  Thanks. I'll definitely be sure to check him out. It's nice to hear i'm not the only one going through it.  Guy here, but mind explaining where you were going with that, in case a girl reads this post.  Is there anything else going on in your life right now? You don't have to tell us, but take it into account. A lot of times, these types of behaviors may become worse if your brain is overwhelmed with other concerns, even if you're not consciously thinking about them. I think this happens especially with ADHD+anxiety types.  Oh definitely. So much stuff. School stress, work stress, and finances. Plus an diagnosed with general anxiety as well. So I suppose that could all have something to do with it.  Yes, definitely. I'm anxiety diagnosed (though have opted against medicating for now), and that stuff definitely acts up much worse under stress.  