A moment of silence for the myth of the electronic calendars being superior to the paper calendars I'm gathering some info for myself.. and decided to switch what calendar certain events were on from the beginning of this year.

I wanted to double check something and I'm noticing now my edited calendar entries are gone.

This is not awesome.

Edit: something's up.. I can see them from a desktop browser.. double ugh but yay too!! On the bright side, you managed to put the entries in in the first place!

I respect and admire this ability. My agendas float around after the first week of their use. Or, I will meaningfully write entries in front of people, and then forget I ever put anything in there (as the agenda floats back into the void from which it came).
Meanwhile, I will put reminders in my phone calendar, and then never dismiss them. I accumulated like 20+ undone "events" that I saw but never dismissed.  Paper all day every day. At the start of the week I add all my appointments from my outlook one to paper (my assistant makes them for me lol). Electronic is constant fail. Since my Dx and listening to Dr. Barkley I've kept a paper notebook. It'll have all my daily tasks in there and appointments. I still use electronic reminders, but they're duplicates of what's in my notebook I started keeping a paper planner a few weeks ago and it’s amazing. I bring it everywhere with me and I am no longer scheduling one appointment on top of the other like i used to when i use my phone.  I do paper and digital calendars and I “sync” them both but frequently. Usually I put things in my Google calendar app first. When I’m setting up my bullet journal for the month, I check for important dates there and transfer to my monthly calendar pages.  Then I write it down again on my daily pages. The repetition is useful for remembering appointments and due dates. Sometimes the process happens in reverse and if possible I put things in both formats at the same time. It’s extra work to do it this way but keeps me on top of things. The analog version is better for my brain than the app but I like having the info “backed up” and easy to reference on the go.  If it's not written down in my own handwriting, it's not going to get done. I used my outlook calendar a lot when i had an office job, but otherwise I don't look at my phone calendar very often (and I don't like the display anyway). It’s a setting you need to change.  I am the type of person who can make an appointment to get my hair cut in the morning, then forget in the afternoon by the time I should go there. Only an electronic calendar can remind me 5 min earlier. So, for me, electronic is superior.  *bows head* Man, the thing about the phone calendar is so relatable. I’ve tried so many times to use notes and reminders on my phone to remember to get things done, and then I either don’t do them or don’t mark them as done. I recently tried to use Siri more to put reminders in as I think of them, but it made the whole notification cycle so much worse (I get major anxiety from notifications on my phone). It’s an endless cycle. 🙄 Oh, I have all that too.. 

Thanks for the silver lining! I'm a paper fan myself! Electronic is great for a big "at a glance" at work, but paper keeps me focused on today so much better  Me too. I need both. I love paper and writing and writing on paper helps me remember much more. But I can't keep paper organized and will lose things if I use it for notes. 

I need to put it in my google calendar first right away. Then, when I get home, I have to put it on my large, paper, wall calendar. 

There's no way I could use just one. I need the various digital reminders especially the ones that tell me when I leave. And I need to physically write things down for them to feel "solid" in my head. I looked at the settings, changed a few.. synced it a couple times.. downloaded a different calendar app..

The entries showed up later that day.

Turns out I'm impatient, whaddyakno??

Thanks, though! (. _ . ) YES! another paper OG lol. It is nice that it is there, tangible and you can draw on it, cross things, put arrows in, etc. 
 I arrow and bold and underline so much! It's satisfying to cross items off too, instead of just hitting a check mark or deleting 