Day Planning and ADHD A friend of mine gifted me a really nice day planner for my birthday. I've tried them before and I always forget to use them or.. misplace them. It's been a few years and I've gotten a bit better at establishing routines (sometimes) and I'm thinking about giving it another shot. Rather, I've come to understand the importance of routines to manage y day even though I suck at them so I'm trying to give myself another push in that direction.

Right now my method for "getting things done" is:

1) Find a way to block distractions (browser extensions, special apps that remind me to not look at my phone, etc).

2) Keep my important mail on my bed so I have to sleep on it if I don't read it.

3) Handle everything giving me anxiety first (I tend to ignore important things until it becomes and emergency).

So, you know, there has got to be a better way. How do you prioritize your life and what things do you do to stay productive (in the way that you're supposed to be).

TL;DR Has anyone had success using a day planner? Regardless of your answer to that question: how do you prioritize all of the things in life? I got weirdly hyper focused on planners for awhile. If you go on YouTube and search “plan with me” videos, it’s super long videos of people just filling out/decorating their planners. I bought stickers, markers, post-it’s, washi tape, etc and that’s made it more fun! 

I kinda just write down everything I need to do that week, then split it up into different days. After watching the videos on YouTube I learn d a bunch of different ways to fill out my planner! I'll preface with the fact that I'm a student, so our daily routines and obligations may be very different. I use a combination of a daily planner and multiple white boards, along with browser extensions and mobile apps to stay organized. I also try to have dedicated spaces for certain things (ex: I only sit at my desk with my laptop when I do homework, and only sit on my bed with my laptop when I'm BSing) that way those spaces are associated with their respective activities.
I wrote up a pretty extensive list of how I keep organized a couple weeks ago that could be tweaked for someone who is just working and trying to organize their home life. I hope it helps!
https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/80xpmr/time_management_organization_skills_for_adhd/ I’ve just started using a bullet journal. Have you seen them? Search for the bujo subreddit. Mind blowing. 

Seems to be working generally although I’ve misplaced it today ...! Do you actually keep up with your "due dates"? Can you please explain with examples  I also fell into this wormhole. This level of investment in the planner is what makes me use it every day. Sometimes I waste time decorating it or watching hours of planner videos, but I think it's been a net benefit bc since I started using it the number of tasks that I have completely forgotten to do/procrastinated until deadline passed has gone down. Thanks. Unfortunately I'm working, single momming and a full time student. My post above wasn't very reflective of the actual tools I use. I have a Google Calendar for almost everything - and I use the app to keep track of EVER-Y-THING. I literally have my school schedule, including the room my class is in, because my working memory is so bad that I'll sometimes forget what my class start time is on a given day or where I'm going (dunno how many times I've parked on the wrong side of campus). Lol. I use "Forest" to keep me off of my phone and I'm trying to embrace a more minimalist lifestyle to reduce the amount of "things" I have to manage in the first place.

I've truly thought about chalkboard painting a wall in my bedroom.

Thank you for sharing. I will definitely read your post. I Have a day planner and I was keeping a journal for a while. The problem is I lose it ALL THE TIME. I've straight up left them places before. I'm thinking I may need to change the way I do it and get a thin folder/notebook that I can keep in my school bag for this purpose. If I can remember to use it might help. (I guess I should mention that I’m a full time student and work part time as well lol)

So I use my planner as kind of a weekly overview and I try to keep it open on my desk. 
I also have a whiteboard calendar attached to my door, and I’ll put post-it’s with my assignments on their due dates. 
I have a “master assignment list” that I made too that has all of my assignments for the semester listed on it with their due dates and I cross them off after I do them!!

It’s really quite the system and tbh sometimes I’ll just blissfully ignore all of them and turn things in late :/ but I’ve been using it for a couple years (I’m a senior in college) and it’s helped a lot!! I would love a chalkboard wall, but knowing me, I’d get distracted drawing 😂 I use a thin notebook. For some reason the bigger something is the more likely I am to lose it This is the real truth, though. LOL. I'm the opposite. I hate the idea of carrying around something big just to bullet journal in - but I really think making it fit into my school bag the same way the rest of my things do will work best. 

I'm gonna try it. Thanks for the inspiration! 