Alternative to Beeline reader? I need to do a lot of research in the coming months, reading a lot of journals etc which is generally painful.

I tried beeline reader a couple of years ago for my kid, and now that I am studying again I feel that it could be beneficial for me. 

When I went to download it, I encountered two issues \- reviews point to it not working very well in Firefox \(my browser of choice\), and it has switched to a subscription based method.  I'd be more than happy to pop down some cash for an application, however I have an issue with subscription based services.  From what I can tell very little has changed in the addons, so I don't really believe that the subscription model is justified from a "development" point of view.  There isn't really much to update or add, unless I am missing something.

I'm looking for a tool that will help me focus through pages of plain text, I don't mind a one time cost \(as long as it's not exploitative \- up to $20 perhaps?\).  Does anyone have any suggestions? Hi, I'm the creator of BeeLine, and another BeeLine user pointed me to this thread. 

Since BeeLine became a paid product in 2015, we have added many new features to make it run faster and on more websites. When it was free, BeeLine only ran on about 60 domains—it now runs on millions, thanks to an algorithm we created to detect the proper text region. 

Due to the complexity and diversity of website types, this was a significant undertaking and we spent months building and testing. And because websites are always changing, we are constantly having to adapt to make sure BeeLine continues working well. This is why there is an ongoing cost ($2/mo at regular price, $1/mo on sale).

Lastly, we provide free access to our tools to many low-income schools through our buy-one-give-one program. BeeLine is also available for free on the Bookshare platform and the Reading Is Fundamental platform (both of which are free).

Thanks for sharing your experience and perspectives here. We have thought about doing one-time pricing, and it's something we'll continue to consider as an alternative. It probably wouldn't be $20 though, since that would be less than one year of the subscription at full price. If we can find a price that works for both users and for us, we'll definitely add this offering.

If you have further questions feel free to email contact@beelinereader.com it's easy to alter the code and reinstall it so that the trial never runs out.

Or you could just install any of the add CSS to website extensions like Stylebot and just add maybe 6 lines of CSS that does this automatically for any website. Don't have the CSS code on me but can probably get it upon request. Unfortunately RIF is both child based and US Based. 

Bookshare in my country appears to be also subscription based and even more expensive.

I can't find anywhere on your site where it gives a price.  It simply asks you to install, at which point I assume you get offered subscription models once it is on your machine.  When I am in the "individual" section of the site, the site suggests that perhaps I may be a business in search of "volume discounts".

the reviews for the addons are met with phrases such as *"Please note that if you have ADHD and autism, your school or employer  may be legally required to purchase BeeLine for you. Feel free to email  us \(via our website\) if we can be of assistance in making this happen."*, which I'm sorry, comes across as very not caring and more along the lines of "harass your already underfunded local educational authority so that we can make more money" which just feels wrong.  

It's a similar story on your website:

*"Many companies are considering adding BeeLine to their products, and the more they hear from people like you, the sooner BeeLine will be available. Scroll through the icons below and click on a platform where you’d like to see BeeLine to show your support. It just takes a minute, but it makes all the difference in the world!"*  Followed by all of the icons of big companies that beeline \(assumingly\) doesn't work on but you'd like people to harass until they do...  Of course at first glance it appears that all of those icons are products supported by beeline.

I'm sorry if it feels like this is coming across as harsh, but I don't agree with your business model.  I'm not about to make demands of establishments that are trying their best to help people and are themselves struggling cash wise, so that beeliner can make more profit.  If there is no other alternative then I'll go back printing things out and muddling along.

Whilst you are considering a one\-time pricing, perhaps you should think about your target audience and how much spare cash you feel that they have.  Students, the disabled, the disadvantaged and the struggling.  I have other family members that have disabilities, and I'm tired of every thing that "promises to make your life better!" costing way more than it needs to, most of it falling under the guise of "Just ask your local authority!"  That would be great if you could get a hold of that!  Thanks for the feedback—we appreciate candid input. 

RIF is US-based, but its literacy platform is free to all. Bookshare's DOE grant means that it is free for students with print disabilities in the US, but I think you're correct that they charge money for it in other countries. 

We have an adult-focused iOS app that is free, which is the [Read Across The Aisle](http://www.readacrosstheaisle.com) app. This is a news reader tool that includes Beeline functionality and is free for anyone to use. The regular BeeLine iOS app also has significant free functionality, including the Reading List functionality. And our browser plugin has a 2-week free trial, and even after the trial period users without paid accounts can still get 5 free BeeLine activations per day. 

There are a couple reasons that we encourage our users to contact their school or employer to see if they qualify for free access. The first reason is that many people are not aware that they may qualify. The second is that schools and companies can get volume discounts that brings the price down even lower. 

The reason we ask people to contact companies that can integrate BeeLine is because in many cases, there is no way for us to make plugins or other tools to access these platforms on our own. So the only way that anyone will ever be able to read and iBook or a Word Doc with BeeLine will be if Apple or Microsoft takes the time to make this possible. And of course, they will be more likely to do so the more they hear that this is a desired feature. 

One last note on pricing: all of the revenue from BeeLine products is plowed back into building more BeeLine tools. No one who works at BeeLine has ever had a salary (including the founders), and we have spent years of our lives building BeeLine. 

Thanks again for taking the time to look through our website so carefully and give all of this feedback! The CSS?

here

    p {
        font-size:24px;
        line-height:32px;
        background-image:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAIAAABgCAIAAAC46DQiAAAAYUlEQVQoz73SwQ3DIBAF0aetYDuAEtNJWoQKTAfOgcgS+M5pVnMafS0+X4JWHyAv4CbmdQDJICrthULfpYuckU52DshoUDd0KKuUZizc5zpJRlBpLxT6KtdFT3aO3H/wjx/oyySm/xnbdAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==);
        background-position-y:8px;
        background-size:100% 128px;
        -webkit-background-clip:text;
        -webkit-text-fill-color:transparent
    }

I recommend getting the extension and just altering the trial expiration date though I appreciate your response, and again I apologise for my frustration.  As I said, it often feels like fighting an uphill battle when it comes to assistive aids/technology.  Obtaining a diagnosis is an overwhelming time when you suddenly have answers to why, but no real solutions.  You then spend time searching for solutions only to come up with wall after wall and a multitude of expenses \- from sheets of coloured plastic that cost stupid amounts \(unnecessarily \- it's tinted plastic for goodness sake\), to software costing hundred of dollars all offering a "solution".  Yes some people will be entitled to help, and some will be able to get it for free, but not everyone, and by going down a "hundreds of dollars" route you would potentially be cutting out a huge swathe of people who would otherwise invest in the product.

I implore you to keep this in mind when looking towards a pricing strategy.  

Perhaps a shift in the website would help with the perception of the software.  For "individual" focus on the individual rather than pointing out volume discounts and taking a business attitude. Look towards explaining things more, as you have done in this post, rather than pushing people to campaign for you with no real explanation of why.  A more sympathetic and understanding approach \(for the individual section at least\) rather than a business like approach.  Perhaps incorporate links to what resources are available on a local level to the individual, rather than putting it across in a way that looks like a business fishing for money.  Explain your pricing structures on the site and why they exist and what the money goes towards rather than hiding it. By being upfront about it it could lead to less negative reviews from people who found a solution then suddenly found out that they need to pay for it.

There is information on your addon pages that isn't available on your site.  I went to your website first and foremost because I use a multitude of systems.  Things I would like to know aren't there, for example, would my subscription cover multiple browsers/machines?  I work on desktops/laptops/mobile devices across operating systems... would I need a license for each device? Each browser? Each operating system \(I dual boot\)? How does it work with families? \(these issues often occur in more than one family member\).  In today's technology driven world, would I have to pay for each and every iteration of the software that all affected family members use? \(that would be astronomical\)  Would I need to pay seperately for different ways to access the reader \(ios, firefox, chrome\)? Your website gives no \*real\* information on the product beyond the fact that it changes colours and makes it easier to read webpages.  There are functions on the addon that I have just found out about today because I went to the chrome addon page and there is a flash video.  The firefox addon page has barely any information on it at all, other than reviews pointing out that it doesn't work particularly well on firefox.

Anyway, I hope this helps, I now need to drag myself back to the report that I was hoping to be focusing on.

Just my 2p as a potential customer that \*really\* needs some help staying on task. The thing is BeeLine doesn't work on all sites, and I have trouble even getting it to load at all sometimes. Thanks so much for the CSS though! It almost works perfect with Stylus. Do you know what to add so that links work? A lot of them disappear into invisible text Hmm, post this question to 

/r/csshelp or /r/webdesign 