Elvanse/Vyvanse: what are the signs that it's having an effect? TL;DR - Been on Elvanse for a few months, haven't noticed any significant differences, wondering how I can determine its effectiveness and what I should look out for.

Started on 30mg for four weeks at the beginning of November and then moved on to 50mg, which I've been on since. I'm just unsure of what I'm meant to look out for as signs that it's having an effect.

The first couple of days felt 'serene' and calm. That wore off by the third day. On 30mg, I was frequently tired throughout the day. On 50mg, I don't feel quite so tired so often. I have noticed there are instances where I feel calmer or indifferent that would normally provoke irritation, anger, frustration etc. Other than that, I haven't picked up on feeling, behaving or thinking differently, hence being unsure of what Elvanse being effective is supposed to be like (beyond vague anecdotes like "I feel totally different" and "it just makes me so much more focused" etc.).

I don't feel a sense of clarity when it comes to organising myself - sorting out my day or week still feels messy and chaotic. When it comes to a task, I still have a bajillion browser windows open or I feel the need to get up and do something else. I still can't focus when reading something, and my memory still feels quite leaky (like I'm not absorbing - paying attention - to whatever I'm reading). Same goes for whenever I watch something. If Elvanse was/is being effective, how would I know (e.g., where these examples are concerned)? It sounds like it isn't working for you friend. Talk to your doctor! It could be that you're on too low a dosage, but it's more probable you need to try something that works better for your brain. Good luck IMHO you wouldn't ask the question if it was working.

I've been through 30 mg and now 50 mg, and I just function better, that's about how simple I can put it.

I did find on 30 mg that other influences had impact on the over riding effect, mainly food intake (time and type). I noticed a pattern of effect with specific timings (I tracked my experiences to identify patterns).

50 mg just works for me (using my findings on 30 mg with food etc), although I have to plan and structure my day with tasks to get the best out of it.

I can sit for long periods of time and focus, and if I've got a list of things to do, I work methodically through them.

Definitely calmer and more considered, and less impulsive in my immediate reactions.

I know it's working just because I'm clearly functioning and thinking differently and have more drive throughout the day. However as I said, I have to plan and approach the day with tasks, as otherwise I just have drive and energy without direction and then I can get a little sporadic and messy in my approach to the day. I feel like I want and need to focus on something. Thanks for the response. What’s your morning routine like then- do you wake up and take your meds on an empty stomach? Do you take your meds with/without food? If so, what foods enhance your meds? Oops. Ended up forgetting I'd posted this and forgot to check back. I'm not sure if your post was meant for me or in response to u/theearthisasphere but I'll provide my answer just in case.

My morning routine tends to be to have a cereal breakfast and a hot drink as soon as I get out of bed. About half an hour after I started eating I'll take the Elvanse.

Since I posted my question, I got bumped up to 70mg daily. I think there's something of a difference, but I wouldn't say that it's anything like the difference between night and day that some experience. Without. 

I delay eating for 2 hours after taking them, then I generally eat Huel food replacement.

AFAIK, high protein is meant to be OK.


 