This sub has enormously changed my life for the better. And gave me some identity crisis. I'm 26 and I've known I have ADHD since I was diagnosed by a child neurologist at age 10. It never really meant anything to me though, like the fact that I have blue eyes - I know it's a fact, but it's not a fact that crosses my mind or that is see as relevant to anything.

And then a month or so ago I found this subreddit and holy shit, reading through the top posts was like looking at my brains browser history. Each damn topic was a perfect copy of a specific esoteric thought that comes up in my brain every now and then, a perfect description of my attitude, personality or lifestyle, and I thought "THIS EXPLAINS EVERYTHING!", and it does. Now that I know ADHD is the cause of this stuff like the shit memory and social chameleon-ism-to-the-point-of-not-knowing-what-i-am-really-like thing and all the others. I felt like I wasn't so fuckin alone at the deepest level. 

And then I overanalyzed the shit out of it and ruined it because that's what ADHDers do. 

I had thought all those things were unique to my personality. To put it harshly, I really felt like a snowflake until now, because nobody I've met in real life really, really gets it. I figured someone should have by now, but since in 26 years there ain't nobody, I'd settled on the conclusion I was unique. Every interesting part of my personality I can think of can be attributed to ADHD, and without it I cannot think of a single trait I posess that describes me as different.

Now i have a deeper understanding of myself and I really feel like I can get a solid handle on my life and self esteem...but I don't feel special anymore. That bloody yinyang symbol got it right - no good without bad Ah this!!!!! I just recently got diagnosed and have not been able to articulate the feeling. That’s 100% it. I thought I was just special, truly unique, etc etc etc. Now it’s like oh cool...there’s an answer and maybe I’ll start wearing clothes without holes in them...but like also who tf am I????

Thank you for this post.  I definitely had that too! I looked at ADHD traits explaining my life then started questioning what traits I had that ADHD couldn't explain... The list was small, normal, boring.

That said, we are all just combinations of Nature+Nurture; ADHD is our Nature, it's just *unique* enough to have been given a name. This same thought process for me has gotten me depressed a couple of times recently. I kept trying things to find the one thing at least that I was good at. Now I know I could find something that I would be great at but because of adhd I'll still be shite at it. Thanks, brain... If you don't mind, could you explain a bit more about the chameleonism? It's the first I'm hearing about it and I'm intrigued! 100% this.  I was diagnosed several months ago as an adult.  I've been trying to learn more about it, and so many things that I thought were just part of my personality were actually because of ADHD.  It makes me wonder what would be left if I could push a magic button that got rid of my ADHD.  Who would I even be? I am with my people here I got the terminology from the 2nd top post of all time on this sub :D 

https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/6eq724/a_post_that_talks_about_an_often_ignored_aspect/?utm_content=title&utm_medium=browse&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=ADHD One of *them*. You know them, the "I'm gonna get a decent well paying 9-5 job I take pride in but don't enjoy and work at it every day until I retire and die" types.  Man, that's me all over.. didn't even think about the "people pleaser" part before but am suddenly reminded of the times I used to drive to my ex-girlfriends house so I could then drop her to work which was 30 mins on top of the 15 min drive to get there. That was like 12 years ago but even now I will put everyone else's feelings and needs above mine so that I can get that feeling of being appreciated. Had several relationships break down because I would always go above and beyond while expecting the same which was totally unreasonable, but I would then think that they didn't care about me the same level I cared about them.  