A useful tool to prevent procrastination, hope this hasn't been posted before  LeechBlock for Firefox and StayFocusd for Chrome are alternatives if you're not using a Mac. But yay for open source. I'll check this out later. I've been looking for exactly this!  Thanks! It is truly amazing. Love it! My biggest issue with this is that I would LOVE to be able to set times in advance. ChromeNanny can do that, but for Chrome only, and I know there are several browser specific options, but nothing to my knowledge that will do this across all browsers for specific times each day, set in advance. By the time I'm sitting down to work, that's already my danger time when I tell myself "I'll just check onnnne quick thing before setting SelfControl", and poof- it's hours later and I'm down the Internet rabbit hole. In order for this to be an effective tool, it seems you also need to have a modicum of actual self control. Is there a version of it for opera on windows? I use StayFocusd and it works brilliantly.  

They have a feature to lock down the settings so that I can't change them during the day.  Unfortunately, I can't focus even on Ritalin to actually type out the phase.  I should have picked a short one.  One day... Thanks to the OP for making this thread and thanks for posting Windows OS/ Browser specific programs. 

Welp... time to block Reddit :D Well it is open source

I wonder if anyone has anything out there so it can be on a timer, because I would love to actually focus in classes where they let you use a computer  This may be of use to you. http://alternativeto.net/software/selfcontrol/ This doesn't really answer the windows part of your question, but one thing that's neat about SelfControl is that it blocks all connections on your blacklist -- it isn't browser specific (making it harder to cheat). Don't use Opera. It is just using Blink (the fork of WebKit by the Chromium team), and there aren't any good reasons to use it over Chrome. My suggestions also work for Linux! :) I love this site but there doesn't appear to be a similar Windows alternative in terms of temporary blocking.

edit  
Seems that a comparable app is http://getcoldturkey.com/ but it costs $9 to receive the same functionality. 