[rant warning] Nothing ever changes My habits are so bad and it just seems like no amount of stimulants or antidepressants can get me out of this hole. I still can't get all might work done despite going to the library to work in between classes, and school sucks all the energy out of me so even if I want to work in the morning by the third class I've lost all my willpower. 

I can't do any work at home at all, I can't even sit at my desk because I'll start to get uncomfortable and then I'll move all my books and stuff to my bed which I'm sure many of you know is a huge trap. 

Even if I get started on a project early and finish 90% of it, the last 10% will always be done last minute. How the fuck does everyone else not feel like shit all the time?

And then on meds sometimes I do ridiculous shit like modelling a single math question in AutoCAD for two hours because I wanted to make sure my answer was right.

Except it is even worse now because not even the adrenaline rush motivates can motivate me. I've stayed up all night because I didn't want to do a quick assignment and then in the morning I just said "Fuck it I'll just take a zero on this one". And it's not even a lot of work, it's so fucking easy and I can usually do it faster than everyone else but I just can't fucking do it. 

And even when I do make changes I just adapt to it like how raccoons can adapt quickly to urban sprawl but in reverse to maintain a ceiling of self destruction. 
Put your alarm on the other side of the room so you can't snooze? Worked for a while, but eventually I just blocked it out.
Install a thing on your browser to block distracting sites? Hey wouldn't it be fun to try to find a bug that would let me bypass the filter?
Start to do work in the library to minimize distractions, nice try! I'll just find more distractions like pulling out my hair or playing with my pencil. How the fuck am I gonna work if I get distracted by a fucking pencil?!

How is it that I'm smarter than myself?

And then sometimes I have my shit together for a week or so, but trip on a pebble and you start tumbling back down the mountain fuck!

I don't get any positive feedback from good habits either, taking notes doesn't increase my grades, doing homework doesn't increase my grades, seeing a tutor doesn't increase my grades. 

I've had multiple people tell me how smart and creative I am but while they're doing productive stuff I'm doing extensive research on airline fare basis codes and European immigration law.

Obviously meds cannot solve these problems, and therapy or whatever is going to take a long time and might not even help. I could be doing so much cool shit but instead I fuck around on the internet thinking about not doing my homework.

Is this really my life, condemned to dream of the things I would be doing if weren't dreaming of them? This game is too fucking hard. Can't wait 'till I accomplish [accomplishment] because life will be so much better but then when I get there I realize nothings changed and look back through rose-coloured glasses. But in reality those glasses are filled with bullshit because what kind of a sick fuck does this like *The Sims: Mental Health Edition*.

It's not fair that I didn't win the lottery and I'm not trilingual and that I don't have two passports. I know I have it good but I have it so bad. But even if I did win the lottery what the fuck would I do? Probably buy a nice condo which would be nice for a while until I decide to start storing everything on the floor and then start feeling guilty because I would be doing the exact same thing I'm doing right now.

God I just wanna sleep. Ummm hi I have a weird question for you.

Do you struggle understanding sarcasm or metaphors sometimes?

Do social situations come to you more as text book behavior rather than natural? Instead of therapy, have you thought about getting a coach? Someone who can help you figure out how to stay productive, keep you accountable, and give you positive feedback? Seriously, why are we leading the same lives? I thought you were describing me for a while...  I'm pretty sarcastic myself and I am usually pretty good at reading people.
I'm usually pretty introverted but once I'm comfortable with a person/group I'm the complete opposite.

Why'd you ask? Shit I might be a sociopath too.
 i think /u/kinpsychosis was trying to get at Asperger's or HFA (High Functioning Autism) if I'm not mistaken.

These can bring about certain Ocd/Adhd traits themselves, that can turn up when stress levels increase. Some of which can manifest 'perfectionist' traits.

Otherwise, hopefully he/she will be back to clarify. No no, not a sociopath, but I think along with ADHD, you may be showing signs of aspergers but at this point I am just guessing Hit the needle on the head :) I can see why you'd think that, although I think it's probably because of my shitty parents and bad experiences with authority figures, coping methods like trichotillomania etc. 

I'm just frustrated because I got off to a bad start this semester and the snowball's still rolling. My meds don't work and I'm depressed and more self-destructive than usual. Just sitting here hoping that the Wellbutrin kicks in soon and the only thing I'm looking forward to is my session with the school counsellor. :)

✌️ please switch meds if they are causing that. for me wellbutrin was keeping me up at night and after asking my doctor about it - was told i can stop it

hope you are well.
try reading up on vitamins too - like Vitamin B-Complex, Zinc, D3, Magnesium, Iron.

Not saying to buy them now, but sometimes looking at the diet and these health aspects of supplementation can be a beneficial add-on as you move further in life.

Best of luck! 