Any Way To Deal With A Hunger For Information? Lately I've tried to do a lot of soul searching and looking into how I behave instead of just going on autopilot.  I've learned so much about myself since I was diagnosed not long ago and I'm slowly (like GLACIER SLOW) being upped on my Concerta, which is starting to help my brain deal with it's normally messy state.  I've never been one for therapy, I just feel like I'm going to slow my progress if I have to vocalize the amount of information just buzzing around my head all the time.

&#x200B;

Anyway, one of the gray-area habits of mine is always seeking out information about absolutely everything and just beating subjects to death.  Lately the routine is that when I get home from work, I'll feel this urge to sit down at my computer and block out the world with research.  My current hobby is ebikes and I'm getting seriously into it.  Like, I'll have over 10 browser tabs going with all sorts of stuff like reading about motors, different electrical connectors, batteries, etc.  I always open new tabs too because I'll think of something else to research but that tab has something that I'll want to continue reading about.  And all of this reading while I've got a Joe Rogan podcast going that I also want to absorb.  I swear if I had something that I could get some value out of, I would also be learning with my hands and sense of smell but thank god I don't know braille.

&#x200B;

It's really bothersome to me because I know when I'm getting into a pit but when I try to slow down and take my dishes out or tidy up, my mind just does not want to stop flying.  Thankfully I've got a very supportive girlfriend who understands that I do this, but she sometimes does get frustrated and I know full well that when it gets bad I leave a lot on her plate.  I do get things done but it definitely isn't equal because she's really neat and I tend to order those types of things at a certain priority so that when they reach number one, I blast through it and get it taken care of.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: So for those of you who have experienced this addiction to learning/information, are there any strategies that you've tried to help with this type of behavior?  I fully believe that taking the time to turn things into a routine is good, but whenever I try to establish a new routine there are days when I just break and revert into old habits and not realize it.

&#x200B;

I've got so much more I could say but this post would turn into a novel if I did. Learn to break down your free time into projects. If you're going to get crazy deep into a subject then first make a list of your end goal and possibly set a time limit. Document well and have fun.  I will be following this oh-so-closely >but whenever I try to establish a new routine there are days when I just break and revert into old habits and not realize it.

When I add something new to my life, I always add a grace period where the aim isn't to do the thing every day, but it's to figure out *how* to get myself to do the thing each day.

It's half a mental trick (expecting that I won't be able to do it right away prevents me from declaring the attempt failed and giving up completely). But the other halve is gathering data on all the 'off days'. 

It's really simple, just get a sheet of paper, write 1 to 30 on it, and each day make a little note. If you did do the thing, it can be a positive note like 'doing it before breakfast was nice', I you don't do the thing, write down the why. 

It can be anything, from 'not in the mood' to 'forgot about it' to more practical things like 'gym was closed due to holiday' or 'didn't have clean gym clothes'.

The more you can figure out what's happening on the days you don't do something, the easier it is to find ways to prevent it from happening. So if you want to do chores more often and you notice it goes wrong on days where you 'just have a little break' before you start, you'll know you have to do it the moment you get home. Or maybe try a different type of break and not the current obsession.  Lemme guess, endless-sphere.com? I must have read thousands of pages there. I have no suggestions, just confirmation that you're not alone. Also... it's not a bad thing. Embrace your passion, make a plan, and then find a way to *do something* with it, for real. Well, there’s this site called tvtropes...

More seriously. I am the same way, any new info is a dopamine hit. I don’t see it as a bad thing, though it is definitely addictive behaviour, because:

- I end up knowing an awesome amount about random topics that often comes in very handy later
- it’s self limiting. As soon as I run out of new info, it becomes boring, so I just plan on that happening. 

The ‘doing this instead of something more important’ part is the harmful thing, so some of this requires awareness of what happens, but also meds help a lot and you may need some external reinforcement (e.g. from your girlfriend. While it’s not her job to manage you, knowing that she can turn off your internets and when she should do that could be a useful tool for both of you. For example. Or having a mutually agreed routine before you open the internets that you have to stick to because someone else is affected. Maybe an actual routine, maybe just a checklist of stuff that has to be done by a certain day or time, that you’ll probably do at the last minute but at least the last minute has an actual cut off outside of ‘whenever your brain moves on from the current topic’). Deadlines and external feedback - even just ticking stuff off a list - can be enough to switch your brain into engaging.

Stuff that helps with the self management when resisting the newest addicting info pit:
 
- knowing you’ll need a few hours at a time if you get sucked in, so putting off anything where you might get interrupted
- knowing you’ll run out and get bored so you might as well save the really juicy stuff for when you’re stuck on the train or something and do something else for now

Basically, convincing your brain that it will be more boring for it if you do X now, and make it want to avoid that pain. It isnt always possible to remember, but meds really can help.

 Channel that! Try learning about [investing](https://www.investopedia.com). It's easier than ever to trade stocks, and you can never learn enough about the market! My friend (even before he got diagnosed) started learning/trading, and his portfolio is insane now.

Robinhood (mobile app) is a good starting point. Did you try anything before Concerta? I'm thinking of starting it as my first extended release drug after trying adderall.  Yesterday I was stuck researching the heck out of the words rumination and obsession. Yup. To break out of it I wrote down a little chart with each word and differentiating characteristics. I can't say exactly why, but this broke my, er, obsessive search. Maybe somehow getting your research into a neat little package would help. I didnt even realize my chart would do that for me but it did seem to put a stop gap on this perseveration! That app sounds like a scam to get people to put money into that crypto currency otherwise I like this idea of (SAFELY) playing the market on a small scale.  I haven't used the crypto currency side of it, I just use it to trade stocks. There are better services, it's a good starting point though 