Usual Day in my Life Be me 22
Mom wakes me up
F***ing college, I want to sleep
Dress casually.
 Smoke a cigarette
 Eating
Scrolling the web through my smartphone
Redressing for school and other shit
Going to the bus station, almost missed my buss
While going, I smoke another cigarette
I put earphones and listen to some music
Time to get out of this bus.

Another Cigarette
Another Bus, this time journey is longer.
I get out of the second bus
Another Cigarette
Final Bus arrives, I am already late for a lesson
5 minutes of traveling and I will finally arrive at my destination.
While walking, yep you guessed it. Another Cigarette.
Class started ~ 15 minutes ago and I still want to sleep.

F**K it, I need a coffe.
Buys coffe from slot machine in college
Goes outside and lights up another Cigarette
If my mobile data is active, I browse the internet all the time during my journey
Finshes coffe.
Rougly about ~ 30 minutes left till the class would finish
Goes to the shop and buys cold green tea
After about another 3 cigarettes (shop walk included)

Second class starts
Coffe starts working, I am ~ 80% awake.
Lecture starts
I try to listen to what lecturer is talking about.
Notes?
Pointless, since I won't be able to read out my writtings when needed.
Tries listen and focus to the lecture.
Mind starts racing
 Opens up laptop
 Facebook, maybe some 4chan, news (only for comments, not actual news), other web stuff.
 Changes focus direction every 5-10 minutes
 For time to time, I lift my eyes, so maybe I could catch something that teacher says.
Lecture repeats this away, haven't learned anything.
If I find lecture more interesting, I manage to keep a liitle bit more focus. "I can't tell if I understood the subject or not."
Goddammit, I am so stupid

Same thing every lecture, unless I skip it.
Before going home or final lecture, another coffe.
I stopped mentioning my smoking breaks to you.
Home. Route from collage to home is little different.
Food
Laptop
100% awake.

Ideas born and die.
Youtube
Maybe should I watch some anime episode
10 minutes in and I already paused
Going from site to site, just to slow down my mind. 
Mom goes back from and asks me: When next test/project related to my studies is due.
"Ummmmmm....." 
Food again

Maybe I should review some matterial for tomorrow. 
Opens browser tab with study material.
After 5-10 minutes of material studying.
"This can't be."
Fantasies about doing revolution in computer science stuff. Usually AI related shit
Starts to get sleepy.
"This starts to get boring, I want some advanced shit. I don't even know."

Decides to browse the webz instead.
 Last meal today
 Sleep pill
 "Maybe, I should finish anime episode I left?"
~40+ tabs opened.
Closes majority of the tabs. 
Luckily, somehow information of a time stamp of unfinished anime episode is still in my head.
"Stupid mind."
Last cigarette before sleep
Going to bed
~20-30 minutes due to sleep pill. I fall asleep. 