Does your browser look like this? http://imgur.com/a/aOoIv haha, yes absolutely but like 3 separate windows full of tabs deep.  Ah ha ha ha.... yes! Yup always...and then it freezes and sometimes crashes. Then I freak the fuck out because I realize it's going to be giant pain in the ass to go through my history to find the one or two tabs that were actually important No, because i try to open as less tab possible before it hog my pc Often, yes. What's worse is I have such a hard time closing the tabs. Convincing myself I'll want to check it out afterwards.

When it crashes, I'm usually somewhat relieved. Yes, yes it does. Just counted. I have 43 tabs open. You know what you guys need? Vertical tabs! Here's my current tab collection:

https://i.imgur.com/ekGoiW4.png 
(after reading this sub a while and looking at all my open tabs, this is probably the kind of thing I should bring to my ADHD assessment...)

It's ugly, but super functional. If you fill up the whole list, you can just scroll up and down. This addon (Tree Style Tab for Firefox) lets you group tabs and expand/collapse them too. Then I get a window from windows alerting me that I've ran out of memory :( Yes it does. Sometimes, and then I realize what's happening, and go do something else. I was just thinking about posting a thread like this, "Ask r/ADHD" style. But, you know how it goes. I got online and got distracted my one of my many tabs.

But, my post was going to ask. This week, how many...

...rotten food items did you find in your fridge, then threw out?

...labels do you have in Gmail

...tabs do you have open in your browser (bonus, how many browser windows full of tabs)

...etc I use "OneTab" so I can hit it and it turns them all into a list of links and closes all the tabs, when you click a link it opens it again and takes it off the list.

I've got years of long lists, and I will never delete them. There could be something important in there.  I use an extension "Tab Suspender" which pauses them. Necessary. There's a beta testing going on for the addon integrated into Firefox right now.  It was ok. 