Need an alternative to the Forest app So, I've been using this app called "Forest" on my smartphone. You set a timer and then it plants a tree in the app. If you go on any other application on your phone, the tree dies. It's pretty simple, but it helped me a lot when I needed to get some work done. I think the best part of this app was that I was constantly reminded that I was supposed to be working whenever I opened my phone.
I think a lot of people have this habit of just blankly opening their entertainment apps on their phone while they work. Whenever I did that, I would get a big tree in my face and I would be forced to stop.
Now the Forest app method has 2 major issues. The first is that text notifications and etc still go through, but you can't see what they say. It's very painful. The second issue is that you still have your computer. Obviously, most people need their computer to do their work and can't just turn it off or put it away. 
What I think is a good idea, is a chrome extension that stops you before you get onto one of your distracting sites and asks if you're sure you want to access the site. Kinda like when anti-virus software warns you of a site's danger. You just set the sites you think are dangerous: Like YouTube, Reddit, Social Media. And then turn the app on whenever you do work. That way, if you get distracted and try to absent-mindedly go to those sites out of habit. You have a warning that stops you. If you know of an extension that does this, please tell me.

Also here's [Forest!](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cc.forestapp&hl=en)

TL;DR- Forest is a nice anti-distraction app. Looking for an alternative to it on chrome or internet browser.
 Forest has a chrome extension Ah I'm smart. I found one in the 10 minutes after I made the post. My bad. [Here's the app btw](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stayfocusd/laankejkbhbdhmipfmgcngdelahlfoji)  I use Cold Turkey for my computer. It has a light-feature free version, but a really really robust paid version for a one-time fee. Blocks apps and/or designated websites (blacklist or whitelist), can do scheduling, Pomodoro-like intervals and (my favourite) "Frozen Turkey" which can you can use to lock yourself out of your account completely for a set time. You can set up schedules and make them unable to be adjusted for a period of time, if you find that self-control issues lead you to circumvent things normally. Does it block your computer in general? Cause that's unreasonable for some people when they're doing work. It just affects your browser. It's completely configurable. You can set it in whitelist or blacklist mode. Check it out. Even syncs with the mobile app 