Who else saves long reddit posts that have interesting titles with the intent of reading them later, but never do? I have about 3 years worth of interesting posts that I didn't have the attention to read so I just saved them. I also have an extremely long "watch later" playlist on YouTube that grows faster than it should. Oh, oh, so many... I even email the ones I am certainly going to make time to read to myself. Thus I have a folder full of them there too... I open them in a new tab...and never read them. You should see my bookmarks folder. Classic ADHD. Uhh... No? *hides saved posts list* I just saved this post to read later Anywhere that lets you bookmark things for later - Reddit saved posts/comments, browser bookmarks, Youtube playlists, etc., you can bet that mine is full of things I never looked at again.

Strangely enough though, I rarely have very many browser tabs open. All. The. Time. I don't, I just read them, then wonder why the hell it's 4am and I didn't get out of bed today, AGAIN. I'm also unemployed and struggling with severe depression atm, fwiw. Yup. Guilty.  I would've never guessed this is something to do with ADHD. 

Saved Reddit posts, articles on Facebook, Pocket, Evernote, bookmarks, Papaly, links emailed to myself. I also a use chrome extension that saves all my open tabs as a session. Years worth of stuff.

Ebooks, courses, videos, podcasts. I even have a ton of lists of copy/pasted links on my Apple Notes. Just found this subreddit, and yours is the first post I opened.

I do this with more than just reddit. Youtube/News Articles/Documentaries/etc... These lists usually coagulate in my unsorted bookmarks, and are lost forever when I change computers or reinstall windows.

Firefox introduced this new 'Pocket' feature that I might try out. Its all about having the motivation to go back and read/watch the stuff though, which I seem to never do regardless.  Yes I do it too! Yes, definitely. :( And sometimes I forget I can save posts so I end up with 20 tabs open on my browser because I *know* I'll read them some day. *raises a hand* "One day I'll need this." I favorite them. Still favorited to this day.  My saved folder is literally pictures of dogs and nothing else  Story of my life.  Literally almost did it with this one so I could come back and read the comments.  My Evernote is full of those articles found on the web. I save them in Evernote so I can read them when I have no internet connection but if I don't have one, I don't read them. Wow I just did this about ten seconds ago. I have a bunch of askreddit tabs open Yep. Every so often I go through and cull the list. If I haven't read it in a couple months I'm probably not going to. Saved...  Me I literally have one saved about Loci Method to help with my memory...yet to read that one. I use Pocket. 

95% of it I never get around to reading.  Is this an ADHD thing? I literally have 5-10 tabs at any given time that I've been meaning to get to for weeks now  I actually haven't gotten that habit because I know I wouldn't read them, no matter how much I want to.  Now that I've started meds I should revisit saving articles I'll never read Sounds like my Steam library! At least you aren't paying for your lists of things. :) Always. Currently have at least 30 tabs open on chrome. In a new window with 5 and loving it.  Thanks for reminding me, haha! I still have a bunch of articles I saved but totally forgot about them. I just read this title, saved it and started  browsing the rest of my feed.. I don't do it on YouTube, but reddit? (And other sites) yea.... :) I made YouTube email me when a subscription uploads new videos, I'm thousands of videos behind, i also have a "Later" bookmarks folder, also full...  Me. I save things I want to respond do and by the time I want to respond, the post is dead. Let me check. *looks at saved posts* yup. Alot. I have around 200 bookmarks I need to read. At least most of them are organised into folders but it's still kind of disorganised. I'll probably get some tagging extension. Saving this for... later.. All the dang time! Safari tabs, bookmarks, saves, watch later.. You name it. I'm curious from a brain standpoint as to why this happens. Yep, been doing it for years :-( Thankfully my 5 pages of saved posts only goes back 1 year.... i had a couple thousand bookmarks on my laptop I forced myself to open this thread and actually read it. So, yah. My reddit 'saved' list isn't very long compared to others here - i usually manage to read most of the posts after a few weeks unless they're really really long. On the other hand, my youtube 'watch later' playlist has got about a hundred positions, and some of my browser bookmarks are two years old and i'm probably never gonna read most of them anyway... Not necessarily on Reddit, but I do have a lot of articles saved on my phone that I intended to read but never did. yep This totally describes me lol. I save all the "What's your favorite music/song/artist that makes you X" (feel happy, feel sad, whatever) and then never listen to the music.

My fiance doesn't understand why I have so many tabs open at all times, but I can't understand why he closes every tab if he's just gonna re-open it later, haha. Yeah, in fact I just did that now.. Yeah. I'll get to reading them *eventually*... You just described my entire relationship with reddit. All the time. I keep telling myself I'll go back through my saved stuff but... Yeah, you know I'm not gonna do it. [saved] for later review of discussion. I even saved this one! Documentaries I'll never watch too. I bet a lot of people do this though. It's not just an adhd thing  I do sometimes. It's the same on Hulu and Youtube. But eventually I do get around to watching the videos and reading the posts whenever I'm bored enough.  I find getpocket to be useful for anything I want to read later due to the format and recommendations. Plus it works on literally anything platform/browser-wise Meeeee I'm extremely guilty of this. Mostly because I switch between things so quickly I don't have time too. Holy shit, first time on this sub and this is the first post I see and this is hella me. I'd never attributed all my saved posts to my ADHD. Got so much that I'm now hiding posts as a secondary save file. Ditto with my youtube watch later list
 Not me, I save nothing, but I open lot's of tabs and only read a few shit dude... I do this SO OFTEN like.. i have 300 plus bookmarks i'm like never going to read. if not more... probs like 500 with the old ones... god dam! YES! And bookmarks... god I have so many bookmarks firefox freezes when I try to sort through them Oh, I see you've described every tab I've ever opened while browsing. Seriously, I'll end up with 50-80 different tabs open before I have to close everything. God Damnit. When ever I see an article or reddit post I think will be interesting I bookmark it and save it to read "later". The worst part is sometimes every millennium I'll actually open this bookmark folder and forget why I even bookmarked the stuff. Like why do I have an article on how to learn "hacking" bookmarked. I hated coding at university why did I bookmark this. 
Tldr: I am anonymous  This is what my Pinterest account is made of. I'm an information hoarder who is scared of missing something important or great, but when everything is saved with this thinking, nothing is important, read or remembered. But i can't stop! What if this next pin really is the key to getting a great night's sleep or losing 8 pounds?  I do this on forums and other places, with posts I've read and not read.  But I literally save them onto my hard drive.  All because I think I will need or use the information.  But it's impossible to sort, so I don't know what good it really does me. Welcome to un-medicated ADHD I guess?  Hundreds of times. So many fucking times. But I never go back to read them ): You can only save 1000 posts I heard. I'm terrible about this and Pinterest as well. 

"Oh, that craft looks fun and easy!" *Pin!* "Oooh, this one does too!" *Pin!* ... *Pin!* *Pin!^Pin!^^Pin!^^^Pin!^^^^Pin!^^^^^Pin!^^^^^^Pin!*

...Before I knew it, I had 1000+ pins and I don't think I've followed up on a single one. My online bookmarks, YouTube "Watch Later" playlist, and saved reddit posts are all the same way. :/ Almost. I have four chrome windows open with about 30 tabs in each, with stuff I'd like to read later... Not a whole lot on the Reddit posts as I usually only read Reddit while procrastinating, but holy fuck, it takes hours to get through my usual YouTube watch later playlist. I may have just read this and thought about saving this post for later... I may have a problem I save stuff and don't get around to them, but that's not an ADHD thing... is it? Just diagnosed yesterday. Onetab! I learned how to speed read a long time ago.  text to speech chrome extension You made my life. That "watch later" playlist is bigger than the videos I actually watch. 

"Yeah, maybe I will watch this one, seems pretty important" (it isn't).

The majority of the time it's not even science stuff or anything like that. I just can't. Yes, but I get to some of the articles I've saved in Pocket when on an airplane with no internet connection. Thankfully they let you have your device on for takeoff and landing now. 

Can't say the same about all the tabs I keep open. I've started using OneTab so it doesn't bog down my computer so much, but I can still know they're available if I get a chance. Helps me stay slightly more focused to not have so many tabs open that I can't see their favicons.  this is good for that: https://getpocket.com/ I clicked on the post and intended to upvote it, but saved it by accident... Instead of email I bookmark them. So now I have a folder full too. I especially do this when I get sidetracked from something and find an interesting article or video, but I try to get back on task so I "save it for later"  Created a private facebook group so that I can post them there, and then when I'm wasting time I remind myself and open them. I email them to myself too, and when my inbox is overwhelming me I just delete them and forget all about it.  😂 life story  Haha, I have emailed countless links to myself to try to get myself to follow up on them. They just end up forgotten like all the others.  rip your ram I've gotten to 1,000+ tabs in chrome. The key is to kill all chrome processes except the parent one from time to time. You also can't really use extensions like adblock or RES because they seem to still do something with the killed tabs.  this. i just stumbled across this sub and from reading some of these posts/comments, everything i do makes sense haha   My partner does this too. Not just with reddit, but with any interesting article/thread/whatever he finds. When firefox crashes, he doesn't close the restore tab but he doesn't use it either, and just opens new ones. It'll crash again, have a new recover tab with all the tabs he had open PLUS the previous recover tab with all the other ones saved too.

He's nested a few saved sessions deep by this point. It can't be as bad as [mine](http://i.imgur.com/X6RNn8l.jpg)? [deleted] Welcome to the sub! :)

Pocket is what I use for "read later" things. I honestly have only opened it a handful of times, but just saving things makes me feel good. It's like a safe of interesting stuff I know I have whenever I want it. 

I am convinced when I finally have free time I will get bored and be thankful for past me's dedicated(obsessive) bookmarking. In reality... well, you all know. > Its all about having the motivation to go back and read/watch the stuff though, which I seem to never do regardless.

This is so true.  "Still my favorite thing I haven't read" Never said it was, just figured we would relate to it a lot more.  Same. That's the thing, individually nothing is just an ADHD thing. Everybody saves interesting things for later and forgets about them. But for us I think it's the extent of it. Many people have commented saying they have 30+ windows/tabs open on their computers. I have 3 years worth of saved posts, some of which are irrelevant by now. I keep thinking "one day I'll get to it" but then there's other interesting looking things and I forget all about the saved ones. Everybody has a backlog of books they wanna read or movies they wanna watch, it's just that people with ADHD are prone to it more, I'd assume. Same with every other issue we struggle with. People fidget when they are bored, or can't pay attention to boring topics. People with ADHD may fidget all the time and even have trouble paying attention to interesting topics. If that makes sense. I ain't an expert, just speak from experience and observation.  I used to do this, then I started using Pocket. And now my Pocket inbox is full of unread stuff, too.  I had about 200-400 bookmarks I assume of which I used maybe two and the rest was dank memes.

A few weeks ago, Chrome decided to reset EVERYTHING in my browser because Proxflow or AdBlock was marked "dangerous" or some bullshit.

At first I was really upset, a few minutes later I burst out laughing because I knew, I'd never look at them again anyways. It was a feeling of freedom of some sort and I still don't recall any of the stuff I bookmarked when I think about it. I email some and bookmark some. I usually read the emails, but some of those bookmarks must be 2+ years old. That's fucking genius! You can try delicious. You can also add tag so if ever you really want to find an article you can search for it (title, tag and other stuffs) I do this with google bookmarks, I can even tag them and such. Genius! Eventually I close them. In the meantime I found a cool Chrome extension that closes tabs when they're not in use. I think it's called TabMemFree, supposed to loosen up the load. The Great Suspender is my friend. I bookmark them every few days and then close the tab. TooManyTabs lets you suspend an entire window of tabs, then restore it later. 

I never remember to restore.  This is the visual embodiment of my childhood report cards. "So much potential! If she'd only apply herself!" Same situation. Currently I have 24 tabs opened. I try to atleast read 5 article/link a day. 

http://s2.postimg.org/ww9xeay7t/2015_12_04_18h55_28.png Sure, for the first 3 days. Then it'll be just another place where links build up and I never go back to lol. I got Pocket too and have only followed up there to read something a handful of times. Bah. Relate? Like it's my life!
> It's not just an adhd thing

Very true...but we're so good at it. "Not now" is how we roll. How I roll. More saved here, facebook, pinterest. When I'm stuck in a blizzard, I'll have so much to read, but probably no power. Watch out phone battery.  You can tag bookmarks!? What? OneTab is similar, I really like it. 