Really struggling with everything and looking for some advice and support tbh I don't post too often but am just looking for some hope that things will get better really. I decided to drop out of my first year at university a couple weeks ago only after about 3 weeks. I hated being so far away from home, wasn't massively keen on the uni and thought I needed to get my life together first before I go off and make big decisions like that - learn to drive, get some work experience, maybe go travelling. I'm really disorganised, am terrible at getting myself motivated for things that don't interest me and am just a massive scatterbrain really. I'm not sure that dropping out of uni was the best decision tbh, but I'm pretty sure it was the right decision. It was the only uni I looked at and mostly went there bc my best friend was going as well. 
Anyway, I'm now at home, I have an interview for a job I won't enjoy tomorrow, and another on the day after next. I'm only young - 18 - and have really quite good grades behind me at A level (not sure what the equivalent is elsewhere). I've organised other open days for universities and will do a lot more searching now that I know what I want, but I'm feeling really low.
I've been waiting months and months to actually meet someone who can diagnose me and I'm still waiting with not much of an idea when the waiting list will end. I'm the worst I've ever been - without the structure of school, my mind has just become a swamp that thoughts just kind of float around in or sink into and I'm struggling to process everything which is making things even harder to get a grip of. I think I'm addicted to my computer as well, it's just a really easy and fulfilling activity, I have about a thousand things open in my browser at once whilst playing music, a game and a video on youtube at the same time. 
I'm trying to take things slowly but at the same time things just catch up on me.
Sorry for the long post, just wanted to get my thoughts out of my head and at the same time listen to what others have to say I have issues with my computer as well. As I type this, I should be doing laundry. My compromise is that I have a timer set and when it rings I will immediately stop what I'm doing and do the next task I need to finish. I have to be careful with the thought that I will just wrap things up and then do the task. That's usually how I really get sucked in. But sometimes just doing the one thing I told myself I would, is enough to help me do just one more. And then one more. Sometimes only looking ahead at the next 30 mins helps me get on a better trajectory. Hope this helps! It’s hard. 

I’m currently struggling at my university, and am addicted to Reddit. 

I have found a few things that help me occasionally. In no particular order:

Remember that nothing is hopeless, unless you give up. You can do whatever you want, it is just a matter of how much it will hurt on the way. 

Remember the things you have done well. You said that you did well in school, so you know you can do well at things you don’t enjoy. I barely graduated HS, but I have done well in STEM competition. 

Remember that you can change the future, and one choice/mistake/failure will not ruin your life. If you want to go back to college next year, you can.  Or you could go back in 5 years. It may be harder, but it is a thing you can do. 

Get something that motivates you. Not like rewarding yourself for success, but just something that makes you feel awesome. This is obviously very hard, and possibly fits in r/wowthankscured, but getting a hobby you enjoy can make all the difference. I have spent *hours* voluntarily working in something I hate, like cleaning, just so I can start work on one of my hobbys. I also need out about space Stuff, and I feel incredibly inspired by all of the advances we have made recently.  

‘Nuff about me. Remember that you have something that you enjoy, and you are good at, even if you don’t know it yet. 

Remember that you can do this. Whatever this is. It may be hard, but you can get there one step at a time. 
 I thought of something while I ate dinner, and I think it needs its own comment, rather than adding it to what I already wrote. 

I wrote a long stupid story, so skip down to the horizontal line if you want to skip it. Or skip straight to the end for the TLDR. 

Once I was stupid and went on a long run. I was way more out of shape than I thought, and collapsed onto my bed to recover before getting food. After a while I decided to forget about dinner, and just go to sleep. 

I got up to turn off my light, and my vision began to shrink. 

*”OH SHIT, IMMA PASS OUT”* I thought. I turned around and headed back towards my bed. I didn’t make it. I passed out standing up, holding onto my bed post. Passing out like that is not at all comfortable, it hurts.

I didn’t fall, but I’m pretty sure I lost Consciousness. I remember sort of waking up, still completely blind, with no idea of who I was. Or where I was. And my whole body hurt. I felt horrid, sick, and miserable. 

The only thing I knew, was that I couldn’t fall. I couldn’t. My legs were wobbly. Like shaking to pieces. I’m surprised I didn’t break a kneecap from smashingly into my other. I gave up on my legs, and focused on my arms. I was shaking the bed to pieces. I held on for my life, but I was sure I would fall. 

As I regained consciousness, I became afraid of smashing the bedpost into my head. I tried to hold it a little further away. Eventually I was not in imminent danger of falling. I tried to control my horrible shaking. 

I became aware that I was smashing my bed into the wall, repeatedly. Violently.  First it was feeling where the bed post stop abruptly whenever I pushed it away, and eventually I became aware of a dull smash-smash-smash as it collided with the wall. 

By the time my vision started to return, I was mostly in control of the shaking, and I was mostly aware of who and where I was. 

***


That turned out longer than I thought it would. O well. Now I’m going to try to turn that random story into something that relates to your situation, and turn it into some “wise” advice. 

When I realized that I was going to pass out, I tried to make it to my bed. This was my goal, and I worked hard to move towards it. 

When I lost the ability to reach my goal because my legs and brain were shutting down, my goal changed. All I wanted to do was to hang on. And even when I forgot what I was hanging on to, and why I was hanging on at all, I knew it was the only thing I could do. I had to hang on.  

Just trying to hang on, everything got even worse, before it got better. As things got better, I was able to get control over only one thing at a time, but that eventually included everything. 

I thought of this, and for some reason I saw it as a perfect parallel to your position. You had a goal, but didn’t reach it. And now you are just trying to hold on, but you feel like you are failing at that. But things will get better. They might get worse first, but they will get better. 

Yeah, I don’t see why I wrote that whole story out either. 

Anyway, keep moving forward for as long as you can. And if you can’t move forward, just try to hold on. Sometimes just holding on is the best we can do.  And sometimes you still fall back, and the best you can do is to keep from falling too quickly. 

There is no shame in just holding on, and there is no shame in not moving forward, if you are not in a place too. There is no shame in taking time to recover before moving forward again.

I’m not sure if the story was complete shit, but I typed it all out on mobile, and I’m leaving it. 

TLDR: sometimes all we can do is hang on. Sometimes it takes everything we have, and then some. And there is no shame in that. 

Hang in there until you can move forward. Then keeping moving forward as much as you can.  Completely agree. Accept I often forget to set a timer, especially if I am on my phone, or have lots of time to kill.  The problem is I often end up killing more time than I have. 

It just seems easier to decide to drop whatever I’m doing in 30 minuets, than right now.  Also, it seems like you are faltering without the structure of school. I am faltering without the structure of living at home.

If you get something going, anything really, it should help. Join a club that meets every week, so that you have at least something to structure your life around.  Yeah, I forget too sometimes. I've found what works for me one week, may not work the next. So I have to change my coping mechanisms once I become desensitized to them. When the timer thing quits working, I might try no computer for a week other than work. Or bring out another strategy that quit working and see if it's effective again. That happens sometimes too.  


The other thing I try to remember, is that my ADHD lies to me. Yeah, it seems easier in 30 mins, but last time it was harder. It took me a long time to develop what I call "mental brakes" to slow down the normal ADHD over-revving, but they help immensely! The brakes do fail occasionally, but it's getting better all the time. Oh, and remember that everything is temporary, life will change, and you will get to a better place. 

Remember that time in 10th grade when you felt like shit and thought that your life was ruined because of whatever you were not doing? Yeah, I have those times too. And they are temporary. 

You will get through it. Life sucks sometimes, but it changes with time. And you can help it to change.  Tell me more about these mental breaks.  So think of them like brakes on a car. Someone once said to me, "People with ADHD have Ferrari brains and bicycle brakes." I spent time thinking about what I feel like when my ADHD takes over. What physical cues are there? What emotions are running around? And the better I got at identifying those things after the fact, the more likely I was to identify them in the moment. So now, when I recognize that my ADHD is pushing me into doing or not doing something, I can put the brakes on enough to change direction or give myself time/room to make a better decision. Does that make sense? I'm exhausted and I might not be very clear here. That’s wonderful, thanks. 

That’s a good quote too.  