Is it possible to get better WITHOUT medication? I've been suffering for 27 years. It gets tiring that I can't accomplish the shit I wish I could accomplish. i.e.:

There's a piano right behind me, bought it 4 years ago, it's been gathering dust. 

There's a guitar in my bathroom, just sitting in the corner for about 2 years now.

There are close to 50 tabs open across different browsers right now as I type this.

I can't pay attention to a conversation if it doesn't catch my attention within the next 5 seconds, even if it does, I guarantee my focus will derail eventually.

****

I'm too fucked up to take medication, I have mitral valve prolapse, high blood pressure from time to time, anxiety attacks from time to time & IBS. I don't think medication would bode well for me.

Besides medication, what are my options here?
 Most people with ADHD, whether medicated or not, tend to benefit greatly from having structure in their lives.  You'll need to find some way to build this.  My roommate has been inadvertently helping me in this regard, for example, because we make sure to do chores around the apartment at the same times every week. So..... You just have a guitar sitting in your bathroom? Get rid of the instuments. They are making you unhappy. If you really want to get into making music, get a nice ukulele. There's something more approachable about a ukulele, and there are some [nice ukulele communities out there](http://ukuleleunderground.com/). There! Now you have some extra space and extra money. 

Close your browser tabs. Just because you opened it does not oblige you to read it. 

In general, de-clutter your living space. Solicit help from non-judgemental people. Pay them if you can.

Managing ADHD has a lot to do with managing your environment, socially, vocationally, and physically. Notice I said managing. You will always be who you are. 

See your physician about medications which might help with your medical conditions. Also, is it possible that medications that you are on for your conditions might exacerbate your ADHD? Talk to your physician about that as well. Anything that makes you drowsy or causes blood sugar changes might make if worse. Any medical condition that decreases your blood oxygen is definitely going to make you duller. Is there anything you can do to improve your physical condition? 

 Strattera is a non stimulant medication. Its not as effective as the amphetamines but can be taken with say guafiacine and wellbutrin which is a semi-stimulant. 

I'm not trying to be a negative nancy, but this is not a illness that you catch or cure. It's with you for the most part, your whole life. 

 Try Cognitive Behaviour therapy, if you have a benefits plan that covers it. I recently found out that meds are out for me (tachycardia occurs in me while taking Concerta and Strattera, 1% chance with Strattera and  was the lucky 1%), so I am going to try that.  Tackle your anxiety. That'll wreck your attention more than anything. 

Make rules for everything. Is the piano really important to you? Set a time, and practice at that time for 15 minutes every day. Even if you get distracted, even if you don't feel it's productive, make sure your ass is on that bench. You will learn it eventually. It won't be easy, but it is possible. 

But in general - rules become habits, and when you can do things out of habit it frees your brain to focus on other things, which will help with general organization/planning.

Finally, there is a psychological component to focus. Doing one thing well (ie piano) will develop that skill. It may not be as effective as medication, but it can get better than you are now.

Finally, consider non stimulant medication. There are all kinds of other drugs - alpha blockers, SSRIs, antipsychotics,  etc that have shown some effectiveness with ADHD. You may be able to find something that works with your health conditions. 
 This. I would not be able to get anything done if I didn't make a routine out of my life I agree. Structure helps a lot. I had problems until I had a structured 9-5 job dealing with people(sales). Shift work just exacerbated the problem.  The dealing with people helped because I could jump from problem to unrelated problem. (We are good at solving problems as long as it doesn't take too long. Our brains can quickly make connections other people take longer to find)

I think the organization and structure I was forced into made me the happiest I had been in years. My only problem was the morality of sales. Inside a case, yes. I laughed so hard after reading his. XD  I'm fit, I exercise I take no medication yet I still have all these problems. Mostly due to MVP, I've inherited it. 90% of my problems is because my heart doesn't pump blood correctly and some of it gets regurgitated where it shouldn't. Stimulants are risky for this condition.

Thanks for the tips, I should get rid of the piano, I don't know why I'm so attached to it. It might work for OP. It sadly didn't for me. It caused worse tachycardia in me that Concerta did. It was a 1% chance and sure enough, it hit me. Hey, of all people I understand being attached to musical instruments, because I do the same thing, not just with instruments, but with books.

I've come to realize that the things in my home that I look at every day often have emotional meanings that are sapping my energy.  