A tip for those with Dual-Monitor computer arrangements I found myself constantly being distracted (I feel like this first part should be part of a template here) when working on homework when working on a paper or lab report because of the internet. 

I just recently found that if I set, in my mind, a primary monitor (the one I'm focusing on) and put the web browser I'm using for reference in a lab report or something along those lines, I'm less likely to be distracted. Hopefully this helps at least 1 person. As far as I'm concerned the more monitors the better. So far I haven't been able to convince my workplace to give me 3, but I'm much more productive if I have all the projects I'm working on in my face so I can easily monitor them. I tend to flip back and forth between them as ideas come to mind, but I'll forget about things I've shoved into the background. I can't hear you http://i.imgur.com/RWiIuup.jpg ;) Most of the time, I will put on a comedy special on my second monitor. It's just enough to keep me entertained without being too distracting. With comedy specials, you can have it in the background, there aren't many visual queues and it's really funny :) For me it's only one monitor but two workstations. My notebook and a server via remote desktop. And I really love working both simultaneously because as soon as one of my processes takes more time to compute, I get bored an switch to something else. So I try to switch between computers. Otherwise I end up on reddit. Like, right now...
This really helps keeping my motivation and energy up. Yep, one directly in front of me, one slightly off to the side. Works especially well with dual monitors, so you don't have a bezel in the middle of your view. I agree. 

At work, not so much by my distractions at work  checking personal email, reddit, news once I accomplish something in work. I'm bouncing back and forth. 

  At home I can't get anything done because I'm bouncing back and forth between what I am working on (programming, research) and my other system with netflix, reddit, music ....  I found when I took my work laptop and went away from my battlestation, I was more productive.  At the end of the day my will is weak and I end up watching netflix & fiddling with my music library & browsing reddit. What's even more fun is using the workspace system in Ubuntu (or Mac) to categorize your work. Main project is top left, research top right, reference material bottom left, and music/background noise bottom right. Dual monitors with 8 workspaces... Fun I just got my tower at my desk replaced with an Ultrabook.  I now have three monitors.  I'm accustomed to using two, and I'm trying to find a productive way of having this third screen.  Right now it usually just has Reddit or FaceBook up, which is distracting.  Happily, it isn't as distracting as it probably could be.   I just had 3 different COMPUTERS all doing stuff at work today...  My desktop, with like a 24", and 2 laptops.  The laptops were mostly running grindy shit (start, wait a few hrs, check). Yes! I work with dual monitors for work and it's much easier to set a focal point on one particular screen. Great advice.  I switched from multi-monitor to one. 

Somehow I concentrate better, which I wasn't expecting. 

Plus, it made it acceptable to spend £150, as it was only a single screen :D I've always preferred multi-tasking and I seem to work better like that. That said I have a 4 monitor setup at work. One has work email, one has my help desk system (I'm in IT), one is for work research, and one is for dicking around. Also I keep a tablet with music playing and a Macbook that I use to VPN to my home computer on my desk.  Funnily enough, I can't cope with more than one monitor. I have a hard enough time focusing on the one. When I'm writing, I turn off my second monitor.  I need three but I only have two. I have my work monitor and my secondary monitor is split between reference and dicking around. I want one to dedicate to both of those things. There can be too much monitor real estate and productivity tends to start to drop at 28-32in. Thats what reports say.   I want I was unaware that people did that. I thought every knew main monitor front and center, additional monitors to the side.

Huh. TIL. I'm only using this arrangement because of an issue with the default compositor in Ubuntu, but [AwesomeWM](http://askubuntu.com/a/124649) does multiple workspaces really well. Each screen has its own set of 9 workspaces, some of which I've labelled. You can see them all on the taskbar as well as an indicator of whether or not they have a window.

My setup:

Left Screen : 1, 2:IM, 3:Mon, 4:Web, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9  
Right Screen : 1:IDE, 2:SCM, 3:Top, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9

I really only use the named ones. One of the recommendations for folks with ADHD is to have a clock visible to keep one anchored to the passing of time- Maybe you could run some sort of combination of media controls, clock app and shortcuts on that screen? I also prefer one screen. Somehow I couldn't find a good way to work with two, plus it was distracting. I actually found that 3 was too much for me, I bought 3 a few years ago to do some eyefinity gaming, which the appeal of quickly wore off, and then when I wasn't doing it I found I used the center and right monitor all the time, but the left monitor was almost always empty. 

I guess people are just different. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯ Interesting. I have four, one being 27" and I feel like my productivity is higher than ever. I am constantly out performing my fellow workers.  It all requires a bit planning, it is not expansive, it's just wood, the screen holders are cheap, the glass plate was around 50 EUR from a service where i give the exact size i want.... overall not an expensive setup :) This is an especially common setup at the office (staring at the bezel, lol), because two monitors was just something you're given and there it is instead of you actively seeking it out and after getting a second monitor, tweaking for an optimal experience. I wish I could take a picture of my desk and share! But I also have a main keyboard front and center, additional keyboard to the side, hah. (Main one is an Alphagrip, but I have the old keyboard and mouse hooked up for when I need to hit an awkward key combination.) I'm an artist, so having reference up is pretty common for me. If I have something I want to watch it fights for screen space with reference. Right now I have Futurama going, a photo reference and a skype chat in my second monitor. I have to readjust the sizes as I go I feel like I would completely ignore a left monitor if I had one. Feels much better to "turn right" for additional information than turning left. 