Unless you're doing something important right now, close all the tabs on your browser and go grab a glass of water. Sometimes my mind gets trapped staring at this internet machine! Just the small act of closing all the tabs and walking out of the room feels like a huge relief of stress. Why do I hunch over this thing all day?? Thanks hydration is super important  The obvious corollary: You're reading this on Reddit, therefore you're not doing anything important right now. It's like the meds aren't even there if I don't remember to drink much more water than I usually think is necessary.

edit: wanted to add; The best containers are metal ones with a screw cap that makes a tight seal and will not leak no matter what.  ADHD is bad enough, constantly getting water all over the place and getting annoyed by it is unnecessary.  I go with a metal container to keep my water free of BPA and other plasticizing agents that can leak out of plastic containers over time. I've started keeping a water bottle on my desk that has a rubber mouth piece. Judge me all you want, but I love chewing and sucking on it and then I get water too! Can we make this a recurring post? Like, several times a day? Thanks.  Just had one, but very good point. 

(Though leaving the tabs open, and just putting a big bottle of water next to you, could also work) ;) Does orange juice count? Thank you. Am now hydrated and ready to binge on Reddit and Netflix to the best of my ability Thank you. I'll do it!
Why only closing tabs and not shutting down the machine?
 That's basically information overload you want to learn so much that your mind is set on a loop. Actually just found a glass i left by the fridge over an hour ago...... sigh lol Thanks. Getting off reddit and going to run that errand.  I have an energy drink behind me, and a bottle of water. Sipping both of them regularly. But you did remind me that I needed to eat! (roundabout I know, but we keep our drinking glasses on the kitchen counter.) Good point *gets water* thanks. gonna go do dat! Shit, do I have to add water to my water if I'm already drinking water? Thanks bro, I don't eat or drink enough ever, and I need to be parched before I remember to have a drink This is the best advice lol okay, one minute Jokes on you, I only keep important tabs open and I've been drinking water since the last post that mentioned we forget to drink water. Also whoever keeps the tabs open is an animal. Wait- is forgetting to drink water an ADHD thing? Because that would at least give me a reason and a starting point to get better Like as if I would ever close all my tabs.  If I had to for some reason, I would have backup tabs on another work space. I am about to go to sleep but I really like this as a reminder! Thanks for the tip.  MAKE ME!!!! I think it might be time to close some of the tabs in my browser too.
[Too Many Tabs](http://i.imgur.com/KVljPSd.png). I do get cotton mouth while on meds. Sometimes it's much worse than others haha Well I always have a billion tabs open and sometimes I take a break from something important to diddle around on reddit. Really?  I've been struggling with the effectiveness of the meds (compared to when i first started taking them) and I know my water consumption is not up to standards (at all).  Does being dehydrated cause it to not work for you?

 Honestly I'm glad dry mouth is a side effect of mine. It just means I'm gonna remember to keep drinking water nonstop. Fuck, now I don't even remember if I took my pill today or not. I find unsweetened green tea is the answer for me.

For the first half of the day I drink about two litres of green tea. It's low in caffeine, but high enough to give me a little extra boost. And it keeps me hydrated. And it's good for your health in general.

Aside: For the second half of the day I drink two or three bottles of beer. Caffeine is a bad idea later in the afternoon, so that's off the menu. And the beer helps to take the edge off my medication's unpleasant side effects, but isn't enough alcohol to get me drink or cause health problems.  Why metal specifically? I have a green Nalgene that i swear by, I'm pretty sure its BPA free  My God, this is the exact thing I do too. You're not alone, my friend.  Try the app plant nanny. It's a game that reminds you to drink water irl. If you don't, your plant(s) die. I commandeered a case of water to put next to my computer for this purpose. You missed the point entirely. Close all the distractions walk away for a few minutes and when you come back with a clean start it will be easier to focus on the task at hand.  Orange juice is actually a bad choice:

Foods that contain large amounts of citric acid and ascorbic acid (vitamin C) will prevent the absorption of both Adderall IR and XR into the body. Fruit juices high in vitamin C, soda drinks, and food with high levels of preservatives should be avoided an hour before and after taking Adderall. Same thing. It's just a fresh slate of brain RAM. I feel like when I'm inside this machine with tons of tabs, I get stressed out cause I want to remember what they all are and what I was just doing. But it usually doesn't matter & I can just close them all and take a big sigh of relief. I hate when I forget to eat! I do that all the time when I'm at work and just buried in something. Then half the day is gone and I realize I never ate anything. So weird how that works. Not only do we forget to drink water, but stimulants are inherently dehydrating so we should be drinking more than normal. Plus dehydration causes brain fog in general. But just leaving the computer to reset your brain is a great feeling.  Dehydration tends to impair my mental ability in general, but I don't think it actually interferes with the medication. Just another variable in mental performance.   on many occasions it can be a night and day difference, and re-hydrating when it's too late often does not come nearly as close to making meds work right as staying hydrated in the first place. It's the other way for me, the dry mouth just makes it harder to tell when I'm thirsty. it could have other similar molecules used to make the plastic.  You won't find anyone advocating for the BPA-free Nalgene bottles more than Nalgene themselves.  With a metal container, there's no risk of any plasticizing agents leaking, whatsoever.  Be careful if you decide to pick one up, make sure it is lined on the inside with 100% food-safe stainless steel, as some metal containers line the inside with plastic--defeating the purpose entirely. Yeah i try to do the same. You're definitely more prone to drink water more often... 

 You also missed the point entirely. Close all the distractions walk away for a few minutes and when you come back with a clean start it will be easier to focus on the task at hand.  I've been doing this lately because our tap water tastes like cool garbage, but going through a case each week makes for a lot of wasted money in my eyes. Just ordered a 2 stage filtered water bottle to see if that saves money. Leaving the room to get a bottle of water, is enough of mental break, that when you come back, you can either continue on your tabs with a fresh mind, or you realise you should start fresh, and reboot.

Also, mind your tone a bit... In the sidebar; don't be a JERK. Yeah, but I'm not taking it today. The internet says that most stimulant pills are dehydrating, and dehydration causes 'brain fog.' So not drinking water makes it seem like they're not working. Even a healthy brain is fatigued by dehydration, but the pills making us dehydrated, plus we forget that we're thirsty = not going to have a good time. Well regardless of whether or not I'm thirsty, I want to drink to relieve the dryness. You want to drink before you're thirsty, anyway.  I wonder if this plays into the whole "eating less" side effect.... hmmm.  Maybe, but I'm not likely to end up doing that so I might as well stay hydrated. A filtered pitcher is another way to go about it. Let's be real, for some people with ADHD, sometimes it's hard to take direction unless it has an air of authority. Or it has an air of authority and I decide that I don't need to listen to it. Gosh darn, stupid ODD. Ughhhhh. This is the bane of my existence.  