What do you do when you're sick of your own shit but can't seem to stop it? Hey all. It's 6:30AM, I've been up since about ~12PM yesterday, and in all that time spent awake I've managed to accomplish one (1) minute and ten seconds of work, according to my work timer. I couldn't even tell you what I've been doing all day. I wish I could say I was hyperfocusing on something useful, so even if I didn't get any work done I at least learned something new or read something inspiring. I think I played video games for a bit and looked at stickers on Redbubble for about two hours, but that's all I can remember. 

Oh, and I downloaded Habitica. I've got daily planners and timetables and focus apps coming out of my ears - none of which seem to work - but maybe *this* is the app that'll finally fix my problems and get me all sorted out. /s

I was supposed to start an illustration today, buuut I didn't. Needed to sort out some finances - didn't. Had to take a shower, couldn't even manage that. And it's not just today either; I've been putting off this illustration all week. I've had ages to do it and I know as soon as I finish it, I'll have to do another one, and I'll never be able to work hard enough and focus for long enough to create an illustration buffer. I'll always be treading water and just barely keeping my head above.

Sorry, this turned into a rant but I'm pretty frustrated with myself right now, as I'm sure you can infer. The worst part is, I can *see* myself fucking around and wasting time but I can't seem to stop. I've got focus apps and website blockers and to-do lists on my phone and browser and paper post-its on my desk, but they don't... do anything. The focus apps get ignored, the website blockers get turned off, the to-do lists and post-its gather dust. I'm on meds as well (35mg dexamphetamine) but I don't think they do anything either.

I feel broken. Nothing that's supposed to help me helps me. And I know I'm self-sabotaging by turning apps off and ignoring alerts, but I don't know why I'm doing that, why I can't stick with it. I'm just so sick of myself, I'm so annoyed that I keep doing this, *every day* I do this shit, and I can't stop, I seem *physically unable* to stop myself from slacking off. And it's exhausting. I'm so, so tired of having to fight myself every fucking day to do these basic life tasks. Most days I lose, too.

So, like... what do you do? What *can* you do when nothing seems to work? How do you stop yourself from being your own worst enemy? How can you pull yourself together for just *one goddamn day*? I have no idea what to do, or how to make stuff work, or how to stick with things until they *do* work. It feels like I'm lost in the woods, and these lists and apps and meds are like maps to help me find my way out, but the problem is that I can't read them. They're meaningless to me, and thus useless as tools to help me navigate through the darkness.

**TL;DR:** I keep procrastinating and wasting time, and I lack the ability to care enough about it to stop. I can't make apps and lists work for myself and meds don't seem to do anything either. It's frustrating and I'm so fuckin' tired of this. What can you do when it feels like there's nothing left to do?  Haha I was up until 5AM last night, supposedly trying to proofread a 35-page document. I drank a lot of tea and got zero work done. Then left for work late without showering because... ? I'm a piece of useless garbage??? I am so sick of my own shit, and can't escape it. It's not like I can cut myself out of my life! My brain needs a day off, my brain gets a day off. I try not to dwell on unproductive days, they're just going to happen sometimes.

I know having too many off days can can make keeping up even harder, that's why it's important to keep them in mind when I set goals. I've accepted that, no matter how hard I try to stay on track, at some point or another I am going to get overwhelmed and have an off day. 

It's frustrating, but I've found that I recover a lot faster if I don't fight it or beat myself up. The off day hits and I go with the flow. Oh lord, this sounds like me. My goal was to write and complete a story and publish it to this one app. And its been like 3 years of never finishing a story. During all these years, I learned a lot about myself. And the sad thing is that I would say I quit writing, then 1 hour later I would go back to it. Only to have the same thing repeat again. Anyways so the problem is procrastinating. Have you tried to work in a different scenery? Maybe somewhere, you would be inspired to get your work done. One thing that makes me finish my work is when I know I'm under pressure. If I somehow convince myself that If I don't get something done, I'm going to fail.It makes me go faster, or if I have a deadline.  Another idea is working for a little bit, then try taking a break. Get away from it, and do something nice for yourself then come back to work again. 
     
Something I learned about myself is that I tend to get distracted easily. Since I am a writer, I have all these ideas, and I just can't control them. Sometimes this is the problem if you have too much on your plate. Why not try to list them in order, and try to get them done one by one? 

I seriously would love an answer to this too. It's torture. One day I'm all inspired, so I try to write. but at the end of the day, I get nothing done. So I get frustrated and swear that I will never write again in my life. One day later, I feel like I cant live my life without writing. So I come back, get my laptop, start writing, then end of up getting nothing done. 


 Do you think you would be able to force yourself to take a step back and breathe? If not, when I feel like I’m that frenetic energy mode, I give control to someone else. I will tell my mom how I’m feeling and what I need to do and she will tell me exactly what and when to do it. It takes the decision making and prioritization out of my hands and I can kind of turn off my brain. That really helps me get things done and ignore the tornado in my head.  Headspace app is honestly helpful for me If you figure it out, let us know. I'm 36 and haven't ever cracked it. Never even close.

But there was only one time I got close. My wife was diagnosed with a disease and was scheduled for a life-changing operation. It was a few months of hyper worry and anxiety. I was able to go running every day, keep the house clean, focus on work...

But only because I was basically procrastinating in dealing with my wife's medical issue.

Since then, I got used to it, and I'm right back to my old habits.

-------

Other than that, about your basic hygiene issues. I can't fathom what I'd do if I wasn't married. I'd probably fall asleep on the couch every day and only take showers before work as to not smell. I'd wear the same unwashed clothes every day.

It's so frustrating to see my wife up every five minutes doing some random chore. It takes me 20 minutes to psych myself up enough to get up and do some menial task. Go for a run, stop making excuses, plan what you'll realistically get done in the next hour, get meds, set a routine. The path to success, for someone with ADHD, is the same as that of a lazy person. We just didn't choose to be lazy. Just want to say, like a lot of people here, I can relate. I stay up until 2AM most nights doing absolutely nothing of value. There are bills to pay and appointments to make, but I don’t. I actually totaled my cars engine because I failed to get the oil changed for an entire year. Because why? I’m not lazy: I was a straight A student in school and have always been a high performer at work, but when it comes to things outside of a structured environment I totally fall apart. I don’t do any housework and it causes tension with me fiancé. 



I’ve tried every app, hack, self-help book out there. Like you, I simply ignore my reminders or turn off time trackers. I don’t know why I do it - it’s an impulse. People around me say “when an alert goes off, just do it” or “pick one small thing and start there.” Gee, thanks. I’m 28 and have never thought of that life-changing piece of advice. I am recently diagnosed and hope to try medication soon.



In the meantime, the advice that I have is to try and be kind to yourself. You really are doing the best that YOU can given YOUR situation. Try not to measure yourself against others. Give yourself a break. Tomorrow is another day. Acknowledge the things you did do, even if they are tiny. ANY win counts. Did you brush your teeth? Get dressed? Good job! Getting fed up with yourself is normal but not productive.  Usually I slap myself hard and then I snap my fingers to focus. It works for a very limited period of time though. When I "can't seem to stop it", it is usually because I really can't. 