How to describe my mind... When I tell people my mind never shuts up I use this analogy.

You know in Monsters Ink where they keep all the doors? That is my mind. It’s like flying doors of randomness and  you open up one door, whoops wrong door, open another And another one after another one until you find the one you’re looking for.  Relevant Xkcd: https://xkcd.com/1106/ Finding that special door is such an adventure though I find. That's a good one. 

I like the description of it being like an internet browser with a ton of tabs open that you keep clicking back and forth between.  I say that my mind is like a browser with 120 tabs open.  Sometimes it crashes.  And unfortunately when that happens some of the tabs are just gone for good.  But no worries,  I'll have 10 more tabs open in 3 minutes.
 Monsters Inc 
ftfy Honestly I have described having ADHD as living with a bunch of hyperactive squirrels living in my brain, constantly nattering away at me, a million steps ahead in the conversation, getting distracted by the tiniest details, when all I want to do is work dammit I forgot all about that movie, loved it back when I was younger I saw it at the theatre thanks for the nostalgia!  Also sometimes I like to describe my brain as a radio with no dials that just changes channels at random. Mine is like a blender that everything goes into - at the end of the day it's like someone took the lid off the blender while it was running. Way I always describe it is a radio playing static, you think you occasionally hear something that makes sense in and amongst the buzz so you try and listen really hard but it goes back to buzz or a new transmission comes through that you have to check for and you lose the first one forever Huh... The way I see my mind, sometimes it's like there are more than 10 tabs opening and I've no idea where the damn music is coming from. Sometimes it's like a series of light bulbs, lighting up after one another (one thought leads to another). Then sometimes it's like driving a spaceship in the universe, wandering aimlessly and not knowing what to do. Then the comic one of the guys here posted, having many thoughts at once and not knowing what to do first, and etc. There's just... so many examples I don't even know how to list them at all, plus I just suck at describing things Got another one--it just popped into my head this morning (as most things do) while I was making breakfast--a pinball machine. That poor little ball bounces all over the place.  Ooo I like yours! I was JUST diagnosed, officially with ADHD--yesterday! At the tender age of... 32. I am, however, very interested in psychology and MBTI, so I always assumed my brain was a reflection of my personality type--INTJ, btw. 

I like the radio analogy and I use it a lot, long before I realized I had ADHD and saw my doctor about it. Mine is a tiny bit different, though--I describe it as turning the dial through the radio stations and hearing all of the different ones, with a lot of static in between each one.  