How may tabs do you have open on your browser right now? I'm up to 27 across 2 browsers and incognito mode.  2\. 2 tabs. I don't know if 24 years of undiagnosed, untreated ADHD has caused me to develop ultra-minimalism or something, but there are some 'common traits' of ADHD individuals that I just don't identify with. I truly dislike chaos and unpredictability, instead of thriving on it like a lot of ADHD people seem to.  91 tabs spread across 2 browser and 4 windows.
 Right now I have 32 tabs open split amongst 3 browsers.   Don't know if the extra word document counts either? I clear them up every 2 days or so. Sometimes it gets too difficult going through them as I'm reminded why I wanted to read that page and leave it there, tell myself I'll come back to it, and then the cycle begins....at least my new laptop can handle it better than my old one :D 22, and that's because I lost all my tab groups the other day when firefox crashed. I might have been up to 40 something. 10, but I just went through and closed a bunch yesterday though, it was 19. On phone, 26 on 1 browser. I had 55 tabs open yesterday afternoon so got busy closing them till I got down to about 16. Tried reminding myself that if I really was that curious I could always go search for it again. Saved a few bookmarks, and have crept back up, it would appear. I got 31, pretty much always have a ton lol I use an extension in chrome called the Great Suspender.
Because I would do the same, get four windows all chocked with 20 tabs and then my computer would crash. So now it automatically suspends so I they are still there once I get my focus back on them hours later... I just found a great new app to help with this called [Station](https://getstation.com) . It puts all your web apps (I have 3xgmail/calendar/docs, Evernote, canva, Notion and 2x slack. 

It’s really helped me decrease tab clutter. It’s also feee.  151 
Not diagnosed yet, but have a GP appt Tuesday :/
 39 on my phone none on my computer because I had over 160 and some issue made my profile disappear and took all the tabs with it a couple of days ago  I only have 5! However it would be a different story if this was my home computer lol. We have to shut down our computers every night so they can't build up like they do at home.  40 on my phone alone... don’t even want to check my computer 😬 6 6 on my phone and 7 on my laptop :) 18. I tend to go through them and try to clear up some of the stuff before i go to bed. 94 tabs - most on regular browser, a few on private mode (all on my phone) 2 windows with a total of 31. 240 across 4 windows. I usually have 2 or 3 tabs across 1-2 windows but I tend to close and reopen sites constantly. I'ts like checking the fridge. Literally (on my computer) and figuratively (in life) I have somewhere around 378 tabs open at all times.  68 tabs, split across 2 browser windows. I know what you mean, if that makes any sense. Undiagnosed myself, but I was incredibly fastidious about everything as a child. It's only as a grow up that I'm surprised what a slob I'm becoming, young me would be horrified lol.  I don't like a lot of tabs either. I actually get pretty obsessed about it... Yeah. 1 tab. Watching a podcast. I've learned to chill out significantly when it comes to my non linear thinking. 46 tabs across 2 browsers and 4 windows > Don't know if the extra word document counts either?

I didn't consider those, was only going by internet tabs. If we're counting other programs and mobile devices my number is almost doubled.  That's why I started spreading it out across 2 browsers. They crash less often now and it's easier to navigate.  Twinzie!  That is a godsend. I'd otherwise run out of ram from the dozens of tabs I always have open Oh shit I wasn't even considering mobile devices So true. How much ram you rockin? Haha same! I only got it once I got a few memory crashes and realized it was my absent minded tab collection. Haha well I counted it because I was sitting at my computer desk browsing reddit on my phone at the time 16 GB, though my computer has been screwy after I had to replace the SSD with a regular one.  i have 8gb of ram, but still use a taskbar indicator to remind me how bad it is getting. many sites, like facebook, are hogs 