My psychiatrist told me that I don't have ADHD. Okay, so I'm travelling, and I'm bored (well, that's not the right word for it, I'm never really bored, I always find something to do) so I'm just going to tell you guys a story. I don't know how long will this be, it's just some venting.

So after reading a lot about ADHD/ADD, and coming to this sub, and seeing how similar my problems are to yours, guys, I went to a psychiatrist, in hope of getting prescribed some meds, so I can finnish high-school, and go to college (I nearly failed my latest year of high-school).

So yeah, I get an appointment, I go in there, and he starts asking me about my symptoms, and some other stuff. After talking for like ten minutes he tells me, that it's very unlikely that I've got any form of ADHD, because of the following: 
Adult ADHD doesn't even exist. 
If I really had it, I couldn't sit through this conversation, and I would be jumping around already. (Guess he doesn't know about ADHD-PI)
If I really had it, I couldn't sit in the front of my pc all day, despite me telling him, that I do a lot of things there, and that most of the time I have 10-20 tabs opened in my browser. I also tell him, that I'm mostly lost in my thoughts, and hyperactivity is something that occurs rarely.

So yeah, I don't know how to feel at this moment, my bullshit-o-meter is showing high values, but he's the "best" psychiatrist in my town, so whatever, I listen to him. He tells me that I have some kind of phobic anxiety, or some shit, and prescribes me some memory boosters, anti-depressants, and benzos.

Alright, I go home, thinking that he's the professional, he must know his shit, and take my first dose of meds, in hope of getting some good effects. I start feeling the effects after taking them for a few days. My passion for life gets to zero, I still can't get myself to do shit, but I don't care, and I don't feel guilty about it. My mood is bad, and I'm even less outgoing, and social. And let's not even talk about unability to focus.

So yeah, that's my little story, I feel somehow hopeless, and don't know what to do. I thought about telling him to just prescribe me ADHD meds for a week or so, just to see if it affects me, but I'm afraid he'll think that I just want to sell or abuse them.

I'm looking forward to hearing your opinions guys.

edit. just thought about saying that I'm bored isn't true, writing this is just something I found to do.

TL;DR: psych told me I don't have ADHD, and diagnosed me with phobic anxiety after a 10 minutes long conversation. The meds he prescribed me just made me not to care about not doing shit, and didn't help me in any way. >Adult ADHD doesn't even exist. 

Yea, go find a different doctor. ADHD doesn't 'go away' after childhood ends. We've just learned to 'cope' in various ways.  Find someone who specializes in ADHD. This doctor is extremely ignorant about it. Psychologytoday has a search function where you can find psychiatrists in your area.  Get a second opinion. He put you on a crazy cocktail, Benzos are addictive as anything. Anxiety is totally real, but generally people don't need to be convinced they have it... The first psychiatrist I went to told me I didn't have it, insisting that I was brain damaged from drinking at parties and stuff like that (wtf?!), and was generally dismissive of anything I was trying to tell her about my work, at school as a kid, etc.  Went to another, they listened, got diagnosed, got on Ritalin, now on track with taking my life back the way I want it.  And all this was after a string of misdiagnoses and being on an antidepressant which messed me up!

  Go to another psych dude, this one is broken. The name ADHD does the biggest disservice to what the disorder is really about - executive dysfunction. ADHD is more about being unable to exercise your willpower to force yourself to focus on things that doesn't naturally capture your interest for the sake of getting through what's important rather than not being able to sustain attention.  During High School I was told by my pill pushing shrink that I must not have ADD after I revealed to him that I can focus like a laser, to the detriment of my own bodily functions, on certain things that I'm really interested in. I was asking him how to point that laser at something else besides Legos, video games, and books and his response was to tell me that, "If you can focus like that on anything then you must not have ADD." I was furious with him because I felt he had no desire to listen to me and was dismissing my plea for help. I turned to my mom and asked her, "Can I fire him? Do we have to stay here and talk to him?" She gave me permission with a nod and I proceeded to inform him that he was fired.

Now that I'm older I see that he was, in fact, an entitled jerk and he was operating under ignorance. He also probably was working from the belief that there are no behavioral aspects to treating psychological conditions (turns out this is very common), just neuro-chemical ones.

It is important to figure out your doctor's perspective on your potential condition(s), it will greatly impact how you are treated.

If you are doing more homework on ADHD than your doctor you might end up knowing things they don't. It doesn't mean that you should self diagnose (I strongly urge you to not self diagnose), it just means you need to find another doctor, one who will listen to you, does her homework, and shares your basic perspective on how to treat your condition.


TL:DR
I fired my HS pill pushing shrink for being an ignorant ass.
Not all doctors are right, get a second, or third opinion.
Take time to Understand your doctor's perspective as it will GREATLY impact your treatment.
Don't be afraid to fire your doc and find another one.
 Isn't sticking around with him the same as going to a dentist who doesn't believe in teeth? What exactly are "memory boosters" those sound very helpful. How do I get them?  Did you end up finding a new doctor ? I'd love to know what happened. Sorry they put you through the ringer ^ ^ What he/she said.  You may or may not have ADHD (although it sounds like there's a decent chance you do), but the statement that adult ADHD doesn't exist is absolutely untrue and a giant red flag.  This guy isn't going to help you figure out what you need to know.

Also, if the meds that he gave you ostensibly to help you feel better are only making you feel worse, just stop taking them.  If you haven't already. Completely agree this guy sounds like a quack what version of the DSM is he reading :p Thank you, I will check it out once I'm back home. Actually my grand parents are doctors, so they know about other doctors in my area. They (along with others) told me that this guy is the best psychiatrist here. I can't imagine what the others must be like then. Yeah, well I'm actually afraid of taking benzos, but whatever. I know some people who are addicted to Xanax and, damn, I don't want to get there. Yes, thank you! That's exactly what I was thinking. Anyhow, staying focused on things I don't want to do is still hard, even if I got myself to start doing them. I think that's why I'm the most creative during class. The name ADHD does the biggest disservice to what the disorder is really about - executive dysfunction. ADHD is more about being unable to exercise your willpower to force yourself to focus on things that doesn't naturally capture your interest for the sake of getting through what's important rather than not being able to sustain attention.  I think mine is named Cavinton or something like that. They prescribe it mainly for old people, who start to forget things. It basically increases the blood flow in your brain, so yeah. Talk to your doc, he must help you out. Yeah, when he made that statement, I felt like leaving his office at that very moment. I stopped taking the meds, I've read that anti-depressants will fuck you up if you're not actually depressed. Thank you ! 