I always find myself keeping like 200 tabs open at all times I just got a new phone, and before I knew it I was at 180 tabs. Prolly around 60 on my pc. My last phone had 140 opened before it broke and I was devastated they weren't backed up in the cloud. It was an ongoing joke with a few friends a little while back.

Edit: I feel comforted to know I'm not alone New question on an self report diagnostic questionnaire, "how many browser tabs do you have open on you internet capable devices?"  "Why is Chrome taking up 3GB of RAM? \*opens browser window\* Oh..." I use the One Tab extension on Chrome. It lets me collapse and organize all of my tabs, so I can still have that article that I swear I'm going to read without it actively being open. It's really helped me. Literally have over 4,000 emails in my inbox. I’m late to the party here but there’s an extension called The Great Suspender that freezes tabs you haven’t used in the last 15 minutes or so, so you won’t clog up your memory  Personally having too many tabs open bugs me, since it's harder to immediately identify which tab is which. 

So I have 5 windows with several tabs open  Same. I just closed five and felt like a hero.  when i used to do that, i'd have a habit of "save all tabs to bookmarks".  (many browsers have this)  

It's wonderful, like opening a clean desk drawer and sweeping your entire desk's contents into it before closing it.  And it can do it time and time again, it just makes a new folder in my bookmarks everytime. Nope, I don't get this, I obsessively close all tabs but two. Sometimes I just close my eyes and shut my browser down. Nothing bad ever happens so far. I just signed up for the Pocket app. Kinda like Pinterest, but not. I saved every last fucking tab there to “read later”. My mind already feels better not having a bajillion tabs open, but also knowing they’re still out there for me to read at some point.  I think more than 7-8 it is hard to keep track of them and go back to anything.   ?    Grab Tab Snooze for Chrome. You can snooze it out for days, months, ever… Snooze is a procrastinator’s dream and curse. Works great for browsing neat stuff and breaking the overwhelming sensation of wanting to soak it all up at once.  I am the complete opposite of this. If I have more than a couple open at any given time, it feels cluttered and stresses me out, so I immediately close them. This goes for anything on my desktop like the task bar or tray. 

The same can't be said about my head as I have about 400 of them open at all times playing the Gandalf nodding head gif accompanied by the epic sax guy riff.

https://youtu.be/Sagg08DrO5U [OneTab](https://www.one-tab.com/) [me rn](https://imgur.com/a/NUYK2zG).  doesn't seem too bad, but it is one of 2 chrome windows open and I've got a firefox window going as well.  This is just my work computer.  my own computer is dramatically worse.   Underrated comment

Well, not anymore Yeah fr. I'll be like "whys my computer so slow, it has 12gb of ram?"... realize I have 145 tabs open between 3 browsers I have session buddy u can save sessions. cant get extensions on mobile doe YUP, me too it’s too late now to delete them  I've now set myself that my Inbox has to be empty and everything read before I go home from work, I've enjoyed this but I still even find it hard. In my previous job my Inbox was an uncontrollable mess, I had a folder called 'Unsorted' that maybe once every month or so I'd CTRL+A and just move to 'Unsorted'.

There must have been about 8k unread E-Mail's in there, nothing was critical in there.

I've now a folder for clients with sub-folders for each one, vendors and then again sub-folders for each one. I've created some rules for certain vendors that are adamant on sending me SPAM to auto-file those but I also make sure every E-Mail is read before going home.

However, my personal mailboxes as much as I try there is 4k of unread just in inbox, I've given up on all hope with just that personal mailbox there are others.... I use sessionbuddy for my computer Im just afraid I'll forget about something. Prolly a quarter of them are just google searches tbh Tbh Im lucky if I get to 2 before I get sidetracked Yes, but then I feel like I'll forget about them. In fact, I always do when I do. Thanks for reminding me to organize my bookmarks, though. Id be devastated  pocket and hashtags will help that tab issue Imma check that out! The first tab opened doen't see the light of day for months at a time Most of my tabs are on mobile indeed. Some days are better than others for lucidity. And you triggered the expression, kudos to you too.
 My MacBook air cannot handle the 40 tabs I always have open yet nothing else is running but i always open more I created a macro that opened the emails for me. I paused it on important emails. It was fun sitting trough 15000 emails... Gotta get a new email ahah ADHD organization at its finest. Check out the Unroll me app too That’s why I felt like a hero! 😂 i think i do it more as a way of coping with a hoarding instinct.  I hate to lose things, but know i need to move on, and this way i know it's not lost and isn't taking up precious space.  

I almost never come back to these hoarded folders of bookmarks, but i take comfort that it's there.  It makes me feel that even tho i seem to waste so much of my time, i do have *something* to show for it even if it's not finished & polished into something succinct & useful.  It's like... oh this is my GRECO-ROMAN MYTHOLOGY room where i had a brief unstoppable infatuation with the subject, \**closes door**.  My personal Museum of Hyperfocus.

I guess it's a way of drawing a line under Hyperfocus events, so i don't feel any obligation to continue study into the subject when i'm no longer interested.  Feelings of obligation (& then shame) can be kinda paralyzing if you don't take efforts against them.  
"*See i'm not throwing it away, all my work is still there, i'm just putting it in a draw. It's not a total waste.*"
I give myself permission to make a mess, it's ok.  Otherwise perfectionism will lead to constant paralyzing procrastination and i'd do nothing. Check out one tab..it puts all your tabs onto one for later. Mine maybe a week or two sometimes, but when I like something it's "Oh, <friend / relative> would like this, I will send him a link" and I think the link is in my 'sent' folder, and I can close the tab.    And then tfw your poor overworked MacBook lets you know by overheating to the point of pain upon contact. Macbook airs cant handle minecraft
Edit: on low graphics Did have Unroll on personal account, I do like my filing of emails at end of day especially doing it manually, I guess the positivity of seeing it so clear is nice.  Most of my tabs are on my phone 