Internet is really bad for us ADHD people. * multiple tabs in a browser
* distracting content in websites. For instance, I wanted to check messages in my linkedin account, and 'hey an interesting article!'... ooh let's investigate further by opening a new tab and searching further into topic ... after an hour .. what am I doing?
* youtube .. don't ask me .. 

I wish there was a nice cleaner internet without distractions.  But also so good. I learn so much because I'm off the wall interested in everything haha. :) I'm the same way. My phone is so toxic to my ADHD. When I'm watching a movie, I almost always reach for my phone. Lol It's such a bad habit, but so distracting! I'm so glad I never had a smartphone during school, though! -_-  I made this as my homepage, and default when i'm trying to restrict myself. https://sucs.org/~zephyr/Focus.htm As an Internet addict I couldn't agree more. I have zero idea what else to do with myself away from a screen, more often than not.

I do need more "non-screen" habits. Meditation worked well for me in the past, as did general exercise if I could tame my god awful executive functions and stick to a workout routine that wasn't just aimless walking. 

Peculiarly I've never had much of an issue at all with smartphones. It's being seated and in front of a screen that causes me problems.  http://www.timewellspent.io/ *multiple tabs in a browser*

Screw that, I am sitting here in front of four screens 
:D There might be a browser extension to fix your problem, assuming you are using chrome. Some of the extensions block every site other than the ones you whitelist. I haven't used them personally but I've heard of them Yep... and I work as a Web developer, so I'm on a computer all day.  If i really need to focus i just hide my phone so it cant distract me. Internet is crack to my ADHD mind. I can follow every side question and thought I have. A thought pops in my head, and boom, Google can answer that question in an instant. Which leads to another pondering question. Boom, Google, answer. I've always been like this, but as a kid I spent hours at the library following the leads. Then searching newsgroups. Then the web. Finally a device in my pocket that can answer every thought that pops into my brain.

It's gotten bad.

I'd argue it's addiction levels. I'm not sure what to do- I use the phone as a phone too. But the internet is so easy. Right there... Adblock helps!  I found a whole bunch of new subreddits... binged the top posts for hours, went to bed too late. 7 tabs just from this sub right now. /r/youtubehaiku is like crack I usually have dozens of tabs open. Sometimes it's good to just say fuck it and close them all Bit late, but have you tried something like RescueTime or StayFocused? StayFocused is a Chrome extension that lets you make blacklists/whitelists of sites and block them either all the time or for set periods; RescueTime tracks ALL of your computer time - for each individual website, and other programs like games etc - and gives you a rundown per hour/day/week/month/year of where your time goes. The paid version of RescueTime lets you block websites a la StayFocused, and gives you more tools and options for analysis, goal-setting, etc, and lets you look on longer timescales (a year or more I think). You can usually get it for $25-40 a year when it's on sale - to be honest I'm worse than I used to be in terms of impulse control/focus and don't tend to use it nowadays, but when I did it was awesome, I recommend it. Of course people like us often have a tendency to get bogged down in analysing stuff as opposed to taking action, but actually being able to see that you spent 300 hours on Twitter or 500 hours on Facebook, or how much time you spend on bullshit between 2 and 3am, is sometimes a good spur-on to making changes. When I'm off my meds, I end up with like 10 - 20 tabs open that I forget about and I barely read any of them, preferring the instant gratification and ease of just refreshing pages for new content. 

When I'm on my meds, I have a bunch of tabs open, but I usually do read them thoroughly, lol. 

And when I need to be productive, I just straight up block my favorite sites using either Focus or Self-Control.  I hate the internet almost as much as I love it.
 True. One good thing about having ADHD is that you have so much random knowledge XD AAAAND it's 5:47 AM, gotta go to work at 8.. I actually go to the movies a ton just for this reason. The one thing that can override my desire to look at my phone during a movie is my desire not to be an asshole who looks at his phone in a dark movie theater. 

At home though, game over.  I know, I have to force myself to leave my phone alone when watching a movie or TV show. I'll look at my phone for a bit, realize I missed something on the and rewind 30 seconds, be on my phone again and have to pause the TV, and repeat Brilliant. May have to do the same myself.  Nice! I changed mine to that. 
Then I opened a bunch of tabs about browser extensions... wait a second... I'm still wasting time aren't I... If you bring a photo camera, there's no such thing as aimless walking! I have ADHD and chronic pain/fatigue. I needed to exercise for more energy but was always too tired to do so. Pokemon Go helped break that feedback loop. Now I'll walk somewhere if it is within a mile, mile and a half -not all the time, but way more than never. I take walks around the block with my mum a couple times a week, which is major progress for me. Hopefully I can build up enough endurance/habit to do more. It isn't even about catching pokemon on the walks anymore, I just want to make the eggs hatch. It gives me a tangible distance that I need to walk in order for a tangible reward to occur. 

Maybe pokemon go isn't your thing or would do more harm than benefit, but there are other apps that reward you for exercising a certain amount and penalize you if you don't. "Pact" is one of them. That'll probably be my next "step" in upping my exercise game/making it more regular. Do you have a setup like barnicules nerdgasim I can relate to this too well, random knowledge is the best knowledge Ha! 

In my experience yes, but its faster to identify and change course. 