OK, so count your open tabs, let's see who has the most. It was pointed out to me some months ago on this sub that other ADHDers tend to let their tabbed browser windows get a little out of control.

currently I only have 39 on my laptop(crashed recently and lost a bunch). but I have 26 on my iphone and 35 on my tablet.
Gotta love Chrome and synced tabs, what a life saver!

Edit: It looks like /u/asm_ftw is the winner with 1232 open tabs in Firefox. Congrats! Slightly unrelated to your question. I actually get a lot of anxiety if I don't close my tabs. I can't handle more than like three. Researching for school is a nightmare for me. (I'm not medicated) 

Edit: I currently have three. Before Firefox flipped its digital table and nuked everything from orbit, I was up to 636. I currently have 84 open (~7.8GB), most related to my ongoing job search. I have a bad habit of wiki-surfing, then bookmarking the unread articles for a later date, then never getting back to them. I cleaned out all those old bookmark folders recently though, so that aspect is relatively clean. Right now on my Android, Chrome just opens up a new tab to do anything new. So right now I have 67 tabs open, 0 of them being related. 

BUT THEY'RE ALL IMPORTANT.  I usually have 30-40 in chrome (personal, gmail, calendar, news, etc), 15 or so in Firefox (school), and 15+ in opera (work). 

Love tabs. I remember the days of opening new windows with horror. So many windows.  Topped out at 70 on the desktop.  I kill tablet browsers trying this. Hey, only 42 right now! Go me. Closed out 76 a few minutes ago... Up to 12 again. Ranges from 50 to almost 200 on my home desktop. Chrome tends to destabilize around 200 I've noticed. It's not a RAM issue, as I have 32GB. 98, but only because FF crashed awhile back and refused to recover tabs, so I am missing another 70 or so. :( Everyone should try the chrome extension OneTab. It compresses all of your open tabs into a window, effectively closing them so they don't slow down your browser. You can then open them again at will
 ~150 Using a bunch of addons to firefox. It helps keep things i promised myself I would checkout in view rather that hidden away in a bookmark menu somewhere where it cant see it and subsequently forget they exists. I used to have multiple windows with 50+ in each, but I have made it a point to keep my tabs and windows to a minimum the last few months. I figure if I'm not going to read something now, what makes me think I'll read it later? If I really will read it later, I'll bookmark it and find it that way. My computer runs faster now, and it's *way* easier to find he stuff I do have open. I still end up with a couple dozen open at once when I'm researching something, but that's usually brief. Check it the extension pagesnooze if you are keeping them open to remind yourself to check something out later. It basically works like a snooze on an alarm and pops the tab back up when a set amount of time passes.  It continues to work even if the computer is shut down. It will just pop it back up the next time you open chrome. My browser crashing is devastating to me. 5 now, i can't go over ten or my shit freaks out. 1232 right now, firefox does a great job not loading or caring about tabs until they are focused on, so when it inevitably gets slow, I can quit and reload it. I also use session manager to keep track of them. I do a lot of research and programming, and it really helps to have a sort of "browsing log" of things I decide to keep tabbed up. 

The last time it got this big, I was able to clear out over 900 tabs and still have about 150 left that I cared about. I swear im not this big of a hoarder in any other aspect of my life... I've got seven on my tablet, and nine on my phone. The husband has six on his laptop and his phone is dead so we don't know. Wow I didn't know this was a add thing. My tabs are nothing, you should see my windows desktop.  What do all your tabs have in them, articles? Why not dump them in Instapaper or Pocket? I have literally thousands of articles there I'll almost certainly never get around to reading! (On the upside, I'll never be short of something interesting to read..) Okay, so, I've got Chrome, Iron, Firefox, Opera, and even fucking I.E. set to save my session... when one browser gets too unwieldy (full), I open an other, because I just want to "check this one thing real quick". Of course you know where that goes. Each browser has over 100 tabs. That's actually how it happened. I started installing new browsers because after a reboot or something, or say, after closing a 100+ monstrosity before launching a game, I realize I want to check one thing real quick... so I just installed a second browser. But one tab is more reasonable to leave open in RAM when I start a game than a hundred... it goes from there. It's gotten to the point where I'll load Eve Online to use the in-game-browser, or a fast loading, simple, yet full screen Steam game just so I can hit shift+tab, bring up steam overlay, and use the steam browser.


... Do I win? D:


Edit: Bookmarks? Yeah, new bookmarks get lost in the pile of tens of thousands of existing bookmarks from as far back as the mid 90's. Tripod, Angelfire, Geocities pages, all dead now I'm sure, but still bookmarked. 115 on Chrome before closing a few of them.

A few days ago it didn't save so I would have had more if that didn't happen. Two. [This thing](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tabs-outliner/eggkanocgddhmamlbiijnphhppkpkmkl?hl=en) was a lifesaver. twenty-five! BUT THEY'RE ALL IMPORTANT AND I'M GOING TO READ THAT ARTICLE REAL SOON, OH LOOK A CHICKEN.  Relevant LPT for Chrome users (this might also work in others):

Ctrl-tab = next tab

Shift-Ctrl-tab = previous tab

Ctrl-F4 = close current tab

Shift-Ctrl-T = reopen the last thing you closed (works more than once)

Cheers!

Edit: only 5 open currently but often a lot more... [deleted] 17 73, I really need to go and close some I had upwards of 20 earlier, down too nine now! fuck yes. Someone tell me if I used the proper form of too and why.  I'm the opposite, I get super paranoid if I have too many. The instant the size of the tabs need to resize is when I decide there are too many. Glad I'm not alone. I started using tumblr and springpad to file things away, it has helped a lot. With the chrome extensions I can quickly save down articles and websites to different lists. That way I can close the tabs but circle back to the links later if there's anything I need.  [Auto close tabs](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/autoclose-tabs/) Fifteen.. usually as bad as it gets but sometimes I'll end up with multiple windows with 10+ and forget about the other windows. 15 13! seems I'm doing pretty well atm. I just bookmark all the tabs I think I'll need, and close the rest. Information overload ha.  I can never have more than three. I close the extra ones, panic, then I go on a wild google chase looking for them, until I remember I can just use history. 2 I try and limit the number of open tabs I have, since I close my browser every so often anywhere, but I have a gazillion bookmarks that I really need to organize into folders and delete the useless ones.

I do usually have like 15 tabs open at once, but I also have 3 email accounts I'm in charge of for my on campus job as well as several other accounts to other websites, and I tend to keep them all open at once, so I have an excuse for those at least. When I start doing research for a program I can end up with like 30 tabs open to various programming examples and definitions and things. I'm usually at a steady ~35.

But lately I've been really interested in things that aren't online, running at a small amount of 7! If I stayed on here for an hour.... 40+.
I got another monitor just to fit more tabs.  I'm only at 19, relatively few compared to some of you folks, but then again, I'm using tab sugar, who knows what is in the other grouped tabs I have hidden away.
 80-ish... but I'm not going to look on my other devices to count those. 37 on my phone, not sure about my laptop but I bet it's at least that many. I had 74 on my phone the other day... Jokes on you, I just woke up and this is the first reddit thread I saw on my laptop today I get up to about 60 every single night as I go through my progression of FB,  Reddit, local news, weather, sports, webcomics, online shopping, gmail, entertainment news, music... 14... since I woke up an hour ago. didn't realize this was an adhd thing! I recently closed a lot of tabs so i only have 34 in chrome and 14 in firefox..

Most of them related to projects I'm working on (or rather planning to work on) Use tree-style tabs. It is the best. I have 6 on my phone and 12 in my laptop (I'm stuck away from home, so my desktop can't come into play)  I feel like my 7 at the moment are not as much now :) Uhhh.. when I'm done with something, I close it.  If I want it back, I can easily reopen it.  I think I actually got that habit from having an incredibly slow computer back in the day (1.1 GHz CPU, 256 Mb of RAM)

My room, however, is an inglorious mess. 54.

I usually never have this many open, just happened to be scrolling down my multi-reddit when I came across this thread, after having opened many tabs hehe I have eleven. 29! So about average for me. Any more and I get irritated because I can't read the titles. Plus it upsets my laptop. 74 on my laptop!  What a relief, you caught me at a good time.  I only got 4 open in a single browser, usually it's about 3 browsers with 8-12 tabs a piece. I typically have many hundreds, spread over many windows, roughly topically sorted. Right now I only have 56, which is highly unusual.

I used tabs the way other people use bookmarks. 37 If I have more than two open at a time, I start going into panic mode. My neck will itch and turn red / splotchy. It's embarrassing because I have OCD about things like this pretty badly, so I can't really explain to my brother or boyfriend (both who live with me) why opening that third tab / window starts me down my insane path of uneasiness.   22 open on my computer, 12 open on my phone...not that bad compared to what it is sometimes.

I should also mention that my browser is set to automatically open up 14 different tabs every time I start Chrome. I used to have anywhere from 15 to 30-something tabs open on average (and I would pin tabs that I didn't want to close to 'save space' so I could at least see the first word or so in the title of the page's tab) until I realized that they took up a bunch of RAM. Now I start getting worried when I have more than 6! (my RAM usage percentage looks so much nicer now, though) Only 14. And I'm a writer, so when I'm researching a piece I open a ton of tabs, then weed through them for info.

I limit myself to 5 non-work tabs at a time, or else I'd never accomplish anything!
 11, but I just cleaned house a half hour ago - down from about 20.  6 on my tablet, 4 on my phone, 8 on my computer.

Last week I had two Firefox windows open with about 12 tabs each. It's gotten to the point that I have to categorize my tabs by browser windows. 156 in Firefox.  23 in Chrome.  38 in Opera. I bookmark all of my tabs so I can always go back and read them. Fuck...

6 on firefox (bullshitting around browser this session)

11 tabs on chrome (they're all task related) my friend usually has 20 37.

Wasn't sure if this was an ADHD thing or an Aspie thing.  But Firefox 10 (work computer, IE sucks, won't let us download Chrome, won't let us upgrade past Firefox 10, don't ask me why) regularly crashes for me.  Oh well. 17 right now, about half of them Reddit. My sister was just getting on to me this morning for it. She always command-quits her applications so if she uses my computer she ends up closing my window. I try to just bookmark them if I've had them open for more than a week. Late, but I have a habit of making separate windows for each "topic" I'm working on. Currenty at 2 windows, 4 tabs each. I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE! 152. Maybe you should try not opening so many tabs at once since a) you have ADHD and b) you couldn't possibly read all of them anyways. I'm constantly reminding myself to close tabs.  Same here!! But I also can't bear to get rid of them because they're important. So I have a bunch of tabs open and I just keep looking at them really stressed-ly. Ugh.  Similar, but I tend to get up to about 16-20 before closing all but 5. it's funny how some of us are so similar and others are the opposite about things.  Same here, the clutter of having too many tabs bothers me so I always see which ones I don't need to have open. It really bugs me when there's more than like 5 tabs that I need at a time. I can have as many open as I want, so long as I am using them. I have a lot of anxiety when I have a tab open without a purpose. [deleted] My FF leaks memory too fast for me to get up above 300 or so. RES is not nice in that regard... how do you know how much space they are taking up? task manager? if so, mine are only about 300MB I know they are man! Bookmarks helped me get over this.

I bookmark and close "important" things. They usually turn out to not be important, but the bookmarks folder does not mind holding them forever just in case. yes, it was awful!
 What magical beast of a rig are you running? Custom build?
 I hate when that happens! hmm, I will look into this! Do you know of something that works with Firefox?
 yea, I think you are the winner my friend. that is unbelievable haha Why would you leave all those tabs open?  And no, don't bookmark.  Bringing back an old page is just as simple as googling it, or go in your address bar and type a few letters and boom! there it is.   also, I think you're the current winner.
Edit: never mind, there's a dude with over 1000... keep trying wow. I'm not sure what that plugin does, but must be pretty cool to handle that many tabs. I use chrome because of the synced tabs across all my devices. I tried to move back to firefox, but then found that there was either no iphone app or it didn't have the sync, I don't remember. I'm also an Arab redditor :D me too.

12 in osx and 5 in windows It would be "to" in this case. It would be 'to,' because 'too' means 'also.' Would it make sense to say "down also nine now!"? Nope! So 'to' should be used. :) Haha the instant I can't see the fav icon is when I decide I need to close some :) no way man, then I'd have to bookmark all these bitches!
 haha, so one? I never thought of it as anything until I got my diagnosis and someone mentioned having a lot of tabs open as I mentioned. Makes sense though. Whenever I'm browsing or on youtube, I just go to one thing, and then open a link in a new tab and I'll see stuff there and open it in new tabs. I do go back and read most of them. Also, if I'm "window shopping" I'll have several up to compare stuff. Sometimes i think if nothing else, THAT is the beauty of this sub. to help us realize that we aren't alone in our bizarre quirks and struggles. Try bookmarks and sub-folders for said bookmarks.  File them away and forget to look at them ever again! My boyfriend used to leave like 30 tabs open, they'd all be like a centimeter big. Drove me nuts.  Yup. I have 43. I can't make myself close them yet I pretty much can't sleep if I'm on the computer until I convince myself it's ok to leave them unresolved.. ugh I'm with you on this. I have 6. I also have notably few bookmarks out of fear that anyone could possibly find out the things I do on the internet.

I don't do anything weird, I just dick around. I don't know why I care whether people know if I dick around. I'm the same. I am afraid to close them because I will lose that information and I am afraid it will be lost forever.  Well, at some point I installed a plug-in that only loads tabs if I've viewed them that session, (I think?), but it's a quad core with 6 gigs and SSD, so you're not far off. I too, would like to know this I use a program called Process Explorer, it's from Microsoft TechNet, and it replaces task manager with a vastly more informative application. It also splits up Chrome into individual tabs, showing how much memory each is using. 

Here's the link to to the Process Explorer page:
http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb896653.aspx Opening new windows! Oh my god. I looked at JPEG porn files like that when I was in high school and I did that on dial-up internet. Nothing  too fancy aside from the RAM, I use enough VMs that 16GB didn't quite cut it.

And yeah, custom build. I always custom build my desktop. It's a lot cheaper and I get higher quality parts.  I just spent the entirety of the day going through my tabs, filtering them into bookmarks or just closing them, and I was able to get it back down to 66 tabs open. It felt like going through a year's stack of newspapers, reddit pages i looked at, government shutdown articles, work related stuff, syria near-war incident, etc. 

[here's the difference.](http://imgur.com/clTaVDK), i went ahead and saved my current session as "new years cleaning". but remembering what the page was called is a whole nother animal. sometimes I check through my bookmarks and find awesome stuff I forgot all about Because most of them are things found by serendipity, not something I googled directly. I've had sessions crash and lose tabs before, and not remember what I lost, other than a palpable gut wrenching feeling of that loss, in a general sense. Like watching a house burn down and panicking more about what you've forgotten you owned, and thus can't replace, rather than what you remember and are able to. Iraqi or irani? (purely guessing)

Im Palestinian. Well, if we're counting like that, then let me see... 1 on my iPhone and 2 on my ElementaryOS laptop.  BUT WHY /u/kongo204

edit: as a note to myself, i'm still a person who always asks why. WHY DAMNIT! I want sushi.  Oops, I forgot to mention another meaning of 'too!' It can also mean that something is more [blank] than it should be. For example, "There are too [many] cars," "the cat is too [tired]," etc.  This is what I do! Many thousands of bookmarks, many of them dead by now. Not sure what I'm going to do with them. OMG I need that addon! What's it called? I think the current build of Firefox already does this? haha nice! Saudi, part Syrian though :p haha nice. 

also, I've been wanting to put EOS on an old mac book
 Well, they're all on my computer. I'm running a virtual machine, see... Because chrome crashed a couple days ago. Your information has been greatly appreciated! I've never had this form expressed in a manner that has made so much sense. You're ever has not gone in vain! Thank you! I would like to say, that too made much sense in the greater context. I'm afraid to check how many of mine are dead. for the most part it's pretty organized, but there's this one I made several years ago called "remember" (so general right?) I'm afraid to go in there! sometimes I'll specifically remember saving something in there, but then I'll never be able to find it. Looks like it didn't survive the fresh install and I don't remember its name at the time, but you can try [TooManyTabs](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/toomanytabs-saves-your-memory/?src=search) and see if it helps. You may be right. I was a bit uncertain as to whether the add-on or my system was to credit for my glorious hot mess of an internet browser. Now for "your" and "you're"! "Your" is to own indicate ownership and is kind of the opposite of 'mine'. "You're" is a contraction for "you are". If you ever get confused about which to use, see if "you are" and "you're" work equally well. If they don't, you should probably change you are word choice! (Or "your" word choice :P) Yay! :D I'm so glad I could be of help! ^_^ I have all my bookmarks organized into a bunch of folders. Several years ago I was doing a lot of independent research into Islam and Islamic Fundamentalism and that Folder contained over 600 bookmarks. I deleted the whole thing years ago because I was sick with myself for wasting time on that stuff.  I believe there's an add-on that checks for dead bookmarks, IIRC

Edit: yup, looks like there are several. I have used bookmark sentry.  wow, I need that. launching my browser is such a pain! they all start loading at once and I have to hunt down all the youtube/audio playing tabs and shut them off or it gets realllly crazy.

Also, 636... wow. even though that was a time in the past, you deserve an honorable mention for that my friend!  Thanks! Try this- I haven't used it myself, but I'd tried to find a solution to the problem. http://geeks.im/how-to-mute-certain-tabs-in-firefox/ 