I had an anxiety attack because my job changed their UI I've never had that happen to me before. So I come into work, open up my browser to use our in-house web app and then stuff gets real. They changed the entire UI from 90's era basic HTML and grey windows to rounded, pastel colored, calibri madness! Also, the buttons and tables were in a different order. I couldn't focus at all because everything was so *busy*. There were 6 completely different colors on just one screen. I started to get worried because I knew my performance was being monitored and I wasn't productive to spec. Next, I start crying because I'm scared that they'll notice I'm not being productive and then I might get fired. Eventually, management intervened and I had to step away from the monitor for like 20mins. I was then able to carry on, but at a slow pace. I'm a 23 year old man. No one has ever seen me emotional ever. Time to learn how to use a user.css file!

You can edit it manually with notepad, or if you have permissions on the browser, install [this addon](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/user-css/okpjlejfhacmgjkmknjhadmkdbcldfcb?hl=en) for easier access (only works with jQuery pages unfortunately so if it doesn't work you'll have to locate the file on your HDD and edit it).

You can override the company's colour scheme to provide whatever you need.  https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp can teach you all the basics and right click->inspect element can help identify what CSS you need to override.  I know exactly how you feel.  The ADHD meltdown is real. I am sorry that this happened to you.

It won’t always be this bad. You will get used to the new UI and be able to tune out some of the things that are currently over-stimulating.

In the meantime, be gentle with yourself, and understand that what’s happening to your brain is as real of a neurological phenomenon as an epileptic seizure... you’re not weak or crazy or anything else like that, you just have some quirky brain wiring. I don't have permissions to install, but I can run programs. I'm somewhat familiar with editing CSS. I tried changing the theme to High Contrast mode to turn the colors down, but it broke the page.  Thanks for that.  I looked into it and Chrome is a giant headache on this front apparently (I'd only ever done it on Firefox which has far more user control).  Chrome wants it done via addon - a more flexible/user friendly option is [Stylebot](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylebot/oiaejidbmkiecgbjeifoejpgmdaleoha?hl=en).  Talk with your manager about getting it installed.  A simple accommodation like this should be no trouble. 