Do you hoard browser tabs?  Sitting with 15 open now. Sometimes I'll go through and check things out, usually deciding that I need to keep at least 3/4 open because it's something I need to do and if just stays open, I'll get to it. 
The only thing it really ends up doing is stressing me out until the browser freezes up or I restart the computer. Out of sight, out of mind; I start the whole process over again. 

 18 tabs.  
37 tabs.

Amateur hour.

I've had 150+ (and that was just in the fullest window, among many offshoots (usually just for a "brief", "temporary" tangent that inevitably exploded)).  This probably isn't even technically possible anymore, given the massive amounts of javascript embedded everywhere and my anemic laptop.  I'd pray for a browser crash.  Most of a week in, and I'd finally break and *Bookmark All Tabs*, then reflect on how few things I'd retained from my days of compulsive reading.  And marvel at how what had held me so completely in thrall was now just a folder of links I'd never look at again (but whose contents I still felt were important and interesting enough to keep archived forever).  This happened multiple times.

It's still bad enough to look like a serious problem to anybody paying attention, but it's nothing compared to what it has been.

Oh, I've also saved a local copy of every page I've ever read on the web, in a series of deeply categorized archives.  Yup.

This shit needs to be in the DSM.

-----

Afterwards, I'd usually^* feel rejuvenated, uncharacteristically energetic and extroverted, happy to reenter the world -- that was almost as addictive.

^(*sometimes I'd be mourning my lost tangents too acutely) Absolutely not. You must declutter. Let go of shit. You're making it worse. I have 37 tabs open. What has my life come to? I am also really bad for this. 

I currently have 18 tabs open, and thats about usual. Yep, always.

I also tab through them a lot, I'll start typing a forum post in one tab, open another one to Google something, then end up in another tab and start another comment to someone else, then I'll Google something related to that comment, and remember the first one, and go finish that one, then close that tab and a new one pops up so I start another comment, etc.

Not uncommon for me to have 3-4 comments being written at the same time and 20+ other tabs. Dear god you have no idea. I normally have three or four windows with 15 to twenty tabs each.  I have 500+ tabs, and have to use a 64-bit build of Firefox (currently taking up 2.74 GByte, I've got up to almost 5 GByte memory usage, though). I do it all the time too...hoard information as well, just random crap, random files...and I'll feel (at least briefly) absolutely devastated when I lose that data or all the tabs. Buh... yes I'm always working on multiple projects at once (yay ADHD) and will categorize my tabs into individual windows for the respective projects I'm working on. Game design project, web design project, music project, etc.

Tabs. Tabs everywhere. Yes, and I forget to close them when I'm done with them. So I have many stale tabs lying around and I don't really know why. all the time... I have about 30 open now. I used to have 30-50 open when I used Firefox, I switched to Chrome in part because it doesn't save tables like Firefox does, but I still will have 20 open at a time. I just got on my computer to check to see what the weather was like so I could go for a run, I already have 7 tabs open. Haha, yes. I have TabMix Plus, and once had something like 6 rows of tabs. Yes I deal with the issue as well, usually on two or three different laptops, stuff that I'm "going to" read or go through at some point, sometimes I send to my kindle for reading later, which now I have 20-30 articles on my kindle that I need to read but haven't got to yet that came from all of my tabs...  Thinking about it too much makes me sick to my stomach. Chrome runner here.  How to y'all avoid the Tiny Frozen Folder Icon of Death?  Any plugins or anything that help? Stop talking about me. If I'm in the middle of working on something, and need to keep looking up things, the tabs definitely start to multiply quickly.  But probably no more than 10 to 15.  I spread them out in multiple windows though, because they're too much of a pain when a single window gets too many tabs.

When I am at any site, I almost always open the links I need to look at in a new window (so when Googling something, I'll open up 5 or 6 results before I even start reading any of them).

Can you imagine how bad things would be now if tabbed browsers had never been invented.  I remember the days of having 20 to 30 separate browser windows open (and the days of unstable browsers which would easily crash and take everything down). I tend to do that. I tend to leave browsers on tab and come back to either read the article I "saved" or if it's like Reddit or Tumblr, I just refresh it. I think tabs were made for the people with ADHD in mind I was just about to ask this here.
At the moment I have 72 tabs up... It always happens. WTF YES!  My boyfriend gives me shit about it all the time...I know I shouldn't do it, but fuck, man!  I need to GET TO SHIT IMMEDIATELY!

...I curse a lot, it's what makes me lovable. I have screen shots of my browsers with over +100 tabs open...I downloaded new browsers because my Chrome and Safari were full....I think I have a problem  I might have OCD or something, but incant for the life of me have more than 4-5 tabs active over time. Usually when I realize I've reached that amount, I have to reduce it to zero and start all over again. It might be because I was an active computer user very early on, and to minimize wasted system resources I force myself to do this. Or I'm batshit crazy. Here's hoping its the former. My god, I totally do it too!  Oh I'll read that article in a minute....oh look at this wikipedia page...gotta have social networking sites open.  I just found the "Read this link later" add on for Chrome to manage my tab count and not lose things, if that helps anybody else! This is a huge problem for me, so I downloaded an extension for Chrome called [QuickTabs](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jnjfeinjfmenlddahdjdmgpbokiacbbb). It shows the number of how many tabs I have open, and it makes it easier to recognize when I've reached a ridiculous amount--it helps to keep a number in mind so that when you reach it, you force yourself to start closing tabs. It also lists the names of all the tabs you have open and allows you to search through them (especially useful if you have something you need to get done). Also, the list allows you to click each tab based on the name and allows you to close tabs directly from the list so you don't have to click each tab individually.

...it kind of helps, but I'm still really bad about keeping it below 40. ^^; Wow, are you me? I'm not sure if I'm helping you or fucking you but I've found this to be incredibly helpful with article management: http//www.instapaper.com

Not only does it allow blazing-fast saving of any article anywhere, it also formats the damn thing for you (Sienna background, 10pt Helvetica, universal margin that you can shrink and grow on demand).

It has folders for categorization.

It has a mobile app that automatically syncs to and from your browser. 

It makes reading easier on both the brain and the eyes - its an inch shy of perfect. You'll actually read the shit you archive and you'll be more discerning about what you save in order to 'maintain' it. whoa, I get around 60 tvtropes, 20 cracked articles and 30 wikipedia pages, but that...
holy cow respect Zotero, my friend. Each browser tab is using up a piece of your working memory (except the ones you forgot about). I used to do this but it only enabled my addiction for new information. So now in keep it to 5 max.  Chrome:
Wrench > Settings > On start-up > Continue where I left off

Tabs restored on launch. I refuuuuse! Having to close all my tabs keeps things in check! 