I feel disabled I need to do more things. Like more multitasking. I usually have 16 tabs or something open on my browser but I leave them and don't look at them later. But there's so many things to do that I don't know what to do. I could be watching a movie and thinking "I could be doing something else, like watching a different movie".  


Then I think "I don't want to do anything - I don't have the energy - I need Adderall and not Concerta" or something.  


Then there's negative symptoms of psychosis where "I just can't - What is reality? I'm not on autopilot - I think too much about everything and why I'm here. I question too much about what other people are doing etc etc".

Pls help? I want to be innovative. But I also want to go back to gaming.. I'm not in school right now so I'm supposed to be chill and yes I know, go to the lake, mountains, hiking.. that's only for relaxation and spirituality.. I want to be the next elon musk.. :/ Are you on meds? And therapy? 
Multi-tasking is a lie. It doesn’t exist. 
studies show it simply leads to increased mistakes. 

As far as being Elon Musk, I have a couple businesses with employees. You gotta have employees or you get stuck in ADHD hell.  Best advice is schedule, schedule, schedule. I know where your coming from and I lean heavily on my scheduling and organizational skills I learned in the military service. After awhile I hit a point of doing things out of more or less daily ritual. Hope that helps. > watching a movie and thinking "I could be doing something else, like watching a different movie".

That is annoying, be doing something and thinking that you should be doing others thing, then start to do the others thing and be thinking that you should finish the previous thing, at the end no matter what you are doing you have that feeling that you should be doing other thing. What about when that ritual changes so often from life events? On good days I do that and get in a rhythm, but I have small children so the more often the ritual gets amended, or skipped “just this once” or forgotten, the more likely all structure and schedule goes out the window. Do I just wait for good days to come back (when!?) and start all over? I feel you man. My kids are older now and somewhat self sufficient. During there diaper days I actually scheduled their diaper changes, play times and bath times so I could keep myself together. Your kids are probably order so scheduling is tough but hang in there. They will go to school soon. 