I feel like I am a very motivated person, but struggle with symptoms of ADHD. I am not sure if it is worth looking more into this. So, my entire life, I've always been a very slow reader. Not because I can't read what's in front of me, but because I have to reread paragraphs so frequently so that I can comprehend what I'm reading. I love to read, in fact, I read the paper and sports news every morning. My issue is that I seriously can't read something through once and get a full understanding. This results in me going back multiple paragraphs, rereading things out of order, just to make sure I've got the concept down.

I'm a junior in college, and my classes are becoming very "concept heavy". I'm starting to worry that my previous issues with reading are going to start haunting me as I've got just one and a half tough semesters left in college.

I'm been reading up on some more symptoms, and things like "thinking about thinking" is a big one for me. Sometimes I'll think about something, then I'll think of something else *while thinking about what I was initially thinking about*, which ends in a vicious cycle of getting nowhere.

I'm a very fidgety person because when I sit still, I think about sitting still and it makes me uncomfortable. I'm also the one twirling my phone in my hand and currently have 7 tabs open on my internet browser.

This is a bit of an overload, but I'm just starting to think that I may be on to something. I wonder if I was on medication of some sort, I could focus on one thing in a quality manner.

The reason I've never thought about this is because I fell to the stereotype of people with ADHD not getting good grades and not being motivated. I'm somebody that works out every day and maintains a high GPA, so I've never thought I've needed to seek medication. The only reason I'm starting to worry is because it's becoming more evident that with these newer, more complicated concepts that require a lot of reading, I may have hit a point where I'll begin to struggle.

I'm just trying to be proactive so that I'm not stressing myself out before the real serious classes begin to kick in. Go talk to your campus counselor, or mental health department. It might be ADHD or something besides ADHD, or in the realm of normality and you are just stressed at the moment, that is why there is an actual diagnosis process for this stuff.    Hey buddy. I want to shed some light. Maybe this will help you.

I grew up with ADHD since I was a child. My parents knew about it because my teacher in 2nd grade told them I was... off. My mom, deciding that I was perfectly capable, ignored it and let me grow up with the struggles. I thought by high school I was just naturally stupid and unmotivated... I was depressed.

My motivation came back to me around the end of senior year. I couldn't really determine why, maybe because I was excited about finally going to college. I felt like I could start fresh and live a great life. I graduated high school, so I can't be *that* dumb, right? Well, I took on a few hobbies in my free time to make myself feel good. I hated sitting around jittering because of my ADHD. So I worked out regularly, I took on skateboarding again, I played guitar occasionally. I seemed like a pretty normal guy on the outside because I grew up being used to ADHD, just ignorant of it.

Very recently I got diagnosed by both my therapist and my personal healthcare manager. I do indeed have ADHD and I was bummed, big time.

I actually ended up getting in a very emotional, very heated argument with my own mom about it. I asked her why she never helped me, why she let me grow up like this, why she let me become a failure. She reassured me she was proud and that I was not a failure. I bawled my eyes out and an epiphany arose from the ashes.

So I did some research. I looked up as much as I could about it, about Adderall, about Dexedrine, about Ritalin, I looked up stories, I read all of it. It wasn't easy, but I practiced. I practiced researching and I practiced my reading. So, that's my credentials. Let me tell you what you can do to help yourself.

First, your reading. Don't be discouraged if you can't read as fast as someone else, or can't comprehend as well as someone else. It's not exclusive to people with ADD/ADHD. It's a matter of how you learned to read. I want you to download this app called Acceleread. It tests you and creates a program that specifically targets your reading skills and aims to increase your WPM (words per minute) as well as comprehension skills. It helps you learn to speed-read. It's great and I vouch for it 100%. It's free, but I recommend buying the full version. Money well spent.

Next, your fidgeting. It happens. My therapist told me to hold something in my hand and fidget it as I work or read or do whatever. A rock, a smooth object, some bubble wrap. Heck, you ever see those ads for those "fidget cubes"? Maybe even try that. Fidgeting is not a big deal, some people don't like it but **you can control it**. I promise you this. I want you to start reading when you notice yourself thinking about thinking, or sitting down and thinking about sitting down. Your mind is trailing because you need stimulation. Practice your speed-reading.

Next, I also recommend downloading this app called "Focus Keeper", and it has what looks like some sort of citrus fruit for the app icon. Have you ever heard the study that basically says the best way to stay focused is to focus in high intensity in short bursts?

Focus on your task for 25 minutes, take a break for 5. Repeat that 2 more times, 3 times total. After that, take a 45 minute break. Then if you're still not finished, repeat the whole process. Or if you want to stay productive through the entire day, keep that cycle going. The key here is to force yourself. 

Growing up with ADHD, I realized that thinking about doing things made me hesitate. It made me over-analyze and overthink things to the point I would start doubting myself, my abilities, the task at hand, etc. Try this tactic: Say in your mind, "3... 2... 1... GO." As Shia LaBeouf once put it, JUST. DO IT. You can't sit back and think about doing a task. You have to really force yourself, go with the flow, and tell yourself things will be okay no matter the outcome. You can't be afraid of making mistakes if you really do have ADD/ADHD, and this holds true even without it.

Finally, as a personal take-away from me, just be confident. Please. Don't doubt your abilities. Don't let anyone tell you what you can and can't do. It's got nothing to do with who you are, simply how you were raised, how you learned things, and what your influences were. You can stray from this though. The human mind likes to stay at home, it likes to be comfortable, it likes to stay by the warm bonfire with a comfy blanket on and a cup of hot cocoa. But to develop as a person, you need to tell it to get the hell up and make a change. Do the things you need to do to keep growing. If you're in college, you are on the rightest track of all. Please keep going and don't give up.

If you really want to, you can get a diagnostic from your college's health center, if it has one. Utilize that resource. Or just find a therapist near you. Then, consult with your doctor. But remember, it's all mind over matter. Even without ADD/ADHD, it's perfectly possible to be lazy, dumb, and unmotivated. With it, you just need to remember what really matters to you. Keep your goals in your thoughts at all times.

Good luck friend. Not every with adhd has bad grades. I did fine in school, but not because I didn't have trouble paying attention. I got by mostly on innate ability, caffeine, and some coping mechanisms (last minute completions, study techniques that played well to my learning style, etc). 

Your struggles do sound like they could be adhd symptoms. If you're in college, there's likely a counseling center on campus for students. They may be able to help.  It's always worth looking into something if it concerns you. I also had the same question. I flunked out of college because I couldn't concentrate. I'm anticipating what responses have to say.  