What should I be feeling if ADHD meds are working? (Am I unlucky and no meds are working so far, or have I just not understood what I'm supposed to feel?) Background: I'm Autistic and am pretty sure I have ADHD (not diagnosed).  I've been having symptoms for at least 8 years, but things have seemed to get worse recently. I do have mental illness too (anxiety, depression, PTSD).

Besides executive dysfunction, I also have a ton of trouble with long tasks.  I can't read books or sit still through movies unless I have something else to do, even if I want to (video games are easier because they're more interactive, though).  To that effect, if I'm trying to work on a personal project, I'm constantly switching between the screen, my browser, my chat programs, the TV, etc.

My psychiatrist and I have been trying various meds, but I haven't noticed what they actually *do*.  I've tried Adderall, Vyvanse, and Clonidine, and am now trying Focalin.  I definitely notice side effects (like appetite suppression), but I've never felt any "main effect".  I don't feel less distracted, I don't feel like I'm more focused, I don't feel like I am being more productive, I don't think I am getting more work done.

I'm no stranger to meds not working; it took 6 tries to find an antidepressant that worked for me.  I could very well just be unlucky here to have a lot of meds not work! But I'm wondering if maybe it's just me not actually realizing the meds are working by not understanding what they're actually doing (if they are).

I finally could tell antidepressants were working by a specific metric (there were fewer instances of me lying in bed unable to get up or do anything per day/week), but I don't see any such pattern for these meds.

If these meds are working, what should the "main effect" supposed to feel like?

TL;DR: I've tried 2 stimulants, a non-stimulant, and another stimulant, but I haven't noticed any effect.  I can't tell if I'm unlucky and these meds aren't working for me (which has happened with antidepressants), or if I just don't understand what the meds are supposed to do. What does the "main effect" of an ADHD med feel like? The problem is, it varies so much from person to person. For some people, meds calm their hyperactive symptoms and give them more emotional control, better ability to focus, make it easier to listen, etc. For me, stimulants actually perked me up and gave me the energy and motivation to do tasks that usually take a very long time or totally fall by the wayside, as well as improving my memory somewhat. Some people find that medication is like having an epiphany, and has a huge, easily noticeable impact on their functioning, while for others, the effects are very subtle, and are more visible to outside observers than to the person actually taking the meds. Some people get much more social because they can overcome their usual anxieties, some withdraw and become very quiet and focused. The list of potential effects goes on, and a lot of them are complete opposite reactions. 

In the same way, some people are extremely sensitive to even very small doses, and some people require doses that are pushing the therapeutic recommendations to feel any effect at all. It's all really hit or miss, and depends on your symptoms and your brain chemistry to say what kind of effect which drug will have on you at what dose. And it is also a possibility that meds just won't work well for you, frankly. Sorry I can't give a more straightforward answer, meds are just really finicky :/ How high is the dosage, of which stimulant?  If you're taking enough, you'd notice more focus.  It's not like it's a magic-ADD gone thing, but you'd notice.  I have tried 

Concerta 28, 56, 84

Vyvanse 45, 60, 70

None have work except that 60 on Vyvanse helped a little bit. I don't know what to try next. My doctor also thinks that since I has apatite loss on 60 that something must've changed I'm just looking for a miracle, I'm not.  No problem! I can definitely understand that, especially after all the antidepressants.

Unfortunately, if it is the subtle kind that only people around me can see, other people haven't really been around me to see (since I've been alone while taking them).  Maybe I'll see if my friends notice a difference even when I don't. c: Adderall: Tried 5 mg, then 10 mg, then 15 mg, then 20 mg (all as needed)

Vyvanse: 40 mg (as needed)

Clonidine: 0.1 mg per day, then 0.2 mg per day, both of the XR

Focalin: 5 mg 1x per day, and now 5 mg 2x per day

I'm also on a high dose of Buproprion (450 mg of the XL per day), but that's for depression.  Haven't noticed any changes to focus because of it, though. Try keeping a log, maybe?

A log for how you work, for example. How long can you work in a given day on and off meds? How many inattentive mistakes do you make? How much does your mind wonder? How often and how long do you procrastinate?

And a log for your mood. Make a chart where, at several set times during the day, you write down a number for confidence/anxiety, enthusiasm/depression, and calm/stress. Compare these numbers on and off meds. There are also apps for this. I know it's different for different people, but I'd have expected you to notice 40mg of vyvanse. I guess all I could say is talk to that doctor.  