College would be so much easier if everything from turning in homework to obtaining the syllabus to taking not-final tests wasn't done through an internet browser.  One thing that helped me you can get a browser add on that will make it impossible to surf the web during certain times. It seems childish but it works. 

I mean I should be working but its 3 am and well my timer is not on and I cannot sleep.  I feel exactly the opposite. I'm enrolled in a distance grad program and it is much harder to keep up and GSD being not face to face. Undergrad was a breeze compared to this, and I wasn't medicated during undergrad.

Edit: Apparently I feel exactly the same. Oops. At my school it is possible to get physical copies and alternative hand in methods for people with ADHD. Perhaps this is something that you can look into with accessibility services. I'm currently taking a math course that is required for graduation. It's all online. I have to physically come to a classroom... And then sit infront of a laptop and do work. There are no strict deadlines, all at our own pace. Just finish all the work and quizzes before the end of the semester... Which  is absolutely destructive for me; I'm already horrible at math and struggle to understand. But being given unsupervised work and told to "figure out a pace and work at it" is like a guarented failure. I have to remember to do x amount of hours per day, including video lessons, on my own time. Which is absolutely not possible for me, no matter what I try. And this is the ONLY way the course is offered.  I hear you.. every single time I get around to thinking of homework my mind just tells me how much of a chore it is to go through all the sign ins and what not online and eventually I'll find myself on steam until 2am. Like now! yay college I don't know, in my day you had to go down to the office, fill in these long forms and then queue with everyone else, and it was only open in set times, so if you forgot you were screwed I agree I hate how changes, to dates or assignments are done through the Internet vs announced in class. This means I have to cheek: firstclass, moodle, and 2 email address (possibly my junk mail). All this just to figure out everything. Use IE... YES. I HATE that everything is digitized now. I actually read a study somewhere that even proved that people retain less and change their reading patterns when reading something online as compared to something in print. It feels so much worse for someone with adhd. I think you actually agree with OP - it's harder because it's all online. Not really an option, since I'm currently attending a small community college that doesn't really offer anything to ADHD patients. When I attended a big name university they "just" offered testing me in my own room and a note taker. The note taker would have actually been really helpful  but I didn't really understand ADHD at the time and thought I'd just be wasting the disability office's resources. And I felt like it'd look super shitty having a note taker sitting next to me while I play on my phone and check out people's tattoos from across the room or whatever. Structure is key for peeps like us, this almost guarantees I would wait until the very end and then scramble, and freak out. I'm so sorry! But it sounds like you have a good plan. Just try to keep up the good work. I try to do the same thing, I know it's a struggle.  I never saw this for some reason, but I just gotta say I relate so hard. My senior year of highschool they offered a new marine biology course. I was one of the lucky few applicants that actually got it on their schedule. I was stoked. Then I show up my first day of class to discover the bullshit that is florida virtual school. And then my guidance counselor refused to switch me out for another class because i wasn't on the baseball team. Because he's the coach and those are literally the only students he's willing to help. But that deserves a rant all its own. See what happens when you don't pay extra close attention after your meds wear off?? DO YOU SEE WHAT HAPPENS?! Could you talk to your professors about handing in things through an alternative method? I can only think of two classes I've taken where the homework wasn't done through a third party website that I had to pay to get access to, so probably not. Plus I'd rather work on being able to adapt to the issue myself than anything. This is what I did. I hand in my homework, assignments etc through paper copies, I print off all my online quizzes, do them by hand, and then just translate it to the computer for my grade, I take all my notes with pen and paper.

I just can't move my mind from "computers are for fun" to "computers are for work," especially when I use the same laptop for both. 