Finally took a shower after 9 hours of doing useless stuff Me: I need to take a shower

Brain: No, dude 😂😂😂 You always wanted a camera. Let's go on eBay. Oh, that camera looks nice. Let's look which cameras are the best. Ok, I think this camera is nice. You should go to youtube and watch reviews. No, one video isn't enough. You need more information. Oh, look, a meme video. Click that! This is fun. Watch more. Share this with your friends on WhatsApp. Oh, you got some messages. Answer them, or you know what, don't. You need more information about your camera. What about an action camera? GoPro or Sony? Better research that. But dude, you can't afford all that stuff. Close your browser. Open your browser. Whats going on on SoundCloud? Did you forget your password? Feels bad man. Better recover that. Forgot your recovery E-Mail password? Now what? You need to know that or you'll never have access to your SoundCloud account again! Hm, you're hungry. Eat something. But that's so much work. At least eat a fruit. Dude the password!

And so on. After 9 hours I finally took a shower. Jesus Christ what a day. Showers are like meals: We don't always need them but they help break up the day, keeping it from feeling like a black hole of time and space. 

Once in high school I skipped and stayed home, taking a long shower when I got up. After a little while, I get bored and decide, "Why not take another shower."  I go upstairs and see that the steam from the previous shower was still on the bathroom mirror. That was a low point in my life.  ARRRRGH! This is my day sometimes!

Note: 

Password managers will help you  It is like you are in my head....The only way out is to not open the door to the rabbit hole in the first place, and exercise first thing in the morning. Yet, it still happens to me all the time. 

On the bright side, we crush it on trivia night at the pub though :)  > Close your browser. Open your browser.

My God this is just too perfect. I'm still blown away that not everyone has these exact same thought processes. This is just what I'm used to at this point. Reading this was like seeing a cross section of my thoughts on a day off. 

I think if a neurotypical person could actually hear my thoughts read aloud like this they might actually scream and say "Jesus Christ just stay on target! Are you gonna shower or not? If you're going to buy a camera just do it! Why do you keep bouncing around?! It's driving me crazy!!!" ...Me too my friend, me too... I used to rationalize this by saying that if I didn't take care of things the second I thought of them I'd never take care of them "If I don't look it up now I'll never get a camera." It wasn't entirely untrue, but I was letting my whims decide what I did all the time, which makes it easier to keep ignoring things I've been ignoring. Oh, the steam. When I take a shower I always drift away into another world and let the cozy shower warm me up. End result is a bathroom with 99% humidity and a waterfall like mirror. I actually have but they are pretty useless if you're not updating them. Oh well. Fuck, I both love and hate how much I relate to this sub. I was at a house on a beach one day. switching between the ocean and the house. Took like 5 showers that day. It was absolutely magical. Lastpass 