Found a trick that has helped my productivity I have severe adhd and I get overwhelmed fairly easily. Not sure if these things are related.

A mentor casually said: "research and just simple browsing takes so much brain power and can exhaust you without you realizing"

Struck a huge chord as I am that girl with 30 browser windows open at a time.

New trick:

No internet before I get thru my daily tasks.

I have decided my time like this:

1. get ready for day, have breakfast, make priority list and tasks.

2. Do hard tasks
3. Do simple tasks

4. Take a break, watch a show do whatever
5. Internet time (only if completed 80% or more of my daily tasks)


I also don't take calls. Everyone who matters knows where I am and knows to text me. I check texts once an hour and not allowed to do anything else on the phone before internet time.

Phone is usually somewhere far from me to avoid distraction.

Hope this helps This is really smart. I'm going to try this tomorrow! [deleted] Yup-- otherwise I'm on the Internet and wow 7 hours went by and I didn't do anything besides go down several rabbit holes I simply cannot multi task. At all. I also cannot retain any information.  I personally leave everything in a different room. I work without a computer .

The stuff that needs a computer I disable wifi.

I have changed my wifi password to something long and hard to remember . Every time I am done with Internet time I disconnect and have to reconnect . I don't have password on me unless it's Internet time. [deleted] Yay ! Hope it works out Put everything that can help you access the internet in an inconvenient place, out of sight. A high cabinet, hidden in a full closet, way in the back corner under the bed, etc. That means laptops, tablets, and cell phones. Anything that can access things like Facebook and Reddit. You'll think of it less often if you don't see it every time you walk past it so it will take less effort to tell yourself no. Additionally, you will hopefully feel like the effort to crawl under your bed, climb up to the cabinet, whatever, a little too daunting to bother with not doing what you're supposed to and getting the devices out. That's why the first thing she does after getting herself ready and eating is writing a list of what she wants to get done. You only do one thing at a time, no multitasking required, and you don't have to remember the things because you wrote them down. absolutely, i literally got rid of half my belongings after her book.

 Exactly .
I carry post its with me of tasks of the day and cross of as I finish them 