How many browser tabs do you have open? Currently, I have 49 — after closing them all a day or two. I usually will bookmark these into a folder in Safari and tell myself I'll go back to them if they're important. I've never opened the bookmarks folders. My average is about 37 — but I'm trying to get that under control. I think our brains try to compensate for our memory issues by keeping everything in front of us. Haven't found a good tool for this specific issue yet. How many tabs do you have open, fellow shinies? i actually HATE having lots of tabs open! but i always do this thing where i would be on my home page, think of something to do, open a new tab (home page), forget what i needed to do, open a new tab and etc. after a couple times i realize what im doing and just CLOSE everything Heh I always had old computers with limited RAM, so opening more than a few tabs make it slow to a crawl. I never have more than a handful open.

My bookmarks, however, are a real mess... Are you me? For me it sometimes gets so bad, I have to open a second or a third window, else I can't even see the icons on the tabs and have no idea where that one awesome digital tutorial has gone.

But it's quite fun to sometimes just scroll absentminded through tabs I have bookmarked several months or years ago and be like: "Haha, yeah, I was really into learning how to knit at some point." 45, but I see a few that I can close. I recently discovered an amazing extension for Chrome called [The Great Suspender](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/the-great-suspender/klbibkeccnjlkjkiokjodocebajanakg?hl=en). 

It automatically suspends tabs in the background so that they don't eat up so many resources. It makes a huge difference (I used to get out of RAM messages frequently until I restarted Chrome. I know there have been some RAM improvements in Chrome lately, but still.) Anyhoo, I'm rambling, but if you're a tab hoarder and you want to enable yourself further, check it out :) I try not to have more than 6 or 7 open at any one time The other day, I had two windows open and one of them had over 400 tabs open. Needless to say, my computer froze.

At the moment, I have about 120 tabs open on my main computer and 12 on my laptop. For me, this isn't a lot at all. 

In OneTab, I have over 4000 tabs. 

I have a tab problem. Three maybe. The rest: open, save to InstaPaper, close. Once a day, InstaPaper sends an auto-generated "newspaper" to my Kindle. It is really handy. Three at most, I always try to lose a tab before opening a new one. And if I open more my computer gets slower so that will be annoying. Usually 5 to 10 Just a mere **34 tabs** but most of those I just haven't gotten around to closing. 

Yeah that's what I'm telling myself. I have 87 currently, which is a bit low for me. I get distracted and bored so often that I find myself reading several things at once to mitigate that. At work I usually have between 5 and 10 tabs open, with the first 4-5 being work-related, and the others being either distractions or something I've looked up for a problem I worked on at some point today (80% of which are Stack Overflow).

At home I usually have 1-4 tabs open. If I'm on a site like Reddit or YouTube I have 1 tab with the main feed, and open a tab or two for individual videos/posts/articles.

I also have a surprisingly small amount of bookmarks, most of which are organized by subject. At one point I realized that I would simply google any subject I wanted to get information about 6 months down the road, so bookmarking stuff was pretty pointless.

I guess I'm the exception, eh? I rarely have more than a handful of tabs open. If I see a link to something interesting, I make myself choose between looking at it right now or ignoring it and losing it forever... otherwise seeing all those open tabs will just stress me out.

The only exception is if it is something genuinely useful and relevant to my work, in which case it gets saved to my http://pinboard.in, marked as "Read Later". Which is code for "You think you're going to read this later, but it will still be sat here unread a year from now" :D Same! Hahaha yes endless bookmarks from yesteryear. I have never gone back to anything of import XD One nice thing about Safari is that I can pinch in and see all the pages at once in nice little sorted columns. But still... I think that might actually enable me since my machine already just... doesn't slow down. But that's an interesting idea. I'll have to see if something similar is available for Safari or Firefox. I use The Great Suspender along side [Session Buddy](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/session-buddy/edacconmaakjimmfgnblocblbcdcpbko?hl=en) - Helps with saving lots of tabs with ease WOW. What is OneTab? Wait... I'm gonna have to check that out. You mean it saves your tabs for you as a sheet and kicks them to the cloud??

I tried Delicious and eh...  That must be so nice :O A fun little chrome extension that lets you save open tabs. It's better, I click on save this long form article and it is saved onto an android app to read later off line in a readable format, so it is the content not the site, but what is even better is auto making a newspaper like stuff with the saved articles daily and sending it to the kindle. But it is only the content. E.g. comments are not shown. It is mostlly for long articles. 