My Adult ADHD diagnosis. I am in my early 40's and always suspected I had ADHD. I feel that I'm fairly intelligent but I struggled mightily in school. My only saving grace was I could do pretty well on tests. My downfall was homework, projects, etc. I just never really put much effort into school, even though I love learning new things. This deficiency followed me into my career and bled into my personal life. I was always told to focus or "apply myself." Even now, I am only partially paying attention to this post. I have the TV on and I'm reading articles in three other browser tabs.

I never really considered getting diagnosed until my son got his diagnosis earlier this year. The process was intensive. He had several tests and evaluations. Teachers, my spouse and I completed lengthy questionnaires. It was discovered he was highly intelligent but had attention issues. He was prescribed Vyvanse and the results were astonishing. As parents, we were very hesitant to go the medication route. We were somewhat reassured by his counselor who had similar troubles with her son. She showed us examples of her son's work before and after medication. The effects were remarkable. Our son still needs some reminding, but the level of his schoolwork is consistently above average to excellent.

Today, I had a doctor's appointment and we discussed the issue. Given our experience with my son, I fully expected a rigorous evaluation. After about five minutes worth of questions, he essentially said "yup, you gots the ADHD." He wrote me a script for Vyvanse and off I went. The only hang up is between the pharmacy and my insurance. Since the medication is considered a controlled substance, my insurance requires explicit confirmation from my doctor before they will pay the pharmacy. I was told to expect a delay of a few days.

TL;DR In 'Merica, Adult ADHD diagnosis is not nearly as rigorous as childhood ADHD. > TL;DR In 'Merica, Adult ADHD diagnosis is not nearly as rigorous as childhood ADHD.

Your singular experience cannot speak for the entirety of a single country.  It can speak about your doctor, though. I was recently diagnosed as well, my story (except for the meds) is almost the same.  I'm trying to finish my Bachelor's, but it is insanely hard for me to stick with it.

As for meds, the docs put me on Ritalin first, then tried Wellbutrin.  Ritalin hurt my gut, Wellbutrin just makes me constantly fatigued.   The fact that your doctor just gives it to you without a rigorous test make s me question the doctor. Given your age, it would be easier to prescribe than it would children (since children are still developing). So naturally, we would want to be more cautious with a child. Still, even with that said, I believe that ADHD is overdiagnosed immensely.

I say this because I have seen it personally where someone just refuses to change their lifestyle and become better at time management. Because they refused to do this... they just claimed they had ADHD. They go in and fill out the little point system... tell their SO to fill out the same points... so they can get a prescription.

You don't want to be ON a prescription unless you NEED it. Sorry if I am coming off as coachy or preachy. I have just seen my parents lives be devoted to what problem they were having and what medication could fix it. In reality, all they needed was a little social time and exercise.

Back to the point. Since you are an adult you will be more aware of how it affects you overall. I believe this is much more true than a child diagnosis. I would assume that your Doctor trusted you and by giving you Vyvanse (since it is harder to abuse) that you will be at very little risk. If you don't feel a benefit or if it causes problems you can just get off it.

I would still try to find somewhere that does a thorough evaluation before you claim to have ADHD. I just don't like how many people use ADHD as  a scapegoat for all of their problems. Yes, it gives us problems but we have the power to fix *at least* some of them ourselves. 

I hope the best for ya. [deleted] When I was first diagnosed as a kid I went through a shit ton of tests. Blood work, evaluations, stress tests, distraction tests, etc. The second time he went off my medical history and report cards and a few visits to talk about My issues. This go around she went with my history and actually was given a test without knowing I was being given one. I guess it was something composed of a bunch of stuff she saw in common with most adhd patients. It was interesting because it was questions that require an honest response without being obvious in any way. But then again I didn't go in and say "I have adhd dope me up doc". I just said I wanted to talk about some issues I was having and if there was ways to mitigate the issues.  When I was first diagnosed as a kid I went through a shit ton of tests. Blood work, evaluations, stress tests, distraction tests, etc. The second time he went off my medical history and report cards and a few visits to talk about My issues. This go around she went with my history and actually was given a test without knowing I was being given one. I guess it was something composed of a bunch of stuff she saw in common with most adhd patients. It was interesting because it was questions that require an honest response without being obvious in any way. But then again I didn't go in and say "I have adhd dope me up doc". I just said I wanted to talk about some issues I was having and if there was ways to mitigate the issues.  I am currently in the process of taking my Bachelor's as well. May I ask if it in a computer related field? why are you even on this subreddit if you're going to preach this Vyvanse isn't speed. It's a prodrug to an amphetamine salt. The fact that it's a prodrug, and so only becomes speed when it is metabolised slowly by the body, eliminates the 'rush' enjoyed by those who abuse uppers. It is not a drug of abuse. Actually, that was my plan.  My wife and I both have the GI Bill, so we decided to move and go back to school.  She was in Management, so I took that so we could work together.  

I wish I had taken Comp Sci or something, I feel like I wasted a year and a half of school :).  (I realize mgmt skills are highly important)

I got moved to a programming position at work about a month ago, so that comp sci degree would have come in handy!

EDIT: As soon as I get my shit together, I'm going for a comp sci-related degree! [deleted] Good luck to ya. In my experience, it is very project heavy. The time management is what I have struggled with most more so than the code itself. You spoke nothing of harm reduction, or awareness of the drug.  A lot of us take Vyvanse without these side effects. There are different forms of ADHD, and many different meds, and everybody reacts differently. I went through 5 different types before finding something that worked without too many side effects. This one might not be the one for you. But it's not "speed" to us. That word just reminds us (as if we needed reminding) how hard it can be to get critical medicine, just because a lot of people abuse it for fun. Yes, I have no management of time at all lately.  It's quite stressful. And thanks :) 