ADHD friends helping friends..? What if we started a group, here, using nothing but what we already have, just the app on your phone or the open browser tab, where we message each other to remind our "ADHD buddy" about something specific they need to do, or provide a small unit of support for certain situations? 

I'll be honest, it's gotten so bad, I can't remember 95% of what I'm supposed to be remembering. My eyes glaze and my mind blinks and loses the thread that all the alarms and notes and papers push-pinned into my walls try and keep connected to some horrible shambling facsimile of my best guess at a sense of organization. Something else might be going on with me, but until I get that sorted, I have to assume it's just unbridled ADHD chaos. 

But obviously, this app always gets opened multiple times per day. It's not fair to say this is all just one big distraction; Reddit is MANY things, including a distraction, but also a source of hope and inspiration and relief from many oppressive and static things.

I don't get many messages, and I always check the shit out of them (which reminds me, must respond to someone about something...), so I know for sure I'd receive anything a theoretical "accountability buddy" would send me, and I would feel compelled to remember to send a message to my buddy in need because we're in this together, right? 

Crazy idea? Shitty idea? Anyone think it's worth exploring? We could use code words and phrases for each other if we didn't want to reveal personal details, like "please message me to remember to tattoo the Minotaur tomorrow" and only you need to know what it means, right? Please let me know your thoughts if you've got any on this!  Since I don't see anyone else responding I guess I'll give you my two cents. Quite frankly, I think this is a bad idea. I feel overwhelmed on a daily basis just dealing with my own problems and obligations, even *considering* the concept of having to deal with the problems and obligations of someone else's life is exhausting. This sounds like a concept I would probably come up with at 2AM thinking it would revolutionize the lives of countless people who suffer from ADHD right up until I begin considering the details.

On the other hand, what do I know? This might be a great idea and I'm just being a pessimist. I don’t know about reminding others to do stuff—sounds like something I’d forget to do haha :) but the idea of an ADHD buddy, someone you could chat with about your issues in a fellow sufferer kind of way? Perhaps with similar interests? Like a chat buddy who also has ADHD—so you kinda get each other? And depending on your interests you could chat about other stuff—writing buddies or do online gaming with each other, fan out over a mutual television show?  