How do you tame your mind? 24F.
I have at least 30 odd tabs open open on my browser at all times, each one a result of a hyperlink in another. Or something I _just had to_ google right away. As a result, I get almost nothing done at work all day. Except near the close of the day when suddenly everything comes together, I'm hit with inspiration one after another and I leave. While it gets the job done, I'd like to be done sooner so I can relax in the latter half of the day. At school, I was always the kid scribbling answers furiously near the deadline. I don't know what it feels like to finish something ahead of time and be able to relax afterwards. It's frustrating how out of control this is. I was on armodafinil for a while but it has side effects like really dry and itchy eyes. It also feels like an intrusion of sorts - like hiring someone to clean up your house. It feels good to have it be more organised but you're very 'aware' of this other presence in the house. And all the discussions about it hampering creativity in the long run have made me a bit wary as well since my career depends on that skill. So while it seemed like a great help at first, I had to drop it. I have been asked to try to meditate but that again is a circular problem. How do you stay still and focus when that's precisely the issue you're trying to solve?
I got carried away for a bit there. I am not fully aware when I am being distracted. In the course of typing this in bits and pieces and then stitching them together I have opened 4 more tabs I realise looking up if this has been talked about and books by people with ADHD discussing their issues. Anyway, back to what I posted this for.. I wanted to know if you guys have any little hacks of sorts you apply to complete tasks on time. Do you face similar issues? How do you tackle constant distractions?
P.S.Clickbait is Evil. Vyvanse. Then I could build healthy habits and tools like a normal person, and suddenly trying hard actually resulted in good things happening, like people always told me. "Just try harder and you can do it!"

I've got a suberb checklist with a custom syntax highlighting that I manage in notepad++ and I just check off item by item until I'm done.

I feel like a total boss nowadays. Without vyvanse, god knows what life would have been like for me now. Thanks! I'll try it out. I have tried wunderlist so far. After the initial excitement, when I was putting up everything I had to do, it sort of faded out. Haven't used it in months.  Wunderlist was too slow and limited for me. If I have to pick up my phone, open an app, open a category and then type something in, it's not gonna work in the long run.

The todo list at work that I use is just a text document with some highlighting to make it easier to read. It's always open and most tasks are received and get completed at the computer, so I just alt-tab into it and start typing.

I'll type a task, and since it's just text I can add whatever additional info I have there too, like deadlines, general info, sub tasks, links etc etc. I'll also use it in a stream of consciousness sort of way, just thinking "out loud" by typing it all down. That way I never get sidetracked or forget what I was thinking. I can be extremely meticulous this way, just working my way through checklists I've made for everything that even an idiot could follow. I also never have to rely on my really shitty memory.

 "Hey, did you get that thing done last week?" 

"I don't have a clue what you're  talking about, but apparently I've noted here that I did in fact get it done last wednesday at 2.30 pm."

I've  accepted that my memory for most stuff lasts literally less than a minute, so I type **everything** important work related stuff down instantly. 