Can anyone relate to this? I've been browsing this sub for like 2 days now, and it's more depressing than it is refreshing how closely I can relate to all of the posts on here. Especially the non-symptomatic posts that just describe a state of mind about life in general (like the post about being years behind your "real age", or the post about how life feels like a series of days as opposed to a continuous life).

I have to wonder if I'm just imagining I have ADHD or if I really have it. I diagnose myself with everything. Recently it's been social anxiety disorder and depression. Although I'm certain I have these.

I feel like the internet and the computer in general has really exacerbated my potential ADHD. For example, right now I'm 26 and I'm unemployed. So I'm looking for jobs. I try to set a reasonable goal for myself of applying to 5, 6, 7 jobs consistently every day. More if I feel like it. However, this never pans out. I wake up in the morning and wonder if I should shower, eat breakfast first, brush, or just jump right into applying for jobs. It's hard for me to "stay up" after waking up without the TV on. I turn on the TV, probably something political. People are complaining about Trump. Nothing new there. So then some mornings I'm able to shower and eat, others not so much.

Anyway, there will be some mornings where I'm able to crank out 15 job applications in like an hour and a half and feel amazing about myself. The problem is that I feel so amazing about myself, I use it as an excuse to not apply for a job for the next week, maybe even longer.

There will be some days where I'm ready to start applying for jobs. However, before I know it, I literally have 5 windows open, 2 incognito windows open, over 40 tabs open. This will include all sorts of stuff I'm "racing" to get through before the end of the day to feel accomplished and so that I can "clear my plate" for the real stuff I should be doing. It never happens. Every day I "add more to my plate" and it piles up. I have a crap ton of internet articles about interesting subjects I MUST read. Some of these tabs stay on my browser for months. Honestly, I can't remember the last time I was able to completely shut down my browser completely getting through all the tabs. There's articles, wikipedia articles, websites on health related issues I'm working on diagnosing myself with, porn videos, reddit threads where I have to read through a majority of the comments, youtube videos, Twitch streams, on top of the computer related stuff, I have 100s of movies I've downloaded that I plan to get through but it never happens, over 10 books I plan on reading (I bought them in hardcopy but ended up downloading the audiobooks because it's the only way that I can actually read books without getting distracted anymore -- in fact, even online articles I don't read anymore, I use Apple's "text to speech" function to be able to sit through long articles). I have plenty of TV shows I "plan on starting" but it never happens. A ton of hand written notes in my desk drawer that I plan on "typing up" into my computer one of these days, plenty of PDF books that I plan on looking through eventually. All of this stuff just piles up. Then I don't prioritize the order in which they'll get done. I literally have a "movie order list" file on my computer spelling out the order in which I'll watch movies I have saved up because I'm too indecisive to choose which to watch - the list was randomly generated. But when it comes to other things, there's no order of priority. For example, and article I had sitting in a tab for a week and a half still hasn't gotten read yet, but somehow an article I came across that morning gets put on the list and gets read through that same day. This is just one example of my undiagnosed ADHD. It extends to all parts of my life. Sometimes I'll be texting a girl and I won't text her for a day randomly because I'm too lazy to have a conversation because there's too much other stuff on my plate. I stress out at the idea of having to choose something off a menu in a restaurant. I can't read things in text because it's slow. By the time I'm done reading a paragraph, I'll have to re-read it because I have no idea what I read.




Does this sound like someone who has ADHD to you? However, I noticed that this usually happens when I have no structure. For example, I had no problem waking up, brushing, showering, etc. when I actually had a job. It's only when I'm unemployed that everything falls apart. I had no problem doing my work at my job when I had a task to do or a deadline to meet. However, I lost my job because my work was getting sloppy. My work was getting sloppy because it was a corporate office job with tons of down time. I used that down time to knock off some of the stuff on my ever growing list. reddit, articles, distraction constantly. I would start speeding through work to "get back to crossing stuff out" on my ever expanding list of things to do, things to watch, things to read, etc.

Does this sound like ADHD? Yeah, I realize typing out a long comment in an ADHD subreddit perhaps wasn't the wisest thing, but can no one relate?  Maybe, but everyone has those problems to a certain degree, and it may also be depression or anxiety as you mentioned. Have you watched Russel Barkley's videoes? Did you have any symptoms as a child?

I can relate to a lot (like, I have 100 tabs open right now and piles of want-to-read,want-to-watch), so it's definitely something to look into, but it will take time. Either way, you can find a lot of good ideas here, and techniques to get out of being mentally stuck. 

I'm not saying that you don't have it, but nobody here can diagnose you. I would strongly recommend that you seek professional help, because it sounds like it would be useful to you - adhd or not.  