I just discovered this subreddit last night and I started crying a little. TL;DR: I just got diagnosed with ADHD today, and everything makes so much more sense now.  I just wish I had gone through the process sooner before I lost my girlfriend and a lot of my opportunities in high school.



I am going to start this post off with a little back story.  I am about to go to college, and all through school I struggled both academically and socially.  Making friends was rather challenging.  The friends I did make were almost always linked around an activity, not an emotional bond.  My grades were never bad (by many people's measure they are probably pretty good actually), but I never felt like I was living up to my potential.  I've always hated homework.  Finding the motivation to sit down and write a paper for me has been the most challenging thing ever, and would almost always result in sleepless nights and really hard days afterwards.  I procrastinate terribly, and then stress myself to death over that procrastination.  I'm sure you guys get the picture.



But these symptoms started getting a lot worse in high school.  With less barriers keeping my in check, my grades went down notably from where they were in middle school.  I started isolating myself more because I couldn't focus enough on a person to maintain friendships and always just felt like I couldn't relate with anyone.  On the bright side, I found a girlfriend who made my life great each day.  But still, each day felt like it was a vicious cycle of failing and then stressing out over that failing, and then failing again because of my stress.  It just wouldn't stop.



In the past couple of months it has gotten really bad.



It started off with what I thought was just a bad case of "senioritis" (aka not caring because high school is almost over).  Instead of procrastinating I just wouldn't do work.  I lost friends to boredom and a lack of participation in things I previously enjoyed doing.  I would always enjoy going on trips for student government programs and the social aspect of that, but I realized while I was at one in November that I didn't really enjoy talking to any of the people there and I didn't feel like participating in the debates, which is completely unlike me.  The things I enjoyed in life just kept falling away.  I started using cannabis to try to cope, to try to find interest in mundane things so that I wasn't so cripplingly bored all the time.  My girlfriend found out and didn't like it.  I told her I would stop, but I didn't have the self control to actually stop.  I was finally able to in February, but only after the arguments had weighed too much on our relationship and she fell out of love with me.  She broke up with me on Wednesday to be with someone else, and the pain of rejection and inadequacy has gone to a new level I have never felt before.



Since January I had been thinking about mental illness and if it was possible I had it.  I just always felt like I tried super hard to do whatever I was doing, but I could just never succeed.  College applications and academic awards really amplified those problems.  But I never felt like my issues were that legitimate.  I just always felt like I was lazy, not that there was something more insidious at work.  But I started going through the processes for testing, meeting with professionals, etc. and today I met with my psychologist.  She told me a couple things:



1. I have ADHD
2. I'm really smart, and that makes the ADHD much worse
3. I'm at risk for anxiety and depression as a result



After hearing her say these words it felt like so many things just fell into place.  So many of what I thought were personal weaknesses I just couldn't fix made sense.  My general lack of self control, my inability to focus, my introvertedness to some degree, it just all made sense.  As much as I love my ex-girlfriend, I don't know if I can make her love me again, and that and a lot of the other mistakes I've made are mistakes I'm going to have to live with.  But I'm hoping that this will be a turning point, and that now I will start being able to actually improve myself since I know what is wrong.  I just wish I could've figured out sooner and made those improvements before they genuinely hurt me.  I probably could've gotten into a better college, been more involved, and still be in a relationship right now.  But I guess there's a time to move on from everything, and after years of struggling and "this time I'll fix my problems" thoughts, for the first time, I feel like I can make changes to help myself.



Last night I discovered this subreddit and spent hours browsing through it and being shocked at how much I could relate with so many people here.  It really brought some perspective on how much this disorder really affects the brain in every aspect of life.  I teared up knowing that I wasn't alone in a lot of the struggles I face.  I think I'm going to become a pretty active browser of this sub.



Thanks to anyone who stuck all the way through, I understand the challenge.  It is just genuinely cathartic to for once feel like I understand myself. Hey there. I literally just discovered this as well. Sitting here waiting for my next class to start. I'm a college student diagnosed with ADD but not being treated atm. I had to create an account just so I can respond to your post and let you know that you're not alone. I related with your ENTIRE post. Keep your head up. Hope things get better for the both of us. I tear up every time I come across an ADHD post or article that I strongly relate with. It's upsetting when people don't take ADHD seriously. I'll have to post my own post soon when I'm not waiting for class to start... I was diagnosed as a kid, taken off of meds in middle school, went to high school and first year of college without it, and even since then I’ve been on it. And I need to tell you something

Don’t rely on a pill to make you not procrastinate. It won’t do it. You have to consciously choose to do your work. It is your decision, not the pill making you do that. All the pill does is increase blood flow to your brain. It helps you hone in and focus- and even in my case and scenario- I’ll focus super intensively on video games instead of the research paper that I’ve known about for months now (due this Thursday at 9:30am with a presentation! On the Abbasid Revolution etc...)

Bottom line, it’s 50/50 your part. The pill makes it easy to focus, but it’s not gonna do you any good unless you sit down and put yourself in the correct environment to accomplish work. 

And that’s what I struggle with. Even when I’m in Vyvance, I have to stay away from my PS4 or For Honor will suck my day away. 

The pill intensifies whatever you decide to focus on. Chose the right thing, stay away from temptation (I study different room than the one with my PS4 and tv in it) put on some study music, and go to town. 

PS video games are way more intense on it

But remember, the pill isn’t going to just make you do it. You have to have the will to do the work!!!

Side note: I’m super good at last minute projects now, due to my bad lifestyle habits. Almost as if I work better under the pressure of it being due soon, as the pressure helps me stay focused and not get distracted. When I try to work on schoolwork not due for a while, I always feel like “oh I can afford to get distracted, okay” “ooh a squirrel!!” Etc I found out/ was diagnosed at 26. The realization I now have the ability to concentrate effectively with the use of medication, I don't get distracted by every. Single. New. Stimulus, I had a break down. All the anguish of trying to pay attention and not being able to, the frustration of lost jobs and partners due to small errors and unwanted forgetfulness, when I haven't forgotten, the prompt to remember didn't happen... 
Medication was the only thing that helped me understand my own struggle enough to be able to explain it to anyone else...

You will notice a change in how others behave towards you. It's not them. It is you. You can now see people for who they are, their attitude towards you is the same but now you can tell if they are sincere, or just stringing you along, using you... the eyes give it away, you will see

And you will be able to see yourself for who you are, and who you used to be. And it will hurt. Seeing with a clarity and focus all the what if's and maybes you could have avoided - done better - in the times of being non medicated, and all those times you spoke or acted before properly thinking through a reply, you will remember. And you will be sad.

These feelings are important to experience, because they are part of who you were. And only through learning are we able to grow as a person. Don't let yourself get caught up in the sadness, because you now have a fresh start. The ability to manage yourself for the better, to make the smarter decisions you know you are capable of.

You are a smart, kind, enthusiastic person with the rest of your life laid before you, awaiting your tentative first steps from monochrome to full technicolour. 

I wish you all the best for your future, whichever exiting new ways you wish to explore it. If you need some kind words, encouragement, or tips, the community will always be here, where we help each other. When I discovered this community I also felt the same. For once I wasnt alone in these feelings. 

I'm on a very similar boat to yours. I recently also discovered I have ADHD and RSD along with it. I used to wish that I had found out this information before because it ruined my old relationship of over 2 years. My grades didn't see much of a difference because I really pushed myself to study, but showing up to classes in college became difficult and I eventually decided to take 2 semesters off. I am glad I now know what's wrong with me now at 21 before it got much later but I also dont wish anymore to go back and learn it sooner because right now life is finally working out. Ive met an amazing guy who actually works with my ADHD and moods, and he is so open to communicating unlike my ex. Ive got an awesome support system of friends who are always there for me and my best friend, who also has ADHD, who understands when I forget things all the time and is always there for me when I need someone to talk to about things other really wouldnt understand (but now ive also got this community so ive been in even higher spirits). 

The best thing you can do now is stick to that mentality of this being a turning point, because it is. Being able to treat it and creating habits that will help you live your life productively with ADHD is such a game changer. Plus, you've got this AMAZING community to help you through it with all its informtaion, experiences and support! First thing; you're still really young and there are plenty of fish in the sea. If you split up with your girlfriend it's likely that you weren't going to work out long term anyway. Don't worry about it, look forward to the next person :)

> I'm really smart, and that makes the ADHD much worse

I'm curious about this, did he elaborate on it more? How does being smart make it worse?

I'm not really sure how old you are since I'm from UK and you're using a lot of terms that we don't use, but I'm pretty sure you're quite a few years younger than me. I fucked up the first 2 years after compulsory school (compulsory school stops at 16 in the UK) completely wasted them - I was also going through a depressive weed smoking state like you were. There's plenty of time to redo everything you fucked up and turn everything around, see this enlightenment as an opportunity, don't dwell on your experiences, at least you've managed to learn from them right?

I only found out that I have ADHD in my last year of university and it takes ages to get the diagnosis made official and to be prescribed medication in the UK. So I didn't get meds in time to help me through university. Count your blessings that you got them in time :) Recently turned 30 and was only diagnosed a few weeks ago. I always thought there was something wrong but just put it down to being lazy as that is what I was always told by teachers or family members. I remember discovering this sub and reading all the posts and thinking "wait, I can relate to every single one of these problems" and it hit me like a truck. It's weird looking back now at how much crap I struggled with and just thinking it was how I was and I had to deal with it but getting the diagnosis was great. My meds haven't really worked too well but there are different types and I'm hopeful that one of them will work for me. Consider taking a lighter subject load at college to begin with, while you adjust to meds and develop management techniques. I got diagnosed after failing a years worth of university, and it's expensive, so better to minimise the risk.  It hurts me so much that I connect with everything you said, it literally could have been written by me. I put up with all of this through high school, but I can not deal with this any longer in college. I haven’t been diagnosed yet, but I’m going for an evaluation. I’ve had a strong intuition that I’ve had ADHD since 8th grade, when I first started noticing everything, but I was always told that I was coming up excuses for my laziness, that I’m smart and I just need to apply myself, etc. I’m sure you’ve heard it all. But reading this makes me realize that it wasn’t my fault the whole time. It hurts so much that I had to wait this long until I could finally address my problems, but I’m hopeful that I’m finally going to get the help I need. I feel like I could tear my hair out right now though, this literally explains everything to me. How
impulsive I am, repeating words and phrases, losing track of conversations, how I have such a hard time just simply sitting still... and the mood swings, wow, I thought everyone was like this, this one I really had no idea about. Whatever my mood is, it’s exaggerated to the MAX. If I’m happy, I’m super happy, if I’m depressed, I’m extremely depressed... and it seems at the snap of a finger my mood changes just like that. I’m just upsetting myself talking about this and I’m just ranting now, sorry, but I’m sure you understand how frustrating this feeling is. I hope everything works out for you.  I read through everything a couple of times, it's eerie when someone describes their life and have it fit near perfectly to your own. I got the diagnosis at 27 though, I had tons of issues but I kept getting really good grades and weren't hyperactive so ADD never came up despite severe concentration issues. I could never study. Last year of high school was the worst, so tired and worn.

>I never felt like I was living up to my potential.

This is the worst part for me. I learn ridiculously fast at times, have an insane amount of talents and I'm probably never going to be able to use them in a way that makes my life financially better. I feel like a sprinter that could win a medal if I could only find my damn shoes. (Or if my shoelaces weren't tied together.)

Knowledge is power though. Knowing is so much better than not knowing, but it takes a while to get past the diagnosis, it can be extra painful for a while. The hardest part for me was losing hope that it would go away at some point.

Do remember this; it's not all bad! ADHD people are some of the funniest, inventive and interesting people on the planet. We're out-of-the-box thinkers, many become great entertainers. When I try to explain ADHD to people I sometimes show them a funny video that's typical to ADHDers. Perhaps not very educational but it captures the essence of the good parts really well.

This guy linked below has ADHD. You can tell if you've got an eye for it (which you will after a while), he's also talked about his Ritalin medication on YouTube. Watch this video, it'll help I think. I couldn't stop grinning when I saw it.  
[James Veitch is a Terrible Roommate (Rubber Duckies!) - YouTube](https://youtu.be/f5d8pVg3Qtg) Well come! Another one for the Tribe. It is shocking to see yourself reflected in this subreddit is it not?

This will go on for quite some time. 

I like to ask a question about his onset of boredom. You said you couldn't relate much any longer. have you any idea as to why?

 If I'm being honest, your post is describing my life. I've only recently considered that it's likely I have ADHD, but seeing this almost solidifies it. 

Not sure what to do next :/ you're note alone - I related to pretty much every single word in your post (besides the gf part lmao).  I definitely started to fall off my senior year of high school, but still managed to make it work somehow.  

Did decently my first semester of college in terms of grades, but didn't build the fundamental skills that would be required for my next set of classes.  Failed 3 classes this semester and luckily kind of patched everything up by taking the steps necessary to work on those classes over the summer in order get the transfer credits I need.  It's so disappointing when you can't live up to your own expectations but i'm sure a lot of people on this sub relate to that.

due to my location getting medication is such a hassle but my appointment with a psychiatrist is 2 days from now and i'm looking forward to functioning at the same level as everyone else instead of desperately trying to keep up.

Anyways, best of luck to you OP!! I really do appreciate your solidarity.  Good luck with your class.  Before I even considered ADHD I too thought it was just two things: lack of focus and fidgeting.  Only now after speaking to my psychologist and reading here do I realize all of the nuances and complications and the knowledge now of how relevant all of it is makes me both a bit depressed but also really hopeful.  We are all in this together.  I too hope things get better for the both of us. This is definitely good advice (minus the blood flow to the brain thing! Stimulants actually increase basal dopamine and norepinephrine levels in the brain). The medication allows you to take control of your life, but YOU MUST TAKE CONTROL YOURSELF! Thanks for the advice.  I really concur with the working under a deadline thing.  One of my big issues has always been convincing myself to start working.  There always seems to be something more interesting or engaging.  That's one of the biggest things I hope to be able to resolve. The pill helps me focus but it does not make me responsible. 

I learned the bad habits as an unmedicated child. Now I try to unlearn them as an adult. It's not easy. But I know it's on me to do it. Thank you so much for your response.  I appreciate both the relation with what I have experienced and the advice for the future.  I will be pursuing medication in the coming weeks and hope that I too have that feeling like I am looking down and realizing I've been missing something so vital for so long.


I am incredibly lucky that I was able to achieve an at least decent level of success in high school to the point of being able to go to a pretty good college, and I am even more so lucky that I have the opportunity to completely wipe the slate and start over in August with new people, a new environment, and new goals.  I will never take this luck for granted, no matter how crappy other things may be in my life right now.

Again, thank you for your response.  I am intensely waiting to see that technicolor. She (my psychologist) said that having a high capacity for knowledge means you feel more stressed to succeed, especially when surrounded by other gifted students, many of which are much smarter than me.  When we did my testing, she found there was a 30 percentage point deficit between my intelligence capacity and my performance ability, which was extreme.  So on top of struggling in school to begin with, I feel my pressure, but also more isolated because apparently few people are in the same position I am.  These are her words, not mine, and it seems like there's at least some other side to that story seeing as how so many people on this thread have sympathized with mine.

In America, elementary school is years 1 to 6 (at least for me, I think it sort of depends), and starts at age 5 or 6 years old.  Middle school is years 7 to 9 and ranges from 10/11 to 13/14 years old.  High school is years 10 to 13 and ranges from 13/14 to 17/18 years old.  For us, university and college are interchangeable terms for the optional higher education available after you complete years 1 through 13.  Annoyingly, because year 1 isn't called year 1 (it's called kindergarten) and year 2 is called first grade, our schooling goes from kindergarten to 12th grade, so whenever you see someone say "grade," add a 1 and you'll have the year of schooling they're in.

Believe me, I'm taking anything I can get right now.  Things suck, but I'm immensely fortunate to be in the position I am.  Thank you for your condolences, I appreciate them. Thanks for the advice, I'll be sure to keep that in mind. Thank you, I hope everything works out for you as well.  Luckily my parents were able to pay for my evaluation, but I genuinely encourage you to do it whenever you are able.  At least mine took a couple of appointments, I don't know about others, but make sure to stay with it and I'm sure everything will turn out alright.  Best of luck to you. Video linked by /u/hamsterkris:

Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views
:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:
[James Veitch Is A Terrible Roommate  - CONAN on TBS](https://youtu.be/f5d8pVg3Qtg)|Team Coco|2017-10-04|0:06:12|254,018+ (98%)|7,115,871

> When James' roommates offered him storage space in their...

---

[^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/hamsterkris ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&subject=delete\%20comment&message=dwev3it\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v2.0.0 Sorry, he?  I'm not sure what you mean.  Thanks for the welcome though. I really gotta fact check everything people tell me. Someone just attributed to me looking dumb by telling me that. I’ll stick to being a history major on reddit haha, shiiit Ahh okay that makes sense. I was put in the gifted and talented program when I was in Secondary School (age 11 to 16) and in NAGTY which was the national one for people that got the top 1% for the IQ test equivalent they make you do in year 7. But I didn't really care about education so didn't put any extra pressure on myself tbh. Before I was officially diagnosed with ADHD the learning disabilities people at Uni told me that I was in the bottom 1% for information recall and processing for my age group (apparently I'm good at landing these 1%s). I think I've literally never hit my predicted grade in anything, in GCSE I got A's in the only subjects I was predicted A*'s for, I was predicted A for everything else but was getting B's, C's, D's and E's haha.

In UK you go to Infants school when you're 4 or 5, the first year is called Reception and is optional but majority of people go anyway, usually starting in September or January depending how late they're born, then Year 1 and 2 are also part of Infants school. Then age 7 you go to Primary school for Year 3 to 6. Then Secondary School, Year 7 to 11, you start Year 11 age 15 and end it age 16. After that people go to Sixth Form or College or get an Apprenticeship or start work usually for 2 years. And then the step after that is called University (which you guys call College, so different to our College). Our education system is actually really different from what I've heard, your grades are 100% based on Coursework and Exams whereas in US you get graded on attendance and homework and behaviour too right? We also specialise a lot more, by the time you're in Sixth Form you only take 3 subjects usually and in University you only take 1 subject which gets more specific with each year of University.

I think our system is probably a lot more forgiving for people with ADHD. When I was 13 I dropped every subject that I disliked apart from English (because it's compulsary), then at 16/17 I only took 3 subjects (ones I was good at and enjoyed). In University I literally only did Electrical/Electronic Engineering which was something I was really good at and found interesting - when I say literally only that I mean **literally** only that. I was never penalised for being late all the time, I was never penalised for not doing homework, in Sixth Form and University it didn't matter that I didn't turn up to most of my lectures, my behaviour didn't affect my grade basically. I scored in the high 90's on most of the intelligence scales. I scored at the 30th percentile on executive function. Is that a 60% difference? It's like pushing a  wheelbarrow with a flat tire. Yeah that's a 60% difference which seems really high.  30% for me just sounded extreme, Idk if it actually is. 