ADD guy on reading difficulties (rant) Tl;dr: Got massive problems with reading. Anyone else got this?

I just really felt like ranting about reading problems I've had since I was.. well.. since I learnt to read at all. I was pretty decent at reading in the first few grades when there was tiny sections, and only a few sentences at a time, and it seems that is where my limit goes. Anything more than a few sentences and my head starts to hurt really bad, and depending on wether I'm forced to read it or not, it can spread to my stomach, and other parts of my mind. Just a longer text on Reddit, such as this is enough to make me cringe, drained of energy, and feel as if I need to puke. 

I've wanted to read books for the longest of times, but last time I tried, and REALLY persisted and kept going, a 500page novel of great interest took me a whopping 1.5 years to get through. Yup, that's 18 months. 
I've also since tried audio books as this involves less information at any given time, but I lack focus, and I end up spending more time figuring where I lost focus than listening to the book. 

I'm not on meds, but I think that might be something I should consider changing, seeing as I'm about to take a bachelor, and doing that with a reading disorder (am I allowed to even call it that) is going to be impossible. I'm finishing up year one of an engineering bachelor now, but I'm failing a few subjects, which comes as a great shock as I've usually been getting A's and B's constantly whenever reading wasn't a neccessity. (Which even maths and physics now are)

Also, should state that if it was not obvious, there is very little structure to this text, because I'm getting dizzy just seeing the preview, so I am not proofreading, but rather hoping for the best. 

So, what do I hope to achieve by writing all this? First of all I was planning to just get it off my chest to a group that hopefully understands the issue, and doesn't deem it impossible or unimportant. And second, I was hoping I'm not alone in this. Not because I want anyone else to have this problem, but rather to not feel alone. 

So, if anyone has or has had similar problems/experiences, feel free to share. (just try to not make them walls of text, as I might not be able to read those) Try this. Read what you've written and narrate in your head in someone whose voice you know. I typically pick Morgan Freeman.
The read speed is slower because you're synthesizing his voice, but it'll give you something to do with the part of your brain that is wanting to do 800 other things. [deleted] I DONT UNDERSTAND THIS. Sorry for the all caps. But I'm ADHD to the max, and as a child, reading was the only thing that kept me quiet or focused on a single thing. Yeah I sometimes space out for a page or two but that happens to everyone from what I've been told. I've never had a problem with reading. Why do we have issues with reading? 

I don't think it's ADHD I think it's a matter of interest. Example: My sister, who's adhd-pi, used to despise reading. She always had. She Hates books. All books. All reading. But then just six months ago, she picks up "the fault in our stars" and has been reading teen book after teen book ever since. I don't think it's just ADHD I think it's also dependent on what we want to do and what interests us. 

My ideas may be biased since I was taught to read and to like reading at a young age. I never had a conflict between my ADHD and reading. In fact, reading helped take my mind away. Harry potter was my savior as a second grader. I'd put the chamber of secrets under my desk on my lap and read all school day. 

**tl;dr** I never understood this ADHD people and reading problems thing. Maybe I'm special??? (Hahahahaha)
 As for audiobooks, I can only listen to them in a dark room when lying in my bed, in any other situation I'm far too distracted to understand the story.
Hope my tip helps. >_< Have tried. problem is I can't for some reason.. Know those memes where there's a picture of Morgan Freeman or someone else, and some text saying you're reading it in his voice.. I've never been a "victim" to those. They never worked. 

Will give it a second try though Might consider looking into it, but I'm already receiving shit for having ADD. (Good grades and ADD apparently makes one worthy of receiving negative comments)

I'm just thinking that would multiply if I somehow got diagnosed with a learning disability. Likely because me getting good grades while "disabled" would make other people feel bad about themselves.  Don't think it's purely a matter of interest, seeing as I have been very interested in reading books, but not being able to. 

I do, however, think it might be because as far as I've understood it, there are many different types of ADD or ADHD, seeing as it only describes the fact that you have a problem with concentrating and/or similar. What causes this, and in what ways is not described by the diagnose. 

I got diagnosed as an adult, so I am aware of what tests were done and what the results meant, and I fail at taking in a lot of info at once, which is what I view pages full of words as. I scored way above average (for my age group) for 6 out of 7 types of tests, and the last one, I scored far below the usual, and mindblowingly far below where they'd guess from my other results. Executive Cognitive Functions or something like that. (could be wrong, though it was a fancy set of words such as that)
Though apparently all 7 of these, if some special case where one stands out counts as ADD/ADHD.  It might work, but my problem is that my mind is distracting me solely by itself if there's nothing else, suddenly my mind has wandered faster than clicking through related videos on YouTube. 
Might give it another try sometime, but the story needs to be truly gripping for it to be a thing I belive I can do.  