Memory -- about personal life vs. learned facts There is something that has always been part of me, and I was wondering whether there are others who share the experience.

I have barely any active memories of my own personal life or interpersonal relationships. I don't have a "general" problem with memory, as my fact-knowledge-base has always been exceptional, I have regularly been jokingly called a walking encyclopedia.

So, if I read anything, I could remember everything, but my own life seems not to be there (only the very scaffolds; also, what I remember from my life seems ot be stored "fact-like").

I was wondering whether this is something you know, and whether this is something that might be connected with ADHD.


*Recently I had the idea, that this might be realted to ADHD in so far, that my everyday life situations I was overwhelmed with what to focus on, not being able to filter out the important bits, nothing got stored. While on the other hand I found it comforting to sink into a book, with only the letters and my thoughts forming around what I read, no distractions in the room where I was reading alone (while the others preferred the loud court), the information could sink in. I became pretty bookish.* -- but this is just speculation, musings.

Ok, this text is much less coherent than I wished to, but I hope my point gets through. I see it as learning vs remembering, or knowledge vs recall.

I can *learn* hundreds of facts about locks and keys but I cannot *remember* where I put mine.

I *know* where I've been on holiday but I cannot *recall* all the things that we did there. Give me the photos that I took when I was there and all the details come flooding back - I just couldn't make the jump to them without an external aid. I experience this a lot. I've been studying mindfulness, which is a fancy way of saying "paying attention" (more or less :) ) and it has helped a LOT in choosing what to pay attention to and when. I have very few memories from past years, but this past year I have a ton of fabulous memories. idk, my episodic memory has never really felt as strong as my semantic memory. I think it's more because of me having never really been ~present, as opposed to there being something wrong with me or whatever.

I have a decent understanding of how attention works and what parts I'm good at and not so good at. without attention, you can't really do much with information in terms of storing it, you know? Sometimes I find this lack of personal memories to be a blessing, because ADHD (along with heavy amounts of comorbid anxiety, depression, and OCD) has led to a blissful forgetting of interactions, relationships, moments, etc. that would be so upsetting to remember. Idk if that makes sense, but...if I encounter memories (knowledge, facts, the "scaffolds"), I'm often glad I don't remember how I was feeling or what I was doing at the time. This is really sad when it comes to good, happy, loving memories. But as far as ADHD, impulsive, frantic, anxious memories that make me despise myself, WIN.

...I'm trying to be positive today. I couldn't accurately answer the question on the ADHD diagnosis questionnaires well because I can't remember shit from my childhood, or much even through school in general. Never knew how people remember "When they were 5, or 8" and shit.  Possibly could be affect by ADHD, as attention is crucial in the formation of solid lasting memories. Your brain remembers much more than you realize, and it's possible you have difficultly recalling (could also be affected by memory).


There are also different "kinds" of memory. I can only remember 3 off the top of my head. Semantic memory is world knowledge, this is that, it does this, AKA facts, etc. Episodic memory are memories of your personal life experience, anything that's happened in your life that you remember is stored here. Finally there is procedural memory, basically muscle memory. Let's you balance on a bike, hit a ball, play the guitar, and even walk. While they all share similar brain structures / systems they are slightly different as you can see. 


I don't think ADHD has a 1:1 negative effect on this though, it might be slightly correlated, but correlation does not imply causation. I have it too but also have insanely good memory, to the point where my friends ask me details on something that happened 20 years ago because I'll remember. At the same time I'll walk into a room and forget why I'm there. THIS is where ADHD would seem to affect memory. Horrible short term memory probably due to having 50 thoughts race through your mind on the way to the next room. Once the memories are encoded as long-term memories I'm good, it's getting them there out of short-term that's hard! > I *know* where I've been on holiday but I cannot *recall* all the things that we did there. 

That describes what I mean.

But I'm not sure if it's prudent to make a difference between "knowing" and "recalling": when you "know" something, then you are "recalling" the fact, after all.

> Give me the photos that I took when I was there and all the details come flooding back

This is something I do not know. The photo will be familiar enough to say "ah, I remember", but nothing comes back flooding. It just adds a pictoral fact. I can't even remember where I've been on holiday...that often embarrasses me. "Have you been to the Bahamas?" "Umm...I don't remember. I think so." We took plenty of family vacations, but definitely not so many that I could reasonably forget where we went. Maybe it's because I don't remember any details about these places, or that all hot, sunny places feel equally alike and uncomfy to me. Sometimes it really breaks my heart, like how I have almost no memories of going to London a few years ago even though I absolutely loved it and it was the happiest trip I've ever been on.
edit: now I'm sad. This makes me feel hopeful! >  I have it too but also have insanely good memory, to the point where my friends ask me details on something that happened 20 years ago because I'll remember. At the same time I'll walk into a room and forget why I'm there. THIS is where ADHD would seem to affect memory. 

I have exactly this too. Facts and information galore, virtual maps, directions, nearly everything about places I've been or events, but tasks are fleeting and completely lost. This is essentially just "working memory" as it's dubbed that gets lost.  > This is something I do not know. The photo will be familiar enough to say "ah, I remember", but nothing comes back flooding. It just adds a pictoral fact.

I suspect that I overstated the effect - it won't make me able to remember things that aren't directly related, but I will be able to remember taking it, where it was and the feelings of being there. It's a window to the memory, not a doorway.

The general feeling is that the memories are there, just that I cannot get to them. It's the access (recall) that is failing, not the storage (knowledge). And what do you think, why can we recall factual knowledge then? Even in such an outstanding manner?
 Perhaps it's how our brains are wired to function?
Someone with ADHD has reduced activity in certain parts of the brain. Don't quote me, but I think one of the affected areas is working memory, which would explain our difficulty in recalling memories.
Now I think that the factual information is stored somewhere in the brain for easy retrieval and access, for what purpose I have no idea. Maybe it's a survival mechanism? Like it's stored there for quick retrieval in case we need to apply it? Factual knowledge is usually recalled in response to a prompt, and is easier to form natural connections between different pieces of information from the same topic. It also doesn't change and require re-learning. > Perhaps it's how our brains are wired to function?
Someone with ADHD has reduced activity in certain parts of the brain. Don't quote me, but I think one of the affected areas is working memory, which would explain our difficulty in recalling memories.
Now I think that the factual information is stored somewhere in the brain for easy retrieval and access, for what purpose I have no idea. Maybe it's a survival mechanism? Like it's stored there for quick retrieval in case we need to apply it?

~ */u/radbrad89* Walked right into that one. 