It's Finals Week & I'm on My Last Adderall Pill-- Left a message for my doctor who's voicemail stated they're closed for a week. I am pissed beyond belief. I had no warning of this\-\- no text, no email, no phone call. I've been calling in medication refill requests for over a year now, so it's not like they weren't expecting my call.

What do I do?? I'm running out tomorrow and their message said they were "out of the office until May 11th, and will return all calls and requests in a timely manner on May the 14th". That's a week from today. My finals are due on Friday, as well as a big quiz.

Since it's Adderall I'm afraid I won't be able to get an emergency supply from the pharmacy. I can't find an alternate number for my doctor anywhere, and there's no emergency line at the office. Has anyone run into this problem before? I feel like bursting into tears, I'm already terrified for my finals as it is. Thanks in advance. Once I was out of province when my prescription ran out. I took my refill to the ER and the ER doc filled it. They called the drug store I normally get it filled at to see my use history and when they were satisfied they gave me a short supply (7 days). Not sure if this is possible where you are, but worth a try Okay ! DEEP BREATH~ sorry to say this has never happened to me but you are in the right place for answers ! I can only imagine how freaked out you are but it’s important not to get too worked up ! I would say try the pharmacy , show them the sign ur dr. office has displayed and explain the situation. The worst they can say is no !  Is your doctor's office affiliated with a larger provider (like a hospital system) that might be able to access your records?  If so and they have an urgent care option, I'd try that route and explain the situation.  If the office isn't affiliated with anyone else, then I'd take my prescription bottle and doctor's information to an urgent care clinic and try explaining the situation to a physician there to request a stop-gap prescription to last you until they reopen.  The bottle to show that this is a recent prescription (and they may be able to call your pharmacy to get verification you haven't filled another prescription) and the doctor's information so that the physician you see can verify that the office is closed for the week.

I hope you can get it sorted out, and I'm sorry you're in this position :( omg this happens to me all the time. everytime I make an appointment my doctor is on vacation or out of the country. thanks! i'll try that, maybe an urgent care first. pharmacy already said no emergency refills but maybe urgent care can help? i appreciate it  thanks! I'm tryin. already called the pharmacy and they said no, so i'll try an urgent care afterwards and see if they can help. if I would've called 3 days earlier this wouldn't have been a problem. ugh.  Thanks so much, I called the pharmacy and they said they couldn't do an emergency refill because its a sched-II drug, but I can try the urgent care clinic. I have my bottle with me luckily so hopefully that helps.  Yeah the pharmacy was no help for me either. Had to be a doctor and I had to have proof of prescription. Maybe an old pill bottle? 


In the mean time you should start preparing yourself mentally for the possibility you’ll have to go without. If you can accept the fact you won’t have you’re drugs you’ll be much better off. If I forget to take them in the morning I can be a mess all day wishing I had them and getting distracted by the thought of not being on meds. But recently I had to go two weeks without any meds. Before running out I accepted that the whole thing was now out of my control and this would be my reality. I definitely felt the ADHD symptoms but it didn’t consume my thoughts. I noticed them and moved on. I wouldn’t want to do that permanently but it worked in the short term. It’s not ideal but it’ll be better than freaking out the whole time


 Thank you so much! I was starting to do that, then found a lucky penny & 10 mins later got an email from the office manager saying my doctor had me on his list and set the prescription to send tomorrow. :) 

I've never been more relieved in my life. This is my first class in my third attempt at college so I want to ace my final haha. 

So.... sorry for freaking out for nothing. X) I don't really know how she emailed me, since I checked their voicemail probably 3 times and it definitely said they were out until the 14th. But it's all good now ! Good to hear it got sorted out! 