Advice for dating a person with ADHD. Hello everyone!

I recently started dating a guy with ADHD, he has his medication and I am trying to understand it (and him) better. I have been reading a lot about it, but I would like to hear from some of you about experiences you have had and how do you manage to overcome the difficulties. At first, everything it absolutely exhilarating. The energy!  The intense focus! He showered me with sweet texts message, love, gift ect... he introduced me to his kids and all his best friend. Like i was a center of his world, we spend so much time together everything was perfect but it didnt last long. Everything seem to change dramatically. Someday he would seem to distance himself from me and someday he seem fine. He would spend a whole day golfing and doing other thing with his friends. Which i dont mind at all but at least let me know where he is. I would be so worry all the time. I can barely get a text back from him now and i know he used his phone all the time. I feel lonely, ignored, and unappreciated. I am confused not sure that he wasn't into me like he used to or just his normal behavior. I am trying to be patient and understand by not saying anything to him. I love him and wanted to be there for him but everyday my feeling is hurt and i feel unwanted. I would cried myself to sleep right next to him and he didnt even know noticed. What can i do to help our relationship? Or should i just let go? One thing that is very typical of those of us with ADHD is an intense desire for novelty. We will pick up hobbies and projects which are our favorite thing in the world until we get bored and the excitement wears off. The same thing happens in relationships. Coupled with the fact that our condition tends to make us socially awkward, when someone comes around and shows genuine interest in us, we tend to throw ourselves at the new relationship in the way you describe. Then, the novelty wears off. However, we are not robots. We can choose how to react to this. He may not be aware of the effect this is having on you, and possibly not even be aware that it's happening, depending on how introspective he is. What you can do is communicate exactly what you want/need from him. You will probably never experience the exact same high-energy rush as you did at the start of the relationship, but if he truly cares about you, he will make an effort to stop neglecting you. The best thing you can do is to be specific about how he can do that for you. There is a wonderful book called The ADHD Effect on Marriage by Melissa Orlov that anyone dating *with* ADHD or dating a *person with* ADHD should read. Some education and work is necessary...but it's necessary for both parties. It sounds like he might be lacking in self-awareness. 

Yes, we are kinda wired to throw ourselves into things like crazy and then drop them or ignore them for a while at random. Regardless, it's still a hurtful thing to do to a partner and it's not ok. Stuff like this will need to be addressed and by both of you. 

I struggle with texting/calls as well. For me, it depends on the nature of my relationships with people. I have ADHD and have also dated a lot of people with it. I don't have one hard-&-fast rule for all situations. In fact, I don't think I could. Relationships take a lot of effort and I can't maintain a solid effort consistently with everyone, so I have to figure out where I need to put the work in and where I can slack. Just because I have my phone out AND I'm texting someone else doesn't mean that I'll remember to reply to your text right below it. Crazy, but true.

Sometimes, I can make myself stick to a rule. My best friend has BPD and is incredibly well-controlled. I admire her immensely. As a result, I always force myself to text her back right away (or at least waaaaay faster than most other people). Being jerked around or ignored can be a trigger for her. She understands that this is her problem to manage and she never takes it out on anyone else. Since I appreciate that and I know it means a lot to her, I force myself to do it. It's incredibly freaking hard for me and I could not do it with everyone, but I do it for her. I also know that if I screw up occasionally, it won't be a problem.

My brother, on the other hand, has severe ADHD like me. We go months without talking sometimes. Other times, we hang out together for multiple days in a row...because we spent ten minutes together and remembered that the other person existed, so we kept the momentum going. He is one of my favourite people and I love him more than almost anyone on earth, but I still forget he exists sometimes. :P He takes weeks to return my texts sometimes and is late for everything. I couldn't care less and never take it personally.

My boyfriend also has ADHD, but I hold him to totally different standards than my brother. If I went weeks without hearing from him, I *would* be pissed and vice versa. I think that's *why* my brother and I hold each other to such low standards: I know he's giving 110% to his relationships with neurotypicals and I know he's exhausted by it, but it's just gotta be done. We deal with it by just having an unspoken 'you don't have to be neurotypical with me' rule.

You would think I'd take the same approach with my boyfriend, and sure, it would be relaxing...but then I'd be lonely a lot of the time! I like having an attentive boyfriend and he likes having an attentive girlfriend, so we both make it happen. We also forgive and understand when the other person fucks up. 

Your boyfriend can't be neurotypical, but he may be able to meet your needs and make you happy. You're gonna have to prioritize those needs and be clear about them. Let him know which things you DON'T care about. It's ok to say things like "I'm glad you have guy friends you hang out with and I DON'T expect you to reply to texts immediately when you are out with them, however I DO want to know about day-long events in advance so that I'll know not to expect a reply from you on that day". If he tries to meet all your needs all the time, he'll fail. If he knows exactly which things are important to you, he might be a great boyfriend.

I do better when I have little routines and priorities like that. My response-times are incredibly inconsistent...but consistent for each person. If I usually text you back in 30 minutes, I'll probably *always* text you back within 30 minutes. I memorize the things that are most important to the people I care about and I always, always do that, because a little structure makes it easy to remember things. 

Don't give vague instructions like "I want to feel more loved", "I want to spend more time with you" or "I want to feel like you care about me". Be *specific and concrete*, give guidelines for 'bad' and 'good...and also tell him what to do when he fucks up. 

This isn't something to ignore out of sensitivity. You have to talk about it and make a plan...and he has to be an equal participant. The only way I am able to maintain relationships is by having bottom lines and deadlines. I know that I can occasionally flake out on my boyfriend or be a total space-cadet...but I also know that he needs to hear from me daily (even just a dumb meme text will do) most of the time. And even though he hasn't said it, I understand that *this is what's necessary if I want to date this guy*. Other guys might have different 'rules'...but I don't wanna date another guy, I wanna date *this* guy.  Your boyfriend shows up for work every day because he knows that that is what he has to do in order to keep his job. Because he's consistent, his boss will forgive the occasional absence. If he manages to be a good boyfriend to you, it'll be by implementing the same rules, so help him to understand what the rules are. 

I don't want to sound like I'm advocating 'laying down the law' or 'training your man like a dog' or something. You're just setting boundaries and making requests based on what you need in order to be happy. If you want to hear back from your boyfriend within a shorter tie frame, he needs to know that. If he can't do it, you won't be happy, so he's not a good boyfriend for you. Be open to creative solutions, too. Maybe you want to hear back so that you know if you're gonna hang out with him. In that case, could he book your dates in advance so that you know your schedule? Figure out some guidelines for your happiness in a relationship and tell him explicitly when they come up. If he won't meet them or can't meet them, you should move on.

EDIT: holy crap, I'm sorry for the wall of text. My meds just kicked in and I ran with it. Since you don't have ADHD, you might actually read it, but don't feel obliged. ;) I can't speak for every person with ADHD, and I have no experience with relationships, but maybe [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iscw-a_fR98) and [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cg_gte_ODMY) would help. 

Basically, I just know that communication is the key for a relationship. Make sure you talk to him, even about the hard stuff. Better to talk about the hard things (like ADHD, feelings, and stuff calmly now, than to have it escalate and come out in a fight later. 

Also, this channel has a ton of good resources not just for people with ADHD, but for their loved ones. She's great at explaining the obstacles and experiences we have in a way that makes sense. 

Good luck. I'm going to call bullshit on everyone making excuses for him.

He needs to be self-aware. He needs to communicate to you. You need to communicate to him because most ADHD folks ARE NOT GOING TO NOTICE. 

Look, being with someone with a mental disorder is hard work. If he's worth it, he'll also work to figure himself out and how he can meet your needs. You aren't there to enable him to be an asshole. 

Talk to him. Make him talk to you. He may or may not be able to work together with you to figure this out, but if he isn't willing to at least TRY to make it work in a way that his brain can handle, then run like hell. 

Some people have ADHD. Some people are assholes. Some people with ADHD are assholes, and there's no excuse for that. But you absolutely have to talk about it. A lot. Relationships are hard goddamn work. like others said - the experience of novelty, and it eventually wearing off, are intense and can't really be helped. It definitely isn't a sure sign that he's losing interest. I'm just speaking for myself, and I'm a teenage girl so this may not be his experience whatsoever, but in relationships I have a lot of trouble with phase changes, per se - it sounds like your relationship maybe transitioned from new to something more serious? When that happens for me I become uncomfortable and stressed out for a bit - I definitely can't speak for him but in the past I've actually let relationships go because once they start to get serious I stop responding, just because even though I know how to interact with the person, I start to agonize that everything I say is the wrong thing in what I perceive as a new context and something as simple as texting them back becomes a stressful task. I also get very stressed out over the concept of commitment - not in practice, but when it seems imminent it's terrifying to me. It becomes easier for me to put these things in the back of my mind rather than work through them, which leads to less communication. It's never been because I start to dislike the person though. 

Again I'm just speaking from my own personal experience, but I'd say the best thing you can do, if you really want to try to make it work, is force the conversation in person, where he can't take a break from thinking about it. Tell him exactly how you feel, and how his behavior is affecting you, and probably most importantly outline for him what you want in the relationship moving forwards - knowing what's going to happen or what you're going to try to make happen is hugely reassuring. Force your relationship out of this limbo because again I'm only speaking for myself but I can keep that state going indefinitely.

Good luck! It's fantastic that you're putting in the work to try to understand his mind better to solve problems. I know I'm a massive pain in the ass to date, and I'd be so happy if I found out someone did that for me I have ADHD, he hyper focused on you. I did this with my wife when dating. I love my wife to pieces and I would do anything including die for her, but I don't show her the attention I once did. I only recently found I have ADHD. 

I want to say thank you for researching the problem instead of just quitting. Thank you for trying to understand it.

Ask him if he loves you, then how much. If he is like me he doesn't realize what he is doing, and probably one of the reasons why he got a divorce (like me.) 

It's tough being with somebody who has ADHD, I get it. It's not always easy to love somebody who is damaged. :( I've had relationships where I did things without realizing the impact they had on partners, where I'd hyper focus on something for example to the exclusion of them. Once they communicated how they felt I'd be more conscious of their feelings and I'd try to adapt.

If he cares about you, you'll factor into his considerations. If he doesn't you should break up with him.  [This might be a really good resource for you.](https://www.additudemag.com/adhd-divorce-rate-marriage-help/) 

I was given this article when I was diagnosed and it specifically mentions hyperfocus dating, which is what your SO sounds like he did in the beginning.  Communication is essential! We act without realizing it and we are HORRIBLE at self assesment and we have a terrible sense of time. For all he knows, he might think the last time he texted you was yesterday when it was actually a week ago. 

My mom was super pissed at me and I had no clue why. I told her I called her last week. Turns out last week was last month.....

My best suggestion is to go out and do things together. The best dates I remember where when we were actively going out and doing/trying new things, or meeting new people. The new environment keeps him stimulated and interested, while still hanging out with you. 

We also tend to be excitable. Best description I've heard of myself when first dating is a lab puppy.

Try to have the patience he doesn't have. 

Your needs matter too. The important thing is, if your needs aren't being met, let them know.  This site has a lot of good advice regarding this: https://www.adhdmarriage.com/

What you are going through is very common.

Melissa Orlov's book "The couples guide to thriving with ADHD" hits on every point you've brought up in your post.  Here is the link: https://www.adhdmarriage.com/content/couples-guide-thriving-adhd > I love him and wanted to be there for him but everyday my feeling is hurt and i feel unwanted.

End it.  I say that as someone with ADHD in a LTR.  The guy is not fit for a LTR.

The second part of this is you have some work to do figuring out why you are choosing people that cause you so much pain.  Talk therapy is good for this. > I would cried myself to sleep right next to him and he didnt even know noticed. 

Sorry, but ADHD isn't a free pass to be a jerk.

This guy doesn't have an ADHD problem, he has a jerk problem. From the other side, any tips on how to avoid the relative disinterest that comes after? It's fine with hobbies but I've always felt like I'll never settle down because I'll never be interested in someone for a prolonged period. Best responce! I want to say thank you for your comment. I also want you to know that you are not damaged. Nobody perfect, we are special in your our own way. I just need to learn, understand, be patient with him. I love and care for him dearly so i wont give up on us. I want to stand by his side and support him even though its not easy sometime. What does he mean by saying " I always like the idea of the anticipation of being together" and " you are too good to me" yet he wanted to spend two night alone. Forgive me for asking but i am a little confused and since English is my third languages so i am having a hard time understand what he try to tell me? Do he need space and we should take a break from each other? tbh that site is too depressing to read  If he is like me, his head hits the pillow and he is in fairy tale land. My why has cried herself to sleep, and I sadly didn't know it. I wasn't a jerk, I didn't know!
 I used to struggle with this a LOT. The best advice I've gotten is to really be aware of what is real and what is an idealized image that I've invented.

What I mean is, when a relationship is new and exciting you need to control yourself a little, be aware of the intensity, and reel in your expectations. Understand that the crazy passion is going to fade and focus on not burning out. Don't create a false image of the person you're with. Even with ADHD, if you genuinely enjoy someones company you will never grow tired of them entirely, even though it will definitely be hard not to jump ship every time a "new flame" comes around. I've had this issue too. One thing that's worked for me a lot is to get with someone who you find challenging. Sometimes it makes you feel crazy but as long as you remain active in outside things and they remain active in outside things, you'll always have feelings of newness and less predictability that makes us bored. Do stuff together! I'm the best me when I'm engaged. I love playing games, or ping pong, or running trails, or rock climbing, or reading books and I crave companionship. Ive struggled in relationships with mismatched enthusiasm for activity. I used to worry about that so much that I'd just accepted it as inevitable; marriage wouldn't work because I'm too obsessive or difficult or mercurial or exhausting, etc etc etc. My husband just.... I don't know, he took the fire out of me. That's how I usually describe it. The anger, the fight, the clingy tendencies, the insecurity, all of it was just gone. It stopped being about "oooh, shiny!" and instead it was the relaxing reality that he was there. He's smart, dorky-funny like me, has had his own issues, but we think the same way about a lot of things, so I always know he'll understand where I'm coming from even if he doesn't agree. He gives me space when I'm all peopled-out for the day and plays with me when I'm feeling goofy.

The comfort level is so wonderful. My appreciation for how he makes me feel pushes me to modify the behaviors he doesn't like (which are fortunately few) and do things that I'd rather not (cleaning the kitchen, keeping my random 'but I might need it!' items off the couch) without him asking me because I know it will make him happy.

I don't just love my husband, I really like the guy. The person he brings out of me is pretty great too.

If you're with someone that makes your life more difficult, get the fuck on. There are enough difficult times coming at us that we CAN'T choose to avoid. Don't latch on to trouble. You sound wonderful 😊  Did he say that he actually likes you or the thought of being with you?

For the "I always like the idea of the anticipation of being together", I would be thinking "so you don't like being with me, but the idea?" And maybe "so you like the idea of being with me because you are not alone?" 

"You are too good to me" could be a compliment, but also he could feel guilty that he doesn't treat you better, and knows he doesn't deserve you. 

For two nights he may just want to go home and play video games or catch up on game of thrones, Idk.

He may not like you after all for long term commitment, but like you because he doesn't have anybody else and doesn't want  to be alone.

I don't know really. I need more information. You should just have a good talk with him. 

Good luck to you! How so? > The best advice I've gotten is to really be aware of what is real and what is an idealized image that I've invented.

This is everything! This is what I'm focusing on now. I found someone who has also been in the boredom boat before, and we actually do new things together. It's insane to me to have either of us be like "hey let's go try that" and then we will actually go do it and not be flakey or change minds. All of my other relationships before this have been a struggle because I felt like my partners didn't care enough to do things with me, or just wanted to do the same things over and over Thank you so much. I will have a talk with him. the comments & forum section... quite a few horrendously sad stories, mostly by women.  Oh god I ignore that entire section!  I found some of her articles helpful regarding relationships where one party has ADD and one doesn't... I would def. ignore the forum and comments! 