Speed reading? I'm one semester into grad school, after years of working, and now that I know about my learning disabilities I feel empowered to actually do well in school this time around. I have been, with meds, and structure, but I'm still way way slower than most of my peers, and I have lower retention.

I've been using some online speed reading apps that let you paste text in, and have it flashed on the screen word by word, at a faster than natural rate. That has actually helped some, both with my speed and retention. I've borrowed some books about speed reading, but I was considered shelling out some money for software. For me it needs to be user friendly, efficient and easy for me to work on it.

Has anyone else tried/had success with speed reading. Are the softwares worth it? I was thinking of 7speedreader but its impossible to find reviews online that aren't written by the company.

Thoughts? The great thing about academic writing is that it really lends itself to speed reading (tell us what you're doing, do it, tell us what you did). I just finished my PhD this spring. What I would do, particularly if it is class reading rather than my own research, is skim across the first sentence of each paragraph (and sometimes the last). Only when something confused me or I thought it was really important would I stop to read every word. Also, skip block quotes and read right before and after them! In a lot of papers/monographs, academics will coin new words (and usually do so on the first page (in essays) or first chapter (in books). When a work has neologisms, I add them to my skim list- often times they crop up in important sections. Can you name/link the speed reading apps that you used? I'm interested in trying them out. I find that I often spend much of my medicated time reading instead of writing, which seems a waste. Especially when I get caught up in the text and waste more time analyzing things I shouldn't be. I do this often and if I don't snap back, I end up getting to the writing/answering parts a little tired or eye strained which affects my work. A speed reading app would help with that, and also improve my general reading skills.
 Crap! One more! Don't be afraid of starting with Wikipedia or a book review or something. The obvious danger is that it will shape the way you interpret it. On the other hand, however, it will help you read strategically! Congrats on the doctorate! Congrats! What field?  sure, www.spreeder.com has a little cut and paste thing you can use for free, I was considering buying their software but its expensive! Thanks! Theatre History and Dramatic Criticism. My dissertation was on the contextual shifts and possible affect of onstage childhoods.  