Good text-to-speech softwares and other reading aids? TL;DR: I'm looking for text-to-speech program to use on my PC that will read the text to me with a fairly understandable voice, so that I can follow along with my eyes while reading. 

Hi Reddit, I'm a college student that was diagnosed at age 19 and my doctor suggested trying to manage my symptoms without medications. He noted that I've adapted pretty well to live with ADHD, and that eliminating it would probably mess me up, and I've found that true for the most part. The one thing that I've consistently have trouble with is reading and writing. I find myself looking at the words, and moving my eyes along the text, but not really paying attentions to what those words mean. This doesn't really work out for a college student who's classes involve a lot of reading and writing. I've found that having the text read to me while I follow along with my eyes helps tremendously. I have been using the text-to-speech (tts) accessibility feature on my iPhone, (I'll open up the file or webpage on my phone, and have it read aloud) but that doesn't really work for large PDFs and involves me following along on my computer or on paper. Do you guys know of any tts softwares that are as good as my phone's accessibility feature, but work on PCs? I can probably afford something $30 or below, but my budget doesn't allow for any of the really fancy expensive ones. Also, any advice about adjusting to college learning with ADD? I don't know any text-to-speech softwares (but I'd also be interested in finding one), but I do have a different technique I just started using where I'll type what I'm reading as I'm reading it. Isn't 100% great but keeps me more focused on the text at least. 

Would reading out loud to yourself help you in the meantime? I read to my cat occasionally. 

I got through my undergrad by writing down *exactly* what the professors wrote on the board plus as much of what they said that actually entered my brain, and by building up several groups of friends I could rely on to do homework with, or finding just a study buddy in a class. It's so much easier for me to get work done if there's another person sitting actually right there doing it with me. You could also see if your college offers any kind of study help or disability help. Mine does, they'll help you figure out what kind of studying is best for you and help you manage things. I never took advantage of it, and I regret that. I probably could've done a lot better in school.  Ivona 2 there are places to get the voices cheap and check out voice attack for automating your computer with your voice.  This one is good. I use it when i don't want to read and make it read to me, I use the free version.

https://www.zabaware.com/reader/
 