Need advice from anyone who's ever taken any kind of board exam I just finished physical therapist assistant school (yay!) recently and now I'm in the process of preparing for my big boards exam. I did very well in school and I'm normally a good student test taker. I usually work well under pressure and normally study for my exams last minute (usually not recommended but it's always worked for me).

However, this board exam is a totally different. I've been studying a little day by day, which I'm totally not used to, and I'm finding all of the information very overwhelming and I don't seem to be retaining it all well. I took a practice test and unfortunately I didn't do so great, and now I'm nervous that I won't pass if I don't get my act together.

Has anyone else ever taken any kind of big exam (nursing boards, bar exam, etc.) that required the retention of a lot of information? How did you study and what worked best for you to retain large amounts of information?  I reviewed all the text I had highlighted, and anything printed in bold or italics, and the end of chapter summaries from every one of my old textbooks. If I didn't already have an outline of a chapter to review, I wrote one now. (My class notes were beyond terrible, or I would have used those too.) From that information, I picked out the most important, and rearranged it across texts and classes in a way that was more useful for a comprehensive exam, and then hand-wrote index cards that I carried everywhere and reviewed frequently, aloud if possible. I also made a time-line for major developments and people and color coded it by theoretical orientation, so I could see how things related to one another in the big picture. For anatomy, I went back to middle school strategies, and traced pictures, colored them in, labeled them, and made up anagrams to remember all the names of the parts.

I got a test review book and skimmed it for information that hadn't been covered in my classes. (For me, the test review books are otherwise useless because they just list brief facts and I can't retain information learned out of context) and then I went to the library and found the relevant text or study, and then read, outlined, and added the information to my index cards.

Writing the information out longhand (cursive) while saying it to yourself aloud, plus arranging the information in a way that makes the most sense to you should be the most effective way to retain it. This is one time when technology is not your friend! You can also try using different colored pens or highlighter for different categories of information. I usually just made a colored mark on the top of the flashcard. Vocabulary words are best reviewed first thing upon waking and last before sleep. Also, you should review the most complex topics at the time you feel most alert.

For the last two weeks before the exam, all I did was review for the test, eat, and practice waking up early (this was back in the days when they only gave the test in big groups on a certain day, and you had to be there at  like 7 am). I took a few practice tests, too. They are helpful because you learn the rhythm of the questions and how long to spend on a question, and because they help your brain practice sustained concentration. I did much better on the actual exam than my practice exams because the adrenaline helped me focus. I put so much effort in because my grades were only middling and excellent test scores were my only hope.

Anyway, this was for the GRE in Psychology (220 questions covering any possible topic in the field), and this method must have worked well because I scored in the 99th percentile, and my number score was actually way above the percentile cutoff.  