What's your experience with medication tolerance? (Warning: wall of text-tl;dr @ bottom) As the title suggests I'm just curious what your experience has been. 

I've been on 20mg vyvanse for about a year now. Over the year I noticed my bodies response decreased as time progressed. I told my psychologist this and she suggested I increase to 30-40mg daily and see how it goes. I decided to just take 2 20mg capsules. The first day I felt ok, didn't get lost on my phone or anything like I typically would when not on medication.  2nd day I woke up a little late, took the medication later than normal, took my melatonin later than normal, couldn't get to sleep until 3am (I'm definitely a morning person...) And by late I mean I took the meds at ~10:30am. 

So here's my concerns that I'd like to compare with your experiences: 
1.) Will I just keep building a tolerance? If so, this only seems like a bad route I'm on and I'm concerned for my health. 

2.) With an increased dose, do any of you feel the need to wake up earlier than you typically would just to take your medication, and then lay back down until it's time to start your day? Are there any other uncommon ways of taking the medication that has helped you?

3.) If you have been on this same route and changed medication, what did you switch to and have you reached a point where it feels like you have a long-ish term solution? 

4.) I'm currently taking this for school and I don't think I could pass organic chemistry without it... Or some of my previous classes. Should I consider taking a break from taking medications once the semester is over? If you've done that, how has your body responded? 

5.) Lastly, and this is a little personal, so skip it if you want, but I swear Vyvanse dramatically increases my sex drive... I don't really mind, but my wife isn't a fan 😅 has anyone else experienced this, and do you take anything to help decrease it? Or do you just let nature take it's course so to speak? 

If you made it through that and you responded, thank you! You deserve a gold star or something 😅 if there's anything I can do to show my appreciation, let me know!

TL;DR: after a year dose of Vyvanse increased due to tolerance, worried a trend will occur, has this happened to you and how did you and your Dr respond? 
 I've climbed a mountain of milligrammes. From 10, to 20, to 30.. now at 80 and the psychiatrist wants to up it to 90 (!) which has me more worried than him.. and yes, after a while, the effects diminish. 
As for sex drive, more like the opposite. Thanks for the response! Has your psychiatrist ever suggested a different med or just always an increased dose? I've read that typically with ADHD meds and sex drive, it usually decreases it. Maybe I just have some hormonal imbalances or something 🤷‍♂️ I've tried different stuff yes. Going to change one medication now, but that is more to find something to help with depression. 

The meds do have an effect, but apparently my body doesn't take it up too much or some such  