Reading Hi everyone. Does anybody else find that when reading a couple of sentences or a paragraph, it takes waaaaay longer than it should? Like I read the first few words and then have to start again because the information didn't go in. And then I start the next sentence and have to go back to the start of the whole text because I can't link up the relevance between them or I forgot what the first sentence was about. This especially happens when there's noise around me. Honestly I think it must take me like 10x longer to read a simple piece of text than your average person. I don't even know if this post makes any sense but thanks for reading anyway!  If you break this down into paragraphs, I might actually make it to the end ;) This made college reading hell...  I used to have to reread a page or two in high school A LOT because the info just didn't get "absorbed" for whatever reason. Sometimes even 2 or 3 times on the same page. Unfortunately, I've just accepted that, unless time is an issue, J have to read at snail pace to comprehend everything I'm reading. 

I don't know about other types of reading, but whdn I'm reading books, the best way I've found is to imagine everything tgat's happening like its a movue in my head.

Was very embarassed in school so I would just fake read during class so other kids wouldn't notice and reread everything at home. I hear you. When I was in elementary school, I read a lot, and I loved reading. I don't know what happened but I'm 25 now, and I feel like I can barely read. I frequently find myself re-reading the same sentence over and over because it just won't go into my brain. For longer, more complex sentences, I'll often forget the beginning of the sentence by the time I get to the end. It's a shame because I love learning, but most of the stuff I want to learn about is locked behind that barrier.

I'm sorry I don't have a solution for you (I'm here because I was looking for one myself), but I can tell you that you're not alone in that struggle. I will say that I tend to be more successfully with texts that are written using shorter sentences (thank you, Richard Feynman). Perhaps that might work for you as well. Touché... I know the feeling and is the exact reason I don't read books. It would take me a year to finish  Oh wow that's sounds exactly like me! Unfortunately part of my job requires me to proof read reports and I have to isolate myself whilst I'm doing it otherwise it'll take me hours to do a 5 minute read.

Thanks for the advice. I guess it's just something we have to endure for now. Maybe it'll sort itself out?! Wishful thinking I suppose... I will definitely give that a go. Thanks.  I think you should still try. I just bought a few hard backs because its a lot easier than e-books on my phone or a tablet. 

And between books that have become movies, I've felt books were a lot more thrilling because it's up to me to proceed the story. Unlike watching movies where I feel I can look at my phone or do other things which causes me to rewind sometimes or just fall asleep.

But that's just me though.  Maybe I will, thanks. I will definitely need some earplugs or something as well 