Is there anyone here who doesn't have trouble focusing? I went to the pharmacist to see what I could take over the counter to help me think more clearly. He just said to drink caffeine. He asked how I am at my best/worst. At best, I can read bits and pieces of a textbook and sort of pretend to put things together. Unless I rewrite the damn thing in a way an idiot could understand (because I know I'll forget whenever I review my notes), I won't be able to think through it. At my worst, I get bits and pieces, but they don't stay in my head long enough to matter. Does anyone else have this feeling, or is there no confusion? Do you definitely have trouble focusing? I don't have a problem focusing in the first place. I have trouble resisting the impulse to think about other things or do something more interesting. I also feel an increasing need to get up and move around the longer I sit and read something boring.  

When I was in college reading really long, boring textbooks it was much worse though and I do recall reading the same paragraphs over and over and understanding the words but then not knowing what I just read.  There is a difference on focusing on what you need to and what you currently find interesting.  I find it hard not to think about other things, but it's more like dwelling on something than it is finding something more interesting. I haven't been diagnosed. And when you can't focus on what you need to do, would you say there's a better word than focus, or is that basically it? For me, I have trouble getting information into my brain in a meaningful way. For me the feeling isn't always consistent (another hallmark of ADHD). Sometimes, usually if there was a deadline looming, the topic interested me or I was competing to beat someone, I could focus fine for long periods of time. I remember in Freshman year of college going through a thousand pages of primary sources on Medieval Jewish History to memorise all the authors, dates of publication and what each text said.  I got one of the only A's in the class. 

But most of the time I ended up pulling an all nighter in the library right before the exam and barely managing to get through half the required reading because I felt so twitchy sitting there and the words just wouldn't get in my head.  Or simply forgetting when the exam even was, turning up late and not having even opened the text book.  

It was never a lack of attention, it was the inability to keep that attention on what I needed to.   So there are 2 parts for me, the most common is classical procrastination where you can't even get started on the things you need to do. The other I think is more anxiety based where you start but either worry about doing it perfectly or don't think you understand it well enough. If you have issues with reading or memory then I think that is something else too. Medication can and does solve these issues but may not for you. My girlfriend is not diagnosed with add but has big issues with studying and dyslexia, she literally gets confused by words and it slows her down massively. Ritalin helps her a lot, to the point she possibly can't study without it as now she knows the difference.  