ADHD boyfriend is very sporadic with contact - why does this happen. My boyfriend of 2 years (aged 25) has ADHD is great and very supportive. His ADHD is very severe and he doesn't want to take meds even though the doc recommended it. He tries his best with setting alarms for everything especially to call me back. 

6 weeks ago he started a new job and has gone from phoning me once a week to just texting now and then. I don't wait around to be called and just call him instead. I asked him why he doesn't call and he says he was about to but was sidetracked by a new project he's working on. He also has this fear of missing out on work dos and goes out with his new workmates a lot.

Our conversations are the same and he is still as sweet and funny as ever but I'm taken aback by the change in phone habits. Is this something that happens?

Any advice would be great. I completely get why you'd be confused by this.

I'd argue that we just get very easily distracted by things that are new, because they are new. Not because they are actually more important to us. I'm guessing he has some problems prioritizing things.

Phone calls are also something that has to pop into your mind in just the right moment. If he says he was about to call you, he probably really thought about wanting to call you. But just never in at a time where he actually had time to make the call. And with limited working memory, that thought is gone as quickly as it came. At least that's what I'd conclude from my personal experience. (Example: Forgetting someone's birthday even though I spent hours thinking of a present, already made plans with them for the weekend and went to bed thinking "It's their birthday tomorrow! I won't forget!")

It may sound stupid but scheduling times where you call/text may be a good idea. Also: Please, talk about it! It's still the best way to find out what's going on inside his head. And a chance to communicate your needs. All we can do here is speculate, after all Another ADHD boyfriend here.  Huge kudos for coming here trying to understand it, instead of taking it personally!  Not to gush, but from an ADHD point of view the world needs more people like you.

> I don't wait around to be called and just call him instead.

This is great and he probably appreciates this a lot!  Maybe long term, agree on some structure like days and times for phone calls.

/u/Upstairs_Description made some really great points: just because he seems to prioritize his new job and his workmates over calling you doesn't mean it's actually more important to him.  ADHD can prevent you from accomplishing things in priority order, and it takes a lot of coping mechanisms to overcome this.  It's more of an executive functioning disorder, in that just knowing what you should be doing and wanting it really badly isn't enough to make yourself do it.

New work situations and social groups can also be really draining if you have ADHD.  People have a need to fit in and be accepted, and when you have ADHD this is just way more difficult.  Your brain just works differently to other peoples', so you expend a ton of energy just trying to seem "normal".  I left this [other comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/9rsn80/i_feel_like_i_alienate_people_after_a_week_or_so/e8kbol1/) on another post about maintaining relationships the other day (I won't copy paste to keep this from getting too long).  Maybe that will give some helpful context: we tend to have a lot of pathologies built up around forming and maintaining relationships, and it's just naturally more difficult.  This might be another layer of what's going on with your boyfriend and his new workmates (and you).

He's also trying to make a good impression at a new job, which I'm sure is draining even without ADHD.  This effort gets to be really exhausting and all-consuming, which makes being on top of everything else in your life more difficult.  It's like a cascade effect, especially when it causes relationship or financial issues that you then have to repair.  The more emotionally exhausted or upset you become, the more difficult it becomes to deal with it all in the first place.

I hope this helps!  There are some really great resources all around if you are more curious, like [this lady](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcZuL1jQJuM) has some really well-produced content.


 It sounds like your boyfriend is overwhelmed with his new job and trying to manage all his obligations while having poor organisation. He also might be going through a hyper focus stage with his project so all his spare brain power is going to that. When someone with ADHD has hyper focus it’s like they live and breath that topic, nearly every thought is about it and they want to dedicate all their time to it. It’s very intense and I can see how he would appear distant. It’s not a reflection of you. 

Try not to blame him or pressure him about calling you, it seems like he’s already trying as you said he set alarms to remind him. Maybe tell him gently that you feel like he doesn’t want to call, give him the option to not call if he doesn’t want to. He will probably be surprised you feel that way, I really doubt he’s meaning to upset you! Sometimes to outsiders it seems like the person with ADHD isn’t trying very hard, when in reality they are trying unbelievably hard. It’s upsetting for both people in this situation.  I don't like the phone as someone with ADD because since I'm not face-to-face with someone, it's wayyyy easier to zone out. It makes me feel awkward as well as guilty because I'll miss large parts of conversation and it can be hard to hold up my end of conversation. I avoid the phone. I'm sure my boyfriend has noticed that I NEVER call him unless I need something but he's never brought it up as something that bothers him. My boyfriend is overseas for a little while now and I'm kicking myself because I actually JUST got off the phone with him and even though he was telling me crazy stories and I miss him so much, I spent a lot of the conversation scrolling reddit and shit and not talking much. 

It took me a long time to understand, but I think my problems with the phone are directly related to my attention problems. Maybe it could be similar for him too? Maybe with new stresses in his life, he's trying to limit putting himself in stressful situations (the phone perhaps?) If you haven't already, I would ask what his feelings about talking on the phone are.  Thanks for all replies, that has given me a lot of food for thought.  I'm trying not to take it personally but it is hard at times when you remember that he used to call me so regularly and now just doesn't. But I'm really trying to put myself in his shoes as starting a new job is completely overwhelming and people react in different ways. He does like speaking on the phone and thought he might miss my voice etc but I guess just trying to stay on top of it all is very important and takes up all his energy.

&#x200B;

My boyfriend did tell me once about the extra effort required in fitting in with new people and pretending to be like them (his words, not mine). I've just got a follow up question -- how long is it before friendships and relationships start to get tough? My boyfriend said that after 2 months of making a new friend things start to fail because he'll be really late meeting that friend and will forget earlier conversations they had. He said that one of the reasons things have worked out with me and him is because I didn't cold-shoulder him after he was late, forgot to turn up, interrupted me.

&#x200B;

&#x200B; I just neglected my best friend so much over the past couple months, it was gonna be 2 years December 2nd and she just decided we should take a break because she was falling out of love with me because I couldn't give her the attention she needed. I was so focused on so much school and work I was trying my best to build a future for us but I would get distracted and I wouldn't even reply to her texts sometimes and it just led to her falling out of love with me. I miss her so much OP please tell him how you're feeling. Sit down for a serious conversation with him, I wish I could have seen it coming as apparently obvious it was to her.  I get where your coming from, and I’m the same if I’m on the phone with someone I don’t know well. But with my boyfriend he knows I always zone out so it’s not a big deal. I way prefer to call than text because texting requires remembering to reply. Normally I read the text, think of a reply in my head, place the phone down and never reply. 

I agree though, OP should ask her bf if he enjoys the calls. Everyone is different.  > I'm trying not to take it personally but it is hard at times when you remember that he used to call me so regularly and now just doesn't.

Don't be afraid to tell him how you feel.  You matter in the relationship, too!  This is just a learning experience for both of you.  His ADHD shouldn't define him or your relationship, it's just an obstacle to work around sometimes.  That you started out by seeking understanding first is a great sign, maybe mention to him that you're doing this when you talk next.

> how long is it before friendships and relationships start to get tough?

Everyone's flavor of ADHD is a little different, but in a way it's always tough right from the start.  It depends a lot on the other person, too. For example, yourself:

> He said that one of the reasons things have worked out with me and him is because I didn't cold-shoulder him after he was late, forgot to turn up, interrupted me.

It seems like your relationship has been working out so far partially because you've been tolerant of his quirks, like the friends he mentioned weren't.  You two have made it past his usual 2 month mark (albeit as more than just friends).  In a way, this thread is about how his ongoing story of difficult relationships due to ADHD might now be affecting your relationship.

I hope you aren't discouraged by any of this, because you don't have to be slaves to his ADHD.  You guys can tackle this obstacle as a team, and support each other in figuring out solutions.  I've been with my current girlfriend for more than 8 years, despite seldom having friends last that long, because we love each other and communicate, and work on overcoming our respective struggles.  We made it work for years before either of us knew I had ADHD :) 