Disabilities services in college Hello,

I'm starting classes and finally have followed through with getting disability services. I'm currently enrolled in a math and a writing class. I'm sure they will suggest things I can take advantage of to help maximize my potential this term, but my question is:

What specific services would be good to ask for in terms of a math and writing class? Tests outside of class, etc.. 

Thanks.    Tutors.  Doesn't matter if you need extra help or not (I used them to force my butt into the chart and do some homework).  If I had it to do over again, I would also have requested an assistant to talk with me every so often and help me stay organized.  Finally, therapy.  As much as you can get.  This will not be easy, and the struggle to keep from blaming yourself is real.   Distraction free room. Extra time to take breaks (I get 1.25 hours for every hour my test is, idea being I use the time to take a break)

Also extra time is invaluable for error checking. We're prone to glazing over specifics so you can say you need extra time to check over your work for simple errors in calculations and grammar
 I got software that reads to me for my text books, so maybe something like that if you're writing class requires much reading. If there's a speech to text software they can give you that could be helpful to.

And then the distraction free room and 1.5x time for tests. The counselor told me the extra time is because with adhd a lot of time is spent getting distracted and then trying to refocus. So this basically levels the playing field of how much time you actually have to spend on the test.

Also, having the PowerPoint slides/lecture notes ahead of class so I can take notes on them. Which helps me to keep on track and be organized with my note taking. I think you could ask to record lectures too, I didn't ask for that though.

The counselor also helped me with understanding my teachers website and making a calendar of when I have assignments due. And suggested a book on adhd (which I haven't looked at yet though). So, at least ours were helpful to talk to and with that kind of organizational stuff also. I would recommend talking with them about extended time for testing, and possibly distraction free testing (taking your tests separately from the rest of the class so you won’t be distracted by people shuffling papers or getting up to turn their tests in) also some universities offer assisted note taking devices like smart pens, which are great for if you find it hard to keep up with taking notes, or if you zone out sometimes and miss things. 