I have a hard time in reading based classes Any class with generic info that can be found anywhere (math, bio, chem etc) I do fine with. But classes that involve read literature and giving your thoughts on it, and any class where you have to refer *back to the text* is so hard for me. 

My eyes dance over the words no matter how much times I read it Does anyone not retain info when being asked to read out loud? Seriously one of my old history teachers would ask me questions about what I just read and I'd be like " uhhhh " I had this problem too as well, in class reading sessions where the teacher and or other classmates will read the book, if I wasn't personally interested in the book I would constantly start spacing out and realize I've fallen behind and try to skip ahead to where everyone else is missing most of the content everyone else seemed to retain. However, if the book I was reading was awesome to me, i would have a really hard time stopping to read it and miss most of what else the teacher said or if the class stopped and was doing something else, I was still reading and way ahead lol.  My 11 year old son is having this problem in school. Like you mentioned, things like math he does fine. But when he has to read a passage and answer questions about it, or give his opinion on the text, he can't seem to do it. We have been trying to find a way to help him with it, but haven't had any luck. What was odd to us about it is that he loved reading, tests at the level of a 19 year old for comprehension and reading levels, but can't seem to do any homework or tests that involve reading. 

&#x200B;

Have you found anything that helps you for these kind of things? Yes, same here. Sometimes, doing a weird dance while singing the words aloud helps.  Exactly, and even if it has nothing to do with anxiety my mind doesn't grasp what I read  I'm the same, I love reading and was always good at it. But its reading passages of text for an assignment to give feedback on it was never my strong suit 