Why does it have to be so hard? EDIT::::: Ugh this is much more than I initially wanted to write. I'm so sorry about the wall of text.

Hey everyone. First post on here. I hope I didn't miss a rule or anything - if so I'm really sorry. Paying attention just really fucking sucks, especially right now, so don't hesitate to remove this if this is crap. I'm just really desperate now.


First of all thank you for the FAQ page on here. It's the first resource I read and what got me into researching more.


I've been diagnosed with ADHD when I was a child, no later than elementary school. But it wasn't until a few months ago, like December 2017 or something, that I learned that it was the cause of so many of my problems.

My parents didn't bother to inform themselves properly about it and thought it was 'being hyperactive and wanting more attention'. My dad straight-off put it off as a myth, saying 'my son's just more active'.

Now I'm 21. Lost lots of friends. Fucked up so much. How much further ahead I could have been by now...


I've started seeking help somewhere in October where I called a psychological counselling service (dear god I really hope that's a term... I'm not from an english speaking country) and requested, or rather begged for help and guidance. Been there two or three times and found a therapist. I've been there once, we talked a bit, and then I just said 'yes'. We had one more appointment.

It fucking sucked. His methods were not at all resonating with me.

I hate my retarded stupid nonsensical decisions so damn much. Why can't I just THINK for a second before I say 'yes' to something? Why does impulsivity suck so fucking much?

This was so frustrating that I just didn't do anything in that regard for a month. I didn't call him to cancel the therapy, I didn't call others, I just didn't do anything.


I was seeking help again 2 weeks ago after having a panic attack in public, which luckily though, no one seemed to notice except one of my female friends who knows about my issues and one guy who saw me drop my backpack in helplessness and gave me a confused look. A part of me doesn't want others to notice but another just wants to get hugged from time to time.

Anyway. Unlike the other therapist who immediately asked me if I wanted to start a therapy with him, I actually got informed about CBT, bits of depth psychology and what a therapy session is like and lots of other info. She seemed very professional and didn't make me feel pressured like the other one did.

We also did some tests (first time I did any, apart from the childhood test that I don't remember) and it's again pretty clear that I have ADHD and serious depressive symptoms.

Just my luck though she cannot take more patients. She told me what to do and where I should start and even wrote it down for me since I have insane trouble following directions or memorise them for that matter.

Of course, I zoned out from time to time. I just fucking have to. Whenever there's important information for me, may it be school, college, any seminar, anything that's important to listen to, I just fucking can't do it. I feel like such an asshole, as if I don't care about what is being said to me.

Her notes include getting in touch with a doctor, but guess what? I don't remember what for. I just fucking don't... I just fucking hate myself. If I don't get 200% clear instructions written down or presented to me slowly I just can't goddamn do it.

I've been thinking about sending her an email to again tell me what I had to do and why, but I'm hesitant. How fucking dependent can you be? I'm sick of myself.


So, why does it have to be so fucking hard?


Guess what, I LOST MY TRAIN OF THOUGHT. I have no idea if this was actually what I wanted to write in the first place. And I don't know if I wrote everything I had in mind in each paragraph. My thoughts are just racing at lightspeed right now and I cannot get a grasp on anything.


Ending words... I dunno. Should I ask for advice? Will I even follow the advice? I'm just lost at the moment.

Does anyone else here suffer from hating themselves? Anyone? I'm just really alone right now. I cannot bother my friends anymore and I feel really really stupid and like everyone hates me.

Also forgot to mention I'm male. Thought this had to be mentioned too...


**TL;DR**: *I fucking hate myself and don't know if I'll ever get better. Or want to, for that matter. Or CAN.*

PS: While we're at it, does anyone else listen to one song a hundred of times in a row? I do it when I'm outside and listening to music. Instead of an entire playlist, I just have one song on repeat. I used to switch it up after like 50 repeats in the past, but I don't have that as much anymore. It's like I don't get enough of a certain song. Hey! I.....am going through alot of the things you are right now considering i also have ADHD but i have OCD and alOT of other things as well so trust me i get it. I honestly so much that im still trying to figure out how to myself. But i know one thing that could help is surrounding yourself with like minded people. They might be in the same drowning boat as you but you will have the comfort you need and you won't feel to bad about yourself. You will feel so happy knowing you have people like you (in mind/heart/soul/headspace) that will keep you calm and sane in this world where people like us dont feel like we can be. 

You can do this Honey!!! This girl is rooting for you all the way!! And if you ever need someone to talk to at all please message me. Im here for everyone that needs a hug and a listening ear.💖 I couldn’t read your whole post (sorry) but I feel your pain and you’re not alone Nothing you said here is stupid. 

You can definitely reach out and ask the psychologist to remind you what you should do. It sounds like she’s pretty cool, since she wrote things down for you, so I’m sure she wouldn’t mind shooting you a quick email to help fill in the gaps.

I know it’s super hard right now, and I know that saying it’ll get better doesn’t necessarily make right now easier, but it will get better.  I was diagnosed recently and I've been reading a lot. The kind of self-doubt and self-hating you're experiencing seems to be pretty common among people with ADHD, especially untreated ADHD. Comorbidity with depression and/or anxiety is miserable, but not uncommon. 

You are not alone. You are not alone. You are not alone.

One message that really helped me was:
* Remember that feelings are just feelings, not eternal truths. You feel stupid. That doesn't mean you are stupid. You feel like everyone hates you. That doesn't mean it is true, let alone that it will be true forever. 
 Having a hard time differentiating between important/unimportant or useful/non-useful information is an ADHD thing. So the fact that you get overwhelmed by the information you find when you try to do this yourself makes sense, as does the fact that you aren’t sure which pieces of conflicting information are the ones you should be using.

I know it can feel like you’re stupid for not understanding this stuff easily — I had to file my taxes yesterday, and even though I only worked for a month last year and the website I was using had step by step instructions, I needed my mom looking over my shoulder the entire time because it didn’t make sense to me because there was too much information. I’ll probably need to ask her for help when it comes time to apply for housing with my college for the summer.

I feel stupid a lot of times because I can’t do these things by myself. But it’s not stupid, it’s just a difference in the way our brains process things that makes everyday life stuff hard to do. Aww you're amazing. Thank you so much. I'd really like to talk but I don't want to overburden anyone. I can be really cumbersome...

I've had one friend with ADHD irl before but he and the entire clique decided to hate me, and back then I didn't have such extreme mental health issues. And as I noted I knew I had it too but didn't know what ADHD really was.

Yes, it definitely helps. I don't know why I keep crapping this stuff on my irl friends anyway after they have proven multiple times they can't handle it... don't think they'll be my friends for much longer. I really don't know.

Once more I can't get my thoughts in order. I have so many thoughts but I can't put them into words. sukdfhuif

Again, thank you from a professional self-loather. I'm sorry to hear that and I think I understand lmao. Just to make sure though since I am insecure, is it because it's so long or because what I've said really is that stupid? Thank you.

Yeah I really hope it does. I tried to play my guitar but I fucked up so much that I got into a fit of rage where I almost broke it and my chair too. I'm still insanely angry right now and I don't know what to do.

It's just... why can't I do anything by myself?! I'm so stupid. But I guess I will have to ask someone, so I might as well ask her again? She is indeed cool. I told her when I zoned out and she was very understanding. But still, I should be able to figure this out on my own... but I don't know where to look. Argh this is so fucking retarded. Thank you for commenting!

How long ago is your diagnosis? Have you suffered a lot because of it?

I've read about the comorbidity. I completely understand why people feel this way.

I can't help it. There's no reason I should feel any other way. My 'friends' don't ask me if I want to do something. They ask eachother. If I don't talk to them, I won't hear anything. They meet up and don't tell me about it. But why am I even mad? It's my own fucking fault. I am not enjoyable to have around. Either I talk too much or I don't talk enough.

SERIOUSLY we were at lunch once and I was in a good mood, so I talked a lot. I thought I was very engaging and friendly. I wasn't eating really fast because that's just how I do it. If I force myself to eat quickly I end up being too full and that doesn't feel good at all. Then one of my friends (we were 5 people), who didn't know about my issues at that time but who I could still talk to about a few insecurity problems I have, who usually is very understanding, told me to hurry up because I was just talking the whole time. It pissed me off really bad and I didn't talk a lot after that. Of fucking course, no one fucking noticed, because who fucking cares. I have been trying to force myself to believe that they don't mean what they say BUT THEY FUCKING DO. They fucking hate me. Just fuck them. I'm so angry. I don't want to go out anymore.

Whenever the two friends I'm pissed about are together they are nonstop talking. They ALWAYS have something to say. I don't know how to contribute so I just shut up. The only things I can think of are silly useless remarks. Rarely they do ever say anything to me, and it really feels like they just don't want me to be left out. Like, asking me if that person we spoke to 2 days ago was someone I already knew. Completely out of the blue. I should just stay away honestly.


k78 +9 << I smacked my keyboard

I was actually starting to calm down when I started writing this comment but thinking about this shit makes me SO FUCKING MAD.

Sorry. Ranting a lot right now. Oh damn, that sucks so bad... that's so much me. You do have a point. It's just that everything seems impossible right now and I'm emotional, and it's hard to keep in mind that the disorder is not 'me'. Well, I still kinda suck but... I guess it's not as terrible as I make it out to be. Thank you for talking to me. Sincerely, thank you.

I really want to get this stuff in order now. I hate the idea of having to talk to other therapists now, not knowing whether or not they're good and when it becomes clear that I won't be working with them. I mean at this point I could walk through the city and tell everyone how fucked up I am it feels like... but I have to go through this now. I just wish I had some recommendations so I go into the whole thing with a better outlook on things. This way it's just really hard for me to do anything. Trust me I've dealt with people that are 10 times worse than you would think. i think id be fine but i wont force a friendship😂 i hope everything works out for the better. You deserve for it to. It’s just long, but all my posts are long too xD  Why should you be able to do it without help, though? Because other people can? Other people don’t have ADHD. Their brains are fundamentally different from yours. You don’t have to live up to their expectations. I think really bad about myself haha. Thank you. I think I'll come back to you. I see! No worries, I know the feel. Thanks for telling me! I don't know. I mean it shouldn't be so hard to figure out how to look for a therapist or get access to medication? Yet I get overwhelmed by the tiniest bit of information. I just feel like I'm being a burden on everyone.

I've tried looking. But I feel like every source I find tells me something else... and then it's different from country to country, so it's preferable to look for information about how it is in my country, which limits the information that I should consider useful and so on... and then I have to understand the information that I find. I just can't. Please do💖💖 