Trouble with comprehending text into context, but can read perfectly well. I am perfectly able to read for however long I please, however, it's really hard for me to process the text into context, or just generally understand what it is that I'm reading. The harder I try to understand the text, the more it transforms into random words without meaning. It feels as though I'm hyper-focused on the words as opposed to the context of the sentence.

Does anyone have any advice that would help overcome this issue?
I have medication (Elvanse) that works really well in terms of my mood and impulsiveness, but I still can't read for shi**. Watching films is fine... I have this issue too! Part of why hw took me forever.  Try reading out loud. It's a shitty solution, but reading and listening have different pathways and comprehension can be different between the two. You can listen to people just fine and understand them right? Try listening to yourself. 

Then try to connect the two together, it might help your silent reading to associate the two. Try to be more curious and goal-oriented when reading something. I cannot read something to the end and understand it if I don't have a clear reason for reading it first. 

Also, I did a random exercise where I'd ask what each sentence means and then what each paragraph means after having dealt with each of its sentences. Then each page. Then each chapter. 

At the start you kinda have a rough idea of what something's about; using this method, keep updating your understanding as you go along and try to iron-out any wrinkles in your understanding of what the current unit (sentence/paragraph/page/chapter) is saying and how it either supports or doesn't support the ideas that come before and follow it.

It might also be helpful to try reading some smaller texts in reverse or by starting from the middle (or some other arbitrary point) and going either backwards or forwards. You can even do this with random conversations you had texting. Just start somewhere and try to figure out whats going on and why this conversation happened, future conversations it laid the groundwork for, etc. 

Remember that you're just practicing and that you won't look dumb to anyone else except maybe youself at the start. I find that reading strategies help but It takes time to form a habit and may not be generalizable for every genre of text. I personally read out loud to help focus so im pronouncing the words or listen to text to speech. i also use sq4r for academics and work and find it helps as well. i still get restless at times and feel like moving my legs and fidgetting For me it's always been an issue of working memory. So many words have multiple meanings for me so it takes a lot longer to respond appropriately because my brain doesn't compartmentalize and filter out irrelevant meanings. Absolutely. This is why I struggled so hard trying to learn programming. I understood syntax perfectly well, but I couldn't solve problems to save my life.  Thanks, but unfortunately, it's the same with people talking. It might be associated with interest, but I'm not sure. I think as films are visual (and on screen), it's easy for me to have complete focus on the screen (a bit hyperfocused). 

However, reading in a different voice as though I'm being spoken to helps a bit with processing the text. Thanks 