Self Directed B-Mod Program - Does Such A Thing Exist? I'm learning about B-Mod. I'm seeing the potential benefits of it in my life, and wondering if this is something that can be done directly as a self directed program? If so, what resources are available to learn more? Postgrad behavior analysis student checking in.

Yes, it can work very well - most of my success managing my symptoms has been by essentially "ABAing" myself after reaching a baseline with medication. You need to plan, thoroughly understand and be careful about your interventions, though. It's very easy to provide reinforcement for the wrong things inadvertently and muck up your progress.

There are some papers I can link you to when I have a moment where you can examine behavioural techniques that work well for people like us, but they are not practical guides, just examples of principles in action.

Much of the process is also detailed examination of your own bx, at which point you can determine specific interventions. Some tools that are helpful for this are multi-tally counter software where you can name each counter, and whatever graphing system that is handy for you to use. I can't crash-course you over reddit, but I can recommend texts that will equip you. Thank you! Please leave any recommendations you have when you have time. Sure. For texts: *Learning and Behaviour* by Paul Chance will provide you with the relevant theoretical background information. Any recent edition will be okay, you can find it used fairly cheaply. If you eat that up, then you'll want Cooper/Heron/Heward's *Applied Behaviour Analysis*, considered the standard text. It is heavy and dense in all aspects, but it is excellent as a text and a reference. Depending on your learning history with textbooks, you may prefer the former if you value accessibility or the latter if you value brevity and completeness.

If you message me directly, I will link you specific articles that you can look through as applied examples. I don't have the links with me on mobile. 