GIVE US TLDRS PEOPLE So many posts, so many words and no TLDRs. It's ironic considering the sub. Give us a way to read your posts!!! A good amount of posts have them, but there are quite a few that don't and maybe it's time it becomes subreddit law...

TLDR (thought it'd be ironic if I didn't include one, although I haven't written much): ADHD LITERALLY DEMANDS THAT OUR POSTS HAVE TLDRS PEOPLE Should be some automatic feature of this sub to force one, because we probably will all just forget otherwise. Adhd people tend to be a wordy bunch, guilty as charged

Tldr: AHHH! When you take your medication long posts are all you can write!  I get where people are coming from but I dont agree on it being a rule on here. I DO personally try to remember to go back after going on a typing bender to edit it down, add break and paragraphs. Sometimes ill add a TLDR if it makes sense. 

BUT just cause im verbose and thorough in my writing doesnt mean I need to cut it down for people who dont want to read it. Just dont. I didnt write my posts or my responses demanding people to read them. If you want to, cool. If my answer is too much, ok move along. 

You cant support one part of being adhd and shame the other part. We are a rambling, verbose, hyperfocusing people who cant stand reading more than a few lines of text on our worst days. Just accept it for what it is and dont get mad at people for not catering all the time. Sometimes I write and dont think about tldr. Oh well. Wasnt to be rude..sometimes TLDRS dont apply. 

TLDR: Theres thousands of posts on here daily. If it bothers you to read it, dont. Im sure someone else wrote a similar post with one. :) That’s why I always put my tldr at the top of my posts in this sub! Lol what if u write a long ass para then forget what u even wrote about Isn't there a tldr bot on Reddit? Can we make a way to summon it for every post? In my experience, a tl;dr: simplifies my stories/questions so much that the reactions they get are really off point. I rather have reactions from people that read everything than someone giving a very obvious answer that I already adressed in the post.


But I also hyperfocus on texts so it might be easy talking for me.


Tl;dr: no please If something is longer than two paragraphs I look for a tldr at the bottom and if it doesn’t have it, I don’t read it. And separate things into paragraphs!!! TL:DR some guy gets mad about no tldr and then go fights a dragon to find the lost tldrs  >< i’m naturally verbose and meandering. getting to the point is not my strong point (ty executive dysfunction??) but i try to include tl;drs in my posts!!

 I like to try and force myself to read long posts: yes, I may drift off; yes, I may zone out, but if I can encourage myself to finish and process, I feel better for it.  Good point... I'm new to the subreddit and don't have an official diagnosis but I can already see the benefit in the suggestion ☺  I've got into a rough habit of writing things out in full, summarising, then shifting the summary (the tl;dr) up to the top of the <whatever it was I was doing>.

I'm usually better at doing it in work emails, by prefacing a complete rambling (but useful, for my own record if nothing else!) discourse with an executive summary right up front.

But I wouldn't *know* the tl;dr until I'd written it all.

But yeah, it's a good thing.

tl;dr - good in actual life too! Isn't this already under rule #2?

> Short paragraphs, bold text, and bullet points are good. Aim for 1-2 sentence tl;drs.

Or are you suggesting the rule actually be enforced? Yep. I ramble and ramble. 

Honestly all posts should start with a TLDR then if you’re interested read the whole thing.  ook ok I hear you!

tldr: ok I mean I also just wish people would use any paragraph breaks at all sometimes. Not a dig specifically on this sub, I see it eeeeeeeverywhere. Wait, so you’re telling me there’s posts without without TL;DR’s? Thinking about having to read the whole post makes me anxious, I’m not joking.  ADHD also makes people have a hard time with knowing what details are unnecessary and with staying on topic.   


What's ironic is that the ADHD output is hard for ADHD people to understand. Annoys the fuck outta me, always those fucking wall of texts in this sub TL;DR: We should automate TL;DRs "Did you add a TL;DR?"

…

"Did you really want to add it but then promptly forgot about it?"

…

"U SURE?" We don't have time to make it short, so we make it long. Wordy, rambling, but unable to read long paragraphs  When I DONT take my meds long posts are all I can write because I waffle and babble and have about a billion trains of thought and it results in a 3k word rant lmfao Basically like fat shaming. A better rule would be if you think it needs a TLDR make one for that person. Be the hero we need. Not to mention ADHD affects us all differently and a reddit-length post isn't an issue for *all* of us. TLDRs aren't a bad idea though.  Thank you so much for that! I never understood why people typically put it at the end.  THIS We have too much to say to listen to all that. Heh. Sameeee. On my meds it’s usually more concise and coherent. And in listy format  This Hahaha but that requires the hero to be in the right headspace to read your massive post and be able to tldr it. Maybe we need a 'neurotypical' hero to swoop in and TLDR for us instead. well then - delete. Automatic summarizers are like robot heroes. Here's your original comment in 6 sentences; all I did was rearrange them:  
  
>I get where people are coming from but I dont agree on it being a rule on here. Sometimes ill add a TLDR if it makes sense. Sometimes I write and dont think about tldr.  
>
>BUT just cause im verbose and thorough in my writing doesnt mean I need to cut it down for people who dont want to read it. Just dont.  
>
>We are a rambling, verbose, hyperfocusing people who cant stand reading more than a few lines of text on our worst days.  
  
**tl;dr - Automatic summarizers exist, they're your magic robot pals, use them.** Don’t the proper meds make us neurotypical? I am new here, my proper dose has not yet been established. 