Tips for keeping my reading habits up after quitting adderall? I took adderall for about 8 years. Was on 30mg XR until the beginning of this month. I weaned myself off of it very slowly for over a month, and my energy levels, blood pressure, and appetite are doing ok, but my focus isn't. I'm planning on trying out non-stimulants once I can talk to a psychiatrist next month, but I need advice in the interim.

When I try to read, especially a pdf on my laptop, it feels like my vision can't focus on the words (not that they're out of focus, it just feels like I'm not looking at anything in particular, and like I'm scattered), and my head will feel weird. Sometimes (like right now), when I'm not doing anything, I get this sensation that part of my head just... doesn't exist. I had stopped feeling it for two weeks after I finally stopped adderall, but it's been acting up the past two days. I'm not really sure what to do here; would be interested to see if anyone else has a similar issue, especially when trying to read academic texts like math, physics, and philosophy. [removed] Curious why you are quitting Adderall?  Get some blood pumping to the brain. Some pressups or star jumps can help kick start blood flow to the prefrontal cortex, or so I've heard. Seems to work, when I can be bothered. Maybe worth a try.  Print that shit up. It’s the only way I can read academic papers. I have a reading corner with a reading chair, that helps a bit as well. 

I have also found that using the app Lumosity right before I read seems to help me a little bit with focus. I don’t do it as much anymore, honestly because I forgot. But I’m gonna try starting it up again. read it out loud. or let yourself skim if you know how to find the main arguments. usually you don't have to read it \*all\*. Audiobooks changed my life Making the content more engaging can help, with or without meds really. Exactly how you do it is up to you. If you are visually inclined, then coming up with pictures can help. I've recently found my retention to improve if I try to analyse the content less, instead waiting until I've reached further. I think this has to do with that my analytical interests distracts me from taking in the "raw data": In essence, I try to see the text in my minds eye before I start reasoning about it, making connections and asking questions et c.  I do all of that. I really think what's going on is just that I've been taking this for 8 years, and was at the max dose for almost a year, and now my brain and body is feeling funky despite me having tapered off for quite awhile and doing what I could to counteract any crash. A lot of reasons. It kills my appetite and makes me feel sick if i try to force myself to eat when it's at its worst. It raises your body temperature, which led to me sweating a whole bunch even in a cool room or outdoor setting. Your blood pressure and heart rate are raised, which isn't healthy, and it would get annoying just laying down, doing nothing, feeling my heart racing. It made it harder to go to sleep, too. I just didn't want to keep doing that my whole life, and since I just graduated from uni and have at least a year before I (hopefully) go to grad school, I wanted to get off it and try something that wasn't a stimulant. Definitely trying to exercise more. Been walking my dog for at least 30 minutes every day or to, half the time we're walking for over an hour. I wish I had a bike, though. I would if these weren't full lecture series and books. I'd be better off buying them, but even then they're crazy expensive sometimes. this isn't for school; it's just for me. I already graduated college. And usually if you want comprehensive understanding of something, and not just for homework or a test, you do want to read it all ;) Even short bursts of exercise. Like 15 pressups or however many you can do, 10 star jumps in your room while you are doing a task to get back on track. A long walk is great but not if you're trying to accomplish something and need a quick fix. Walking as part of your routine is a good idea though!  