Overthinking text messages to people you haven't spoken to in a while How do you manage reaching out to someone you haven't spoken to in a while? Like a person you were (and probably are) friends with, but you haven't spoken to them in months and now you want to ask them something but you don't want to seem like that's all you care about.

What do you say? "Hey, it's been a while. I wasn't ghosting you, I just got distracted...for 5 months... So how are you?"

I'm aware that I'm overthinking this, I just feel self-conscious because I have to ask this person for a favor. I usually only contact old acquaintances if I need some question answered on their specific hobbies/interests. I’m an awful person. Doesn’t mean I wouldn’t like to see them more often, I just forget about it until I remember they are really knowledgable about xyz!  I ask my wife to proofread it. But honestly, I think you should just be up front about it. If you aren't you'll look manipulative. And you wouldn't feel offended if the roles were reversed would you? Plus they could have messaged you at any point in the last five months, so you're both equally guilty.

But if you won't do that then I would recommend lying and saying you'd lost their number but just got it from the most plausible person that is closest to you (like your mom if it's your aunt you're messaging). They're not going to look into anyway though. Yes, I myself find it very difficult to think of good messages to send people who I haven't spoken to in months, because they've ghosted me. I don't consider myself an awful person, but I do that too. If I don't interact with people regularly, I forget about them until I need something or something reminds me of them. Hmm, that's true Same. I think that's just part of the disorder. I sometimes accidentally go weeks without talking to my mom and she lives within walking distance. Luckily she does the same thing. I do the same thing 😂. I'll even be like "I just spoke with you yesterday" and she'll be like "That was 3 weeks ago" 