[Long text] Undiagnosed and now torn between finding a Psychiatrist or trying to use the "mind over matter" trick Hey, 

This is my first post (and on a throwaway) - apologies if I am breaking any rules. I am sorry if this is long too, I just need to vent.

I am a 23-year-old from Australia and have not been diagnosed with ADHD, but I feel like after reading through the symptoms of the inattentive type, I fit this category. 

I saw a general Psychologist (doesn't specialise in ADHD) a few days ago with the intentions of talking about overcoming a family breakdown. In the 30 minutes that I was there, she forced me to talk about my concerns of having ADHD (the referral from my GP that I had to give her stated 1) anxiety/depression, 2) concerned she's showing ADHD symptoms). 

I had a list of symptoms to show the professional I would be speaking to about my concerns, but she read them, laughed (yep!) at the list and said things along the lines of:

* The kicker: "*You have witnessed something traumatic in your childhood leading to all these symptoms*" I did witness my biological mother burning to death in front of me when I was close to 3 years old, but I do NOT remember this AT all. No flashbacks, no nightmares, none of her screaming or her body being engulfed in fire - NONE of that. I have since gone on to have a happy childhood and the only parents that I consider are my adoptive parents.
* A lot of people can't concentrate in work meetings because it's boring and you can't focus on conversations because the topic might be boring,
* She said: "*You don't have ADHD, you have depression and anxiety. If you had ADHD, you wouldn't be able to hold a job at all and maintain focus while conversing with me*" - Point to note: She knew nothing about my life at this stage (other than above) and the things I have gone through. She reckons I have had depression my ENTIRE life since the traumatic event. 
* "*Since you are convinced you have ADHD and want medicine-*" I cut her off here and told her that if I wanted medicine I could take the anti-depressants (that didn't work) or the oxycodone (after surgery earlier this year) sitting in my drawers at home. 

She wasn't a very nice Psychologist (she walked out 5 minutes before our appointment and made me wait 15 minutes then blamed me for not picking her phone calls which were on no caller ID/didn't leave a voicemail, she was constantly laughing and grunting, body posture was super bad etc. to name a few).

I now feel like maybe I don't have ADHD and I am just plain stupid and lazy. The symptoms that led me to believe I may have ADHD has stemmed since childhood (report cards, teachers, education, hyper-focusing on interesting subjects, to name a few) - it hasn't miraculously popped up in the last 6 months. 

I am now torn to find a new Psychologist specialising in ADHD/a Psychiatrist or just say "stuff it, maybe I am dumb and lazy and work even harder". 

Should I just work harder, drink more coffee (3 cups per day currently) and see how I progress? Or just find a Psychiatrist? I am torn. 

Thank you and apologies for this long wall of text. Have a great day/night. You can't fix a neurological disorder with 'mind over matter'. You can improve it, but you won't cure it. 

You don't have to be medicated. You can have therapy. But go and see a psychiatrist, and they can advise you.  I'm also a young Australian and I can relate to your experience.

I think that you should see a psychiatrist. I'll outline why in a little while (kitchen will burn down if I don't attend to it).  I know this might upset some folks on here but, if youre in Australia and have adhd and weren't diagnosed as a child youre shit out of luck adult adhd is basically not diagnosed unless youre prepared to dish out $3000+ and get flights to specialist doctors etc, Just thought i would share this  She sounds absolutely terrible. Do not let her doubt yourself. Even your GP recognized your symptoms (GPs tend to be very obtuse/wary of ADHD, so IMO that's really something). Definitely get a new therapist and a psychiatrist if you can. ADHD is a neurodevelopmental disorder that is best treated with medication to correct your brain chemistry. Mind over matter is not enough. Thank you! Thank you, I look forward to your reply :) May I also ask which state you are in? I am in NSW and from my research, there are barely any Psychologists that specialise in ADHD and the Psychiatrists have a ton of negative review and/or don't bulk bull/charge an excessive amount for a small consultation.  I'm in WA. Fortunately the kitchen didn't burn down haha.

>  "feel like after reading through the symptoms of the inattentive type, I fit this category"

Some of these symptoms can be not related to ADHD, but to something like anxiety/depression. Or even something physical, like a thyroid problem. The point is, if you're having problems, tell that to a medical specialist who has skill/experience in the relevant area.
They'll probably be able to figure out what it is, and then help you from there.


Unfortunately, in my experience at least, general adult psychologists are ill-equipped to deal with ADHD. A psychologist I saw last year was quite rude when I said that I think I may have ADHD. She echoed this sentiment that *'Oh, you can't have ADHD - you're not jumping all over the place!'*. Ridiculous. A few months later I went to a full psychiatric and neuropsychological evaluation and was confirmed as **classic, textbook ADHD**. It was comprehensive, taking hours and hours - it even included interviews with my mother and my girlfriend, as well as the perusal of a decades' worth of school reports. If I'm going to be honest, it was probably overkill. Most evaluations, I think, aren't this intense. 

> "I now feel like maybe I don't have ADHD and I am just plain stupid and lazy."

This bugged me too. I knew something wasn't quite right, though, and I went with my intuition. I'd suggest you do the same - go seek an evaluation. You might not have (diagnosable) ADHD - your symptoms could be of a physical cause, or might actually be "just" depression/anxiety etc. etc.
But to figure out what it is or isn't will help you, a lot.

There might be a NSW body for ADHD/Learning disorders. You could call them and ask for a good psychiatrist who can make a thorough evaluation. 

Otherwise, go to your GP and ask for a referral to a psychiatrist who specialises in ADHD. They'll probably resist a little bit, because obviously the prescribed medication has the potential to be abused. GPs probably don't get a lot of training in re ADHD, I'd imagine they brush over it briefly in their training, so they're quite skeptical or ignorant of it. My GP had a little book on her table that has, categorised by speciality, many different medical experts. I took a photo of that page and called all of their offices, asking when I could get a booking. It took 3 or 4 calls before one said they had space within the next 3 months (!!). So I went back to the GP, and told her that I wanted to be referred to Dr. ___. She obliged, sent through the referral.

The evaluation was, honestly, mostly quite boring. But it did provide closure, peace of mind. It's helped my parents and my girlfriend to understand why I do and think the things that I do. I'm trialling vyvanse right now, and it's going okay (very mild positive effects that are hard to notice, but absolutely no negative side-effects). I'm starting to try environmental modifications (which are easier on medication, trust me). Basically to change the external environment to suit my internal environment, rather than vice versa. I've spent so many years wondering why I'm not achieving even close to "my potential" - turns out, I just have a different brain. 

The psychiatrist had 50% negative 50% positive reviews. When I saw him for the first time, I wondered why - he clearly was well-mannered and a specialist in the field. There are literally no bad signs that he gave off to me or my mother or girlfriend. It looks like he had one or two disgruntled former patients who were trying to ruin his reputation, to be honest.

The evaluation was also way too expensive. I only got 200 dollarydoos from medicare which blows. It was worth it though. Absolutely worth it 100%.

Go see a psychiatrist. Get it sorted. You might have ADHD, you might not. You might have a mood or anxiety disorder, or you might not, or you might have it alongside ADHD (all too common I'm afraid, roughly 40% have either I believe). 

But just go see one. It's worth the money. Trust me, I thought long and hard about this. I put it off as long as possible haha. Just go and do it, commit. 
I'm so sorry for the long-winded, rambling post. I am bloody tired. 

I'll say it again - really do seek an evaluation. 

**If you do have ADHD, it is the single most important thing you could probably do to improve your life right now**. 
 