Text-to-speech! For those who have big problems with focusing on reading:

This used to be a HUGE problem for me. Lots of page staring, screen staring, rereading the same paragraph / sentence over and over. If it wasn't mind-blowingly riveting / action packed, it was exceedingly difficult.

I'm a grad student now, and a couple years ago, I discovered text-to-speech (T2S). I still struggle, but T2S has really made reading less impossible.

1) T2S isn't for everyone. If you are like me and you get really stuck and unfocused during reading, it might help. If you have to "think" the words or say the words out loud to focus better, it might help.

2) T2S reads the text out loud while you follow along. Some programs highlight the text as it reads, some don't (highlighting takes some getting used to, but it helps me).

3) I think it helps me so much because my 2 main senses (vision and hearing) are occupied. Its better with headphones. It is not the same as an audio book. With audio books, my visual sense isn't occupied. I think I need to have both occupied for this to really help.

4)The tech has improved. It sounds less robotic than it used to. There are different programs and different "voices" within each program. You have to find your favorite, and you will probably hate some of them.

5) If you are already a fast reader and skimmer, you might hate it.

6) Programs I have tried: 
NaturalReader (free; OK but not great. Maybe my favorite free one, and maybe a good way to test it out);
IVONA (mini player is free, they discountinued the full version, but they still sell the "voices" through another company- they cost money, but these are the best "voices" for a lot of people). I've tried some other free ones and I didn't like them much. 
My university has Read&Write Gold. It is expensive, but if you belong to a university or disability services, etc. you might be able to get it for free. It has a lot of features I don't need, but it is the best I have found for reading PDFs. I now read basically any work / school related stuff as PDFs so I can use Read&Write.
On my phone I've used @Voice and the built in TalkBack (takes some figuring out how to use); I use my IVONA voices with those programs. PDFs need to be in "tagged" format to work with T2S (most are). You can also start using the built in read-back features of Adobe or M.S. Word.  Omg, this! Last physics finals I asked my friend to read the overview of the content and send them recorded. Now I no longer have to make weird requests lol ;) 