Hi! I’m going to ignore your text for a year. So, I’ve lived my life.  I’ve met people.  Some who liked me enough to him me up from time to time.  But I have a habit that cannot be dismissed.  I ignore people for weeks, months, even years on end.  Why!?!  Who knows, I sure don’t.  All I know is - that deeply personal acquaintance of mine can buzz off until I very well feel like it.

Has this caused me pain!?  ABSOLUTELY.  But what hasn’t?   It seems that simply living life is painful.

Ugh. 


Thanks for listening to me vent.



 I wouldnt ignore a text BUT there are so many people I've been meaning to contact but just havent. Too many of my friendships have just drifted away. For me it's the forgetfulness combined with rejection sensitive dysphoria. I lose track of a person for too long, and then when I realize it, the guilt eats away at me and I become immediately convinced that they hate me... It's an awful cycle.

Yesterday a friend I haven't spoken to in nearly a year messaged me and I pushed through it and messaged back! MAN that's some relatable content. For me it's not that long but because I can't keep up with more than 1-3 close friends, things are a bit more manageable, not to mention 2/3 are similar to me in which we both kind of disappear and ghost without any negative personal intentions against each other. HOWEVER. My one friend talks a mile a minute DAILY and is also the type that I can't get away with leaving on read for more than half a day or else they get upset or anxious over it. But I'll see their text and no matter how simple of a msg it is that I can just answer in the moment I always say "I'll answer that in a few hours" to myself. As for just acquaintances? Man forget it.... the "I'll get to that in a few hours" turns into "I'll get to that tomorrow" until I keep saying "I'll get to that tomorrow" then a month has passed and I've completely forgotten about it. I’ve been meaning to text my one friend back for about 2 months now, so you’re not alone.  Argh I definitely do this. It's not all about forgetfulness either. I think I have had so many difficult experiences of being a disappointing friend I'm averse to making friends now. When someone starts showing interest in friendship I immediately start feeling tense imagining all of the future expectations and commitments I'll disappoint with because I'm not nearly as good at keeping my basic life together as I might seem. I really need to work on that. I'll do it later.. Wait until it's your mother.  And months go by because you didn't know how to immediately reply to that off the wall email that she sent.  Then you keep forgetting to call until it's exactly dinner time for them, midnight, or 5AM.  Then you have deeply personal things happening with you or very close friends that wouldn't want you to share that with your mom.  Then works sucks, but you don't want to reach out with only negative things to say.

Then it's four months later, and you snap back that you haven't been ignoring her but that you've been busy.  Wrong Answer.  Ouch. 🙋‍♂️ I do this all the time.. I’m soo bad at messaging that on WhatsApp my status says “Horrible at messaging if you need me call”. So now my handful of family and friends call me. Instead of messaging and being upset I didn’t respond.  Whoa there buddy you're hitting pretty close with those shots.

I'm the same. I've tried to talk about it on reddit and got shot to pieces by angry neurotypicals saying it's disgusting and immoral behaviour and we should think about how they feel for once. I have only so much mental energy. If I'm navigating rough seas (like at work), I may appear "together," but it is requiring so much effort, I just DO. NOT. HAVE. mental energy to deal with non-urgent stuff like being pleasant or chit-chatty. I am def. "high irritability" sub-type, so friendly messages can sometimes read like "extraneous noise" and the contact is going to have to rise to a sharper level to prompt me to respond (I hate phone calls, so def. that would piss me off MORE if it wasn't an emergency). Slowing the pace of input is definitely a way to try to manage & control a sense of "too much." i’ve got at least 5 unread messages from months ago on all of my social media platforms. it just gets to a point where it feels almost ruder to reply after all that time than to just leave it and hope they forget I have a really bad habit of doing something like this with emails. I start an email, get distracted, and then all of a sudden it's too late and I just save the draft and go to bed. Rinse and repeat. The last email I sent took me 11 days to write, and the person who I sent it to hasn't replied, probably because it was really rude of me to take that long.

The funny thing is this was my attempt at reconnecting with a friend I stopped talking to a couple years ago. Whoops.

I'll randomly email him again in another 2 years, I guess. haha mee to bihh Man, I'm just out of high school, and I feel like 2/3 of my friends are just drifting away, because I can't ever keep up with anyone. I feel your pain! I try to explain to any of my new friends that I can go silent for weeks or months at a time and it has nothing to do with them. It’s just how I am and I am not intentionally being rude. The people who got offended by this aspect of me I don’t need to be in my life anyway. That’s just expecting too much of me emotionally or mentally. The plus that offer everyone is that I expect the same treatment towards myself. So, if I text you and you don’t get back to me, I don’t really care and don’t get upset.  I do this! It's usually only if I'm not 100% sure HOW to respond and then I don't respond and then I agonize more over whether they're angry I haven't responded yet so I feel more unsure of how to respond. It goes on and on like that. Also, sometime texting takes me a long time because I write a novel, then delete, then rewrite. I hate that it probably upsets friends and family who might feel hurt or annoyed when I don't communicate properly. It isn't their fault. I try to remind myself that I don't have to say the perfect thing. If I just write a sentence then that's better than nothing and to just take a moment and put something.  Whenever I give someone my number I warn them before hand that I suck at texting, because even when I make an effort to be better at it I can’t stop procrastinating replying and the the messages just sit there. I feel this 100%.  I rarely if ever call my parents or my sister - they live so close and I hardly ever visit.   I miss them a lot at times!  I too feel crazy, like why am I like this?  I feel like the worst friend and relative like I guess they just think I'm not a thoughtful person.  
You're not alone.  :-P I see you all talk about this and I'd say I have quite severe ADHD but I don't experience this at all. I always respond *TOO* quickly that it freaks people out. Maybe I just don't have any friends and am excited whenever people talk to me lol. "Hi, I'm a bit busy right now, I'll write back in a few days."

It's an example. Communicating what's up helps. Both sides. You have less pressure of "having to answer", and the other person knows your answer will take some time.

Works like a charm for me. If I can see that I don't have the energy for a conversation with person x I just communicate that right away. No need to force myself into a conversation if it isn't urgent. I usually find time and energy for it the next day because then it's "planned", a part of my day, a thing I can calculate and make time for. Good lord, this is me. I have lost friendships due to this and I could never explain it until I knew I had ADHD. It racks me with guilt, but at least I know it's a legit symptom and not just me being a shitty human being. I'm trying to get into a routine where after I get up and take my medicine, I sit down and reply to any messages or comments on social media I have. I found it makes me more likely to respond later in the day too. I think the reply in my head, then never type it.

I’d have so many more friends if people could read minds!    why is this me. I literally can’t do friendships. They’re too hard to build when I can’t even fix myself. Yuuppp. :-/ Yeah. Wow. I think about how neuro-typicals feel, like, every day. "Um, I know you have this debilitating brain disorder but have you considered *MY FEELINGS*?!" Honestly I've found its easier to just type whatever comes to mind and hit send. Don't think about it, just do it. Seems daunting at first but it works because it shows interest if you reply quick and the actual words aren't so important. 