How do I relationship? I don't know if anyone remembers the show "Dharma and Greg", but there's an episode where Dharma starts noticing patterns in Greg's behavior, like every third Thursday he buys her flowers, or the morning after a sports game he cooks her breakfast. She's wanted a spontaneous relationship, and he can't do spontaneous so he's created a schedule that creates the illusion of spontaneous.

My girlfriend wants me to plan dates and gifts for her, and I think I need to do like Greg did. I've started taking notes on things she's said that she wanted, but she also wants me to come up with new things.

Has anyone done anything like this? I'm trying to find pre-existing ideas and frameworks that I can build off of, but whenever I search for how to be romantic or how to do relationships, I find advice on pickup, which is not what I want. I'm eight years into a relationship. I just want to know how to maintain it. I do remember that episode!  So amazing you conjured that up.  He (greg) instigated sex based on migrating bird flight patterns, if I remember that right.

Hope you are sitting down for this :-)
Couples therapy even before you get married is the way to go. If you have a hang up about therapy, then get over it. Pro athletes have coaches.  You guys can do the same.  

My wife and I re-up every few years.  Started at about one year after our first date, for maybe about 20 sessions.  It’s logical to get a coach, it’s covered by insurance, and it set us up with a rad foundation to build on.  
 I struggle with this too I think it's best to set an alarm in your calendar every 3 weeks maybe to take her out to dinner or something fancy. Use your amazing creativity that comes with ADHD to surprise her and keep it fresh hope this helps!  The best gifts and surprises are things she really wants. She cannot expect you to be able to look inside her head. Let her tell you what kind of things she likes and doesn’t like. 

I sometimes feel my husband should know what I want. But truth is he doesn’t. That’s not his fault for not knowing. It’s my fault for having unrealistic expectations. Hahahaha oh god I’ve been asking myself that question lately too. I have zero advice but gosh I hope you figure it out. We need a handbook for this stuff..  A former boss said he did this, but not on a set schedule.  He'd put it on his calendar on future random days ... buy his wife flowers, take her out for a date, etc.

I've been married 10 years. I wish my husband did things like that once in awhile, but he's pretty great regardless. Hahaha this is totally fine. I’m a girl and a do this for friends all the time. “Remind me in x months to get so and so a gift.” Or if They’ve said something that I might want to remember for a gift, I’ll put it in my cal or notes app so I can go back to it in the future.

For guys I’m dating, I have a little cheat sheet i try to review before I see them cuz I tend to get so overly excited, I nerd vomit all over them, scared a few too many away, and then am upset that I didn’t follow up with a previous conversation. So it’s a mixture of general tips “don’t interrupt so much. Ask about him. Let him get some words in.” And specific to the person.

Or I will set reminders to message someone at a later time. I am often tempted to just text a million things. Not great. So I’ll set a reminder to text that thing a few days later. If it’s important, I will, if not, then I didn’t send a million stupid texts and send a new beau running.

I honestly would have never considered it odd until this question. I know why I’m doing it; it’s an adhd coping strategy. 

Do what you need to do.
 Idk relationships. But i do know good presents/dates/experiences. 

So i usually do themes. And this works for a few reasons. It means i can go random in ideas, it means i can buy and gift and do as ideas occur but there is an overall theme to guide the month or two. Not the huge pressure on one date!! 

And my partner has fun trying to guess the theme! It also means reminders to myself for the theme but basically its a win if i leave any clues - that includes notes on the bathroom mirror etc. 

An rl example is a goddess theme. So i buy a greek crown thingy, a nike (goddess) statute, goddess oils, thor movie date (it was last year) and a spa date (for both of us) called goddess something.. 

Ive done gold prospecting theme, retro disco, dreams, hiking etc. Always including a shared experience. 

Altho i can't remember what rationale i used for the rage room date!! 

Have fun!  