Text-to-speech computer programs? Is there any kind of program I can use on a computer with a pdf file to read a selected section out loud for me? It's so much easier for me to process information through sound sometimes. I am the same way, and have recently looked into this. Text to speech is not very good. I couldn't understand the robot voice well enough to understand the material. I found it annoying. But recognizing I'm not a very good reader because of ADHD has justified for me putting money into audiobooks (Audible subscription to be exact), which has been very good. I especially like that I can do other mindless tasks, like household chores, while I listen. This helps where reading takes up all of your attention and effort. Is it for studying & work? I'm at uni & have a lot of research papers to read which gets hard. I have used NaturalReader in the past, as it's free. There is also a "reader mode" in Firefox that is pretty good actually (I assume chrome and safari have similar, & there's always browser extensions). The robot voice thing can be difficult but if you're reading along with it, it's enough to help me understand better. Sometimes your computer will have accessibility modes too with screen readers. 
This list may be of some help
https://alternativeto.net/software/naturalreader/

I have the issue that I can't understand just sound or just text, so to read I have to follow along while listening to a screenreader. I also use subtitles or transcripts if they're available a lot with long videos I have trouble focusing on.  If you have an iPhone Siri can read out loud  (selected or whole) text to you. You can set it up in the accessibility settings of iOS. 

It's still a computer voice, but it ain't half bad.  Foxit PDF reader has built\-in TTS, and I also use NaturalReader which someone else linked. I use the British voice packs because they somehow sound less robotic to me. Hey, a bit late here but I’m at uni in UK, with the disability assessment they recommended ClaroRead Pro. (Paid through disability funding) it’s £199 and I think it’s really good as it’s like a toolbar that works offline, highlights the text as it goes along, can read pdf/word/webpages and also it can read scanned paper sheets.
Can also save the audio and listen to your textbooks as an audio book, and you can put the program on a usb and use it on other computers which is pretty cool. I like the feature too where it puts a colour overlay (to help with dyslexia).

Someone above mentioned naturalreader which I used for ages (the free web version). I just copied from the pdf and pasted it in, but I had some trouble with the pauses it sometimes took after reading each section. I think it’s great to use but if you can access a dedicated program then it obviously has more features. Ok, thank you! I hadn't thought of the whole robot voice thing. It's hard for me to understand people who don't use emphasis well in the first place so a generated voice probably wouldn't work well. Thank you so much!!!! Thank you!!!! 