I just feel like I’m bugging people. I hate the social anxiety of adhd I recently broke up with my girlfriend and I’ve been trying to talk to people. But I just feel like I message them too much and that I’m bugging them. I keep checking to see if they’ve left me on read or not. I time my messages so I don’t message them too much. Can anyone else relate? Being hyper-sensitive to rejection is part of being ADHD I'm afraid. It's called RSD - Rejection Sensitive Dysphoria and it sucks. Because rejection is so much more painful to us, we're afraid of it and so often see it when it's not there. We message someone and then worry if that message is going to in some way cause us to experience rejection.

It doesn't make sense rationally of course, but the emotions aren't really rational. Wait wait wait. all this is part of ADHD??? Oh my god... I don’t know to feel relieved or want to throw up, because of how often and how damaged I’ve felt due to this  I can relate very much. I always feel that everyone dislikes me, so I stay silent and keep to myself to "minimize the damage". Paradoxically I also believe that due to this behavior they actually do like me less...

I'm trying to tell myself that it doesn't matter what they think, and I should just go on being myself. It would probably be a very good idea to talk to myself in the mirror every day, telling myself how awesome I am. But then I'd have to keep doing that after the first couple of days, and I have an ugly tendency to just forget about these things. I can relate 100% I'm texting a girl right now, no idea if I'm bugging her, no idea if this mesaage is going to bother you, but I'm writing it anyway. I'm doing what makes me happy. If she responds I'm doing something right, if not I'll cool the jets.  I came to Reddit to distract myself from anxiety about a girl not responding to a message I sent. I know she is probably just busy and that everything is fine but I still get that "oh damn I blew it" feeling and then I start to feel bad because of how much I let this stuff bother me. 

Then I find this post and I remember there are tons of other people just like me. Finding this subreddit has done a lot for my mental health. Thanks guys.  If it's a person I know, I try to keep previous interactions in mind. If they enjoyed communicating with me in the past, they likely enjoy communication with me in the present.

People have lives, and they get busy sometimes. I always find it helpful when I remind myself of this. When I'm in doubt, I text them less, to let them start the conversation.

I can definitely relate to what you said in your post. I totally get this. 

I never understood people who are like “I hate when people break texts into multiple texts.” Like what? Who cares? If you can send me one text, you can send me 7 in 30 seconds. What difference does it make to me? 

I usually just try to keep in mind, sometimes I forget to reply...and that has to be the situation every time someone doesn’t get back to me. :) It makes me really appreciate people who have read receipts enabled.

I’m certain I’m annoying to a lot of people, but plenty of other people find it endearing, or just accept it as part of the package. Several of my friends call my strings of texts “Little Journeys”. One friend calls them his “Stories”, and says he saves them for bathroom breaks so he has something to read while he sits there. My mom says she knows it’s me texting when she hears a bajillion dings in a row, and then waits to pick up the phone until the dinging slows, “like microwave popcorn”.

These all actually made me feel so loved when I first heard them. Like, “you GET me!”

I’m also known to be able to take as much as I dish, so this makes me useful as a go-to person for venting, getting hype, sharing little daily minutiae, etc. Which is fine with me :) Recently diagnosed, what aspects of ADHD would be associated to this. I very much relate. You know, there's actually a song that I love listening to when I feel like I'm just one big giant bug/attention whore. The song is "Drain You" by Nirvana, I suggest you listen to it. For me, the song is about feeling like you just keep taking without giving back, hence the title of the song. You might like it, it's a pretty relaxed rock song. Been dating my SO just short of a year, still worry about this daily when he’s working(only time we really spend apart). He knows how much I talk and keeps me around anyways. Before we met, we would FaceTime for two hours a couple days a month and I’d just talk his ear off. The right person will eventually keep responding(doesn’t have to be timely, THEY RESPONDED )  and make you feel welcome but the thoughts probably won’t stop. However I also don’t medicate anymore.. sorry if that didnt make sense? I forgot to breath.. I mean blink, both?
 

EDIT; I do medicate, with marijuana. I have been approved by a dr before anyone comes at me for self medicating. I DO enjoy it much more. Take these side effects (lack of) over the pills I thought I needed. Yes they made me focus but all in all, I don’t like chewing my cheeks off on a low dose of my methylphenidate.  Completely, pretty sure I do this to my ex Whenever I hang out with my school teammates, with whom I have been working for a year now, I feel like they just tolerate me but dont truly appreciate me. Ab-so-lutely. I think about every second between a message sent and a reply received. I find that I need to put my mind to work on something else and then those seconds are only in the back of my mind and not the forefront.  I totally relate to this. One thing that has helped me is learning to distinguish between really wanting the stimulation of a response, and being anxious about being rejected. When I send a text and then wait for a response, the delay can feel unbearable, like not being able to scratch an itch. But for me it's often not really about wanting to hear from that person in particular. It's just... needing to scratch an itch. If I can get my brain to change the channel and stop thinking about it, I'm usually OK. So I try to give myself some other kind of stimulation, like watching a video or something, if I get really stuck waiting for an answer to my text. Late but can 100% relate. The worst part is peoples assumptions of my medication. Doesn't matter how much I explain to them that Ritalin is a magical cure, they expect it to be. They've mistaken me being zoned out as my medication working. it's not. If ADHD doesn't give me enough anxiety as it is then people telling me to up my prescription when my doctors disagree, or yelling at me to take my meds when I already have. 

There's nothing less reassuring then thinking that people don't even see you as human anymore, and would rather you were a dress up doll that they want to take the batteries out and stuff back in a corner😥 I keep a journal for this kind of stuff. You can overcome it with a lot of practice and setting some real expectations.  
  
If it feels like you are bugging them, you probably are not talking to someone you'd click with. A relationship shouldn't be exhausting, you need to be able to be yourself (within reason, you may need to improve aspects of yourself to nurture a healthy relationship. Talk to a therapist to figure out what you may need to work on).  
  
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/8oj20r/singles_of_reddit_whats_your_biggest_dating/e04eakn/ I didn't say it was necesarily the best idea, just what I often do lol  All u gotta do is send a brief text and sit and wait. Smoke some weed relax. Women love to chase as much as men do so fall back after a simple hey text say nothing let her respond. The last thing u wanna do is act like a nut and blow her phone up :(( keeps me from talking to people [deleted] [removed] [deleted] I get this so often. I thought that I have BPD because of it. I have an interesting method of handling rejection, especially when it comes to girls. Basically, when I message someone knowing I may be "rejected"(speaking loosely here) I do it a lot fast. I don't spread it out if I can't help it. I still am not really sure if this is a good idea or not. 
All that said, when I'm feeling up for it,  I still take a lot of shots(with all thjngs, not just with women) even if I can come off a bit weird, i feel much better if I try to ask someone out, or start working towards something, than if I cower and don't. Rejection sucks, but you shouldnt let that stop you from going for your goals. Cause doing nothing usually feels even worse I may be incorrect, but I sometimes feel like this sub has a tendency to overly attribute common anxieties to ADHD.

Not saying that I don't relate to this post, because I very much do, I just sometimes wonder where the ADHD ends and just being a modern human begins.

 I do the same so much! I try not to say anything in social situations cuz I’m afraid of saying something completely off topic or they’ve already moved off that topic by the time I get my thoughts together. Or I if I do say something I overanalyze the body language of the other person/people as not to bore them. 

I don’t think I’ll ever have the courage to say what I I’m thinking when I’m thinking it  I hate when I feel like I have to “calm down a little.”

I feel a little kid.  I have this generally, and then sometimes I go through periods of self confidence. The worst was when I got anxious that she didn't like me, and then because I was feeling self confident, I told her she didn't have to go out on our scheduled date. And then it turns out she was just busy and I was an idiot. Woo. That is so sweet. I am the same way. I hope my friends appreciate my texts the same way! Someone once told me getting my texts was like being the only follower of a strange and interesting Twitter feed. Dunno the specifics, but ADHD comes with anxiety about losing people and being excluded. Impulsiveness and excitability which can lead to sending lots of messages, combined with Rejection Sensitive Dysphoria (which goes along with ADHD very often) = worrying your behavior may lead to rejection.

>\[With RSD\] a person experiences severe emotional sensitivity and emotional pain. Generally, this means that people with ADHD will perceive a situation negatively, when in reality the situation may not aim to cause them emotional pain For me it was finally starting to develop awareness of social cues... Before medication I would just talk and talk and talk without paying any attention to anything or anyone around me.  If I had an audience I would spend hours talking about anything.  People attempt to be polite to you and so they do not want to upset you by telling you to stop talking so they will just allow themselves to become aggrevated by you instead.  When they finally have had enough to actually shut you down it's generally beyond too late to mend a friendly relationship back together.  It's tricky especially in business meetings because you want to contribute but don't want to shut down anyone else and layering in "professionalism" makes social cues seem even more subtle. Fail to reflex correctly when you are cued and you can potentially damage your career, fail to be assertive when it's beneficial to the group or company and you can potentially damage your career.  Just takes a serious amount of practice to get better at it and even then... Every single organization and group dynamic can be drastically different from one to the next.  Feels honestly like traversing a field of landmines most days... But at least a landmine will readily give you easily recognizable or "consumable" feedback if you piss it off.  People with neurotypical brains who act this way generally do so as they do not care about others. ADHD people get lumped in with these people even though it has little to do with not caring about others and everything to do with our brains being hardwired in a manner that makes understanding emotional feedback difficult to process.  

For me... Every... Single... Time I realize a new social cue that I had missed previously is devestating to me... And sends me into a spiral of emotional discord which is a mix of concern of all the people I had hurt previously by missing that cue and feeling like I will never truly conquer my pathology.  I generally climb out of that self loathing by reminding myself that the people who stayed in my life even though I was insenstive to whatever I just learned, did so because they were patient and compassionate to me.  And I am still deserving of their friendship because I having always been true to my intentions and found this new thing out about myself because I care about how I treat others immensely.

It just sucks that every rung up on the ladder feels like a backslide... But that's part of the nature of this.  As you can tell I'm still long winded. Oh.. see, here I am “shit, I definitely over shared now. So much for being an early comment” LOL  Yup. I usually distract myself with something fun while I wait for the response to a risky text  You're newly single, get on tinder, and practice experiencing rejection. Its the only way to get better at dealing with it. It's a hard one to get over. One mantra that helps me a lot is the thought that when someone doesn't like me, I usually don't like them either. If someone I'm talking to gives me the impression they don't like me, I ask myself if I like them. I think the two are the same. It is more painful because we are less equipped to handle it well. We seem to experience all emotions more intensely than other people, but for some reason rejection stands ahead of the crowd. I think it is related to impulsiveness - in the same way that we find it hard resist acting out of impulse, we also find it hard not to 'feel out of impulse' if you know what I mean. We are less able to rationally make sense of a given situation before forming an emotional reaction to it. That's the right kind of thinking. [removed] I know what you mean, ask and it feels like I'm being too 'emotionally needy' (and maybe it's true), don't ask and you're left with enough doubt for the rejection paranoia to hang onto.

I find it much easier with people who understand my ADHD a bit, with them I can at least say "sorry, it's an ADHD thing, but <something something rejection>?". I went through a phase of thinking I had BPD too! Doesn't this just make you feel it more intensely? For me, if there are too many pots on at once it's hard to work out what I'm feeling about what. When I can work out why I'm feeling rejected it's easier to process and self-soothe. When I feel rejection coming now I let go completely. I say what ever I want and the rest of the conversation is a social experiment for me to learn from. Anxiety disorders are very common among people with ADHD, along with emotional disregulation, making it easy to understand why this type of thing may be more of an issue for us. I think you might be correct, but like a lot of ADHD things, the difference between "common issues" and "ADHD issues" can just be a matter of scale. Yes, everyone would rather watch TV than do homework, but ADHD people have a much harder time overcoming that preference. Yes, nobody likes to be rejected, but people with Rejection Sensitive Dysphoria feel that rejection much more severely than most people, including gut-wrenching anxiety from mild rejections. 

I think there is definitely a tendency to attribute our problems to our "known disorder", and that it's easy to jump on board when other people in this sub do the same, but I think RSD (and anxiety, and depression) are generally considered comorbid with ADHD, and it makes sense because ADHD can make it hard for us to properly integrate into "normal" society, so when people point out that we don't quite fit it can feel like a soul-shattering blow (RSD), or we constantly worry about how we don't fit (anxiety), or feel like it's never going to get better for us (depression), it can be a "part" of our ADHD, even if it's not a direct symptom of ADHD itself. I think you are incorrect. I think common anxieties are common because a lot of people experience them...because a lot of people have undiagnosed ADHD. 

I have a lot of people in my life with lots of anxieties, and I try empathize but I really, really can’t put myself in their shoes because I don’t experience anxiety the way they do. Very little phases me and I don’t worry about most things. 

This isn’t because I handle it differently/better, or because I’m a stronger/better person. It’s just the way my brain is wired.  I could have written this! I’m getting better but my whenever I’m spontaneous, I have a tendency to accidentally interrupt. Hope meds will help with that. But yeah, why does this socializing thing have to be so tough?  I’ve heard this from a lot of people with ADHD, they don’t want to feel like a kid. 

Personal theory, this often stems from childhood, when you were learning your coping mechanisms for adhd and unguided, the adults in your life said things that created feelings of rejection in you and used the phrases “you’re not a little kid, stop X” or some variation on that.
 Another example of when to cool the jets. Its weird, I have these anxieties also and somewhere I developed this barometer for backing off and letting whoever I'm talking to move the situation forward. I don't know, I guess it's a give and take. But sometimes it's give give take, or take take take give. I dont completely understand it, and it makes my head hurt. Best way to find out is to ask them :) In general, if people are still your friend and aren’t complaining, then you are probably fine. Still, I find it helpful to check in on people and let them know that I recognize that I text a LOT (they all know I have The ADHD), and that they are welcome to put me on DnD if it gets to be too much - if it’s an emergency I would call. Apparently, most of my long-time friends do not see a need to do this, and that is how I discovered that these people actually mostly enjoy my text cascades. People are lonelier and more bored than they might appear compared to us, and plenty are actually sorta jealous of our humor, creativity, and lack of inhibition, and even welcome the distraction and spontaneous connection some days. That's a great explanation. And I even experienced this today and it really hurt. Thanks for the reply it's nice to related to others this way. Been practicing! No one to talk to lol.  100%. And I know it's easier said than done, but try to work out and be in good shape. It will help with both life and Tinder  I know that is the only way but it is like if some said me that by touching fire the burns will turn less painful.  Just indiscriminately swipe right, talk to who ever matches with you, if the conversation is not interesting don't talk to them. Learn what turns you off of a conversation, and you will begin to see if you do that to others. Hey hot stuff... Try Okcupid! Got me and my girlfriend together :). And now we're moving to Canada together in a few months.
It's really easier to talk to people. It's the best meeting/dating app I've found. And a lot of people just look for friends there too. Get better pictures, and re-install.  True words. As paradoxical as it it, people say they don't judge for not having a six pack, but they totally do. Not that being out of shape will kill your social or romantic life, it is one of those solvable obstacles that people see and think lazy or no ambition. Thats a bit dramatic, its more like standing in front of a deep fryer, at first hot oil stings, but you build a tougher skin eventually, and it doesnt bother you anymore. The thing is, they send one message to me and then don’t reply. So it’s kind of hard to practice.  Haha, yeah i was too dramatic, my point was that it is hard at the beginning. It is hard even knowing that A) there is the only way B) there aren't bad outcome, if you were rejected then use what you lern to improve C) be rejected is better that never try.  https://www.reddit.com/r/Tinder/

Look around and see what gets people to respond. 