prescribed dexedrine, going through some problems I can't seem to figure out. I dont know how many times I've wrote and then deleted everything because its not exactly best describing how I feel.  

So, this time,  I'll just throw some information out there, hopefully it will make sense.

I've been prescribed dexedrine for my adhd for a long time now.  Recently in the last year or two, I have not taken it regularly because i felt as if my medical marijuana was working way better.


Now, I am back on taking it (no medical cannabis, no alcohol, a little bit of nicotine) and going through some very hard to describe problems that I thought only you guys would be able to relate to//help me describe them. I havn't found any success online research or asking my psychiatrist, he said he'd get back to me-that's in a few months. I will see him, but until then...here are some points.  

* Eating. I dont know when it started, sometime in Highschool perhaps.  The thought of eating and the thought of masticating (chewing on food, swallowing, etc) is VERY nauseating for me. Although i dont vomit, I feel like I am on the verge.  That's another reason for medical marijuana, is that it helped me feel good and helped me eat.  Unfortunately medical marijuana is not an option this come around.  Only the prescription drugs.  I've been reading threads and posts here and came to the conclusion that it is best to eat a very big breakfast and have snacks all around.    Although i've tried to do this, it is very hard.  Especially difficult when I take the medicine (15mg ER supplemented with 10mg IR about 6-8 hours later)

*  Uneasiness.  I am constantly feeling very uneasy.  butterflies not in my stomach, but in my heart and center chest behind my sternum (approximately).   Most comparable feeling to when you are in class and half know what the professor is talking about and then all of a sudden, professor calls on you, shuts the class up, and makes you come up to the class and either explain what we learned to the class or explain to him, with no way of getting out of it.

* Vision.  When I am studying, reading is all good.  The minute I pick my head up and look at, say the clock, i have to wait until my eyes adjust which takes a LOT longer than its supposed to/normally does.

* Memory Recollection.  YES, this drug is magic to my attention.  Its all of a sudden like I am on a single tracked mind and can handle processes one by one, instead of the usual- half here, half there, a little here, little here, complete this, unfinished that, etc.  However, when Im done the topic or chapter and i try to recall it, I can't.  I re-read it and it feels like its the first fucking time i've ever read the material. It feels like the speed at which i am running on the drug is significantly faster than normal (obviously) but to a point where I feel (sometimes) that by the time I understand starting of the sentence, my eyes have already finished the text and moving on to the next thing.

* Temperature and stiffness.  I feel very stiff and cold.  Not super hypothermic but definitely enough to put socks on and a sweatshirt and wear long sweats over my gym shorts.  My back is killer...but that probably was always there. 


So, yes, these are some, if not the most important, problems I go through and no one understands because no one else has adhd.  I really hope atleast one or two points you guys can help me out with.


I hate feeling defected and so different I have to force my chemicals instead of doing me naturally like everyone else does.  But, whatever.  Have to do what you have to do, right?


anyway, have a great night, thanks for reading .  looking forward to your opinions/thoughts/etc.



Edit: forgot to add temper. For some reason I get really mad really quickly. It's a bummer,  I don't like being angry at....... Yea I don't even know what I'm angry at.  Atleast I'm getting work done I guess.


Edit 2...sorry, anger is not a good word to describe the temper. It's more close to agitated. If I can usually stand someone asking me the same question 6 times befote I flip,  I feel like after the first time or second time asked,  I'm on the edge. :/ Possibly dose is too strong.
Need to ask your doctor. Just to be safe I get this nervous feeling you described as uneasiness as well. Caffeine makes the feeling worse, but I like coffee so I just deal with it. 

Coffee combined with Ritalin was way worse for me, somehow. Felt super nervous / anxious after just one cup of coffee and 10mg Ritalin. Remove the coffee and I felt fine.  How long have you been on it?  

Have you asked your psychiatrist about adjuct medications. I've found a highly specific alpha 2a agonist matched up with my amphetamine medication was an excellent addition and made things feel very well balanced. Possibly,  however I dont think so, because we have been through different strengths and stopped at this one. 

I will talk to him anyway, but my appointment isn't for another few weeks. 





Is anything I'm noting  even a symptom for some people? 


edit: actually, you know what? that does seem plausible. I'm totally sober now baseline and I've been rereading this thread and it does seem like a little overstimulation.   I called my Dr and scheduled an earlier appointment. Until then, I will try a 5mg less dose tomorrow.  Im usually taking 15mg, I'll take 10 and see how it goes from there. Yes.  I am getting all of these.  And now sort of episodically I get heart palpitations, dizziness, and tingling in hands feet or face.  But I'm definitely at too high a dose for what feels good for me, AND have just had the most stressful and demanding year and a half of my life wrapping up the Ph.D. and starting a full time teaching load, and I have yet to break away from all nighters so I'm now all nighting REGULARLY.  Like twice a week, since about September, with little respite.  So I've been hesitant in pointing a finger to the meds alone for that reason. Ive had some odd eye effects, but that could be eye strain. The cold bit is what sounds worrying. Sex usually raises them a couple degrees.
 If you don't mind me asking,  what have you found to be the most beneficial way of learning and storing information so as to be recalled accurately?

Also,  what's your schedule like? 

Sometimes I feel like I'm reading and so focused on reading that I forget what I was reading. I'm in a very demanding subject, medicine, so maybe accumulative all the stress? Can't be that simple of an answer though.  Yea the cold symptom no one else seems to get. 

It's so strange.  I'm totally fine now, but will take the medicine soon, and guaranteed I'll throw on more layers. And it's sunny where I live!  I don't remember if you said,  but are you female?   I've seen several postings and mentions that girls (at least enough I've seen it heh...)  should actually have a rotating dose based around their cycle,  as their neurotransmitter levels oscillate enough they're often pushed outside of the therapeutic window.   Im male and I'm definitely up at the upper range of the therapeutic window,  as the occasional day I get smattering of these kinds of symptoms,  which are "too much" effect to put it simply.   Best of luck,  remember there's a happy window in the middle of the effect,  too much can be euphoric and cause a lot of motivation (but other issies)  but also cause scattered hyper focus,  and the other end is the old "normal".  If that changes for you over time you need an adjustment,  up or down,  the body is always changing.  No, I am not a female.  Although it does seem like I get the female symptom side....which is odd to say the least.

i remember this one drug i was prescribed, bupoprion, and it was like a light switch.  im on it-IM FUCKING ANGRY RAAAAHHHHHH 

the minute im off, im back to my same serene, its all good, let it flow self.

That has been long stopped, so that is interesting to note.


however I am really agitated when on these stimulants. And, like before, I can tell when I'm not on it anymore--im just not pissed at everything around lol.

fuck my brain. Only with  these god dam pills can I feel "normal" I am, and I will check it out!
Also, when I have had weird side effects, I am usually under terrible strain, and insomnia- often total missed nights, or 3-4 days, 3 hours or less a night/ Yeah,  diet water sleep is like the "fire triangle"  for my Vyvanse (xr dex more or less)  to be effective and not weird.  Don't be afraid to use the occasional sleep aid (I'm down to maybe one night a week now after a month on 50mg vyvanse)  and melatonin and zzzquil are going to be perpetual staples in my medicine bag from now on I think. Heck one of these days when I have less on my plate I'm planning on taking an "off" day which is against my medicine ethos and just sleep :D How do you eat? 


That is MY BIGGEST PROBLEM


Shit. Even right now,  I'm staring at this food which has been sitting in front of me for the last hour and a half. The minute I put food anywhere near my mouth I feel like I'm going to puke. 



But then I feel like I'm so hungry I'm going to puke. 



I can't eat,  but I really want to. 


I don't want to eat, but I fucking have to. 

Ive wasted so much food making it or buying something and then not eating any more than a bite.  I fucking hate this.  Been losing weight? 

I plummeted for the first while,  lost about 15-20 lbs (10 percent or so maybe up to 30 honestly,  had no baseline.) 

My appetite has been improving the lower my weight gets,  although often I'm just eating (no pleasure in it,  no desire,  I'm eating because I'm supposed to and I function better when I do.)

If you've got 15 to 20 percent of your weight you can afford to lose your appetite will probably return at that point,  if you are rail thin I'm afraid I'm not much use.  There's a podcast episode on dieting and weight loss with adhd and other related ones you could listen to,  they explain  why My appetite returned and maybe there's some tips in there for you.... 

Maybe try soylent?  (2.0) you can just chug a bottle when you "should" eat,  goes down easy and nutritionally complete, it's a mainstay for me from prior to diagnosis because I'd forget or just be too daunted by the task of cooking or whatever.  What's the difference between the soylent 1.5 and the 2.0?

Im thinking of buying some from soylentexchange and trying some out.  I see the place filled with people trying to get rid of their 1.5,  so I'm just a bit curious. IL do more research on it forsure,  just seeing what your view is.  1.5 was alright,  if you have a big blender and access to it for your meals it would be more cost effective,  but if you don't like your local water or even if you do the water flavors the mix strongly since the mix is nearly flavorless,  combine that with it being very difficult to mix and generally being better after being refrigerated 12 hours it's a bit difficult for an adhd mind to manage,  whereas the 2.0 is just mixed and bottled with a minimal amount of a gelling / stabilization agent,  a few good shakes for the tiny bit of stuff that settles and you are good to go.  Shelf stable for a year,  it's just a "better"  option,  if a bit pricey.  