Those who have iPad Pro with pencil, are you organized a bit more? I'm thinking about getting an iPad Pro due I have really hard time to organizing my paper-based notes and ideas and thoughts overall.

I assume that the *handwriting* capability of the device which enables us to draw, make connections help the memory encoding phase and a single device can help to make it a single point of truth instead of different piles of notes.

Or maybe it is just a new type of distraction which could hinder to focus and in the long-term, it becomes a very expensive toy?

What are your thoughts? I think it's an excuse to spend a load of money haha you could just get a whiteboard and a marker for a fraction of the price. Use different colors of you need to  I have a tablet with writing capability.
It's awkward to work with in comparison to paper and doesn't really change much. It is likely to make handwriting worse. I have those. 

I also tend to scribble on my text book. So, now, PDF text book makes life better. When a question is answered, or a comment I put in is wrong, I can erase them. 

Try Nebo script or something it's called, it turned handwriting into text. 

If you use PDF expert or notability, your notes sync with your laptop, and you can highlight things. 

I don't use the iPad for organisation, tho. It's for note taking and studying. So, I don't have anything installed there that has nothing to do with school. 

Also, about the writing, buy the screen cover with some friction. Helps a lot.

As far as the iPad itself, yeah. I think it helps loads. I think not having to carry loads of books all over the place also helps my back not be broken into 3 pieces! I just bought one recently for my physics program. It's worked wonders on my willingness to take notes. I also don't use paper except when I need to print or take tests. I can't say one way or the other it will be beneficial to you personally, but it is an incredibly useful tool if you think it would help. For more info, I bought the 12.9 inch and use an otter box case for the built in screen and defense against my ability to break things. I use the app notability due to it's better palm rejection and more precision based toolset. The larger screen means I can have my PDF textbooks open at the same time as my notes! I find it works very well. I have had this combo since it came out. My wife was skeptical but we just bought her one to use while she goes back to school for a second Master's degree. I barely ever take out my MacBook anymore. I need to use Windows at work but find that with Remote Desktop its like having the best of both worlds. The multitasking allows you to take notes in the sidebar. I have tried many apps but have settled on Goodnotes lately. Add a keyboard as well. I use the apple one. I found that while the Logitech was a better keyboard in some ways (lit keys), it added a great deal of weight and made writing on a flat surface feel strange. The podcast Canvas helps you find ways to increase productivity with an iPad Pro.   I would lose the stylus in 3 days.  Maybe this would be helpful for you - https://www.livescribe.com/en-ca/

I can't give a personal recommendation as I hadn't heard of it until after I finished school but I came across a video of an ADHD coach who has ADHD herself and swore by this to get her through school. I think I know where the pencil is. And it may have some charge left.  I use the 12.9. I like it just fine. I wouldn't trade down personally.  It'd be interesting if I get to school with a whiteboard :D As you mentioned I fear the display make the handwriting worse, although It can be erased and rewritten. Maybe it'd be too much hassle to care about. Do you use the smaller or the bigger iPad? Now the 10.5" came out which somehow looks the sweet spot.
 Either you forgot to mention it was for school or I forgot you mentioned it was for school. I mean will your school allow a apple sketch board thingy and also it seems like a lot of money to spend on a thing you'll use for only a few years. I reckon there are cheaper alternatives if you look around  erasing and rewriting take relatively longer amount of time, which is annoying. I did not mention on purpose, due to the low number of students who have ADHD and use iPad and I think It's interchangeable with some of the workplaces. It's a college so I can use anything. On the other hand, my handwriting looks like [this](http://imgur.com/mnMrOgw) so It's a tradeoff that should be considered.  Ah ok I think it's a good idea but I think with a cheaper alternative if you don't have the funds to splash  A good question is: do you already have a comfortable online note-saving system? Folders and stuff? It's more difficult to get use to than you think. In my university, people largely just use laptops. The only person I know to use the tablet + pen is an art student who uses it for basic animation assignments. I've several problems with the laptop:

* Math based lectures are a hell with it
* Hate (& can't) to learn from a linear, vertical notes, have to make drawings and connections
* It sounds stupid, but the screen of the laptop covers the *field of view*  when looking to the board/teacher, which really bothers me

But your point make some sense, and as I have an okay organization of my files on the computer, I think I would manage it. sounds like you should be good then :) 