I have this thing where when i read something i have to repeatedly imagine it in my head to understand it - no matter how abstract, even though i already understand it. Like for example; "unlike cognitive load, ego depletion is in part loss of motivation"

When i read this i simply can't for some irritating reason move on to the next line. I have to re-read it while picturing like a cognitive process happening -in my mind- then, i move it to the side {"unlike cognitive load"}, after that comes a picture of bar in a chart-like thing going down {"ego depletion"}, in the end it will be an arrow connecting the bar to a picture of a cylinder emptying itself.

And this is the entire process for one fucking line. It doesn't happen everytime and sometimes i can get through 1 or 2 paragraphs without it happening but when i does it is just crippling and i end up wasting my entire reading time on it. Currently i am up to 6-8 pages a day.

Even when i am done picturing i have to go back and do it again to re-assure myself that i got it. I know alot of you prefer subtitles on movies as i have read here and i kind-of do too as it makes listening and refocusing attention easier but i have stopped doing that now because of this. As i have to process audio and text separately.




I can barely get my self to sit down, let alone focus on a book and then this shit comes along.

The reason i post this is to know if any of you experience it too or could this be OCD (will be posting to that sub too).

**EDIT:** just wanted to add another thing that when i am seeing an actual picture or a movie, i have to stop it and for some reason stare at it and try to adsorb all the details and work out the technicals (how and what is happening-imagine/picture it), and do this for a long time. If anyone has insight on this too, please share. 
 [deleted] Look into Visual Spatial Learning.  It's my daughter's main learning style-she has ADHD-I.  If you use the visual style, you prefer using images, pictures, colors, and maps to organize information and communicate with others. You can easily visualize objects, plans and outcomes in your mind's eye. Holly!  I wanted to make the same post for months now.  
I experience the same thing when i watch something. I have to make sense of every situations, for ex: A character is presented as a villain, i have to go through a possible childhood that could make him become one.  Or another example is a scene where physics is involved, for ex: Someone shooting a person with a sniper from a distance, he has to aim not exactly on the person but a little bit left or right, and i just have to imagine shot in my head multiple times until it is perfect.


I don’t know  what it is honestly. I do this all day every day. Same. I've been doing this since I was a kid and it actually helped with writing stories, drawing and making comics. I find it really enjoyable. The movies that overwhelm me are superhero movies with too much visual stimuli and really loud noises.

 My executive function has gone to shit in the last few years so it's harder to do this now, but hoping I'll get better with meds (recently diagnosed).  Happens to me a lot.
When I'm reading a book or when I'm in the middle of a conversation. 

Have you searched some other material about this? Got interested. Me too. Particularly if it's game of thrones and I want to absorb every sentence  Oh yes, I also do this. To understand any new information or work out something that doesn't immediately make sense, I have to read it over and over in bits and pieces and sort of come up with a mental diagram of some sort. I have to work it out in my head complete with visualizing myself manipulating physical objects to put it together. Even when it's something i already understand, sometimes I feel like I have to go over it to solidify my understanding.

I couldn't even get through the example sentence you gave & just gave up on it.  I have this exact thing as well when I am not on meds. Very frustrating to spend 10+ mins on a sentence trying to visualize the connections. I also have problems hearing and internalizing conversations because I have to take apart each word and draw mental connections to understand. Not great when I'm receiving instructions.

With meds, this issue is fixed almost completely. Maybe 2% of the time do I have this problem on medication. Thank-you for this. Nice to know others out there too have a similar experience.


May i ask if you are on meds?

*I am not.*

 >Holly! I wanted to make the same post for months now.

This the most relate-able thing ever. Same for me with the example sentence. I know those words and I know what they should mean, but I still have no idea what I read. I feel pretty stupid when shit like this happens. It's particularly frustrating on exams. No matter how well I studied, I still have to reread things a bunch of times before I can figure out what they say. It's not like I can't read, but it's like the words just hit my brain and sit there without doing anything. Like, I'd love to pick an answer but I still don't know what the question was.

It happens in conversation too. Sometimes I tell people I have hearing problems bc I'm embarrassed by how many times i have to ask them to repeat themselves.  What meds do you take? and if Aderall, how many 'mg'? I used to take Adderall, but I felt like a robot while on it. I was on 20mg XR. Through some trial and error, I'm now on Vyvanse 40mg.  