randomly wording sentences incorrectly? Not sure if this goes her but I feel like problems with grammar and writing often come with ADHD enough to make this relevant. 

I was curious if this could be an issue outside of ADHD though. I misword my sentences often enough to annoy my professor. Its often that what I say is close but not quite matching what I mean to say. And I feel like my professor sometimes takes this to mean I dont understand what she is talking about when I do. Ill either notice after the fact or when someone points it out. On some occasions I know what I want to say but simply struggle to find the right word or words to say it. I feel like this doesnt match a lot of the writing and communication disorders because I can type well with time and effort and I can understand and comprehend speech and text just fine, although Im a bit of a slow reader.

I'm starting to get nervous of how I much bother my professor with this and im not sure what to do. I’m an awful writer. I can’t express anything in written word.

You should record what you want to say and play it back. It’s helpful. Could be a speech impediment.
A lot of people have them as kids, you know cute stuff like dropping your R's or S's and they naturally grow out of it with no formal treatment. 
I had a more serious one and did speech therapy as a child, I have no trace of an impediment now but I will trip over my words or get a sentence mixed up.
Do you speak rapidly? That also causes me to mess up sentences.

The best way to fix it is by practicing reading aloud to yourself and reading the sentences slowly and deliberately. Poetry or even a book or the freaking declaration of independence. Recording it helps you hear how it's actually coming out rather than how you think it's coming out. They did that with me as a kid, I'd record myself slowly reading a children's book or reciting one of those long nursery rhymes like "There was an old lady who swallowed a fly" so I could hear the parts where my speech started to slur. It might be that I dont feel like I think in words so much as I think in feelings and images. And if I dont find the exact wording I spit out the closest equivalent which... when it comes to talking about scientific stuff in university will come off as completely incorrect depending on the wording that pops up. Like when I was reiterating for my own clarity messaging my professor that the Ph of a pitcher plant water may affect the communities composing it. This is jumbled. It should have been the ph affects THE communities living in the pitcher plant. This is exactly what I was thinking in my mind but it came out wrong. First my frequent repetitive redundancy when speaking already bothers her and to top it off i will spontaneously speak in a manner like this that has me looking like I know nothing of the material when really im just unintentionally fucking up my sentence. It happens in both speaking and typing and i dont think a speech impediment translates to text. I sound very coherent over stuff like this because Im taking extra care to formulate my sentences correctly and have time to mull over what I wanna say.  The repetitive redundancy thing was another mistake actually. I state the obvious unintentionally by spitting out the thought in my head blindly. Repetitive redundancy sounds kinda right but isnt the word for that.  