Anybody see posts you'd really like to read but it's just too much text so you can make yourself even start it? How on earth am I supposed to get it through my head that it'll take less than 5 minutes to read? When I'm interested in something I can laser focus but after that wears off, walls of text become impossible, when I'm still very interested in the thing. Every day on the sub i open text walls and close them immediately. I would really like to be able to read them but i can't make it through the first three sentences.

Please! if you're posting on here "USE PARAGRAPHS!" I really wish there were more image-based reading material. I'd learn a lot! Uh.. no. I do see videos that I get really pissed off at because I see it's longer than one minute and they spend the first forty seconds blathering on about something inconsequential. 

Tldr; fuck no, love reading, hate videos. Yes. I didn't even finish reading your post... So I only know half of what I'm agreeing to. Reposting again:

>Sentence segmenter

https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/sentence-segmenter/jfbhkblbhhigbgdnijncccdndhbflcha

The Chrome extension temporarily puts each sentence on a new line.

Replaces "period" "space" to "period" "newline/paragraph break".

I have poor attention spam for reading - I like everything in this point-form format.

It's like using a pretty print command on a chunk of computer code: 

http://i.imgur.com/rFKpaAn.gifv

If you're not using a browser, you can do the replacement in Microsoft Word or Notepad++.

(After using a free program called Ditto to Ctrl+C multiple times, and pasting everything)

Microsoft Word replace

     . 
    
    .^p

or

Notepad++

     . 
    
    .\n I'm just gonna save your post, but I'll definitely get back to it later. Definitely. Literally every time I open an interesting post in /r/askscience... Yes but the one benefit is that it's also impossible to get involved with arguments on Facebook I used to read SO MUCH. Now I can barely bear to read one paragraph.  All the bloody time. Hands down. Definitely. This, this, this. EVERY.DAMN.TIME. Yes.  Is that not normal? Yup, I blame it on adhd+dyslexia where even if the dyslexia is mind, its enough to make my brain not know where to start, and thus, not start. Didn't get past the headline sorry

I agree That's why I stopped browsing /r/adhd tl;dr Most. I'm off my meds right now for pregnancy  Yes. Literally. Text walls are just plain ugly.  Try Audiobooks. I find them much easier to hold my attention to. Not gonna lie, I scanned this in the first few lines and the last few lines...

I don't have a problem >. >  I save them in hopes of reading them. Never happens  When I get tired of reading long articles, I have the computer read it to me.  I also started looking up stuff in youtube because I have no patience to read.  I'm a web/graphic/UI/UX designer, although I often think a better title would be *information designer*. A huge part of the problem is that most people have no idea how to design the information they're trying to convey in an efficient and easy-to-consume manner.

And it's not just about writing. It's about knowing how long your content should be for your audience and the amount of time and attention they have.

Also, the way writing is taught is very outdated. What's the #1 requirement of any school writing assignment? Its length. Value isn't placed on brevity and informational efficiency at all. If you don't write X pages, then you're punished. Even journalists are still trained that they need to fill a certain amount of space, so we wind up with news stories full of fluff and bullshit that go on for pages, when a few efficient paragraphs would be enough.

Also, there are more ways to convey information than just writing paragraphs like a book report. I always recommend that people use bulleted lists and images or infographics when they can. Every day, yes. But most of the times I blame the author - a well written text should be easy to skim through.

I should clarify: if it's long but well written and constructed and it's on a topic I'm interested in - I won't have a big difficulty reading it, except I may trace back occasionally and read some parts twice because I get distracted. [deleted] While I don't like long walls of text, I'm a hypocrite bcuz I am typically one of the ones who write them.   Hahaa ha LOL. So true. My brain assesess the length and then decides. Ironically, I write too 😜 I don't have ADHD, but yes I was hesitant to open this because I saw there were over 50 comments to read... Yes. 

I also rarely read the comments beyond the top 2 or 3.  Wow! What an original post! Even with paragraphs, if it's too long, I'll go straight to the TL;DR [deleted] Sorry... I'm guilty of quite a few walls of text the last few days. Have you ever checked out the Great Courses Plus? Lots of lectures and stuff from college professors and it's really interesting. Most of the sections are only 30 minutes so it's easy to break up That's why there are comic books. I love comics lol but haven't read in a while 😐 Always skip the first third of a video.  Shit I didn't even read the text in his post. I just assumed that I know what it's about.  Saving this to read later!.....................👍🏻 holy shit this is a lifesaver, thank you I've got 298 saved posts on my Facebook that I've saved to go back and read.  

Never gonna happen.  Fo sho So damn true! Literally same I try keep short I divvy want books though. I want reddit posts. So true!!! Teachers insisting on writing assignment length are just encouraging students to pad their papers with garbage. I also know that teachers often complain about having to read lots of papers that are poorly written and/or full of hot air -- but either don't see the contradiction or have no choice in the matter. 

I only had one professor in college (English lit) who gave advice re cutting out unnecessary words and cliches. Presentations were supposed to be seven minutes max, but nearly every student went way over that time with useless blathering. Sitting through that was fucking brutal. Lol I did this at one point N O N E E D T O B E A D I C K

Clearly a lot of us can relate to this and there's no need to be rude. Pff I don't even make it to the TL;DR most of the time  you have employees? a company? do tell no, link? I usually hit that halfway mark, very rarely do I have to go and backtrack I miss being a bookworm as a child. I was pretty ahead of my class because I read so much. Now, everything's gone to shit :/// https://www.thegreatcoursesplus.com/

Its a pay for service FYI. Understandable for the content, but I usually just get the great courses on audible cause I can listen while I do things around the house. Right with ya man 