Get yourself a watch, so you stop checking your phone as often We all know that when we look at our phone to check the time, we get distracted by notifications, and then get lost for far longer than we intended... So get yourself a watch and you'll look at your phone less often! 

Doesn't matter if it's a regular watch or a smart watch, as long as it's a watch! My watch battery needs replacing. So I got a replacement battery. Then I checked the back of my watch and it needs a special tool to open it. I kept forgetting to order the tool off Amazon. When I finally remembered, I had misplaced the watch and the battery. H E L P I just turned off *all* my push notifications... problem solved. :) I just started wearing a watch after ~15 years and it’s the best ever.  I don’t think I realized how much a watch helps keep me on track.  

Also, I’m pretty sure I stopped wearing a watch 15 years ago because the battery ran out once and I just never got my act together to replace it.  But this one just needs to be charged once a week which is pretty do-able for me.  I guess I just needed to wait 15 years for technology to invent an adhd-friendly work-around for watch batteries.  Worth the wait!  I got an Apple Watch because the temptation to check the internet every time I needed to pause/fast forward/turn down my podcasts and music was too much. It actually works really well and I look a lot more professional checking the time on my wrist instead of fishing in my pocket for my phone. I will forget the watch... I had one, but I lost it 3 months ago. Now I‘m using one of my boyfriend and he would be angry if I lose it. Now I have quite a thrill every time I leave the house. I have a regular digital watch. It's been helpful and I never forget to wear it. I think a smartwatch would just lead to me goofing off on my watch instead of my phone. My current watch has an hourly chime that helps me be more aware of what time it is too. I tried this, I'm actually not time blind it turns out!  I finally got to skip one of the symptoms! : ) It's so uncomfortable though. Trying to get it positioned right on my arm is far more distracting than my phone. I got a cheap fitness tracker off of wish.com as I wanted to know how many steps I took on a busy day at work, and I hate not knowing the time, and going up to the kiosk to check the clock on the phone too often isn’t good.  But I *hate* wearing watches. Like, I can feel them being there on my wrist... Instead of a watch, i got myself an 2006 Nokia business\-phone! One of those old dumbphones with a keyboard. This has eliminated all of my phone problems, I'm no longer distracted by the constantly online dopamine machine in my pocket, as I no longer have a phone with games, apps or quick internet! 

I'm 18, and the phone is Nokia E61.

It's fucking fantastic i tell you, and if i need to check something online, the phone can load low\-memory sites and images. If i need to be productive, the phone has the equivalent of word, excel and powerpoint, as well as a calendar, a calculator, a converter, and third party software compatibility, meaning that if i need a translator app i can just download that.  Yeah, no.

The phone is where my calendar and my notes are. I've  gotten myself used to "If I need to check the time, I'd better check the calendar to see what I am supposed to be doing, and if the entry says see notes, well I'd better check that too."

This system works great for me

Besides I lose watches or break them. This has been a life saver. I don't even want to go anywhere without my phone and watch. I would always ignore the vibrations or check it every 2min, two extremes both saved by a little wrist device
 Another tip from me: don't check your phone after sleeping and you are still in bed! When waking up you are often not motivated to be productive because you are still a little tired and drowsy \(at least I am\), and right after waking up your brain doesn't work good, so you lose very easily track of time and for you know you are on the internet on your phone in your bed for an hour, and because of eating to late breakfest you are longer tired after waking up...  Set up automatic Do not disturb really helps me. Also upcoming Android update will hide all notifications visually as well when you turn Do not disturb on :) Somewhat related, but I mess around with my phone so much that I turned off notifications except for incoming calls. Since I have kids I’m basically on call 24/7 I told my wife and sitter if there is an emergency to call me. Someday I may be able to give up being on my phone often, but it’s kind of integrated into my life at this point. I still see texts and respond within 30 mins or an hour, but I’m not constantly distracted by group texts and non-emergency chit chat. Good advice. I’ve worn a watch pretty much every day for 20+ years. Had an Apple Watch for 3 years. Even having a smart watch has reduced my phone ADD when I get a notification. I look at the relevant notifications and move on, rather than getting stuck on my phone. ...but then I’d have to remember to put it on, and remember where I put it after I took it off.  My watch has alarms! I love being able to just click a few times for a reminder to pay attention.. Garmin Fenix 3 hr or Fenix 5 works perfect for this.  So agree. I was never a watch person until getting a Pebble... The apps, notifications, and most importantly the mini flashlight made me want to wear it. Wearing it got me in the habit of checking the time. A small but significant life change! I'm gonna go cry about Pebble now Smart watch with calendar reminders are 100% invaluable. I recommend the Pebble Time. $50 on Amazon does everything an expensive smart watch does and it's super rugged.  Bought one as a new year's resolution. Could not recommend it enough!! SECONDED OH MY GOD To anyone who likes checking the time but doesn't like watches; I have a 'Garmin vivofit 3' I think it is, and it's great, comfortable to wear, it has an always on digital display, uses a watch battery which lasts at least year at a time and it's totally waterproof! So I basically never have to take it off and I don't have to remember to charge it or put it back on constantly, and when it does run out I just go to a watch shop and have someone change the battery over for me.

Oh and if I hold the button for a moment it starts a timer that I use when I am cooking food, and beeps at me occasionally so reminds me to look down at the timer! I still leave my food cooking too long, but only by like 5 minutes. [I'm sure an oven or phone timer would work too but this is with me wherever I go, and I forget to start the other timers]. I absolutely hate the feeling of any clip or buckle. I'd need to find a watch with an elastic strap which I actually like the look of.... and that's hard. I bought myself a Fitbit last fall before I was diagnosed. I wore it every day to keep track of time, reminders, etc. Inevitably, I misplaced the charger for days at a time, I would misplace the Fitbit, or forget to charge it altogether. Then my band broke and kept forgetting to order a new band. Finally got around to it. Then I went home to visit my parents for Christmas and I left my charger at their house three states away and did not realize it until I was already home. Never thought to ask them to just mail it to me. Never remembered to just buy a replacement when I was in town. Finally remembered to buy the replacement and my dead Fitbit is sitting on my dresser and the new charger is downstairs on my end table because I never remember to grab the charger when I go upstairs or think to grab my Fitbit. Such is life. 😑 Haha! like I can read clock hands I have a nickel allergy. Eveb though I coat my watch, I still am scared to wear it putting your screen on black & white mode makes it a lot less addicting as well...i have it set to triple tap home button to switch back and fourth  I needed a watch to help me better manage time at my new job. I looked for a long time at men's watches. They all come in two sizes, large and larger. Every one I put on felt bulky and gaudy. They were also way too flashy. One day I'm looking at target looking at womens watches and I find a small elegant timex expedition. It has a masculine look to it without being huge. Its face is about the size of a penny. [Here's one](https://www.amazon.com/Timex-Womens-Expedition-Metal-Field/dp/B079J3BHW6/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1527482838&sr=8-3&keywords=women%27s%2Btimex%2Bexpedition%2Bwatch&th=1)
It's so lightweight that I can wear it all day and not find it uncomfortable. I don't have to take it off for working out on my heavy punching bag either.  Why bother with getting distracted by the phone though? There is nothing to browse there besides chat logs. Any jewelry store in a mall will change the battery for like $10, it takes like 15 min Then let a shop do it.  Timex Ironmans are $35 on amazon or rei. The battery in it has lasted me 6 years without replacement  My watched died like a year ago and I still haven’t even bought batteries. So you’re doing better than me.  Ehhh, then I'd miss emails and text messages and calendar notifications.  I also stopped around 15-20 years ago, but because I got my first cell phone and realized I didn't "need" a watch. Got a smartwatch and when I'm not wearing it I realized how much I really rely on it! I set mine to vibrate on the hour to keep me on track. Time anxiety is annoying, but i prefer it over getting lost on the internet for hours at a time. I started with a timex and got an Apple Watch later. It is great to know at a glance what is going on so I can chill out. Had to limit notifications to text apps and work emails during the business hours. Helps a lot! I bought a smart watch so that I don't have to use a phone for all my reminders and time-checking. Here's how owning one goes:

Take it off to shower. Forget to put it back on for a few days, or remember to but don't anyway. Finally do, but the battery is dead. Take it off, put it on charger. Leave it there for several days even though you keep looking at it and thinking about putting it on. Finally put it on, then manage to consistently charge it and wear it for 3 days. Then forget to put it back on after a shower. Wonder where you put it for a week before finding it in the bathroom where you left it in plain view with a "Don't forget!" sticky note days before. Wonder how long it's been there and how it even got there because you don't remember ever wearing it into the bathroom. Battery is dead. You don't have to go anywhere tomorrow so you don't bother to charge it. Forget about it for the next 3 months.

Repeat ad infinitum. Lucky!!! Try a different type of band, try wearing it looser. Digital watch fixed that excuse for me lol Glue a button or some fabric to the back. Is that on the iPhone? How do you set up the tapping to change it back?  Thanks I think I’ll do that... as soon as I find the watch  That's nothing! I love to write that. :\-\) I have a'tough solar illuminator'by Casio. Solar cells. It self\-charges. I should get another just in case they aren't sold any longer. Also has moon phase and tides. So you can link your brain to more unchanging natural cycles :\-\) It has been 11 hours, did you order them?

Do it now do it now do it now do it now. \(My thoughts sometimes....do it now...\) I keep my calendar and texts turned on, I mean apps specifically. But personally, Email and texts don't cause me to spiral into a phone hyperfocus trance the way Reddit, IG or FB can.  E\-mail can be checked once a day. Why more often? Yup! My running watch is a smartwatch too and I appreciate the little heads-up buzzes that let me know when a text comes in.  The addition of that physical notification seems to help reduce the number of get-a-text-and-forget-it occurrences.   Which one do you have? Been looking into getting a smartwatch and would love some recommendations! How do you do that? I took off my watch to charge it and then lost the watch for 6 months... it was sitting attached to my computer the whole time, just mixed into a bundle of other cables.  I just take mine off in the bathroom and put it straight back on when I get out the shower. Also use it to track my heartrate and sleep so always have it on. Use it for timers daily, flashlight, notifications, NFC payments so I stop losing bankcards. Takes about an hour to charge fully and lasts 2 days.  Always buy a watch that is water resistant or proof.  My watch never leaves my wrist.  When I first got married, I kept forgetting to put on my wedding ring. 

Wife was not happy


Now I keep my ring with my belt, so when I get ready for work it's right there. Funny because til this day I still forget it on days where I wear pants that don't need a belt Yeah it's pretty awesome.  I read this manual and it was like I am extremely likely to be time blind.  I was like Don't think so but I bought a watch anyway.  Then I was pretty much right on all my time estimates! : ) Which one do you have? Been looking into getting a smartwatch and would love some recommendations! I don't recommend the one that I have. But, it's an LG Watch Sport. 

I've been hearing great things about the Ticwatch though. And it's rumored that Google is about to release a Google pixel watch. Probably in October.  I just bought a cheap electronic watch from target and made sure it had a vibrate setting. [deleted] Damn. A watch did help me a bit but more that i didn't keep reaching for my phone ave getting extra distracted. Time blindness still pretty real thing for me, my husband can attest to that! My watch is a Garmin forerunner 235.  My friend has the Garmin vivo-something and she really likes it. A lot of the features on Garmins are designed around running but I think there are a lot of other good smart watches out there.   The Ticwatch is what I've been looking at...but this pixel watch though. I might wait for that. Thanks! The anxiety works well don't it?  