Things I know you guys will understand that nobody else seems to TL;DR: ADHD habits that the general public just literally has no grasp of


**1. When I forget things, it's not just "oh I'm forgetful haha it happens" it's because my brain (without my permission) deletes or blocks out things without realizing.**

A few days ago I got a HUGE list of things done, more than I ever have. I was SO PROUD of myself. I was determined to have a perfect day!!!! Then when I got to work I realized I forgot my nametag and had brought ripped stockings with me. I can't have even one day where everything goes right. It. Does. Not. Happen.


**2. When my patience for something boring has run out, my brain has officially decided that I have no energy for this activity and I am DONE, even when I'm not**

Yesterday I was washing dishes and my boyfriend was putting them away. I had been cooking and cleaning all day and didn't want to do it. There were so many to do and he kept putting them back in the sink because they were still dirty. When washing, they looked clean to me. Even if I examined them before they LOOKED clean to me. As soon as he put them back I would notice they had big stains or spots on them....how could I have missed that???


**3. If you overload me with information (ex. 6 paragraphs of texts all at once with either no point or the point is hidden somewhere in paragraph 3), no matter how much I think I understand it, I probably actually don't**


**4. I do not mean to fuck up. You do not understand how much energy I actually put into trying.**

Goes with point 3. A coworker sent me a pagelong text asking to switch shifts within 100000 words of bullshit and random crap I don't care about. I ended up at work very late because she only wanted to switch PART of our shifts. But that would put me at another 12hr shift which I wouldn't have agreed to had her text been to the point and not an essay on stupidity and poor grammar. I didn't just try to shave off a few hours of work. I thought I was being so careful. Nope.


**5. "Organized" work or time takes all of my energy, every time**

Ex. My boyfriend is an electrician. He does a lot of grunt work and comes home exhausted every day. 

I am a cocktail waitress at a resort and though my job is "easy" the amount of mental strain it takes to keep track of my 15 tables, their names, their drinks, prices, etc, and not letting them walk out takes EVERYTHING out of me.

 I do a ton of walking and carrying but tbh my job where I rode and trained horses for 8hrs a day was not as taxing as it is to keep track of people and socialize. 




**6. I try so hard not to screw up. I think I have every little detail down and then things just slip away**

You know this feeling. I do not try to forget to make birthday cards or pay the internet bill. I do not try to forget that you told me not to sit on that chair because the leg has a crack in it. I don't try to forget to eat, make the bed, etc. I know I never forget things that excite me like playing with my rats or dog. These things engage me and make me feel whole. Mundane things kinda just go out the window. But more than anything I really wish I could remember like anybody else. I try so, so hard. I feel. I just got robbed for the second time because I can’t remember to lock my car. Not only was everything taken of mine but also of my boyfriends.
Laptop, wallet, purse, ADHD medicine, 
I’m beyond ashamed. It is both my fault and not my fault but my family doesn’t know jack shit about adhd and if I tried to explain...
They’d just say I was making excuses. 
I’m really really sick of not being able to function like everyone else because I’m not stupid I’m really smart ( I’m not trying to pull an iamverysmart here this is an observation of my therapist)
I’m smart, other people see me as smart, but I can’t function like normal people.
It confuses the hell out of normal people they’re like “ you’re making good grades but you can’t remember to ________”
Insert turn in paper, lock car, pay your bill, take the wet clothes out of the washer machine, put away your trash ect.
 The other day I had picked up a shift, and due to a scheduling issue, I picked up 7:30am - 3:30pm. Ugh. I just cannot do mornings. And *everyone* at work knows this. I usually give them away. So, a few came up to me to offer a swap.

Which became a little overwhelming of itself, because I was also trying to wrap my hours around spending time with an old friend.

Well, I picked a shift to swap. And the next day, a coworker came up to me angrily and got upset with me about how I said I would let her know, and that we had discussed the possibility of a trade.

I had forgotten *all about* our talk until the moment she mentioned it and most of it came back. I felt pretty bad for leaving her hanging like that. :( Ohhh man yeah. I'm book smart but basic adulting life shit stuff escapes me on the reg :/

I'd rather do calculus than go to the post office.

Sometimes I think I should find a physical job that doesn't tax my brain so much I wanna sleep every day when I get off work (I'm a software developer). But I went to school for this shit (wasn't diagnosed til my 30s) and ALLLLMOST graduated even!!! Ugh.  I tried recently explaining to 2 people in a meeting that i couldn't make a decision on the spot because i knew i have an alternative point of view on the matter but i can't access it right now and it won't be available until i'm at home alone in silence talking to myself out loud and they were like waaaat.  for my evaluation I forgot the time of the appointment but remembered the day...I was there i the office at 8:30 for a 10:00 appointment I thought was at 9.... You know, there’s something really funny about this that is also a good lesson.  

I love how your bullet points are all number 1.  Please don’t change it either!  While someone might view that as you messed something up, I find it very funny and appreciate that I can say I’ve done that.   Forgetting things is normal here and there, but when your brain is working against you and you forget the same things day after day, it becomes exhausting and degrading. No one wants this brain that works against finishing basic thoughts and tasks. 
I’m so happy with myself when I go upstairs with a task and I actually do it and come back down to finish my other chores.  If I’m upstairs for less than 5 mins I consider that a success. A couple of days ago I went up to grab something, I went into the room next to the room I needed and started cleaning, within 1-2 mins I realized I’d gotten distracted, went and did what I came for and returned downstairs!!! I was actually happy.  This happens almost every day, if not several times a day.  As I’m writing this is just realized I needed to go somewhere today. Shit. 
I think it’s sad when people say oh yea I forget my keys all the time. But they don’t get that it’s ALL the time. 

I like that you numbered them all  #1s
Speaks to how many important, yet basics, that we have a hard time juggling.  I’ve been lurking on this sub for a bit, and this really hits home. I started looking at it because my husband, after becoming frustrated with me for the hundredth time for not finishing some basic task or losing the thread of our conversation, suggested I might have ADHD. And I’m sitting here like, these stories could have been written about me... damn.  Can I first just say THANK YOU for organizing this so well in an easy-to-read and follow bolded points system with details unbolded.

Usually posts this long I can never get through because it's just a wall of (what my mind sees as) jumbled words. But I really got through yours. 

That being said, sounds like you've learned a great chopping mechanism to write down your thoughts by bolding and using paragraphs. You should be proud of yourself!! ☺️

I get it. You feel like you're winning that day, but then, boom! You make some shit move that you had been so careful not to make. It sucks. I still do that, even on meds. 

We got this, though. We all gotta stick together. Know that our "mistakes" aren't our fault, but our wins our the rewards of us fighting the battles. Keep your head up. There's always tomorrow. 😉 >	Then when I got to work I realized I forgot my nametag and had brought ripped stockings with me. I can't have even one day where everything goes right. It. Does. Not. Happen.


It took a long time for me to realize this but I had to to stop the cycle of judging myself...but here it is:

*A day where everything “goes right” does not exist!*

The sooner you accept that, the sooner you can stop letting mistakes like forgetting your name tag weigh you down. You had a great day! YOU GOT A SHIT TON OF STUFF DONE! That shouldn’t be erased simply bc you forgot some stuff for work. 

I get that it’s frustrating but it really only takes away from what is important: what you did great. 

If you’re focusing on how your “day wasn’t perfect” then you can’t look back on when you kicked ass and try to learn what you did right and how you can set yourself up for success later.

Try to give yourself a break. You’re doing awesome. Number 2 is the biggest fucking issue in my life even on meds The most helpful practice that has now become a habit, is setting 2 alarms on my clock. The first one is for my ADD meds and the second one (an hour later) is for me to wake up. Only draw back is that if I run out of meds I really struggle  The forgetting thing really gets to me. Thankfully it is much better with Adderall. But it was really frustrating when I would genuinely forget something I was supposed to do as a child and get blamed for lying- There were rare cases when under 12 I did lie, but usually not.

The most common is forgetting something literally seconds after hearing it or forgetting something is occuring while it is actively happening. (I.E. someone talking and I will suddenly start talking when I don't mean to.) Or listening to someone and then needing them to say the last 10 seconds over again- which is terrible when it comes to first impressions. There is so much validation in this post. I can’t thank you enough for your amazing way of describing some of what people with ADHD really go through- on a daily basis sometimes! Even on medication, I regularly struggle with most of these things. I know that a large number of people (most of whom are ignorant to this disorder) don’t even believe that ADHD is nothing short of an excuse for people to be lazy and take ‘drugs’.  So, any attempt to explain oneself, usually in defense as to why they forgot x, y, z  for example, is almost always responded with even more personal criticisms, disbelief, and stigmatizing negativity. So infuriating! The good news is that there is more data and research out there that are trying soooo deeply to show the world how real ADHD is! Until things get better, we at least have each other’s backs!  Realize and embrace the fact that you are still a good person despite your imperfections. Hell, at least you try! Some people don’t even bother. Releasing that stress can possibly open up more energy to do things differently rather than just better. And the days that you are able to make changes to make you feel better about yourself should be celebrated! Holy shit I did waiting for a while, I enjoyed it but it was stressful.

I'm terrible with birthdays too... I tell everyone I don't really care about my birthday hoping I won't get cards and shit but I always do so I have to reciprocate... Oh god, the feels. Every point of yours is me. I have enough energy to get done what I *need* to, anything beyond that makes me immediately exhausted. 

I was fucking up my job left and right, and my job is the kind where fuck ups are noticed by *a lot* of people. I felt awful, and work was causing tons of anxiety. 

Now that I’m on medication, work is like a dream. I am FINALLY not fucking up constantly. I feel more confident and like I’ve reclaimed my career. Medication changed my life. Most of these can be avoided by taking charge of the situation in which they occur.

1: For no one.

2: My ex is like that. She is bipolar. Solution, when you are tired, he does the dishes, you dry.

3/4:  Talk to co\-worker, ask to be terse.

5: Waiting on tables is a very demanding job. I wonder if you have a personal system for remembering who ordered what, what table number is where and so on? Do you ID people with 'Mr. Bluecoat' and 'Wall Streeter'?

6: Yellow sticky notes on chair. Connect rats to bed, so you get Bedrats. If you don't make the bed, rats will come and live there. When you play with rats, you don't want them into fights with illegal rats housing in your bed, right? You need to protect them because they can't win from hardened outdoor rats. Connect dogs with eating. When dogs eat, so do you. Dog eats dog. And aren't you their dawg? You owe it to them to eat cause ifg you don't eat. you will collapse while walking them and playing with them and then they have to drag you home .  And is that fair to them?

You have a lousy memory. So you need to make the environment your memory. And associate things toi each other to remember through emotions. Guilt, shame, fear, these all work, as well as love.

When I had guinea pigs I never forgot to feed them. How could I? They were so cute! I completely understand. I'm predominantly inattentive and it's so hard keeping track of more than one thing at a time. Today at work I was supposed to be making expiration date stickers, when a customer walked up to the till. He asked for a specific coffee that we don't brew after a certain time because demand falls off for it, so I was going to have to make a single cup using a slow pour over process. All I had to do was remember to pour a little more hot water over some coffee grounds every 30 seconds or so. It was sitting literally right in front of me. As I'm continuing to make date stickers, customers are sporadically coming in every minute or so. A total of THREE times, I realized it had been over 2 minutes since I checked the pour over, and the grounds had gone dry. By the time I handed off the coffee, I felt like shit. His coffee was probably cold and bitter and it probably made his evening worse. My aggravation because of it was probably noticeable to the other customers coming in. The stickers took me so much longer than usual (remembering what needs stickers and the dates of each). I had three very simple tasks and I couldn't perform any of them adequately. 4 and 6 is what's put me into a state of "should I even keep trying anymore" for several weeks now.

It doesn't matter what's wrong with you or whether or not it's your fault. The majority of the world, including your bosses, your parents, your coworkers, and the people around you doesn't *care*. You're not neurotypical, but you need to be as close to one as possible. Which is, essentially, *impossible*. 

There's only so much you can tell people you're trying to stop making mistakes. I'm constantly pushing myself to do better, but there's always *something* stupid I do or something I misinterpret or say wrong or do wrong or forget. I know my boss and coworkers probably see me as the dumbest person on earth. Maybe not a bad person, but certainly not anywhere close to intelligent. I sometimes wonder if there's more going on than ADD, but then, does it really matter if I can't fix it? If I've tried *everything* to fix it and it doesn't work?

And there's no one to really talk to about it, because anyone who isn't a therapist doesn't give a fuck and therapists need money. 

I tried using a knife the other day. I don't remember exactly if I planned on self harming or killing. I just want it to *stop*. Either make me an actual functioning human instead of a constantly glitching machine, or make it *stop*. Number 6 Breaks my heart. Thats how i feel. I try so hard I know your birthday is next week. But that seems forever from now. I have so much time. Then poof its your birthday. My brain never clicked yes its next week as in 5 days from now. 2 of which you work so you will have to find  time to fit that in. NO instead next week seems like a distant thing and I definitely won't forget. Oh did i send of that form yet.... What does tl;dr mean??  "I try so, so hard."

Part of ADHD is that the harder you try the worse you do. So don't beat yourself up for that.  Fuck that sucks. I'm sorry someone was enough of a scumbag to do that. I read a post on r/vandwelling that someone robbed their van and stole a liter of vodka....but the thief didn't know that they had dosed the vodka with a ton of acid. Instant karma I think. 

Thankfully, I live out in the country where everyone leaves their cars unlocked (and usually their back doors of their houses) so forgetting to lock my car is not an issue. My keys on the other hand....I put a spare valet key in my work bag in case I lose my actual keys. But I might lose that too.

And yes I really do try. I put my W2s in my glovebox and they disappeared. Or I thought I did. Turns out I left them at my mom's house and she gave them to me. A small win. It's just so hard to remember the most important stuff sometimes. Executive disfunction indeed :/  We get it. We're fish trying to tell monkeys why we can't climb trees. I got a call the one day while I was a couple towns away from home with my coworker asking why I wasn't there. He said my other coworker told me I agreed to take her shift on my day off. I was like, uhhh that didn't happen? I would have remembered that. So someone else covered my shift that day.

Turns out that coworker asked me to take her shift while I was working and I nodded and said "Uhuh....sure" but I have literally no recollection of her ever approaching me for that. That conversation just doesn't exist in my head, yano? I don't even know how that happened :/ this is the worst. when you really, genuinely did forget, but the consequences are so severe and affect other people.  I understand the struggle. I dropped out after my first semester of college because I really didn't have the money for it and I was getting so depressed. I'm an artist anyway (I looove woodworking) so that's pretty much my only goal. Either that or to own a huge horse stable....I'm a great horse trainer and problem solver but that's really it. Sitting at a desk all day for work? No thanks. Socializing is my job rn as a cocktail waitress but it takes soooo much out of me. I definitely can't do it forever :/ I understand how you feel to an extent. I’m a software tester, and everyday after work I come home mentally drained. My girlfriend thinks I over exaggerate it, she doesn’t understand how I could be so exhausted when I’m at a desk all day, but she has no idea what it’s like juggling 4 different projects while being interrupted regularly by production support issues. Most days I leave work with my brain leaking out my ears. So very much I may have done this on multiple occasions... That is very funny but on my phone it shows from 1-6. That is hilarious though. In my brain everything I need to do is #1 and it all gets jumbled and overwhelming lol I know!!! My lists make me so productive and it's hard to fight the temptation to do multiple things at once. Even though that always sidetracks me.

I'm hesitant to take meds but I think it may be the best option at this point. The other night I had a dream where I took meds for the first time and it was incredible how clear and controlled my thoughts were. 

I just recently learned that not everyone has a song stuck in their head 24/7/365.....yikes I have always been very good at writing essays. Starting with an outline helps get all my thoughts totally organized and I can just get it out asap. I figured since this is a veeerrryyy specific sub it'd be very difficult for us to read through a wall of text. Even for my daily lists I have to write things in different colors and very formatted to be able to understand what I need to do:) I'm glad it helps!!

I wish I really could have a perfect day. Sometimes if I give only 80% to my day it turns out much better than giving 100%. I make a lot of mistakes. I will slowly get better over time. I'm learning that not everything can be fixed on the first go. It's gonna take a while but I am improving slowly. So slowly. But it's better than nothing at all :) 

My worst problem is the horrific guilt and self defeat I feel when I get almost nothing done when I have a lot of time during the day. That pushes me more to get things done so I can look back on my day and feel some sense of accomplishment. 1 alarm? If I have to get up at 9 I set an alarm for 8, 8:05, 8:10, 8:15, ECT. Then I forget to unplug my headphones. I used to lie a lot when I was a kid. I think my dad has ADHD too and he would cover up for me a lot because he felt bad. It's hard to break that habit but now I am learning of my own disappointment vs others'. 

I would much rather make myself proud first than try to please my family. What's really awesome is when I'm proud and show off my completed lists to my boyfriend, he understands it's simple to him but it makes him happy too. 

I also try not to let down my dog lmao. If I am feeling way too lazy/distracted to take him for a long walk all it does it hurt him and leave him with a ton of energy. I can't let him down like that! What's the worst to me is that in the past couple of weeks, discovering I have ADHD has given me a new grasp on how to solve my problems, but my family grew up with me being "lazy, disorganized, and scatterbrained" so it is a flaw in my character rather than a mental problem. 

I am trying to tackle my problems and make myself proud. I'm worried that if I start medication my mom will just think I'm trying to get drugs (as lame as that is). I grew up close with a cousin who had BAD ADHD-- He was a classic male example of it. Disruptive, high energy, sometimes destructive for no reason, sensitive emotions to where he threw tantrums, struggled in school so his parents studied with him all the way through highschool.


It's true that I never gave a fuck about my homework, even in highschool, but I still got good grades. I still wouldn't give a fuck about homework lol. But that's part of the problem. To everyone else I am just someone who gets bored and would rather play with their dog or go hang out with someone. To me homework was just like expending my energy and focus on random crap that would leave me too tired to do fun things. Combined with a huge lack of focus.

I do want meds, but I'm scared to consult. Even though I was in therapy for years (I'm 20 now) I NEVER brought up focus or attention issues because I believed and was told it was due to laziness so I never saw it as worth discussing. 

Hopefully I can soon find someone who will understand. I'm one of the most senior workers in my department now so my boss and coworkers kind of rely on me to keep things in order. When I screw up they're like...how??? Why??? Such as mixing up my weekly schedules (one day I came in 3 hours late because I read the wrong schedule). It happens, they think I'm just goofy and scattered. And I am, but they don't know how hard I actually try to do it right. Life just messes with me sometimes
 What's funny is when remembering tables my system is exactly like that. In the dining room tables are numbered so it's easy. Even a year later for some very nice people I will always remember their drink orders and surprise them with that.

For the game room with no table numbers, I do use silly descriptions. "Short lady red hat grey hoodie" I will abbreviate in the corner as "sh L rhat GH" and maybe right "far right corner long table" where the table number would go. If people want to divide a check I put stars next to drink orders that will be moved to another check. Silly systems like that work well for me it seems.


Also like in the dining room at dinner for my section I will write down every single table and cross them off or circle them as I check them and they either order or don't want drinks. 

As for sticky notes maybe I should do that. My house will be COVERED in sticky noted but maybe that will work lol 


And I totally relate to the pet thing...
My rats are so funny and cute and I am always checking on them. I never forget to clean their cage or give them fresh water and food. I may forget to eat lunch but I will always remember to give them some peanuts and veggies throughout the day lmao. Please don't hurt yourself :( I used to have an eating disorder and cut myself a lot. A lot of my self hate I ended up directing with violence towards myself. Bulimia developed because when I got angry, my fuck you to the world was puking til I saw blood. I hurt myself over and over every day for years until I learned that's all it was. Nobody got hurt but me, and it was a cycle. Puking and self harm never made anything better. So I stopped both. I try to use my anger in more productive ways. Sometimes I turn into a tornado of house cleaning, other times I make myself go on grueling runs. Sometimes when exercise doesn't do it I just go for a looooong ride around in my car and get myself lost way out on the back roads.

But I certainly understand it. I'm neurotypical enough that my whole life I have been well liked but there is something I am great at hiding. And because I am so good at acting normal people have no interest in hearing about my mental issues.

And for the therapy thing, I get you. I went to 7 or 8 different therapists anf none of them got it right save for my school counselor in highschool who I was forced to see twice a week. He had seen and heard it all so nothing I said ever shocked him. It was a huge relief to tell him everything and not worry about him being like "well damn don't you think that's a little extreme?". Most other therapists just sent me to their psychiatrists and tried to get me on meds as fast as possible to solve my issues like that. It made me feel like I was never being heard. Antidepressants briefly ruined my life so that is where I will draw the line.

But if you ever feel the urge to hurt yourself you can PM me. I won't try to stop you from it because you're an adult, but I can tell you stupid jokes and understand your woes. Too long;didn't read So then stop trying? Wut? I would love to hear the thieves’ version of that vodka story hahaha ...this just triggered some memories I had forgotten about of exactly the same thing. The shame I felt back then (I didn't know I had adhd) made me repress it I think.

My wife does it too; she was once at a family birthday party with our toddler which I didn't attend. It was all our family and close family friends. My sister's in-laws invited her to a bbq to which she agreed, and then utterly forgot about. A couple weeks later we're out and about and she gets a call asking her where she is. She looks at me with horror. My sister was pissed and said that they did the bbq especially for her, and we were so far away we couldn't make it in a reasonable time. They've pretty much hated us ever since. I wonder some days how long I can keep at this job.... my meds \(strattera\) better kick in quick, I only have a few days left on the ramp up period. Whao that is odd!  2-6 always get forgotten about anyway lol Oh haha, I thought you did it on purpose.  Dam... I’ve had a few decades to get to this point 😏 ugh. this hurt me to read. especially worse since they are not understanding. I’m on strattera too, it took about 4 weeks before I started noticing it. I felt like I was a constant let down to my team and was sure I was going to be fired at any moment before I started taking meds, that was last August. I think I’m on track to get promoted in the next couple months now, the meds have definitely been a game changer for me. 

I hope the meds kick in for you soon too, I know how hectic a dev’s job can get. If you just started on strattera, the nausea and fatigue side effects can be rough. Taking the meds later in the evening after eating dinner helps with that.  I noticed it made me nauseous to take w/o food so I started taking it at night, so I'll be asleep and nausea won't bother me.

It's supposed to be "officially kicked\-in" as of yesterday. I'll spend a little while evaluating how I feel and if I still can't focus I may push to switch to a stim. 