You guys ever read something over and over and it never sinks in? I find myself reading text for school and then realize I didn’t actually absorb it so I re-read it, sometimes multiple times, in order to capture it.  However, a few minutes later I try to remember what I read and it’s gone.  It’s beyond frustrating.

Any suggestions ? If I catch myself doing this it helps to stop, look up, and do something to give your brain a quick break like walking around the room or looking out the window.  If it's important I'll grab paper and a pen and write down the main points of what I'm reading in my own words, or try to explain what I just read to an imaginary person.  But the stopping trying part is crucial, once I'm in that rut I find trying harder digs me deeper.  I have to break contact with the material for a bit to reset.  There have been countless times  my eyes reached the bottom of a book page just as I find out I started daydreaming less than halfway through it. There are also the moments when, for whatever reason, the grammar of a sentence just completely baffles me until I've read it several times and just given up on understanding it. Then it suddenly clicks a few sentences later. I put up with it and keep reading because it's better than letting my brain run on the same train of thought repeatedly. Yep, oh geez, this was one of the things that actually led to my diagnosis. I can literally read stuff aloud and not absorb any of it, it somehow just bypasses my brain entirely. Here’s some stuff I do now, although medication has also helped me:

* Read it multiple times. First skim, to get the gist, then read more in-depth. 
* Highlight everything. I use multiple colours with no real colour code, the key is just to make things stand out, so the text grabs your attention better. Alternate colours to break up walls of text. 
* Take notes while reading. The most effective way I’ve found to do this is to make flowcharts/mind maps of how different ideas in the text relate to each other. Margin notes can also help; eg write the key idea beside each paragraph. 
* Read it aloud to yourself and record yourself reading, then play back the recording while following along with the text. Having both audio and visual input can help engage your attention better.

Sometimes none of this works and I still get stuck, but this does help. If you’re having a really bad time at some point, you may have to just step away and take a break, which is something I didn’t really internalize for myself until I started grad school. 

If you have friends/peers who are studying the same material, consider forming a study group. You can read the text together and then discuss it as you go along. That way, you can also explain concepts to each other if you’re having a hard time grasping them.

I hope that something I’ve suggested here is helpful to you! Good luck with your studies! 


 But yet you can remember some random junk you read once on Wikipedia 3 years ago that has no real value to your life I do this all the time. When I do, I find that a few things help:

1) Take a break for a while. No sense wasting time if you're not absorbing the material anyway.

2) Get rid of distractions like music, TV, etc.

3) Read it out loud.

4) Use your finger to follow the words you're reading.

5) Take periodic notes, even if you don't have to. Read it out loud while tracing with your finger. Seriously. This is the reason I dropped out of 1st year engineering. First semester my marks were not great, but I survived. I had a feeling that it was starting to get away from me second semester. I had programming at 8 am and i missed that class a few times sleeping in, and I missed most free lab time for the same reason. Most of my marks were borderline. I was also constantly stressed about failing.

I had been doing an engineering assignment that took about an hour, mostly due to the strict formatting requirements. The math was fine, but I finished the assignment. I proofread the sheet, and I didn't understand what I had written. This was a classic symbol of how my entire 2nd semester was going. I spoke to my friends and family about everything and the next day, I withdrew.

I had a decent job for a few years, and eventually got into a trade. My career didn't really start until 30. I love my work and I can use it anywhere. I wasn't diagnosed until 41. This happens to me a lot, so I try to just read it really slowly. A lot of my problem is that I can read the words MUCH faster than I can comprehend the sentence and I just get ahead of myself. I'd find a developmental optometrist and get an assessment to be sure your eyes are working well with your brain.  Long ago, seeing a developmental optometrist improved this for me.

Are you on medication now?

 What I often do is try to make it practical. So for example when I needed to learn how some algorithm worked I implemented it myself in code. Not sure how to apply this outside of computer science though. All the effing time -- it's especially problematic if what I'm reading is boring. My eyesight runs over the letters like water off a duck's back.  i’ve been learning to drive for 6 fucking years!! This is one of the things that really stumped me in Physics in school (I wasn't diagnosed then), and it's only really occurred to me recently, but I could never remember the definitions of laws and things. I'd get halfway through the definition and have forgotten the first part.  Yeah it was called graduate school. The Irispen was a good send for me when I was in school. Since history writers tend put the main idea at the front of the paragraph, I would scan the first sentence of most of the paragraphs and use them in my notes as anchors of information in the chapters. Me on the final section of my LSAT today :( Happy to report the other sections went quite well, though.  I'm going to throw this out there because I came up with it like a week ago and its been surprisingly working pretty well for me. There's no real science behind it but this is how I like to imagine it:

When I read a page and realize nothing is actually being processed, or I find myself losing focus, I think 2 things are happening. I like to split what my brain is doing here into 2 parts:


1. Part of my brain (lets say half) is looking over the words and actually reading each sentence. It glides over the page and I hear each word in my head.

2. The other half of my brain (the most important part) is not actually following along or paying attention to what is being read. INSTEAD, its picturing/thinking about something completely different. It could be anything: a memory, song, person, whatever.
When i finish the sentence/page I catch myself thinking about that other thing, and whatever I just read is completely missed.


SO, what I've been to doing to fix this is really simple. When I start reading a page, I tell myself I'm going to use both parts of my brain. That means I'm going to read the sentences, and most importantly, I am going to picture whatever it is that I am reading in my head at the same time. I actually see the mental image in my mind, and to me it feels like I'm really focused.

There it is. Give it a try if you want. Its pretty easy and its the first thing I've done that actually does a decent job at working. Yep, but sometimes I have to find it explained another way. Because sometimes the explanation I'm reading just isn't clicking. I do better with seeing something done anyway. Praise Youtube at 1.5x. Try this... use the voice recorder on your app and record yourself reading the book out loud. That way, you have an "audio book" version that you can listen and relisten to until it sinks in. 

This was the only way I can learn boring text book stuff when I was in school. Reading is very boring to me and since it's boring, my brain always drifted off while reading, therefore I could never remember what I read. However, I could remember it if I listened to the audio. 

If you have a digital.version of the book, you can use the Text to Speech feature in your reader app... that is, if the app has that feature. 

Try it out and let us know how it works for you.  Literally couldn't read my textbook longer than 30 seconds without getting distracted and when i could read i was just looking at the words no matter how hard i tried I'm in college and it took me 5 hours to read through a 30-page chapter before I was diagnosed/medicated. The subject was accounting, which isn't very visual at all, so I had a hard time grasping the concepts. Growing up I was hugely into fantasy books with vivid descriptions, and thinking now, I probably read so much because the types of books I read allowed me to paint my mind with a colorful imagination. 

Most books I read now are business-related and they're very dry. Motivational, but dry. I've probably read so much on the same topic but it never sticks because I can't picture what it would pan out as in reality. I solve this the same way I solve most ADHD related problems. Writing things down. I take notes on EVERYTHING if I want to remember ANYTHING. When reading, if it's not important I take bullet point notes. When I re-read my bullet points the entire reading comes back to me. If it's a longer passage I take full sentence notes of the concept when I understand something. 

This works for almost anything in my life. Studying math, make bullet points as soon as I understand a concept. Need to remember an appointment, write down that when it is and why. (the why part just helps me remember for some reason.

Basically my mind only works when I have a solid amount of physical information. Because my mind only half works I have the other half written on paper. I was studying for a Microsoft certification, and there was a sentence in the book that said "the active directory directory services directory server..."
 
Took a while to get that to sink in. Happened to me with this title. Lol My memory is a funny thing. It doesn't matter how many times I try to study for something, it just doesn't stick. But after a couple of weeks, months and even years it just pops up when the memory is triggered by something.

Maybe it's similar to you too? Thank you all so far, all the suggestions have been great !

Actually looking forward to my study session tonight to test these haha I read with my finger.

Then I repeat (summarize) what I just read later. This is me 100% when I'm off my medication. Are you taking anything for it? I noticed the most of times i don’t understand something in english is because i just read it without actually reading it. I solves this reading out loud, and when i mean loud i mean myneighborscanhearit loud Are you taking meds? It really helps me a lot with it Yeap from grade 4 to 12 I think it's not just limited to people with ADHD.
Probably everyone has memory retention issues, regardless of their chemical make up.
If you're having a big problem like you're losing chunks of information, eg; reading an entire chapter and it being gone, then there are things you can do to help yourself study. (note taking)

Academic reading is hard, and there are techniques to remembering and things you just read.
Of course things that are boring or uninteresting to you, your brain isn't going to deem as important, so it just zones out and discards the information as unnecessary. 

Summarizing paragraphs and sentences helped me a lot. Basically it was like translating each page/paragraph or sentence into my own language.
When you get invested enough in a subject you can get a good enough understanding of it to do the notes chapter by chapter.

Absorbing information while studying is hard enough, but having ADHD does make it more difficult. But you can definitely overcome these things!

Remember, if you're getting frustrated, take a break. Come back to it later. 10 or 15 minute breaks are best!


Google: 
academic note taking
academic reading help
academic reading techniques/methods
 this is me all day, every day. I cannot improve it. IF you find a way, please let me know.
 I literally read this title three times and then laughed at myself.  this happened to me a lot...it would be so hard to read and understand and remember anything but the stuff i was most deeply interested in. when i was diagnosed and put on medications the problem went away. it was so drastic and amazing that i could actually read boring bland stuff and remember it with complete recall afterwards. if you stop fidgeting and don't move at all just let your eyes read and relax your body it's easier  This is the reason why I almost got held back in high school. Looking back on it, I *always* had trouble with my homework. I would have trouble comprehending what I'm reading and then lose focus because of it. It is incredibly frustrating having your brain work against you like this and, to make matters worse, adults often believe we are lazy for not finishing up our work. 

The only suggestion I can provide is that you can listen to music while you work. Not just school work, too. I'd recommend trance music, by the way. Or, at least, something that doesn't have any lyrics or a crazy upbeat tempo. 

Hope this helps!

 All the time man Is it just me or this problem gets harder as I get older? All the time.   A couple of weeks ago I was reading a document at work, I need to grasp it before I went responded back to an employee.  It didn't matter how many times I read it it wouldn't sink in.   I was getting so agitated.   The document should have taken 5-10 minutes to read but I spent a good hour trying to grasp it.  I felt so impaired, it freaked me out.  I genuinely thought I was stupid. 

But if a song came on that I haven't heard in 20 years or so I remember every word.  What's up with that?  LOL.  Only way I've found (and which presents its own issues) is taking notes as I go. Something about writing it down helps.  So many times.  All the times. Well always treat it as a question and you should answer it in your own words. I hope this help This right here is exactly how I finally realized, on my own (after my parents suspected for years) that I had a true issue and needed help (meds). I was taking a high school history class- not a strong subject for me anyway- and would spend HOURS reaching one chapter just trying to get it to sink in. I finally approached my parents one night in tears and asked if we could go to a doctor and get me diagnosed.  I agree that you probably need a break here. I find that one of my biggest challenges as an ADHD student is how quickly I stop learning when I'm studying on my own.

After you take a break (preferably including getting up and walking around and completely not thinking about the work for a few minutes), my recommendation is to read it aloud. Speaking the words helps increase learning and retention.

If that still doesn't work, but it's an important point, read it and rewrite it in your own words, just as if you were taking notes during a class lecture.

Good luck, and I hope you find what works for you! This was the test I did the worst on when being diagnosed.  7th percentile - due to compromised working memory/short term memory.  Long term memory works great though so even with a reading disability and failing horribly on this test, my vocabulary/general knowledge scores were great.  

This is why we need to constantly remind ourselves of tasks, keep going back to lists, etc. Read it out loud! I don't remember a lot of basic information like the current month or the order of the months, but I build complex software for a living. I simply don't remember things unless they are frequently useful. Try writing down what you're reading. I always find that helpful. If it's a lot to read just write down the key words  To avoid just echoing you in a different comment, i kinda wanna add on to this a little bit. This is gunna be very personal anecdote-y.
As a little background I always loved reading as a kid and would fly through books trying to absorb as much story as quick as possible. The characters and stories were something i was heavily interested in and could easily put my full attention into the task.
Growing up and living in the adult world however, with most reading material becoming heavy school work i may or may not care about at the time. Endless job applications, workplace memos, complicated contracts, and banking....
Its a much different way of reading than blowing through a book you actually enjoy.


Now for the part that actually helps me: 
Like buddy said, write shit down, to expand on that, if they are your textbooks(and dont mind hurting the resale value) get to highlighting and underlining aswell.

Now for the whole reason i explained that stupid backstory. 
Flying through books gave me bad reading habits that didnt really apply to college textbooks and contracts. I found that taking time to literally read things word for word in my head with intention helps alot. As easy as it is to scan and speed read through it, its goin to end up with you re reading it more times than you probly need to(repetition is key but dont wanna waste time)
 Bring the book as you get up to avoid forgetting what you where doing and wandering off. It aggravates me that my wife and I will be reading something on a screen together and she finishes and I’m still half way through.  

 There's an article right now on reddit stressing how reading aloud is one of tge vest methods of memo retention.  This. Or, if you can copy/paste the text into a speech reader, or activate the feature on your computer, have it read aloud to you. Luckily, I had an ebook for a text book on database theory and having my computer read the text to me was the ONLY way I passed that course. Just tried this. It works wth I wasn't diagnosed until many years later, but I wish I did what you did in grad school.  Grad school wasn't for me, and I never really came to terms with that until just recently.  I guess I didn't want to be a quitter, but it would have been a correction in my life, not a failure.   I think that’s what happens to me; I am an extremely fast reader as well Yeah; adderall, Prozac and ambien(if needed, but I take it rarely).  Never thought of that but will look into it  Every time I take a test I have to immediately jot down any notes, equations etc or I risk forgetting them  Partially unrelated thing; I would find that memories of thoughts, or of reading something that I learned, or solving a problem, having an idea, writing something in my head (to write down later, like a poem or something - these I have to go over and over to make sure that I do remember them though, but it's usually an escape from a mind numbing task in reality that doesn't need thought so it works fairly well) or whatever are sort of often "recorded" in pairs, so to speak, associated with either the imagery of a place where I was when I had the thoughts/learned the thing etc, or as seems to be more often the case as I've gotten older, with other internal imagery that I seem to be thinking of at the same time, often completely unrelated, but useful in helping me recall the original memory.    
  
I used to use it to place when or where I was when the thinking took place etc and by extension when where something else was that I know happened in proximity (eg. the same day in the same place perhaps), but the internal imagery pairing thing has been reducing the utility of that as I've then no idea where I was at that time as a result. 
  
 I've wondered if it's a usual thing for others also, but have never heard it mentioned anywhere before at least, but it'd be nice to bounce thoughts off someone else who experiences this.   This is me! Yeah I take adderall XR 25.  It helps but I’m trying to not become so dependent on it you on meds, I hope? Diagnosed? No. Same for me. Not for all maybe.  I just echo'd everything everyone in this thread wrote probably.. I should read the comments before I jump in to help LOL In addition to the two commenters advice above, my first port of call when this happens is to firstly read it aloud, a few times if necessary, which oft times gets me over the hump for that particular section, sometimes following up with writing it down and paraphrasing as per the advice above also. Yeah, I had never thought this would ever actually work for me, I can get sorta impatient to just absorb the information, so things like podcasts when they're the only format the info is in can be frustrating for me, but on trying it a couple years back for the first time I found there are times when it is indeed truly helpful. Pretty much the times when I can't absorb, same situation as OP laments.  Funny story, actually the second time failing university! I also failed 1st year biology/physiology when I was 18, and then stopped attending after passing 2nd year (barely!), 2 years later. Crippling debt had a factor in it too. It's quite ironic how we can convince ourselves of things we want that are antithesis to what we need. That's a pretty powerful combination.  I'm not surprised focus/comprehension is an issue.

Prozac is an SSRI and ambien is a hypnotic. The consequences of long term use of an SSRI aren't good.   Hypnotic use has side effects as well.

If you haven't already, read about the consequences of long term use of both.  I'd definitely recommend experimenting with drugs with fewer side effects.  I know that's easier said than done...

 I think you make a compelling point and I would agree with you: any new thought or information that one is trying to store in their memory would be done more effectively if they paired it, as you say, with their immediate surroundings or an already rooted idea.

This is the first real time where I can say I'm consciously using this internal image pairing as a technique as oppose to whatever default method my mind usually uses, so I can't yet report its effectiveness and compare it to your experience. But I understand the potential deficiencies of trying to record new thoughts in a vacuum of sorts long term.

However, the immediate results of this technique are really remarkable to me. The tendency to lose focus when trying to read/study because of an absent mind that many people, even those without ADHD, experience can be really frustrating. I've tried many other techniques such as writing down notes and reading out loud with limited success. I really attest it to just my mind not being in the present moment usually.

I know when I explained in my original post the reasoning and technique was based off me thinking of my mind using 2 parts. One reading the words and the other using internal images. However, do you think the mind is capable of 3 separate actions?
1 to read, and then 1 to combine with an internal image while at the same time pairing it with a memory or something in the immediate vicinity. This sounds like a lot of effort to do while just reading so it might not be realistic, but logically it could solve the issue you raised Meds unfortunately never helped this. . 