I had an idea I was driving home from work, listening to music, and thinking of random things (as I often do) and I realized that I have lots of thoughts and ideas for various things (apps to make, hobbies that would be fun to pick up, single lines for a poem or song, etc...) that I think once and never remember again.

I decided that *that* is a problem that I should remedy, maybe I should write down all my ideas. "Oh I could use Google keep for that. Oh yeah, I have an ideas list on there, but that's a Spotify app idea list. Maybe I should make multiple lists and make an **Idea** category. Wait, should I make different kinds of ideas categories?! This is too complicated, forget it".

What even was my original idea? I have no idea. I had like 5 great ideas during the drive and the only one I remembered was to post how frustrating living like this is. And that is the reason why i never end then projects(programming) that i start. They start easy but when you go farther i start to add features when even the main part is far from finished  then it turns too complicate whereby i give up and end up frustrated :c I have a document in my Google docs just called "random ideas" I write stuff down and it comforts me that I can move those ideas forward, not have the same ones again and again 

for stuff on the go, I have my own phone number in my phone and I tell the digital assistant to send me a text message and I get the basics via speech to text My trick to this: Keep the first step simple! If you try to fit the idea into its perfect place, you'll lose it and get distracted to boot. First, write it down in a catch-all bucket, THEN figure out (maybe later) where it goes. The bucket will be messy, but your thoughts will be there and not lost.

I use a basic Memo app on my phone. I create as many notes as needed. Some remain one-off notes, many become a category like "Online shopping list", "Neighbors and Dogs", "Home Depot etc.". There's one called "Ideas and Inspirations" where I write down any interesting thought I've had, pun, joke, or something to wonder about. The point is, I can get that thought down before it vanishes. Then later I can move it or create a calendar entry or whatever. YES I have dozens of notes in no particular order. But thanks to the note title, I can find things reasonably well, and I know I have it down SOMEwhere.

Here's the last entry in my notes page, it applies to us all: "I've forgotten that like it was yesterday."  And others: "Primate Party Time - Ookin' and Jukin'", "Sugarcaine: numbs the pain from sticky sweet movies and television", "The Land that Mime Forgot". And one more for us ADDers: "A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. A journey of a thousand miles ends with a single squirrel." 