Adderall is making me antisocial so I need a bit of help I've been on adderall since 5th grade when I was diagnosed with ADHD. I'm 17 now and still on it at a dose of 30mg XR per day. When school started this year, I wasn't taking it up until about a month ago. When I started using it again, my grades went up, I handed in more homework, and did much better in general academically than when I was off of it. Typical improvements you would see from this medication. 

But the issue here is the amount of socializing I do when off of adderall vs when I am on it. When I stopped taking it for those weeks, I noticed I mingled much more with people. I made the initiative to talk to friends first, play video games with them, talk to new people, etc. 

Now being back on it, I have **no** ambition to socialize. (and I wouldn't say  its anxiety causing this). I dont respond to texts as much, I keep to myself, and make hardly effort to talk to people at all. I don't really feel lonely either though, as opposed to being off of it and being entertained by talking to friends. I feel when Im on adderall, nobody really matters except myself. I focus on the work I need to do and kinda block out everything else. It puts me in a different state of mind.

But all my life I believed that was just my personality, since I've been on adderall as far back as I can remember. So I discovered I really am a more sociable person, but its the medication Im on that is holding me back. 

I guess Im just looking for a little guidance from here. I don't want to stop taking it because I really do need it to focus and do the things I am supposed to, but I need a way to work past this antisocial mindset when Im on it. I've tried the non-stimulant alternatives but nothing even comes close to adderall. Should I see a doctor for meds that can maybe "even me out"? Is this even normal? I've been reading online that many people experience increased empathy on adderall while for me its almost the opposite.

Anyway, Im just looking for suggestions on what to do. I feel I need to change this before I grow up with no friends left. Thanks for reading This [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/59ftoj/i_have_been_on_vyvanse_for_five_years_now_the/) has a very similar question so I will [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/59ftoj/i_have_been_on_vyvanse_for_five_years_now_the/d989sgi/) and quote my own answer. 

>I want to help you however, so I will try to give you some perspective on things. You started medication at a young age, that is actually amazing! You parents clearly care about you to want to help you, even if may bother them you need medication or the stigma that ADHD has. You are lucky in that sense. Also, know that, the possibility that you have outgrown ADHD exist. Specially if you received early treatment (it increases the chances of your brain improving!). So you should consider getting re tested, rather than just quitting your medication and not involving anyone. You can still do this if you choose to, but you can do so while being more informed. You need to be mature about this because it is important, the more information you have better decisions you can make. Talking to a doctor won't hurt you a bit.
Something I want you to think about is that a lot of people quit their medication, only to regret it and come back in a few years. But now they have developed depression, and have poor self confidence for not managing their symptoms well, and feeling bad about having a condition. Again, if you want to quit this a real scenario you may go through. I would consider really seeing a doctor before making the decision. Nothing to lose, really!

>The last thing I want to tell you is that you are right to be concerned, and what you experience is completely valid. ADHD medication does repress emotion, and a lot of people say they get that blunted feeling from it (or are zombie like). This is a real thing. A lot of people decide to quit for that reason, if dealing with is not worth it for you then definitely quit. I am not sure exactly about what you mean about losing your personality however, because it is such an abstract thing. Will the personality you had as a child come back? I don't think so.

>The only certainty in life is constant change. Wanting to go back to a time where you had some better self esteem may cause more problems than you think. If this is the real reason you want to consider quitting medication then you really should see a therapist, and a doctor and inform them about your decision. I am sure your problems will understand if you want to make an informed choice, rather than just quit.
Good luck!


Basically you should consider the tradeoff for yourself, talk to your doctor and a therapist. You can switch to other medications, like non stimulants that won't have the emotional bluntness aspect of Adderall, but you may have outgrown you ADHD as well if you have been taking it for awhile, so maybe possible you can do it without, albeit some effort initially. 

 Best thing I could say to do is go to a psychologist. I have depression and with the meds I felt like I could actually talk to people, and do so now. 

Or you can change meds to something else. Whats been working for me is Guanfacine. Not only can it be used for ADHD, but it also could be took for anxiety (Also have social anxiety). 