How does your ADHD affect your experience with online text books? I was diagnosed with ADHD about 3 years ago and have finally decided to go back to my psychiatrist for further treatment (appointment is next week!) I am in my third year of university and have come to despise the use of online text and text books. I find myself staring at a screen full of words or down right forgetting to do the assignment because it’s online. Because I’ve been away from professional discretion for 3 years, I was wondering what your guys’ experiences have been with online learning tools and whether or not they have been positive or negative? I love, love, LOVe the ability to ctrl-F for terminology and peices of stuff I remember reading *somewhere* in an e-textbook.

I also love not having to physically carry it around, because mostly when I'd carry physical textbooks back and forth from home/school I'd rarely open or read them anyway.

However, yes it's way harder to read. I will often print out small sections at a time, which helps. It's also good to read on a large screen with very low brightness (to reduce eye strain). Bought one of my books as an ebook because it was $80-something vs. $200-something (& ya girl has two other classes with expensive ass books).

I regret it so much. It is so fucking hard to read. I really, really wish I would have just paid for the print book. OMG! Yes!! I'm so happy to see someone post about this. I absolutely cannot focus on online textbooks.  I have one class this semester that has an online textbook.  It's interactive and has participation activities in the reading.... which makes it slightly better.  But I usually can't focus on the reading and just use the answer key to answer the activity questions because I can't focus.


I do so much better when I have a physical textbook in front of me... I honestly just try to manage with the one I have for this class now.  I definitely don't think I'm picking up any of the material when I'm reading though. I hate online textbooks. I don't know why but they're impossible for me to study out of. I'm normally a very fast reader with good comprehension but textbooks on a screen drain my will to read. I just stare at the words without absorbing anything. I function a lot better all around when I'm using actual paper for textbooks, notes, and practice problems.  I found quite a few things that helped me out when I was in college. Some we're already mentioned but I'll just make a fat list and fix the formatting when I get on my computer later. 

1. I set up the text to speech feature. It's.easier to follow along. I also set up a special hot key (Ctrl+R=read it to me!)  I have a Mac, there are ways to do it on a PC I'm sure. You can even turn it into an audio track, saved to iTunes.  https://www.wikihow.com/Activate-Text-to-Speech-in-Mac-OS-X

2. F.lux makes it so much easier to read.https://justgetflux.com/ alternatively you can change the settings to make your display a warmer, yellower tone.

3. Read on a iPad, or other tablet. Enlarge the text and scroll. I liked the slightly bigger screen of the iPad better. You can also set you your iPad to read to you.

4. Rent the book.  But also go to your accessibility office and request a PDF copy of the book. They get them from the publisher. You just have to show that you paid for the book (rent or buy). This way you can read the actual book, but have your computer read it to you. So many options depending on your mood...

5. Copy the TOC for the chapter you're working on, and turn it into a study guide/outline in MS Word, then print it and takes notes while you read. It helps. It works great for a study guide later too. 

6. Snagit, for taking notes on your computer. Check with your accessibility office, they might be able to hook you up. https://discover.techsmith.com/snagit-brand-desktop-guarantee-jan/?gclid=Cj0KCQiAzMDTBRDDARIsABX4AWzxD5n1w7FlFuIu6IflhAhVIDolCx02V5omkZAPrJ2owrIR5IP4V90aAvreEALw_wcB

7. Print that shit. Sometimes you just have to, and that's why they give you a print quota! When you run out, ask your friends to print it for you! Lol
 
8. Ask the people in your accessibility office if they have any other ideas. They do this for a living, I bet they have some tips you've never heard of! 

 Try this!! Get an app for your computer that cuts out the blue light on the screen. For Mac the program I use is f.lux but I'm sure you could find one on Google for whatever operating system you're into. 

This helps me be able to stay more focused and less like my eyeballs are being melted.. worth a try if using a free app. However I do go with the text option when I can. I've always sucked at online or hybrid classes. It's so much easier to procrastinate on it when it doesn't exist in physicality. And the online text is a double whammy. It's a physical strain to read from online and I don't know why. I get this agitation deep inside me as I'm reading. Not only that but my comprehension sucks because it's so hard to force myself to do this. I cannot focus on reading generally but especially with online texts. I print out all the pdf readings, and for books, I either buy it if I can afford it or get it through interlibrary loan. The only thing is you can't annotate those, but I usually photocopy the most important sections and mark them up. I love them. My honorable computer science predecessors have cracked DRM protections and uploaded free pdf versions of all my course textbooks. Plus I enjoy wasting time reading on the computer, so reading a textbook on the computer feels similar. I can read short passages of online articles I already know something about. Long articles I just need to read in print. When teachers give us articles to read, no matter how long, I print them out so I can mark the text while reading and write short summaries. Doing two things at once (marking/doodling and reading) helps me focus better. When I have trouble concentrating, I often also read the text aloud. It works! I select everything I read so that when I get distracted I can come back and pick up where I left it.  I switched to an online degree program, in large part due to to my ADHD. It has been a dream to work at my own pace when I want, and not have to sit in a lecture auditorium listening to other ask stupid questions b cause they came unprepared and are not really listening. 

That said....online textbooks are the worst for our condition. I now buy the hardback version whenever possible. The only downfall is that the online versions often come with richer resources and learning solutions that aren’t available in the printed version. But I think having something tangible to hold, makes a world of difference in my ability to stay focused.  I switched to an online degree program, in large part due to to my ADHD. It has been a dream to work at my own pace when I want, and not have to sit in a lecture auditorium listening to other ask stupid questions b cause they came unprepared and are not really listening. 

That said....online textbooks are the worst for our condition. I now buy the hardback version whenever possible. The only downfall is that the online versions often come with richer resources and learning solutions that aren’t available in the printed version. But I think having something tangible to hold, makes a world of difference in my ability to stay focused.  Control F is the best thing ever!! [deleted] I'm not a huge fan of online text books for extended reading, their great as some people mentioned for quickly searching but its hard for me to sit and read full chapters when their on a screen. What I do is use free printing at school and print chapters I need off, its not as good as a hardback but you can scribble notes on them which is nice. I love online textbook! Because my handwriting is horrible, i love to copy some part of notes and remade into my personal ones That was one option I was hoping to be able to do, but because the rules/styling in journalism are constantly changing my prof required that we obtain this new and updated version despite very little significant changes were made 🙄 Back when I was in college, I used to print out any readings that were online, even though it was sort of expensive and wasted a lot of paper. That's if we didn't have the option of buying the book in print. I just can't process the information in the same way when reading it online. I need a physical book to study out of.  I usually find PDFs of mine and use Drawboard to annotate them. I couldn't do it otherwise.  I can't do ebooks for textbooks - for my current grad program I suck it up and buy the hard copy textbook and the PDF if available.  I like being able to ctrl+F to rapidly find keywords in the PDF, but for actual reading I *need* a hard copy.  Fortunately my employer reimburses me for textbooks, so the cost isn't as much of a concern as it might otherwise be.  

Even for things like journal articles, test standards, etc. I need to print out a hard copy and read it.  My desk at work is full of stacks of paper copies of things like that.  

I'm glad that I went through my undergrad prior to ebooks being available (margins of texts that I kept for reference are full of doodles!).   Cost-wise it would be really tempting to rent the ebook rather than buying the hard copy.  

Weirdly, for non-academic leisure reading I'm usually OK with Kindle books - haven't bought a hard copy book for myself in several years.  Even then, if I get into the book I have no problem reading it and concentrating, but if I just don't get into it, it'll stay at 10% read in my Kindle queue forever.  ;)   I like them for pure reference guides(used to just search a term) but if I’m to read them it has to be paper or Eink or it won’t happen and since my textbooks have lots of important colored pictures I need I just get paper A good e-reader can make the difference. E-Ink without a backlight can feel very much the same as reading a paper book. (It does look a bit different of course) Yes! That thing when you read something but don’t actually take in what was said happens way more frequently when I’m reading from an ebook.   Even more, having to pay $78 dollars for it just kills me.  I completely agree Thank you! I have an iMac and will definitely try some of this stuff out. I did not know this existed.  I'll check it out.

I actually ended up getting Zeiss drive-safe glasses.  I don't think they do much as far as driving goes, or at least not like the ad shows, but they cut out some of that blue light spectrum and make reading off a monitor quite a bit better. I've actually found a synchronous-delivery online grad program to be better for me, but I think it has to do with the structure of the courses more than anything else.  For most of my courses there are weekly homework assignments/discussion questions, often as part of a group project, so it forces me to stay at least somewhat engaged during the semester.  I still procrastinate and end up staying up to 2 AM the night before class every week because I have a hard time focusing without deadline pressure, but at least I keep up with class.  

Also, not having to sit through a 3 hour lecture is awesome.  I can just fast forward through stuff I already know, or even skip the lecture videos entirely.   For my previous master's program I had to go to in-person lectures that ran 3-3.5 hours straight, and it was awful.  I was able to bring knitting to some lectures and found it easier to focus.   When profs didn't let me knit, I found myself zoning out rapidly and either playing games on my phone or I'd have to get up every half hour for a "bathroom break" and just wander around the halls for 5 minutes.   I just could.not.pay.attention - I have no idea why that wasn't a massive clue-by-four when it was happening!  

 That’s the part that saddens me the most; I’m a journalism major and this is for a journalism class. So, it’s not boring at all! I have an iPad so I think I’ll try some of this stuff out to see if it helps. My biggest thing is navigating the book, the organization is cluttered and because of my frustration I procrastinate more than I normally would.  I really feel this. I paid almost $100 for an eBook I’m only going to have access to for 6 months! Worse, despite there being an identical, physical copy of the book my prof is requiring that we purchase the online version because of the interactive modules. Will it make THAT much of a difference? For her, I’m sure it will save her time while grading, but for us —specifically those of us whom struggle with online learning —are short-sticked by paying way too much for something that is less effective. Oh, not to mention we are paying $1000s for her tenure, too 🙄 Yeah I had to pay $77 for mine and had no other option :/ at least it's interactive and I can search the book to easily find what I need.


Most of my other books are PDFs because I'm using book files passed down by previous students.  Positive: don't have to pay for a book I probably wasn't going to have the focus to read anyways. Negative: there is zero chance I'll have any focus reading it on the computer (and if I do print it, it's a hassle and I lose the pages) [deleted] I don’t mind PDF versions of single readings so much as I dislike the books that are entirely online. Highlighting and making notes isn’t the same on a computer as it is in a physical book.  Thanks for the advice, much appreciated. 

Good luck to you too!  