I miss reading This is a half seeking advice post, half rant. 

I used to read like crazy as a kid. It was one of the only things I could hyper focus on. I'm 24 now and i can't tell you the last time a read a book, and I'm in college! AND I was an English major for TWO YEARS. Every time I open up a book, I read for literally minutes and then have to stop. I just... can't read anymore. When I force myself to read for a longer period of time, I can't remember a goddamn thing so it's like I didn't do anything at all. 

Just yesterday, I was doing work for my internship (that I genuinely can't believe I have/don't think I deserve) that involves me reading LONG ass interviews and then compiling them into a script for a short-form documentary. It's exciting work and it's exactly what I want to do. I worked for about 9 hours yesterday and, gun to my head, I could not tell you what I did. I couldn't read every block of text and I feel like I metaphorically rolled around in the dirt all day without making any progress. 

When I read, even things on Reddit, it's like my brain is trying to read the entire page at the same time. It's insanely frustrating and I feel so ashamed and sad and stupid. I've tried breaking the reading up into shorter chunks but even that doesn't really work. I can't absorb anything and just thinking about reading is so emotionally and mentally exhausting that I avoid it.

The script I mentioned is supposed to be given to my adviser tomorrow and I am nowhere close to done. I can't bring myself to work on it at the moment because I'll just be digging myself into a deeper hole. 

But all day, I've just been so sad remembering the times where I would stay up all night and devour books. I could probably still ace even the most hardcore Harry Potter trivia questions. But even the most exciting material I have (like books on how to overcome ADHD) just bounces right off of my stupid eyeballs. 

Anyway, I just feel really discouraged today and because I feel like I'm going to isolate my partner because I talk about my ADHD all the time I figured posting here would make me feel a little better. And it kinda does. But it still sucks.

So do any of you actively read? and if so, was it ever hard for you? what were some of the things that helped you the most.

(also before I forget, i am on meds. I was prescribed 10mg xr adderall (off brand cause ya girl is broke) and i was so ready for my life to get better and it hasn't even a little bit)  I also get quite sad when I remember how much being a bookworm was part of my childhood identity but I can barely read anything anymore. I wanted to ask the psychiatrist that assessed me about this, but I forgot. 

I keep collecting books with the hope that something will reignite but they just lay there or I keep having to reread chapters I’d already finished in order to remember what happened. I did this for ages with 100 years of solitude and for the life of me I don’t know if I finished that book and just can’t remember or gave up?  I just skim-read your post so yeah. I miss reading too. I’m kind of embarrassed to say I use like a postcard or a blank piece of paper to read important things literally one line at a time, moving down the page. And even then it takes me forever. And yet as a kid I devoured books. ? Don’t understand it.  I can't even remember the last time I read a book. I do know, it was more than ten years ago, because I still have a book given to me every Christmas, from my parents.  I was an English major in college, too. I have English lit books on my shelf now that I've never read. I keep them because someday I will read them, I promise* (most likely never). 

What I found out is that I can only read cheesy romance novels. I love Twilight and the Hunger Games. Stayed up late every night to read each book. I read 1-4 of Harry Potter before losing interest in reading the rest. 

The last book I tried to read was Prisoners of Geography by Tim Marshall because I fascinated with geopolitics at the time. I couldn't finish half the book because, although I was interested, I didn't have any emotional investment.

Movies are more my thing because it's 2 to 2.5 hours, emotionally and visually stunning, and done. The only con to this is the lack of character development and more stories (unless it's the MCU). I had this exact same experience... I would read for like entire days as a kid but as a college i could barely get through my homework. I’ve gotten back into reading somewhat but it kind of happened organically I guess? I found a book I was really interested in and it wasn’t so hard to read that and then the skill started coming back to me. 

I do find that I have trouble reading on screens and the text tends to all blend together so sometimes I use a chrome extension for dyslexia that makes the text different colors to help your eyes follow it (I’m not dyslexic but it really helps).  I read novels heaps as a kid but struggle to as an adult. I find I have to reread paragraphs multiple times to get it into my head and it doesn't seem worth the work as an adult. And if I did read some of a novel I'd read some of it and then forget to ever pick it up again. I haven't tried reading a book on meds yet though. Lately though I've been reading comics and it is so much easier since the pictures provide the context and the only text is the dialogue. I'm really enjoying reading again through reading comics. I also tend to buy a comic (most of the time it is a comic) at the end of the week if I am up to date or ahead with study so it is helping with important things like study too I have rarely read a single book since college (over 10 years ago.) If I do, it's a self-help type book, and even then I often get bored when I lose interest in the personal story. If it's something griping I can relate to, I can read it in 1-2 nights. There's currently a NYT Bestseller on my shelf, and I know if I maybe just skip a chapter I'll find something helpful, but I lost interest. 

This is coming from a girl who used to have basically a children's library for a bedroom. 

Also, preach - Adderall has not made my life better. I have short bursts of energy, which helps me get through "life" but not sure it's done what it's supposed to do. Like focus on a book! I collect books every month, and they just pile up. For the last 5 years I haven't been able to get through a book. Recently I just started forcing myself to read before bed time, and I also picked a book that I've wanted to read forever. Seems to be working. Nearly 2 books down in the last month.  I have kind of the same issues... a few yaers i used to read like one book a week but now small 200page books take me months.. even when i try to issolate myself i just cant it makes me so sad.

i keep buying books that i really want to read but i ussely dont come any further then 20 pages and then im bored and read another book. same with comics i am a huge nerd and have spend like 400 euros on comics and i havent been able to finish half of them becuase i can not focus I'm so glad I'm not the only person this has happened to. I wish I had some good advice, but I literally cannot stop buying books that I know I will never read. Just wanted you to know you are not alone.  Thank you for this post, it felt like I was reading a dialogue of what I’ve been going through. woah I've never even thought of the dyslexia thing. I know I don't have dyslexia either but I think the different colors would be incredibly helpful. also I found your comment really encouraging. I've been so frustrated lately that it didn't even occur to me that reading was a skill I could re-learn. I feel dumb typing that lol but seriously, thank you!  you’re welcome! Honestly when I’m having trouble reading lots of things meant to help people with dyslexia work like reading out loud or using the special fonts on e-readers that are easier to process. I’m not sure exactly why it works but I know that ADHD and dyslexia have some symptoms in common. As for reading regular printed text I’m convinced it’s just something my brain has to be used to... I kind of think of reading like exercising now because it’s easier the more I do it but if I stop for a period of time it becomes more difficult. 

Anyway don’t worry! There are lots of things you can do to help.  