Student Requesting ADHD Participants To fill Out Anonymous Questionnaire Hi, 
I am a student at the University of Toronto.
I am researching about adults with ADHD and their needs related to organization and task management. This will help me and my group come up with a user interface solution, as part of a Human Computer Interactions course (CSC318) I am taking for my undergrad. I would really appreciate if I can get some participants that are adults diagnosed with ADHD to fill out our anonymous questionnaire. Here is the link to it: 

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1PjgfYNs6SQuFrs7hWQYgxrGkRx8urhy4vRpu11NtBRc/viewform?usp=send_form. 

Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns. I really appreciate your help.

Thank you. Honestly, I found this questionnaire too demanding to fill out. Okay so I filled it out, but about 2/3 of the way through I was like "Ugh this is boring" and switched to something else, and then I thought about how I wanted to help you and see the results if the survey myself, so I continued and I finished haha.
It is a little long though. I will fill it out! could you post results later too? I would like to view them  So I dunno if this will take away your research or not but I feel like for me personally structuring my entire life to take advantage of modern tech as an organising tool and to take advantage of group environments with interesting people has helped me to achieve a lot higher than I would have been able to otherwise. If this was 100 years ago I'd probably join the army then get a dishonourable discharge for telling a superior where to stick his nose when I didn't agree with his orders or something. 

Being completely over organised and working mainly in groups or teams and starting things well before other people would has helped me get to where I am Made it to the point where it asks what's easy and difficult for me?  I honestly can't answer that.  until I can do said thing with my eyes closed I don't find it easy or difficult to do exclusively, I have days where I find standing up to be hard  and others I couldn't sit down if you tranqued me.  If it was worded different I would have been able to complete but I'm stuck there.  I think your questionnaire might need some further details. For example if I was a student I would fill it out much differently than as a worker. This is mainly because large bulky physical work is much different, simpler and easier than mental work that requires detail, learning, adapting, big picture stuff, abstract ideas or is repetitive.   Thank you all for taking the time to fill out this questionnaire! So far, there have been 87 responses and from people of a wide range of age groups and professions! Here is the summary of analytics so far (which some of you may have already figured out how to get to): https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1PjgfYNs6SQuFrs7hWQYgxrGkRx8urhy4vRpu11NtBRc/viewanalytics Well, that was interesting. 

One thing to note... there's no option in device usage for "Recreation" (I'd say a majority of my free time is spent gaming, which does not fit social networking, web browsing, or any of the other options.) I also will fill it out, and would love to review the results as well! Done. Done as well.. I did it. Glad to help. Too long didn't do the parts that required more than checking a box  Yes, I think we need to shorten the number of short answer questions, since they require more thought and time to complete. Haha thanks for your help! Yes, me and my group will have to shorten it for our next phase of the group project when we may have a chance to update our questionnaire. Perhaps limit the number of short answer questions? https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1PjgfYNs6SQuFrs7hWQYgxrGkRx8urhy4vRpu11NtBRc/viewanalytics?usp=form_confirm Thank you so much! Yes, I will let you know. Hopefully Google forms lets me view the statistics on all answers with scales/options! (I am using it the first time).  Oh yeah, good point! We should have added in Recreational use but somehow didn't. We shouldn't change the questionnaire question now but for upcoming iterations of our research, we will fix this and other issues. Filled out as well- best of luck I appreciate it! I think that focusing on questions with options and having fewer questions that require the user to write stuff him/herself would be a good idea. That's what I found it hard. Definitely. This crowd is used to upvotes and downvotes. Give us specific options. If we have to dream up short answers, we're quite likely to move on or be really brief. Yeah that part was definitely the worst haha And this is why google forms is not a secure survey tool and most IRBs wont approve use of it. Also, please feel free to give me feedback on the design of the questions. If you feel some questions can be better worded or are irrelevant, or you have suggestions of good questions to ask so that I can learn more about the way you manage your tasks, let me know! 

Me and my group are learning about interacting with potential users as well and designing research instruments such as this questionnaire, so any feedback is more than welcome! :) goodluck! Thank you! Yes other people may be having the same problem. Thanks for letting me know! I answered them for how I respond to reality when medicated, since I checked the medicated box. My non medicated responses would be very different.  I worked in survey research for a decade and even my sense of professional duty can't get me to answer short answer questions in any depth! Most repondents feel like they're doing you a favor to participate, and will bail when the survey becomes even a little onerous. 