SmartDrive for manual wheelchairs - do you use one? Does anyone here have a Max Mobility SmartDrive? It is a motor, battery, wheel device placed under a manual wheelchair to power it.

Did your insurance pay for it (or part of it)?

How does in compare to a lightweight foldup power chair? In what way is better than a foldup power chair costing half as much?

Thanks,
Mary I used a SmartDrive for several years and it was great! I got it when my doctors were trying to recommend a full power chair to me because my insurance would not pay for a van or car lift to transport the chair, or for a ramp to our home, and we couldn't afford to pay out of pocket. A folding chair with a SmartDrive meant I could still go outside if my partner put the chair in the trunk. (We also lived outside the service range for the bus or Dial-A-Lift, so no other options for getting around.)

I live in WA, and one big bonus is that the SD doesn't short out in the rain. I've had other friends with 2 ton power chairs that can't handle an accidental puddle, and they would get stranded since no one could help lift the chair out of the way. 

One downside is that you need to be able to give your chair a few good pushes to get it started. I was usually able to do this, but it is harder to navigate hills. I'd have to go down the hill first and then turn around. 

Another issue is there is no turning mechanism, so you have to put friction on one wheel to turn. This doesn't seem so bad at first, but if you're going down the sidewalk and it isn't level, you have to clench one side for several miles, or however long you stay on the uneven road, to prevent the chair from going downhill into the road. 

If you roll over any large bumps, like dropping off a curb or rolling over train tracks on the street, the motor has a tendency to get flipped upside down. You have to detach the motor from the back wheels and put it back the right way, which is possible while seated for folks with good range of motion, but very difficult. Not something you want to be doing in the middle of the road, with cars going by, which is a problem I had. 

Also worth noting that while it works great on smooth ground, it is less than ideal for other floors. Brick or other textured flooring will cause bumps that are more pronounced than when using heavier chairs. Not great if you, like me, have stomach and nausea issues. Gravel and loose ground is serviceable, but loud and jittery, when it's a thin covering on hard ground. If it's too loose, you'll spin in place unless you manually push yourself out of the rough area. Don't try any loose ground on a hill, you'll slide back down. 

Also, very important to charge both the drive and your wristwatch after every use! The battery life is decent, but if you get into the habit of not charging it, it's easy to forget and end up stranded when it dies. You can't leave the drive plugged in too long after it finishes charging or it will mess up the transformer and you'll have to fix it. I sometimes had issues with the motor suddenly shorting out, but I think most of the time this was due to charging negligence, or overheating from too many hills. (Or trying to roll over grassy areas with harder ground. I shorted my motor from the strain, it's really not meant for it.)

All said and done, I don't regret getting it and it was exactly what I needed. I had most of the SD and my chair covered by insurance, but still had to pay out of pocket about $1000. If you already have a compatible chair (the wheels need to pop off) you might not need to pay as much. Good luck to you with whatever you choose! I only use it at work for getting around downtown Nashville (it's one big hill) 

Insurance paid for it

It's great because when I don't need it (which is 99% of the time) I can take it off and I don't need to worry about the extra weight or breaking a part of it or anything. When I need it, it's just click it on and go!  My wife normally uses a regular powerchair.  We have a lightweight foldup chairs and it is OK, but it is not *her* chair and she finds it fairly uncomfortable for long periods of time.  Plus even though it folds up, the chair still takes up a significant amout of room that you have to store someplace.  It is OK when we need it (we use the lightweight one when visiting friends houses that don't have easy accesss), but if she normally used a manual chair I think she would prefer the smartdrive.  Everyone that I have met with a smartdrive has loved it. The VA provided one to me. It’s a great shoulder saver and I’ve used it quite regularly. I think it’s better than a power chair because it’s so lightweight and doesn’t always have to be attached to my chair. I decided to go with E-Motion rims. Had them for 18 months, now. I find I like them more, all the time. Occasionally, when they are in for maintenance, I appreciate the freedom of traditional rims around the house on simple errands, or other times I don't turn them on. Then, challenging terrain comes when I'm in the middle of a photo shoot, when my energy should be spent on making great portraits, not climbing hills and I appreciate the way they both help me focus on my work, and save my shoulders. I'm currently deciding between something like the E-motion rims and a SmartDrive, would you mind answering a few questions?
Is it difficult to push the chair if the e-motion rims are on the chair but turned off? Is it easy to take them on and off to alternate between them and the traditional rims? And do you have to send them in for maintenance often? Thanks!  I'm really sorry for the slow reply. Reddit was acting peculiar and didn't even show me the notification until just now, let alone able to come and reply to it.

It is a bit stiff to push the rims when they are not turned on. Now, I use fairly low tread tires that inflate to 145 PSI and I usually keep them at 135 PSI. Anywhere level and smooth, like inside or in the slightly sloped garage or on our patio is not a problem. But I don't deny that to climb the ramp into the house or into my van I do turn them on. I think that my biggest personal challenge has been to use them only when necessary so that I don't become dependent upon them for things that used to be very easy. After a long winter, I know it's going to take a bit of self-control to leave them off when they don't need to be on so that I regain the strength lost from so much indoor activity this long snowy season.

Alternating between them and regular rims is as simple as pushing the release and pulling them off, except this time the rim doesn't weigh 2 pounds, it weighs about 35 pounds so I am grateful when my wife is willing to switch them because it is pretty physically demanding given that you need to hold on to them with very little to grab onto, push the button and pull them off without cutting your fingers on the spokes.

As for maintenance, I had a little bit of a rough go with them at one point and was aggressive on the rims trying to knock snow off. That cause me to break some of the springs that are attached to the sensors which detect how hard you are applying pressure in either pushing or breaking and they became less responsive. That's when I took them in and they commented about the broken springs and replaced some of them. I would say that was about 8 months ago and I would say that I have a few more broken in there that could stand to be repaired. Probably before a vacation this summer I will make sure they are looked at. Regarding sending them in, we have a dealer in our city and so it was just a matter of dropping them off for a day. I'd be happy to answer any other questions you might have and hope that my answers were helpful to you.

My one last complaint, and it was easily solved, was the default setting for the notification beeps when you turn them on her off was loud and unnecessary but easy to shut off with the remote included and the instruction manual. I should add that they were very nicely easy to customize to the amount of help and the sensitivity based on what you need. That is one thing this Smart Drive did not have and I really respected that about these. The final complaint was the LEDs on the side are enough to let you see 300 yards to either side. No way to shut those off, and they do indicate your battery level, but I just look at my remote for that, but nothing but a piece of black tape wouldn't solve. We are already conspicuous enough without adding nice bright lights shining out from either side. I thought I was done, the last thing I would like to add is that I charge them about every 10 days. They really do go a long distance between charges and when I do charge them I usually don't let them go below 50%. I know I don't go terribly far on a regular basis, but their efficiency really did impress me. 