Folding, self-propelled wheelchair cost? My spouse has fibromyalgia that makes it difficult to get out of the house much, because chronic pain and fatigue.

I have an option, through my work, to set aside money in a pretax account for medical expenses like wheelchairs -- the only drawback is, any money I don't use by March 15 of the following calendar year is lost.

 I have until this Friday, 10/5, to figure out how much I want to set aside for 2019, but I'm having a hard time figuring out how much a good chair that would work for her would cost. 

She wants a manual wheelchair that would be easy to transport in eg the trunk or back seat of our 2004 Corolla, so folding would be ideal. She weighs about 225 lbs and wears about a US size 22, so she'll likely need something a bit wider than average. 

Does anyone have resources I can use to figure out what wheelchair would be best for her and what I should expect to pay for it? (According to our primary care doctor, getting our insurance to cover a wheelchair is basically impossible, and we trust him on this.) [removed] Is she planning on rolling it herself? I don’t have pain issues of that sort and it’s very tough for me to roll myself. I got that first wheelchair from 1-800-wheelchair but now just google shop and you’ll find lots of choices. 

If she wants to be independent a small scooter might be better. Most have a cutoff at 250 lbs so she’s fine. 

If you can, visit a local medical store that sells them. She can try them out.  Your comment was automatically removed because you linked to reddit without using the "no-participation" np. domain. Reddit links should be of the form "np.reddit.com" or "np.redd.it"

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/disability) if you have any questions or concerns.* She'd like to have the option to either roll it herself or have someone push her, is my understanding. And she'd prefer a manual one because they tend to be smaller, lighter and easier to transport, and most of what she needs from a wheelchair is a way to get around without standing up, from what she's told me.

Yeah, the plan is to have her visit one someone recommended to us while I'm at work today, and at the very least figure out what seat width is comfortable for her. I hope she finds something that works for her.  