Things That Annoy Wheelchair Users  Luckily some of these things don't happen to me lol. Other things like asking if I can pop a wheelie or what happened to me I don't find annoying because it shows interest and willingness to joke and have fun.  I have no push handles on my chair because some people are dumb as fuck. Because I'm a powerchair user I get lots of sarky comments about the speed limit or "should that thing be on the pavement?" Also if strangers ask what happened, I tend to ask "what happened to your manners?"

Though the "not being invited to things" one hit a bit close to home. By far the most annoying thing is someone parking in a spot next to the striped area for getting in and out of a vehicle and taking up half of it. So annoying. I like it when someone offers to push my chair -- I usually accept. However, when maneuvering in a close space I can usually do it better so I decline. Also if my feet are not on the footrests it can be dangerous to push the chair. So always ask first! I no longer attempt to interact with someone in a wheelchair, because, as this thread proves, there is nothing I can do that won't piss them off. I wish I had none..... I have what looks like handles but it's actually framework supporting my tilt motor. Doesn't stop people grabbing on and trying to push without asking - and all that does is throw the backrest forward and hurt me! If someone parks in the handicap space I wouldn't know if they were handicapped (and forgot to hang the placard) unless I saw them, and even then they might have a heart or some condition that limits their walking. However...

If someone parks in the stripped area preventing me from getting my wheelchair out, then I get mad. That’s just false.  If you offer to help I may accept or I may refuse (with a polite "no thank you") your help, but I will appreciate your offer.

Since I became disabled and started using a wheelchair I have seen how kind most people are.

If I refuse your help it is because some things, such as maneuvering a wheelchair in a close area, are done better by the wheelchair occupant. But I always appreciate the offer to help. I do but I keep a placard up on my rearvjew mirror all the time so I don't forget to hang it. I also have a mobility scooter I use if it's going to be a lot of walking typically I don't need it but I use it for school bc it's a gigantic university campus but sometimes I walk. I've definitely had a friend of mine bring it down stairs once when I'd left it upstairs thinking I'd come back before the next class and he comes downstairs and goes "it goes faster than I thought it would. Umm I almost ran into an elevator."

Like kinda hilarious  I wish it were.  Thanks for your thoughts. I am refreshed to read this. Most people out there sure have changed, I guess. So often, I feel despised for interacting. My placard, from New York State, has a warning message that it should not be hung while the car is being driven because it might obstruct vision. So I had a Velcro piece on it and on the dash where I kept it. If I forgot to hang it the placard was still visible. If you are a decent human being you won’t piss me, a guy in a wheelchair, off. So it’s false.  My u cowe sigh parking pass is like 1/4 of the size of a normal one. I leave that up. Which is a new habit I used to be really reluctant to leave it up but it's gotten to point where I just don't care enough to take it down. Unless I'm with people I don't know well in which case that things getting shoved in some console they'll never see it  