Accessibility questions (Project) I’m currently doing a project on recreational accessibility for people with disabilities. It’s a pretty broad topic and I’m researching anything recreational from playground accessibility to travel accessibility to accessibility of attractions such as shopping malls, museums, etc. 

My question is: What do you think of the accessibility of these attractions today? What do you like/what do you find most helpful and what would you change? 

Please be entirely honest and thank you so much for your participation! I have a fainting disorder that causes extreme fatigue when I walk long distances. I do not have assistive devices myself, but whenever I need to be at the mall I take advantage of renting a wheelchair. 

The offices or kiosks where you go to rent these wheelchairs are typically tucked in a corner or at the center of the mall and I have to walk a substantial amount before getting a chair. You are required to turn in collateral (id) to rent a chair it seems like there could be a better system in place, since you have accountability. Like having a system in place where those in need of assistance can request a chair at the handicap parking spaces to have a chair waiting for them when they get to the entrance. I feel like this is so common sense it should already exist and maybe it does, but I've never seen such a system.  PLEASE have chairs where people can sit, designating handicap seating in museums. Regular benches fill up. Sure, I’m there to appreciate the art, but I actually need to sit down right now before I fall over, too. Check out r/wheelchairs and foo s search there for past threads on this topic Accessible counters that are not used by staff are ridiculous. Almost as much as aisles in stores over filled blocking access I noticed that at our mall. The wheelchair and stroller rental are together, in a pretty odd spot mid-mall. I figured users would have careers come in and get the chair I guess.  Checking in at doctors offices or waiting in line at the pharmacy. Two places where it is the most frustrating that there aren't waiting options that allow you to sit! Take-a-number systems would be so efficient for the disabled. Although, these aren't recreational activities.  