can someone please help? I am severely disabled with functional neurological disorder. I left home alone but I do have a girlfriend, mum, and dad that help me. I will be writing with text to speech on my phone so sorry for any typos etc

I have severe weakness from head to toe.  I cannot lift my arms at all sometimes and my legs do not do what I want them to do.  I've be getting weaker and weaker over the last 6 years since a car accident. I cannot wash myself, I cannot brush my own teeth properly, I have to have my food cut up for me, I have severe vertigo, I cannot use a wheelchair because my arms are are not strong enough, I use an office chair to wheel myself around my apartment, I have severe vertigo that feels like I am constantly falling off my chair, I can only just stand up for a few seconds on a good day. This is very embarrassing to say, but I often will not be able to make it to the toilet alone. I throw up every few days due to IBS and reflux problems too. And I am gaining weight and I don't know why.

I have severe mental difficulties. My own this is listed also as a psychosomatic disorder, and I am constantly stressed, tense, having flashbacks, and I'm suicidal

Thankfully I have a psychologist who I see who really helps. But I only see him once a month and the only way I can do that is by being put on a carry chair and carried up and down stairs of my apartment building. I cannot leave my home for any other reason because I physically cannot. So if I think I can get treatment for something, but it is not covered under the NHS, I will not physically be able to go.

All of the help I get is done by my girlfriend and my relatives. I have had no help from any other services and I asked for my P I P assessment to be reassessed so I could get a higher rates of disability to get full-time care.

I cannot do most things by myself anymore. It's gone so bad that my doctor has applied for me to become an inpatient for recovery to regain some of my life back. But this will take a very long time with no currency of Recovery period

Not only did I not get my higher rate disability, I had my entire disability premium and p i p living allowance taken away from me. How Am I Supposed to Live? How am I supposed to get help?

When I was well I purchased an apartment on a first floor (not ground floor). Which I am Now unable to go downstairs. I cannot go up and down stairs why I'm stuck in my apartment. I took my apartment with a help to Buy loan here in the UK which means I cannot really rent it out for a long time. But the stress of moving out would absolutely destroy my mental state and I do not have the money to do so . Not only that, I have ground rent that has just increased to £500 a year and service charges of almost £1,000 a year. I did not know when I purchase this home that my ground rent would double every 10 years. Yes, every 10 years!

So, I am stuck in a leasehold scandal building which is unsellable as it is a morally wrong and no mortgage lender will lend to somebody with a doubling leasehold, I am physically unable to do much, if at all anything some days , and have just had that money taken away from me that was helping me have a livable life.

What am I supposed to do? My neurologist has said that she can help me by writing a letter but not much else. I have a doctor that does not even know what's wrong with me and every time I get ill they just saying psychological.

I am in pain all day everyday, I physically and mentally don't have the strength to keep going through with it. I have been through so many tribunals, reassessments, in the past and it just keep creeping back. I don't know what to do anymore. Here in the U.S. I can call my representative who can open cases to advocate for me. I would recommend calling your local representative and telling them your situation and see if they provide the service of navigating the bureaucracy of the government on your behalf.   You are going through a very rough time. You are not alone in your pain. Many people reach wits end and seem like there is no way to get out but you will get through this just like every other time you have. Humans are great at facing incredible difficulty and persevering through it.


As far as a solution goes I would keep what you have written,  and start looking for nonprofits in your area or any large ones that are in your country that advocate and provide services for those with disabilities. Explain to them what you told us here. If all of your roads seem blocked networking is great idea right now. Call and talk or email as many as you can. Keep what your looking for to the point until you get the right department and then explain your situation. There has got to be some organization in the U.K. that can help you I am sure of it.  You just gotta find it. Also look into legal help if your disability money was taken away. Given what you have said here it seems unjustified for it to be taken and you may have some recourse through a legal route a nonprofit might be able to help you out there as well. 
      
       
Keep strong, don't despair, there is a lot of help out there. I wish you the very best.  >I have a doctor that does not even know what's wrong with me and every time I get ill they just saying psychological.

You need to get into a psychiatrist -stat. A somatoform disorder is serious, and psychiatrists treat those - not neurolgoists or physiatrists or family docs. Until you get into a psychiatrist, the other docs will continue to say "Nothing physically wrong, psychological issues" which disability funders use as leverage to cut/deny benefits. 

Advocate hard for a psychiatry referral. Good luck.  You need some people on your side:

1) Citizens Advice Bureau - call them on the phone if you can't go and see them in an office.

2) Your GP. They should be able to get you a lot more help than you seem to be getting. Change your GP if they're not being helpful.

3) Adult Social Services. Even if they don't recommend any changes, you can probably embarrass them into helping you if you enlist the help of your MP and your local councillors. You can usually find out who your councillors are via the Council's website.

Just about everyone's experience of claiming PIP is that the assessors know nothing and they deliberately lie, miss off important information, misrepresent facts and just fuck you up so much that you can't bear to go on. If you have the mental strength then APPEAL, and APPEAL and APPEAL. The CAB can help, as can other charities, but the CAB are very good on the issue of PIP appeals. If you get to a tribunal, you can also ask for any award to be given for 5 to 10 years, that way you don't get re-assessed every 2 years as happens now.

It's not easy, it does take a lot of mental strength, but you can beat the bastards. Try to keep a diary of your issues to present as evidence at future hearings. Create your own narrative of what your daily life is like and then attach that narrative to every form you get sent and that way your truth will get printed along with the lies from the DWP.

Life shouldn't have to be this hard, but the reality is that the Conservative government would rather we all just crawled off into a corner and died. I'm only hanging on until I can stick two fingers up at the DWP at the next tribunal, but I know it's going to feel so good when I eventually get the money I'm entitled to. 

You're not alone in this struggle. We're all with you in spirit. I'm in the UK, I'm severely disabled with muscular dystrophy, and I have carers help me every day. I've been where you are, with everything crumbling around you and not knowing how to get help.

First of all, phone adult social servies. Tell them you need a social worker and an assessment by an Occupational Therapist. It'll be a pain to deal with a social worker but they know the system and how to navigate it. Ask about an electric wheelchair. They might turn you down for one, but they might agree to get you one. A manual one (self propelling) isn't perfect but it means others can push you in it when you go out.

You might have to wait awhile to see the social worker because they're overloaded with work, but don't give up. Once they get going, the social worker and OT can help with all kinds of equipment.

Are you male? If so, buy a urinal bottle to save trying to make it to the bathroom for just a pee. And you might find it easier to transfer onto a commode if you're struggling with the bathroom.

Appeal against your benefits decision. On the forms, emphasise your worst days. Don't tell them all the things you can do, tell them what you can't. Also, ask your doctor, neurologist, and any medical people you regularly see if they'll agree to be contacted about your case.

Feel free to ask me any questions (by PM too, if you want). I contacted my local MP here in the UK on Twitter. thank you. she replied!  hey, thank you for your response, I am trying to be positive.

I've contacted certain charities before and have been no help. the only thing i think i can do is appeal again and that's it :( thank you for the advice. I really appreciate it 

yes our conservative government it a pack of liars who only care about profit  i usr a urinal bottke it helps so much ! i am male. I luckily have drs on my side but my psychologist and neurologist are both off until the 18th so I will probably have to do it alone to start with. I am going to emphasise every bad detail don't you worry and thank you so much for your advice.

I've had occupational therapy around twice now and they have done nothing. No adaptations to my home, and no wheelchairs etc. Even more disgusting was the fact that when the pip woman came to see me she had in her notes that the toilet frame and all other wheelchairs and equipment were provided by them which is just a absolute lie. I've had useless OTs too. It's annoying and frustrating but do not give up. I honestly think they make it this hard so people will give up.

Check out disability shops. Some of the stuff isn't too expensive and stuff like grab sticks can make a difference.

I have weak arms so I use a £3 telescopic backscratcher from eBay to pull things towards me. It makes it easier to reach stuff for myself as opposed to asking someone else to grab it for me. I have a back scartcher somewhere.  why have i not though about that!  