96-year old woman gets same pat-down as everyone in a wheelchair.  I'm also okay with this, provided they weren't too rough about it.
Can't tell you how many times I've walked through security without checks, even if my chair set stuff off. If I had malicious intent(or was being manipulated by someone who did) , no one would have stopped me. And that's a scary thought  Im not use to American Customs, In the UK this would be seen as pretty damn invasive! Iv'e been wheeled around metal detectors before to avoid embarrassment due to that good old sense of British 'oh a kid in a wheelchair, let's not cause a fuss!' I fly often, and I have been patted down like everyone else. Also, I am in a wheelchair.

A 96-year-old woman is just a capable as me, a 21 y/o woman, to be carrying a weapon. Granted, she doesn't fit the profile of a terrorist, but someone else, meeting her on a plane or in the airport on the airplane side of security may well be a terrorist.

According to a friend who is a retired customs agent who worked at the Miami airport, babies and old ladies frequently were carrying drugs and contraband. Obviously, particularly in the case of babies, the contraband would have been for someone else.

If terrorists find out that old women were not checked, then they would have old women carry their weapons, often without the knowledge of the old women. Worked for TSA. It doesn’t look good, but the one time the process is skipped or relaxed, something will happen. Terrorists use anyone and anything to get their point across. They use the elderly, disabled, and children. 

Not sure why people get so upset. There are other forms of transportation.  Chit chat with the agents and deal with it. It's not a big deal. Take the free massage and move along. It's not worth getting riled up over. I get this pat\-down every time I fly and I'd never let it ruin my trip. Of course my first thought was that this is the most action this 96\-year\-old grandma has gotten in a long time. Was on a military base recently and everyone had to pass through metal detecters and have their bags checked.  Wheelchair?  Right through and didn't check the pocket on the back of the chair clearly full of items.

Happens frequently unfortunately.  I would love to point out to them their lack of thoroughness but also don't want them to think I'm hiding something and interrogate me further. Hmm. Kool aid ahoy. > There are other forms of transportation.

If you can't drive, there are buses and trains, yes, but they are also doing screenings now. Maybe a wheelchair user can get through the less stringent screenings easier, but the same can't be said of all disabilities. 

I regularly run into difficulties as both someone who uses a cane, and as someone who is severely autistic just on local public transport. Last time I tried using any means of travel other than saving up $1000 and paying a friend or acquaintance to drive me, I had constant difficulty with people questioning how I move, speak, communicate, etc. I had to show random inspectors sensitive medical information over and over.

Look, I get it, it's impossible to expect random security people to be able to differentiate normal autistic behaviors from behaviors of people with other conditions or inebration who might be dangerous when most psychiatrists can't. It's why I carry such information on my person and avoid authorities whenever legally possible, regardless of circumstance. But improvements to how disability is handled in travel screening could definitely be made. I would take that as an insult. Are they implying that you would not be able to do something bad with a weapon and that you don't have friends who could and would use a weapon? There is a hotline for TSA. It’s called TSAcares. You call ahead and they will have a very personalized experience set up for you. Age isn’t really a disability and there are ways we are trained to handle people in wheelchairs. Unfortunately people that buy their own wheelchairs and customize them, sometimes hide stuff. There’s been mulitiple occasions where veterans in wheelchairs will forget the pocket knife in their chair. That’s why it’s important. 

People don’t think everything through, and the security threats people have to deal with. The chances or low, but in my original comment, the one time a step is skipped, something will happen.  