Should I get a wheelchair? Hello, my name is Dar and I am considering purchasing a wheelchair. I currently use a cane to get around, but it doesn't help as much as I'd like a mobility aid to. I am moving to Portland, OR for college soon and will have to walk a lot more than I am currently used to so that is what's made me think to get a wheelchair because of the severe pain I have when walking long distances. I used a wheelchair part time last summer and it really helped me. What is holding me back however from getting a wheelchair is I don't want my muscles to weaken (but also I would use my college's weight room so I'm not sure that would happen?) and my parents think I am just being lazy when I use a mobility aid of any kind. 

So I'm asking the opinions of all of you, especially those that use wheelchairs.  Ask your doctor and PT if you have one please. No-one here will be able to give you as good advice as they can as we are all different. 

As a full-time wheelchair user, heading to the weight room does *not* make up for sitting on your arse all day. Going from cane (support on one side, standing) to chair (full support, seated) is a very big jump. You're looking at changes to your BP, lung capacity, muscle tone, bone density (no weight bearing), skin issues and so on. 

With the given information if you are currently managing with a cane I'd suggest crutches or a rollator before a wheelchair. Crutches allow you to put weight on both sides of your body, make your disability visible and you can sit or lean whenever you reach a wall or seat. A rollator allows you to walk with minimal support when you can, walk with support on the frame when needed, and provides both a seat when you are tired and a place to carry your shopping. Both allow you far more mobility overall than a manual wheelchair. 

You are very sensible to worry about long term atrophy (muscle loss). It's not just your legs that go, any muscle capacity affected by posture is damaged by long-term wheelchair use as are the issues above. My wheelchair use is obligatory and I've lost a scary amount of lung function despite all my efforts. I have an imbalance in my upper body from always moving one way despite being fit because our bodies didn't evolve for an upper body pushing motion. There are a whole tonne of issues from long term wheelchair use that many people don't consider and it seriously concerns me when I see people who can physically move their legs changing to a wheelchair without trying the inbetween options. 

Keep moving on your legs as long as your doctors approve, even when it is difficult or part time. Ask them about different pain relief; trigger point injections, nerve blocks, TeNS machines, NMS, physiotherapy, hydrotherapy. Alternative therapies like actupuncture are also helpful for some people. 

I don't give a fuck what your parents think and neither should you. I appreciate it's hard to ignore them, even more so if you are young (you don't mention your age) but don't put their opinions above your health. DO put your doctor and PT's opinions way up high. I joke that the Spanish Inquisition is alive and well in the form of physiotherapists but most of them do an excellent job at keeping us at as high capacity as we can expect to be. 
 I am in the same position. I chose to wait and see what walking across campus does. I also plan to make advantage of the college athletic facilities. I am diabetic, and that was one factor for me picking the dorm to live in. Food service can tailor my meals for me. The head of the dining hall is an old friend who lost a leg to diabetes, so you can bet he will be all over me to eat right. My hope is a chair won't become necessary.  Seconding some folk down the thread a bit- look into crutches, rollator or whatever before going to a wheelchair. I've used a wheelchair on and off for a while now, and it is much more physically demanding than say, a rollator on a body that can handle weight bearing/safely walking. Pain is pain, you need to find an alternative. I can stand and walk only short distances without pain. My first wheelchair was rented for a few months as a test. That worked OK, but it was heavy and difficult to get into/out of the car trunk.

I ended up adding a lightweight seat to the smallest Segway (Ninebot MiniPro). I have put complete build drawings on this site;

[https://www.instructables.com/howto/flax101/](https://www.instructables.com/howto/flax101/)

There are elaborate seat additions on the market for Segways, however, they are expensive. The one I built is of painted plywood; the only modification to the Segway is replacing part of the steering handle with an extension. This device is only applicable to those who can stand and walk a bit.

It is very easy to learn to ride, but it is experimental, and one needs to be careful around obstructions that can block the wheels (this is explained in the instructions). The MiniPro is about $500, which is a very good price given that it has most of the features of the larger Segways that cost $6000. In two years I have gone 200 miles. I do not use it inside my house, but outside and in public buildings it is great.

Good luck... Thank you for your reply! I hadn't realized how hard being in a wheelchair was on a body. I'll look into crutches and rollators.  People really underestimate it. I've seen way too many people with disorders that affect their whole body transfer to a wheelchair because they think it'll be easier and less painful. Lolnope. Now you're just putting the same amount of strain on *half the amount of body*. It should be a last resort. 

I really recommend you talk to your PCP/GP and/or physiotherapist before deciding on a new mobility device. Even paying for a single appointment and recommendation is miles better than nothing. For example there is a new trend in 'smart crutches' amongst certain disabilities where you rest your full weight on your forearm rather than the typical 'touch release' of the forearm with elbow crutches. This feels better in the moment but long term can be incredibly detrimental to the back and shoulders depending on your disability. 

It's such an individual thing and I appreciate how expensive healthcare appointments can be. But go in, say 'I'm looking for a mobility device to work with my current condition. My current device is not working. I cannot afford multiple appointments.' and most professionals will try their level best to work with you within those limitations.  Thanks for all your suggestions and input! I've been looking into getting a wheelchair so I can use that when my walker isn't helpful enough for me. But the idea of a rollator is sounding more appealing since I'm not ready to lose whatever strength I have left. But I also don't have enough strength for a wheelchair and I can't afford a motorized wheelchair either. So I'll definitely bring all this info up to my drs.
 You're very welcome. Rollators are a fantastic option for people past sticks but not quite in need of a chair. The fact that you can stick a bag on them with easy access is invaluable according to friends who use them. Definitely ask your doctor and be prepared with pics in case they're not aware of what a rollator is! This is much more a PT's area of interest and docs are a bit hit or miss with mobility aid knowledge. If your doc is unsure you can ask to see a PT specifically or have them consult with one.

Regarding college particularly have you spoken to their disability office? If not give them a quick call or email, they can make changes for disabled students with enough notice. Mine for example ensured that all of my lectures were in accessible halls. They may also be able to help you with carrying less stuff if that would help with walking, by providing a locker near your regular classroom. 

You could consider a provided manual wheelchair indoors on bad days. They are readily available to borrow from many places and easy to push indoors on flat slick floors. Regarding strength I don't know your disability but everyone struggles with strength in a wheelchair at first. If you can build muscle it is something you gain very quickly. 

Managing a large bag for college books and shopping is much harder in a chair than a rollator and they can be more temperamental as there are more bits to break. Your chair would likely not fit properly, an active user chair is the ideal but they cost thousands for even a basic model. Standard wheelchairs are the norm for part time users but they are heavier and harder to use, you'd feel that on top of other wheelchair issues.  
 This is a very good reply. I agree with you that a lot of people, including some medical personnels, have no idea what a rollator is. A rollator is a walker on wheels. This article on Listsboard ( https://listsboard.com/best-walkers/ ) will help you choose the best rollator for your need.

However, I recommend that you consult with a good Physiotherapist before you make the switch. 