Traveling with a Walker/Wheelchair? Hey friends, 

I will be traveling to Mayo Clinic for a serious operation to hopefully give me some mobility back. I have severe nerve damage causing me horrible right leg pain. I take a ton of gabapentin and it helps with the pain but not much with the mobility! The surgery will be performed laparoscopically. I understand that inside the airport I will be able to take advantage of being pushed in a wheelchair! My worries are that we will be in a hotel, walking through parking lots at the airports, and more where a Rollator type of device may be really useful in getting around before and after surgery. 

How does it work to bring devices like this on the plane? Do you check it? We always fly southwest if that matters. Any advice or tips? I'm super nervous about the flight home as it will be 3 days postop.

 Southwest, in my experience has always been extremely accommodating when traveling with mobility aids. When you check in for your flight they will give you tag in which you can describe your mobility aid such as color, model number if applicable, your name and contact information. Once you arrive at the gate your mobility device will be stowed with strollers, car seats etc. The staff will make sure it's offloaded and available for use once you depart the plane.

Southwest is also very helpful via phone in explaining how their services work to help passengers whom require additional assistance.  I'm in Australia so may not be 100% accurate for you in the US. Each airline has similar policies with some differences, when you book your flights there is usually a prompt asking if you require 'specific assistance' and asking for the pertinent information. There should also be an option to read their accessibility information which should give you details about whether you need to pre arrange to have a wheelchair available to and from the plane.
Over here its a case of selecting from a few diffent options depending on whether you require the wheelchair to get to the base of the steps to board the plane, are unable to climb/descend the steps (so you use a wheelchair lift thingy) or whether you need wheelchair assistance onto the plane and to your seat. Generally I've found staff to be really good with one or two individual exceptions. Like the woman to took offence to the fact that I wanted to take take my personal wheelchair through security rather than check it at the desk. She spent longer arguing with me about how long it would take to ask security if it was ok than it did for her to actually ask them. She didnt appreciate me telling her that if she took the chair then she'd have to find someone to push me around in an aisle chair because my legs dont work well.

 As far as your walker goes when you check in you can get a 'gate check' tag on it so that it will be brought to you at the plane door rather than having to go and collect in the main baggage area, this may or may not be useful if your using an airport wheelchair, but probably a good idea incase there isn't a chair available when you get off the plane.

Over here atleast you are also required to check in earlier than the 'regular' passengers, you board the plane first and exit last. If you have questions about specifics best bet is to contact the airline and ask them. I've also taken to keeping dated copies of any information you've provided them re your requirements in my carry on in case of a situation like the one above. 
Best of luck with your surgery 🙂 