Writing for JRPGs Hello! I'm an indie game developer working on a tactics style JRPG. There's a heavy emphasis on story and social dynamics in the game and also one of the player characters is a wheelchair-user. It is a somewhat sci-fi fantasy world where the characters have magic weapons that grant them superpowers (the weapons are also people, but that's not super relevant to this question)

Essentially, our initial concept was that this wheelchair user can use the magic from his weapon in part to walk and fight, only when using it. It was never our intention to ever 'cure' his disability permanently, but after doing some more research I've begun to see how even this much might be problematic. So I'm here to ask for some tips or brainstorming on how to either accomplish this in a sensitive way or else to come up with some better ideas on ways to utilize this character in combat.  This is just me shooting in the dark, but how about this: 
the weapon *is* the wheelchair. If the weapons themselves are sentient, this could be even more interesting, as the character would have quite an intimate relationship with his adaptive equipment (as a full time wheelchair user myself, I know I do!), becoming frustrated when it fails, struggling and bickering with it over extreme terrain. 
 I’m not a wheelchair user but I do rely on mobility aids. Please understand that some people might be hesitant to interact on this thread. Is there any way you could have the power come from the chair itself? I understand it might not be your intention to portray cures and such but that might not be how it comes across to your users. Mobility aids give is power and strength, they aren’t prisons from which we need to escape. When I got my cane I felt unstoppable until I was judged and harassed for it.

It would be hella sick to see some creative ways on how it would be incorporated. I would suggest reaching out to local organizations and creating a focus group with differently abled people to talk about it in person to maybe generate some fresh ideas so you can give us the representation we are *starving for* without giving in to those harmful tropes.

I sincerely wish you luck, and when it’s all finished please share it here! I like the ideas above about using the wheelchair as the power. I am not confined to my chair but I would be confined to my house without it. It enables me to be independent, to work, to play. It is one of the most positive things in my life because it helps me have a life. Helping others see my chair in this light would be incredibly powerful. A "superpower" if you like!

If you are able to organise a focus group, I think you would really benefit from the direct contact and get a feel for some of the emotions involved when discussing these things.

Good luck with the project, I'd be interested to see the finished thing too.  The wheelchair can give the character cool powers, and can be rocket powered or whatever, but it absolutely can't let him walk, even temporarily. That defeats the inclusive purpose of having the character.

P.S. Do you have a composer for your project yet? You really want to be inclusive... hire me, a disabled composer, to write your music! :-D Seriously, though, I've got the chops, and have already done most of the work on another indie JRPG, which I can send you more info about if you want. I’ve been working on a story that includes a disabled character for a while now. In this character’s very earliest form he was comic book hero that was basically a disabled Iron Man. I came up with this character when I was in fifth grade. His wheelchair had rockets and his inventions helped him walk.

It probably reveals my mindset at the time that I was fantasizing about the idea of an inventor who would become great if only he were cured. But it’s not unusual that someone comes up with a character whose mild mannered secret identity is disabled. I can understand your intent with the character. 

It may be in your best interst and save you quite the headache to not include a disabled character at all, and Im sure you had good intentions. You wouldn’t be here if you didn’t. You may have intended to show that a disabled hero can be heroic, charming, just like anybody else and the only way they’re different is their disability. That they’re not mindful of their disability so other people shouldn’t be mindful of their disability and the only way that their disability effected them was by making them strong and capable of facing any obstacle. 

That’s all generally well and good and acceptable, but the truth is that none of that is entirely true for every disabled person. I don’t think there is any disabled person who is totally unaffected psychologically by their disability. A lot of disabled people deal with pain, often chronic, sometimes excruciating. A lot of disabled people are insecure or depressed about their disability. Probably every disabled person has at least been teased, if not bullied, if not tormented as kids, in high school, as adults. Most disabled people were expected to have a ‘sense of humor about it’, to make fun of themselves, belittle themselves to show people they know their place. It’s why disabled people are so frequently singled out as “cringe” if they try to display talent or fit in like anybody else and aren’t flawless in their exicution. When a disabled person watches movies, TV, or listen to music they don’t see themselves represented. At all. Disabled characters are played by able bodied actors, are directed by able bodied directors, are written by able bodied writers. When you consider all of this it can be understandable that some disabled people can have social anxiety, can be socially awkward, or socially removed. Also, some disabled people have some trauma, have PTSD, and can suffer from unrelenting anxiety.

And some disabled people are not insecure and do not have anxiety. They can have a sense of humor for their own sake because they find the idea of themselves being pushed down a hill in their wheelchairs deeply, absurdly funny, and the only thing they really ask of anybody else is that they not cause anyone worry and aren’t in need of sympathy.  It depends on the person, their environment, upbringing, and what kind of disabilities they’ve been dealing with.

I think maybe the crucial difference between my disabled inventor hero and your character is that my character cured himself and became heroic through his abilities and his abilities alone. It sounds like your story, an outside source cured him and he became heroic, not through his or her own ability, but via an outside source. As you’ve said, you realize how problematic that is. 

With everything I’ve learned I think that if I were writing a disabled character today who was given a magic power to fight evil and have their disability cured, I’d probably decide to have the character opt not to be cured. I’d definitely avoid having their contribution to the team come from the disabled character displaying any physicality in any way because that also implies that the character’s disability diminishes their value to the team. 

I’ll give you a general sense of some of the ideas I’ve been working on because I think it’s important how a disabled character (Or any character) is represented. One idea involves a character’s disability making them uniquely qualified to wield a power. Another idea is that the power itself is what causes the character to become disabled. (This is the idea I’m currently working on). I suppose you could also go the way of a person with a disability wear a VR headset and control a robot. I’m sure there are other options. For video games, the best representation of a disabled character is probably Mass Effect. Incidentally, I have the same disease that Joker has.

Do you know a disabled person who can write or be a consultant?

Good luck on your game and thanks for putting a lot of consideration on your disabled character. Hollywood and the game industry usually don’t.  Perhaps focussing on other aspects of the person other that their legs/feet. For example there was a wheelchair bound character in Avatar the Last Airbender who used his intelligence to make a flying wheelchair. Or looking to real life, at athletes in wheelchairs who are very dexterous, fast, and skilled at their sports using the rest of their body.

You could really focus on  anything eyes, arms, hands, face, upper body (unless the disability is something to do with their back) etc. Or things like smarts, charm, dexterity, and strength.

Maybe this is a weird idea, but maybe you could imagine if it were you who was exactly the same as you are now...just in a chair to get around. What kind of powers would you imagine yourself to have (excluding curing yourself of course as that defeats the entire purpose of representation.) Why are you able bodied people so hooked up on walking!?! Walking is not a super power! I mean if I was a super hero and my super power was the ability to walk, holy shit I would be pissed. Allow him to fly, or see through walls or some shit but walking! really?

I actually think that walking is the least of my problem as a paraplegic and just because thats all people see they think it is the be all and end all. Walking is nothing really, i mean I go faster than a walker and always have a seat and the parking is great, the able bodied has some weird fascination with walking..... I dont quite understand it but then I guess I never will, they are an odd group of people. Well a lot of people in wheelchairs can walk for short distances.

I think it might be good to just come out and say it. "Yeah I need a wheelchair but I can walk for short distances."

A lot of people have never heard of this concept before. And it's a huge pain in the ass. I love this idea a lot, I'm not sure if it can work in the physics of the world but it is a GREAT idea and I'm going to see if I can do anything in my power to incorporate it. Thanks for considering the context of the world that I gave! Thanks so much! I understand the hesitance to respond on a thread like this and really appreciate all of the people who have done so, I will do my best to incorporate this feedback.  Thanks so much for the perspective. I'm not able to talk to any kind of focus group in person because I live in the middle of nowhere, but that's what the internet is for for now.  Sorry for the long delay on the response, I lost my reddit password and couldn't figure out how to get back in! I'd love to hear some of your music, we do already have a composer but I'm not sure how much time he has to dedicate and I think it would be great to try to work in some other artists if we can maintain some kind of consistent style. How much would you charge and where should I contact you? I don't know a lot of people at all, so that's why I'm turning to the internet for help with the writing. Do you have any recommendations for consultants? Thank you so much for your long and thoughtful post. I feel like I am getting a lot of useful information and I hope I will be able to incorporate it successfully. I do not want to save myself any headache by getting rid of the character, I want to do whatever it takes to make this character work out even if it ends up being a lot of work. Thank you for the brainstorming, it seems several people like the flying idea. I'll try to incorporate as much as possible Oh, of course, there are a lot of other powers available to the character. I am interested in the flying idea though!! Thank you for your feedback Do you have any recommendations for places I could look for more research about the ins and outs of this? Thank you :) My turn to apologize for the delay. I've been off reddit for awhile. Sending you a PM with my email address. Super powers like laser vision, super sonic voice that smashes windows, super strength, mind control, telekinesis, telepathy, etc. The weapon could give literally any super power that doesn't require walking. Good luck with your game. 