Designing a Wheelchair Accessible Zipline - What are you desires? Also Qs in text below... Summary: I am part of a team redesigning a zipline in a disability specific camp-site and we are working on allowing both Wheelchair and non-Wheelchair users use said zipline as independantly as possible.  


&#x200B;

What would you, as a wheelchair user, like to see in this design? Anything to help your dignity? Comfort? Enjoyment, etc.  


  
Also, what are common and desirable techniques for attaching wheelchairs into vehicles? Are their standard that the vehicles have to obey?   


  


Any information will be so helpful, so thank you in advance. And please ask questions if you need further clarifications!  
 I’d make the harness secure both wheelchair and user so they don’t have to leave the chair on the platform. Makes logistics easier. Wait, you want to design a platform of some sort, attach it to a zipline and have a wheelchair on said platform, zipline across campus? If you want people to ride the zip line while remaining in their wheelchair, here's what I'd suggest:

Make it capable of holding 1000 lbs to accommodate people in power wheelchairs and make sure there is enough head room for the person in the chair and the person setting up the restraints. Have a seatbelt and/or torso strap for those without good truck control. Our van uses a system called q-straints to hold my husband's chair. Make sure the zip line automatically slows to a safe speed at the end since not everyone has the hand/arm strength to pull a brake.

If you want people to ride the zip line out of their wheelchair, you'd likely need a special harness and a small lift. 

Hopefully the harness can be put on and removed while the person is in their chair, then they can be lifted and attached to the zip line. Make sure the harness is extremely comfortable, has good leg support, minimizes twisting, and holds the person upright. Research hoyer lift slings and full body harnesses. Yeah, that's the plan. I don't suppose you know whether, for example, on a minibus the user has to get out of the wheelchair to secure the chair down? Yeah, effectively :D Wow, thank you so much for the work put into that!  


You've agreed with a lot of the specifications the site has asked for;  


\- 5 adults + 1 electric wheel chair  


\- Slow decelleration at the end, automatically controlled  


&#x200B;

And I was looking into today, about supporting people's trunks/upper torso! However, things like leg support, minimal twisting is the ideal things that I need to know, so thank you!!!  
 I have the [Permolock](https://permobilus.com/permlock-discontinuation/) In my car, i use a ramp to get into the van, press a button on my chair, and i lock onto the permolock and then my chair is locked onto the floor What does a minibus have to do with it? Some newer models of chair have heavy metal rings welded to the frame as attachment points for bus and taxi rides. Very rarely would a wheelchair user not sit in their own wheelchair on a bus or train. Only if there were no tie downs available, I think. No, chairs can be locked into place without the user transferring out.  No way in hell am i going on that platform, i'm a little afraid of heights but i would be scared shitless of the platform being able to handle 150+ KG Awesome, thank you for the link!!!! I appreciate it! That looks very useful!

&#x200B; Oh, Ok. I didn't know that. I was thinking of Wheelchair Accessible Vehicles, like a minibus \[they are seen around the UK a lot, where I am based\], and assumed that there was a method of attaching the chair to the vehicle. I wasn't sure if the user of the chair had to be moved to secure the chair, but it sounds as if they don't. Thanks! Awesome, that is ideal! Thanks! Hahah, it's specification is that it would be able to hold 5 adults plus an electric wheel chair. It should be safe; but it's not for everyone! Be sure to have health and safety administrations check it out and get some sort of certificate saying so :) 