Do I have to let people smoke pot on my premises? I own a small business in Toronto. Until recently I never really stopped people from smoking pot in the smoking area. However due to complaints from a nearby school, I have started telling people that they can no longer smoke pot here. 

Today, a customer told me that they were legally allowed to smoke pot anywhere that people were allowed to smoke cigarettes as they had a government issued medical marijuana license. 

I have tried to do some research around this but can't find anything definitive about where medical users are allowed to smoke.

Any help would be appreciated In the future, the proper response to that customer would be to say "I'm not saying it's illegal, I'm saying it's against our rules now." A lawyer familiar with Toronto's laws specifically could advise you best, since I couldn't quickly find the text online.

Ontario doesn't provide special protections to pot smokers, and as a private business you're free to set whatever rules of conduct you want.  You can kick out pot smokers if you ask them to stop and they don't.  This is assuming that your business falls within the guidelines that allows smokers in the first place, since Ontario has some restrictions on that. The law allows them to smoke marijuana. You can't make that illegal. But the law also allows you to kick anyone out of your business that you want as long as you don't discriminate against a protected class. Customers after only there with your permission and you can set the rules for being allowed to stay. 

As others have pointed out there's a slight chance they could sue saying you're not making reasonable steps to allow someone who needs it because of a disability. Bit I feel like that's unlikely to happen. Perhaps tell people they can smoke elsewhere before coming in, just not on your property or near your entrance.  Down the road in Burlington there was a lawsuit that went all the way to the human rights tribunal.  The property owner won.  It was expensive but I think it may be used as a benchmark ruling.

https://www.thespec.com/news-story/3881162-gator-ted-s-cleared-in-medicinal-pot-dispute/ Be very careful with a refusal to accomodate a medical exemption claim. You may just stumble into becoming a test case for the Human Rights tribunal or AODA. 

You may want to email Health Canada, City Hall, AODA, or even CityNews & CBC Marketplace. 

Getting some documented opinions may prove valuable, most likely the issue has been raised before. Does your business have a "patio"? Technically it's illegal to smoke tobacco there. So your patron can't smoke there.

http://www.mhp.gov.on.ca/en/smoke-free/factsheets/bars-restaurants.asp

Outdoor Bar and Restaurant Patios: Starting January 1, 2015, it is illegal to smoke on all restaurant and bar patios, whether covered or not.

Your patrons can be fined and eventually you could be fined if you fail to try and adhere to the law. Almost certainly, no.  Admittedly don't know the granular details, but the federal govt expressly acknowledges there are real public health and safety risks associated with cannabis use... certainly at a minimum anywhere a minor can be one can prohibit it. 

Just bc something is deemed as a medical purpose doesnt give someone an unfettered right to do it where they please.      You may want to contact the RCMP or OPP or local police regarding legality here. It may depend on how far your smoking area is from the school whether it's illegal or not. If the smoking area is legally far enough from the school that people can smoke cigarettes there, I would think it may be difficult to do anything about it. However, it would also then be difficult for the school to do anything about it. You can ban whatever you want in your business. 

If someone wants to make a claim that it's medical/disability discrimination tell them you'd be happy to comply with their medical needs, but you'll need a letter from their prescribing doctor saying that the best and only acceptable method of use is smoking.

While most physicians are on board with the medicinal value of marijuana/THC/CBD, virtually none of them advise that smoking *ANYTHING* is healthy, and that the best way to use medical marijuana is edibles, tinctures, and ointments. 

 If they're on your property and in your business, you can refuse them for any reason at all, legally. As the provider of service you can deny said service for any reason you see fit.

So yes, you can tell people they cannot smoke pot on your property. No:

https://www.google.ca/amp/s/www.thestar.com/amp/news/canada/2015/11/25/using-medical-marijuana-now-ok-in-public-places-in-ontario-under-new-regulations.html#ampshare=https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2015/11/25/using-medical-marijuana-now-ok-in-public-places-in-ontario-under-new-regulations.html He can smoke whatever he wants in public, just not on private property. So if your smoking area is in public there's nothing you can do ... weed is still illegal, so you're definitely not legally required to allow people to break the law on your property, in fact, it's a good idea that you don't allow it. It's not your responsibility to ensure they have a prescription. Say it's against your business' policy, regardless of the legality, and to smoke elsewhere. You are not required to accomodate them. Following that logic, an establishment that allows cigarette smoking must allow cigar/pipe smoking, and I've never seen that to be the case. Like how it is with stores and their store policy. Do I understand this? Is that legal? I'm curious. Thanks u/PM_TITS_OR_DONT Thank you very much. I will meet with a lawyer next week.  "As others have pointed out there's a slight chance they could sue saying you're not making reasonable steps to allow someone who needs it because of a disability."

It does not have to be smoked. Cannabis can be eaten as well. So he's not saying they can't medicate. They just can't medicate by method of smoking on his property."  Therefore I think the chance of winning a lawsuit is fairly low. Plus what about "contact high"?  That would be reason enough I'd think. Cigarettes can't get you high.  Legal advice giving advice that  could result u in being sued and is being upvotes lol  There is already a case on file in Ontario with the HRT that ruled against the restaurant owner despite the fact he acted in good faith. I would lawyer up for this one.  Does that apply to customers in this fashion? I suppose it may depend on what the business is.

But is it really "refusing an accommodation" to request a patron not to partake in smoking on the premises by the owner of said premises?
They're not saying "you can't smoke," but rather, "you can't smoke *here*." To elaborate my understanding of how medical exemptions work.


OP can post a notice of no animals, but cant refuse entry to a legal assistance dog.


OP could post a dress code but OP couldn't ask a nursing woman to leave or cover up.


OP wouldn't prohibit an asthmatic patron from using an inhaler, or a diabetic injecting insulin before a meal. 


So back to the case in point. OP doesn't want the nearby school to start opposing OPs business, license renewals, liquor permits. So keep the THC away please, however the medical THC user has a case to point out that OP is preventing them from relief from their symptoms.

 No, we have an outdoor garden area specifically for smoking. It is not licensed and no drinks are allowed out there.  [removed] I don't follow your logic. I think the difference is that people use the cannabis as a prescribed medical cure to an ailment.  If it's in the US/CAN and OP owns the business/the owner is backing up said rule, yes, it is legal. The same way it is legal for places to ban smoking cigarettes on their property, which many do   Just replace pot with cigarette to make it more familiar 

Can you ban people from smoking a (thing) on your private property? Sure

I’ve noticed employers banning smoking on their entire company grounds, which may be huge. So if you want to smoke you have to do it on lunch, get in your car, drive off property, smoke and come back.

I thought places were cracking down on smoking.... until I found out they get a big break on insurance premiums by doing it. IANAL, but posting somewhere that you reverse the right to refuse service for any reason may help. You don’t need to let them on your private property if you don’t want to. [deleted] You can be sued for anything. If someone stopped paying rent, people would advise a landlord to evict them, even though a landlord can be sued for a lawful eviction. Even the best possible solution to a problem can still result in a lawsuit.  I was on mobile so i didn't have the will to navigate the HRT search. Have a docket # ~~But that only applied to a place where is was permitted for people to smoke tobacco.  I don't think it nessasarily applies in this case if he doesn't let anyone smoke there.~~

Nope, misread. The problem isn't smoke vs. non-smoke.  Its cigarettes are ok in the garden but no pot, by association banning medical pot. Change "you can't smoke marijuana here" to "you can't inject insulin here".

It might be legal but I certainly would not want to put that policy in place without speaking to a local disability rights lawyer. Seems like secondhand smoke should make this case importantly different. A diabetic isn't jabbing everyone present with insulin, a trained service dog won't jump on people and knock them over, and a nursing mother isn't stuffing her nipple in other patrons' mouths... but a smoldering joint *does* change the conditions for anyone breathing in the same space. In that case, the medical THC can go outside and light up I would consider asking the city by-law office what Ontario smoking laws apply to your space then.

You can still ask your patrons to not smoke cannabis and you can ask them to leave your property if they don't comply. They aren't a protected class. That's not true.  At a minimum have identified it as a risk for minors bc impact on brain development [deleted] I think the question is whether it is unlawful discrimination to not allow a customer to consume medication when a similar non-medicinal product is allowed to be consumed. I thought that you probably couldn't ban people from smoking in an 'public' (including business) outdoors area in the US, but then, where I'm from we still smoke in bars and cafes and a lot other places. > reverse the right to refuse service

Reserve* The *Americans* with Disabilities Act does not apply in Toronto. https://www.canlii.org/en/on/onhrt/doc/2011/2011hrto1714/2011hrto1714.html

https://www.canlii.org/en/on/onhrt/doc/2013/2013hrto1163/2013hrto1163.html

 [removed] There is a bit of a difference between those two, though. Injecting insulin literally does not affect anybody else. Marijuana smoke can, if anybody else is nearby. [deleted] The service dog might actually be the best example because you typically can ask someone with a service dog to leave if the dog is unduly affecting other people (e.g. barking excessively or jumping on people).  That's the point, OP has a garden for smokers but outside pressure (the school) wants him to keep it tobacco only. By denying pot and by association medical pot the OP is potentially in hot water.

Imho OP should scrap the on premise smoking entirely. Should op worry about getting sued for discriminating against people with medical disabilities? Would it be equally as legal for op to ban people using medical inhalers in his establishment?  [removed] Regardless of semantics, it's used as a medicine so the comparison to smoking a cigar isn't accurate.  The answer to your question is no.





Medicine related issues are not a "protected class", so it's up to the owner to allow or disallow.
If I'm the owner I can have a policy stating No Reuben Sandwiches because I hate the smell of saurkraut. People might not like that and not come back because of it, but it's not a legal matter. If the person were eating a brownie, they'd have no issue. OP is taking issue with smoking in particular. So this does not restrict access to medication. Just one format. Smoking can be banned on any private property.  Whether the public can access it or not.  No one has to allow smoking on their property. Some Hospitals are banning all smoking on their premise. Now let's not mince words here. Maybe Americans was meant to be a metaphor for Canadians. The title Yes there is a difference however if smoking tobacco is allowed but smoking marijuana is not then the second hand smoke argument is much weaker. And contrary to a lot of stoner beliefs, 2nd hand marijuana smoke does cause THC to show up in drug reports in very low concentrations.  There was a person who posted here with such a case was denied a job due to that. Ah, my bad, thanks for clearing that up for me  I'm having a real hard time finding actual legislation instead of news clippings. But from the news clippings I'm getting the impression that while medical users can smoke anywhere, and can vape in smoke free zones.

> Instead of popping two aspirins, you can now light up a joint at work – if you have a medical marijuana prescription.
> 
> Medical marijuana users with a doctor’s prescription are exempt from the laws that prohibit cigarette smoking and e-cigarette vaping in most public places in Ontario, Associate Minister of Health and Long-Term Care, Dipika Damerla, explained on Wednesday.
> 
> “The law allows for an exemption because someone needs it for a medical purpose … It’s about negotiating. It’s about balancing the rights,” she said.
> 
> **But Damerla said the legislation that allows for the exemption also permits business owners and employers to “override the exemption.”**
> 
> **“As an employer and a restaurant owner, you can say that there is no vaping, no smoking of medical marijuana,” she said.**

So OP should really contact a lawyer. You typically don't get sued up here unless their is quantifiable damages. Human Rights tribunal is handled by mail, phone, and mediator; failing remedy it moves to a formal setting. 

 ... no. [deleted] >The answer to your question is no.

Can you quote the relevant law?

>Medicine related issues are not a "protected class"

Banning medicine and devices which are used by people with a disability absolutely can be disability discrimination. Try banning wheelchairs in your store and see how quickly you get hit with a lawsuit. That's like saying that people would be free to take a pill but not inject medication. What if that is all they have and they need to immediately treat their condition? What if that is the method of treatment specified by their doctor?

It's just playing with fire unless cleared by a legal specialist. Sounds fair! I was not certain is all. Many colleges/universities as well. That seems most reasonable. [removed] Most companies have cutoff limits for Drug and Alcohol. Unless you are working for a DOT company, the standard for company drug testing would be to allow a low concentration (under 50 nanograms) and for that to be considered a pass on a typical 7 panel drug screen. 

People shouldn't be blowing second hand smoke of any type at non smokers, but in terms of drug testing, it would be next to impossible to fail a test through second hand exposure. 

SOURCE: Probably have test upwards of 1000 employees during my career   [removed] If an employee had a prescription for oxycotin for a legitimate medical condition and they were still able to perform their duties without increased risk of injury, then yes I imagine by not allowing them to work I would leave myself liable under employment law.  Look up "protected classes". 




This is about smoking. Wheelchairs have to do with mobility/access. And people with such disability are members of a protected class. Disability has a specific meaning. Just because I take a Tylenol (or boner pills) to help my headache doesn't mean I'm "disabled", nor do I get to claim disabled status. Nor do I get a fancy  little badge to hang from my rear-view mirror.




And lastly, blanket bans are not discriminatory. "No one can bring saurkraut on the property!" Not discriminatory, because it applies to everyone.




'Black people can't bring saurkraut on the property!" Discriminatory because it applies to a specific subset of people AND it's also a protected class.

Discrimination means you're singling people out based on who they are as a person. If you're banning smoking, you're not singling out anyone, you're banning the substance (nicotine, cannabis, etc.) and/or the method of consumption.  So go medicate yourself elsewhere? OP is not owner of a hospital to be forced to accommodate self-medicating patients.  So... the thing about medical marijuana is that virtually no doctor would EVER advise a patient that the best way to take a medicine is to smoke it. Almost all genuine medical preparations of marijuana are in edible or topical forms. There's some argument in favor of vaporizing it, but even then the doctors I've heard talk about generally say "it's not the best way, but it's still better than smoking".

So your analogy doesn't really compare.... it would be more like saying:  
>I was prescribed oxycodone, and like to crush it up and smoke it.   

While that CAN have a therapeutic effect, it's not exactly the way the doctor intents for its use, nor would it even be legal. 

As a business owner myself, if I were in this situation I'd ve FINE with edibles/tinctures/ointments but if a customer insisted on smoking in an area I didn't want them to by rule, and they wanted to make a legal issue of it, I'd ask them to get a letter from their prescribing doctor that says the preferred method of intake is smoking.... they'd never get that.  Yes, one of the hospitals I work at banned smoking on the entire grounds.  The grounds extend to curb of the 4 lane main thoroughfare in front of the building and extend many acres behind the building. 
 Smoker patients push their IV poles to the gotdamn crosswalk, cross the street, and smoke standing up on the sidewalk.  That's dedication. The issue is that a medical marijuana ATP card holder (medical exemption) raised concern at his request not to smoke it at a place permitted to smoke cigarettes. OP provides a legal space to smoke cigarettes on premise, but doesn't want marijuana smoked. 

I'm on OPs side, they are risking their business/serving license if the school starts raising a fuss.

This is a Canadian/Ontario specific question. Local laws/regulations may differ from those in your area. The Human Rights tribunal is a legal authority that can cause you severe expense if you act in bad faith.

My ultimate advice to the OP was to remove smoking entirely from their premise. Alright, but in the [case](https://www.canlii.org/en/on/onhrt/doc/2011/2011hrto1714/2011hrto1714.html) linked else where in the thread one of thread the situations examined is an open air patio where a person consumes 6-12 "cigarettes" (joints) over a 3-4 hour period. I understand walking past someone isn't enough for most jobs to fail, but in that scenario* would your opinion change? 


*Scenario being, in the same patio or same table as the smoker for at least an hour of the four hours. See prior comment. /u/Blarg2022:

I think that you are correct -- that it IS perfectly legal to ban smoking of pot on private property that you own. But as /u/DiaboliAdvocatus says, it is not as simplistic as the argument you made. You write:

> blanket bans are not discriminatory. "No one can bring saurkraut on the property!" Not discriminatory, because it applies to everyone. [...] Discrimination means you're singling people out based on who they are as a person. If you're banning smoking, you're not singling out anyone, you're banning the substance (nicotine, cannabis, etc.) and/or the method of consumption.

By that argument, I could choose to ban "wheelchairs" from my property. I'm not banning people because of who they are as a person, just banning wheelchairs. In fact, if someone who normally uses a wheelchair wants to drag themselves into my store by their arms or have a friend carry them in, they would absolutely be welcome -- I'm only opposed to the wheelchair itself.

I am reasonably certain that such a wheelchair policy would fall afoul of anti-discrimination statutes. I agree that pot smoking bans ARE permissible but in order to defend that I would need more than the argument you presented, I would ALSO need to distinguish it from the wheelchair ban.

I believe that it CAN be distinguished: the person using the wheelchair needs its aid continuously, while the pot-smoker does not. Under this reasoning wheelchairs and pacemakers could not be banned but pot-smoking and cough-syrup consumption could be. HOWEVER, I have not researched existing case law or otherwise put together an actual case defending this... merely demonstrated how one COULD potentially put together such a case. >Look up "protected classes". 

Oh I know what a protected class is. But I don't think you have more than a Wikipedia summary deep knowledge of this area and are giving confident legal advice which could result in someone being sued for a significant amount of money.

>This is about smoking. 

Except you made much broader claims then that.

>Wheelchairs have to do with mobility/access. And people with such disability are members of a protected class.

Yes, and you can be guilty of discriminating on the basis of disability status for blanket banning wheelchairs, despite your later saying blanket bans are legal, even if you don't otherwise ban disabled people from your business.

>Disability has a specific meaning. Just because I take a Tylenol (or boner pills) to help my headache doesn't mean I'm "disabled", nor do I get to claim disabled status. Nor do I get a fancy little badge to hang from my rear-view mirror.

Now that you've finished being condescending you might bother to look up the conditions which medical marijuana is used to treat. You'll find many which are considered permanent disabilities.

>And lastly, blanket bans are not discriminatory. "No one can bring saurkraut on the property!" Not discriminatory, because it applies to everyone.

This alone shows you have no clue how this area of law works as blanket conditions which predominantly affect a protected class have been found to be illegal discrimination.

>Discrimination means you're singling people out based on who they are as a person.

Yes, and this absolutely can be done indirectly by banning things associated with a protected class.

>If you're banning smoking, you're not singling out anyone, you're banning the substance (nicotine, cannabis, etc.) and/or the method of consumption. 

Go ahead and ban injecting insulin from your business and see how quickly you lose it and your house due to a discrimination suit. That might be how it works in Serbia but that isn't how it works in the US or Canada. [removed] [removed] No it wouldn't change really to be honest.  

Based on the training Ive gone through with pre-access D+A tests it is my understanding it is virtually impossible to fail that way.  That is coming right from the testing company during their employer education training.  

It probably would be enough to show up on a drug test, but not enough to put you over the threshold for a positive test. 

Again, that depends on the testing protocol, but most companies that operate in the oilsands, construction, riggers, etc will be tested with those guidelines in place.  [removed] The difference with blanket banning cannabis rather than wheel chairs, is that wheel chairs are always woth the user while cannabis need not be used at OPs business. You can ban the injection of insulin or the use of cannabis on your property without banning the users. If someone is at OPs shop and decides they need to smoke to relive on coming symptoms they are free to leave and find a legal place to use their medicine without inconveniencing others near them and abiding by the rules of the business, then come back and resume whatever it was they were doing. This rule doesn't violate disability laws because it does not bar medical marijuana users from accessing the establishment, just prevents them from *smoking* there. They can still shop there just not while actively smoking so there isn't any discrimination.  [removed] What are you on about? On your private property, you make the rules. Companies in the United States can tell you to fuck off and leave if they want. If you don't, they can have the police come and trespass you. https://www.quora.com/What-do-medical-doctors-think-about-smoking-marijuana-as-opposed-to-eating-it  

https://www.marijuanadoctors.com/content/resources/methods-medicating-cannabis  

https://medicalmarijuana.procon.org/view.source.php?sourceID=000360 

http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/smoking-pot-as-a-medicine-raises-questions-for-doctors-about-side-effects-1.4010938

(Related to above) https://hightimes.com/medicinal/doctors-orders-put-marijuana-in-your-butt-dont-smoke-it/

http://www.pharmacannis.com/il/how-to-use-medical-marijuana (under "smoking vs vaporization") 

I agree that smoking is the fastest and most common form of intake, and I don't think a doctor would deny that either... what I'm saying is that, given the alternatives, I don't know (personally) any doctor who would advise an actual sick patient to smoke ANYTHING, including marijuana, when alternative and equally effective preparations exist. 



Personally, I've been told this by multiple (5 or 6 at least) physicians and RN's I know, several of whom use marijuana themselves, and/or prescribe it. 

I attend 2 MMJ conventions a year as an exhibitor/demonstrator, and have close contact with numerous people in the industry. 

Patients who use it for legitimate therapeutic reasons (mostly) don't want to be high 24/7 just to treat their pain or symptoms, if they did they'd just go back to oxycodone and other pharmaceuticals.

 No, the issues is the OP doesn't want people to smoke pot in the garden space he provides for cigarette smokers. OP didn't care of why they smoked pot, just that the smell was generating issues from the nearby school.  

>I own a small business in Toronto. Until recently I never really stopped people from smoking pot in the smoking area. However due to complaints from a nearby school, I have started telling people that they can no longer smoke pot here.

The person with the ATP card raised the issue they can smoke pot where cigarettes are consumed. 

> No, we have an outdoor garden area specifically for smoking. It is not licensed and no drinks are allowed out there.

 Thank you, your expert opinion is very informative and goes against what I expected.  That's pretty much what happens when people smoke things, so I guess yes. >You can ban the injection of insulin ... on your property without banning the users.

If you try this in America you will lose an ADA suit. You have no clue about diabetes or the law. > The difference with blanket banning cannabis rather than wheel chairs, is that wheel chairs are always woth the user while cannabis need not be used at OPs business

That is *a* difference, but it is not necessarily relevant if the law says otherwise.

In the US, a reasonable accommodation must be made. It doesn't necessarily matter whether the disabled person has alternatives; the distinction is regarding whether or not it is reasonable to make the accommodation.

Do not confuse what "makes sense" with what the law requires. *Your post has been removed for the following reason(s):*

**Violation of Common Decency**

* Posts containing primarily negative comments, and lacking in advice, will be summarily removed without warning. Users who are consistent problems will be banned. Post to help, not to flame.



*If you feel this was in error, message the [moderators.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice)* >Companies in the United States can tell you to fuck off and leave if they want.

Not if they are doing so on the basis of being disabled. Or a number of other characteristics.

https://www.ada.gov/cguide.htm

>If you don't, they can have the police come and trespass you.

You seem like you might be LE so you should check with your departments legal office before you end up as part of a civil rights suit. [removed] [removed] Marijuana is still illegal and has no recognized medical use federally. ADA does not protect marijuana usage.

http://www.currentcompliance.org/2017/01/26/medical-marijuana-ada/

And yes, I'm aware that protected classes apply. However this does not seem to be covered. Well that certainly showed him. When did I argue against legalizing it? I was responding to the general claim you made that "companies in the United States can tell you to fuck off and leave if they want". [removed] Gotcha, apologies. I generally accept the protected classes being exempt as common knowledge. Youre up late for a school night kiddo. Now shhhh, time for bed. 