I want to work as an EMT but local private ambulance companies might have patients they shouldn't. Would I get in trouble? Hey, I'm starting medical school this August but want to work as an EMT to cover some of the expenses. However the local private ambulance companies are transporting patients that don't qualify for ambulance transport (because they walk or could be transported in wheelchair van which is cheaper) at the expense of Medicare/Medicaid. If my state's health department found out they would be under investigation and might get shut down. Would I, as the EMT that would be providing care, also be in trouble? Could something like that follow me to medical school? Not your problem. That issue is WAY above your pay grade. 

You have a patient, you do your job, keep them stable, and drive them from point A to the hospital. That's it. As an EMT your responsibilities are VERY limited. *I am a bot whose sole purpose is to improve the timeliness and accuracy of responses in this subreddit.*

---
**It appears you forgot to include your location in the title or body of your post.**

**Please update the original post to include this information.**

---
[Report Inaccuracies Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/LocationBot/) | [Author](http://reddit.com/u/ianp)


---
Original Post:

**I want to work as an EMT but local private ambulance companies might have patients they shouldn't. Would I get in trouble?**

> Hey, I'm starting medical school this August but want to work as an EMT to cover some of the expenses. However the local private ambulance companies are transporting patients that don't qualify for ambulance transport (because they walk or could be transported in wheelchair van which is cheaper) at the expense of Medicare/Medicaid. If my state's health department found out they would be under investigation and might get shut down. Would I, as the EMT that would be providing care, also be in trouble? Could something like that follow me to medical school? How do you know they are billing medicare? EMT myself, in IL. 

There are a lot of little things that can be put on a PCS form to, basically, make sure the patient qualifies. 

For instance, any psych patient can be listed under "elopement precautions (runaway/flight risk)" and "1x1 supervision" and "danger to themselves or others". Any of those phrases immediately take care of medical necessity for psych patients, and they also work in some cases for dementia patients.

Any hospital to hospital transfer is necessary for patient tracking, and is covered. Any pediatric transfer is covered. Any chemo or radiation transfer is covered, because the patient is considered unstable after treatment. Any patient with PMH of seizures are covered, just in case they have another. Most bariatric (400lb+) transfers are covered just because they don't fit (and most can't walk). Any active isolation (mrsa, c. diff, etc) is covered. Any oxygen is covered too. 

Now, you seem to be more concerned with hospital to home or  hospital to nursing home with patients that are sort of on the line when it comes to medical necessity. As you can see above, there's a lot that is immediately covered, and there's a lot more that I can't think of right now. Just because the patient looks fine or can walk now doesn't mean they are really fine on the inside. 

You, in another comment, mention seeing wheelchairs at home, and of being afraid that it disqualifies the ambulance ride. It doesn't at all, since the patient might have gotten worse since leaving, it may be for someone else, or they family might use it to push them around. There's a huge difference being able to push yourself in a wheelchair and needing someone else to do it. 

Also, there are a lot of people involved before a private ambulance shows up on scene. Usually, a nurse or discharge planner calls the private company, and they decide what's best for the patient. Then the call goes in a queue, where a dispatcher sends it to the crew, who gets on scene. The crew can then decide (and let their dispatch know) if they feel it should be downgraded (medicar) or upgraded (ALS, CCT). Ambulances can also fill out their paperwork at medicar rates - the company doesn't bill depending on who shows up but instead what services are performed. 

And if you are that worried, you can talk to a manager, or to someone in billing, or other coworkers. If they aren't helpful, or tell you to lie, then you have issues. But there are a lot of things that can be happening to or with your patient that goes way past the "but they can walk just fine" criteria.  The patients are old and low income so they can't possibly be paying out of pocket. Furthermore, they can walk or be transported by ambulance which would be insanely cheaper than ambulance transport which I'm sure the insurance would want.

Edit: I have friends working with one of the companies, and they confirmed that the patients have either medicare or medicaid, but that only one has an insurance number and that particular patient actually qualifies for ambulance transport. What you're saying is true. However lets suppose a worst case scenario occurs and their patients actually do not qualify and I've been transporting them. Would I be in trouble as well? Is it possible that the company also does this type of service? https://www.hhsc.state.tx.us/medicaid/mtp/

I don't see a problem using an ambulance as a medical van as long as it's billed appropriately.

Having been an EMT, I would only be worried about falsifying medical records or practicing about your scope. Or (half-joking) getting fired for falsely accusing your employer of misconduct. You need all of medical references in the coming years. If you directly lie, then yes. If you put in your narrative the truth (patient walked, was fine, etc) then you should be covered.  I don't think that's the case because the patients I'm worried about could be driven by family or wheelchair van. In fact I quit from my previous company last Summer because they wanted me to write that a patient "could not sit, stand or walk" when the patient had a wheelchair at home. I know some companies get PCS forms signed by doctors that don't actually assess the patients. Would a company's PCS form from a doctor clear me of liability if the patient is discovered by TDH assuming I don't lie in my reports?

Edit: http://emergencyambulance.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/EAS-PCS-Version-1.6.pdf 