[Illinois] Help with employment drug test requirement for person with moderate cerebral palsy. I know a person that is up for a position at Walgreens. She has to take a drug test to get the position.  She has moderate cerebral palsy. She has problems with dexterity, balance and fine motor skills. She also has a couple learning disabilities. Her mother asked if she could help her provide a sample for the drug test while someone watched and they said no. They also said they won't help. She's been panicking about this drug test for a couple days now because she's fairly certain it will be a disaster. Is it ok for them to deny her help while doing this? She should definitely speak to the eeoc about this.

Potential employers are required to make reasonable accommodations during the hiring process and what you are saying sounds more than reasonable to me.

The eeoc are the experts though 

http://www.eeoc.gov/contact/ How about a hat in the toilet? I'm not a lawyer but have some experience with folks with disabilities. I think what's reasonable would depend a lot on your friend's specific abilities. For instance, does she need help moving from a wheelchair to the toilet? Does she need help pulling her pants down? Or is it just that she can't hold the jar under herself to capture the urine? Your friend needs to call the testing place and explain in specific detail what she needs. For instance, "I require an assistant to help me move from my wheelchair to the toilet, how will you accommodate that?" Or, "I have limited hand function and cannot hold the cup under my urine stream, how will you accommodate that?" And let them figure out how to make it work. Having a family member in the bathroom with her probably wouldn't be considered reasonable due to concerns that the family member could help to substitute clean urine for dirty. If your friend needs a person to assist her, it will probably end up having to be an employee of the drug testing agency.  IANAL but regardless of whether it's legal or not, it's a pretty shitty thing to do on their part.

Was it explained clearly that she has medical issues? Also, where they asked if they could make any accommodations? I'm not insinuating anything, but obviously saying "Is there any way that you can accommodate us?" is much different from saying, "Can her mom help her?" Thank you for the information.  I'm not following.  I'm not sure of the extent of which they asked for accommodation.  I know they asked if an employees could help. However, I believe she went today. I don't know how it went yet. Thanks for your response.  I'm not sure how it was conveyed. From my understanding they asked about a bunch of different scenarios. Perhaps they do have a way to accommodate her that wasn't conveyed.  She's going today so hopefully it works out.  Not sure what the poster above was saying but they make urine collection systems that are basically a wide brimmed container that sit in the lip of the toilet and look a bit like an upside down cowboy hat. It's a plastic "hat" that you put into the toilet to catch urine. We use it for people who probably can't hold the cup like old people or little kids.  We call it a hat in the hospitals I've worked in.  Oh ok. Thanks for the information.  