[California] Neighbour constantly blocking my wheelchair access ramp Hello! I've been advised by a friend to come to this forum and ask about potential ways to resolve my issue.

A couple of months ago I moved in to a new house in California. It was specifically designed to accomodate someone who uses a wheelchair and I absolutely love it. Street access is achieved via a wheelchair ramp located between my and my neighbour's houses. The ramp is necessary (it goes over the gutter) because of a very peculiar gutter and kerb combination that's very wheelchair-unfriendly and potentially very dangerous for me to try and conquer by myself.

My problem is with my neighbours constantly blocking the wheelchair ramp with their cars. They are a large family that owns 5 cars and they can only fit 2 of them in their driveway, so the rest stays in the street (which is legal in the area). So far I've found the ramp blocked at least a dozen times. I've asked them on multiple occassions not to put their cars in front of the ramp, and they've been very apologetic every time, but they also keep doing it. It's especially aggravating when there's nobody home who can move an offending car for me, which means I'm stuck at my house. I find it degrading to be forced to go door to door to try and find somebody who'll help me down. On 2 occassions I've also had to call for help because I was blocked from getting back into my house.

Is there any way I can ensure that this will never happen again? I would rather avoid conflict with neighbours, but I feel like they're really trying my patience on this issue.

Any advice is appreciated. Contact the city. They can mark out a no parking spot, then you can have parking enforcement tow if the continue to park there. The section of the law that you're looking for is [California Vehicle Code Section 22500(l)](https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaySection.xhtml?lawCode=VEH&sectionNum=22500), which states:

> No person shall stop, park, or leave standing any vehicle whether attended or unattended, except when necessary to avoid conflict with other traffic or in compliance with the directions of a peace officer or official traffic control device, in any of the following places:

> ...

> (l) In front of or upon that portion of a curb that has been cut down, lowered, or constructed to provide wheelchair accessibility to the sidewalk.

It doesn't have to be set aside as a no-parking zone or for handicapped parking. It's presence, especially if marked (does it have the blue lines around the edge?) is enough to make it illegal to park in front of. Document every time it happens.

If they really cared, they would stop doing it. Looks like a call to the police might be useful. Contact your city and ask if they can designate the area at the end of the ramp a handicap space.   If somebody parks there, call the police and they'll tow.  Should only take one or two times. [deleted] Would OP be allowed to place something like traffic cones around the ramp?  (One on each side of his exit, far enough apart that he could easily wheel between them).  Wouldn't be a permanent solution, but might give him some breathing room while waiting for the other options here to pan out. The City of El Cerrito has a Blue Curb Application if this was your city it would allow you to have the spot in front of the ramp designated as a handicapped parking spot.

http://www.el-cerrito.org/DocumentCenter/Home/View/374

I would say if you could find a Blue Curb application or if no application ask how to make a special request or if you have to show up at City meetings and petition the counsel for one for your city that would be the best option. The fines are not cheap and a few of those are the best detriment. Contact the city or county responsible for the roads. You should be able to have it painted for wheelchair access (wheelchair symbol and blue diagonal lines). Fines for blocking these are pretty steep.  Is the area in front of the ramp red curbed? In California you'll notice that the curbs are painted different colors, which denote what type of parking is allowed there. Red means no parking (of course things like buses and emergency vehicles don't apply since it's meant to leave space open for them).

If the area is currently red curbed, contact your local police about it so they can ticket/tow. If it's not, contact the city about getting that area red curbed so you can report it. [removed] Thank you! I'll try that! Contacting the landlord, city, and maybe law enforcement in a written, reasonably escalating manner, starts accumulating valuable documentation.  Photos with time and date stamp should be taken as well. 

If you were my neighbor I'd make sure this wasn't an issue even if I didn't like you for whatever reason.  Good luck.  I thought about calling the police on them, but I don't know if they're actually breaking any laws. Are they? It would be better if it's made a total no-parking zone.  What happens if someone with handicapped plates parks there and blocks the ramp.  Now not only are they blocking the ramp, but it's a designated handicapped space and they're allowed to park there.   It's true. Even if it's not the neighbors, someone else could easily end up parking there. Access needs to be blocked off so OP can get in and out of their home.  OP wouldn't get charged for the visit? That would be my concern with calling out an emergency service for a non-emergency situation. I wouldn't be surprised at all if they tried to bill OP for services rendered.  No.  Citizens cannot generally do that.  I think that generally counts as a traffic control device. Another poster mentioned here that getting it blue curbed could mean someone entirely unrelated to OP would be allowed to park there with a normal handicapped parking placard and block OP's space without any recourse.  Better to try and get it designated as no parking, not just handicapped parking. [removed] Also, they may be able to mark it as a HP spot. Call anyways and tell them a handicap ramp is being blocked.  Yep you can call the police whenever a car is blocking the ramp :)  I'm afraid contacting the landlord won't be of much help because of a slightly complicated ownership situation. I'm heavily considering buying this house and would have committed by now if it wasn't for this unfortunate issue with the neighbours.

I'll definitely try asking the city to paint a no parking zone around the ramp exit. I'd rather avoid involving the police but I don't think they're giving me much choice. It might be worth a try. I'd at least send an officer over to take a look, because in most places it's illegal to block things like sidewalks, driveways, mailboxes, fire hydrants, emergency exits, fire lanes... so on and so forth. I'm not sure if your wheelchair ramp would qualify as say, a sidewalk but it might qualify as an emergency exit.

Plus sometimes just having an officer say "knock it off" goes a little further than you saying it, and for something like this most of us would be very happy to assist. Not your problem. call the police and let them sort it out. It's what they do! I just came to say I absolutely love your username, it is bomb AF. Second of all, i believe they are breaking a law by blocking an entrance. You can park on the street but you can't block an 'entrance' to a sidewalk (Like a dip in the road/someone else's driveway).  When you call the police, ask to be directed to their parking enforcement division. handicap loading zone, permit required, cannot leave vehicle unattended. that would be my suggestion for solution. This exactly. If you try hard enough and have a slightly shady doctor, getting a disabled permit isn't hard and would reset the situation back to the problem OP has now. The typical marking is a reserved parking space, blue curb with the wheelchair symbol in blue and a sign. The adjacent ramp access is marked "No Parking" with blue cross-hatch.  > calling out an emergency service for a non-emergency situation.

Keep in mind that OP would be calling the non-emergency line, so at that point it wouldn't be an "emergency service". [removed] I completely understand that. I'd avoid law enforcement involvement as well and contact them as a last resort. 

If you owned the place then there are more avenues you could pursue. 

Honestly short of that, talk to your neighbors some more and be friendly about it. I don't know your specific situation there but I hope things get better.  Thank you. If it comes to involving the police would you say I should call the non-emergency number and ask someone to come down to talk about the situation or would it be better for me to swing by the station sometime? My point is that even emergency medical situations end up with people getting billed for the ambulance ride. My concern was that for any help provided, they might get billed for services rendered.   If it comes to calling the police, don't swing by the station.  Call them when there is a problem and you're trapped in your house or can't get into your house.  They need to be able to see what is going on and they need to be able to talk to the other party.  I have had to deal with similar situations in the past and they are always very helpful when you are 1. Obviously Disabled  2.  Very kind to them and using your manners  3.  Not telling them what they need to do but asking them what they are able to do and is there anything you can do to help.

I don't have a good idea of what the exact situation is but if they park on a sidewalk, the cop can ticket them.  It is usually a small ticket $20? but they add up.  The cop will also likely bang on their door and ask the people to move their cars.  Nobody and I mean NObody likes having a cop show up at the door.  

The neighbors might be miffed about the situation but they aren't likely to retaliate.  I mean, if you can't get into or out of your house that's a serious problem that absolutely needs the attention of law enforcement or the city.

If cops can't take care of it, call the city help desk.  Explain your problem and have them direct you to the correct department.  If the city can do something about it they most likely will.  Why?   Because they are liable if they could do something about it and they don't - and you try to get around a car and fall into the gutter..  lawsuit... etc..  

You tried the nice way.  Now you have to push a little harder.  It'll be OK. Is this your sole access point to the house? Because if it is, this situation is also a fire hazard for you. Fire lanes are marked as unblockable spaces next to the business for customer exit, and so that the fire truck doesn't have to find a place to park while the building is burning down.

If this is your only access point, and they keep blocking it, this could be deadly for you very quickly if you have an accidental fire for one reason or another. It may also be beneficial to contact your local fire chief to discuss the issue. I think this option might be a little less "aggressive" appearance-wise than a policeman.   Either would probably work just fine, though you might get someone faster if you swing into the station. I'm not in the States but my grandpa had a similar issue in Canada.  The cops literally could not help until they saw the situation.  All they really needed was the documented proof of "yes, what he's saying is happening" and then the city was willing to block his area off.  The city wouldn't do anything without proof either which I understand as they don't want people to take advantage of something meant to help people.  I think we had them out once as well but nothing happened until the police could confirm it.

Now you may need to talk to the owner to get that done but mentioning that this is a big part of why you aren't sure on buying the property might motivate him a little.

Again, not in the States, but having an Officer confirm that you can not get out of the house any other way couldn't hurt.   