Georgia: Lady falls and breaks hip at neighborhood sponsored event at my house. We have a very large HOA and neighborhood. We have our "club" meetings at the clubhouse every month, but since the clubhouse was booked for our January meeting I offered to have it at our house. Last night an elderly lady came in, missed a step and fell. After she laid there a few minutes a few of the other ladies got her on the couch.  She seemed OK; talking, eating, drinking tea.  At the end of the meeting (2 hours later) she couldn't get up off the couch.

She called her daughter who lives the next block over.  Daughter comes over with husband and grandson. Within the first 5 minutes, daughter tells me she's a lawyer. They then decide they need a wheelchair.  Someone goes to get one.  Meanwhile, Lawyer Daughter is again making comments that she is a lawyer. 

For some reason son in law and grandson thinks it's a good idea to take the elderly lady in the wheelchair down our 2 front steps *facing forward*.  Son in law loses his grip or step, rolls over the wheelchair and railing in slow motion, and hits his face on our driveway. Face is bleeding, glasses broken. As they are getting the elderly lady in the car, lawyer daughter says, "I'm going to get a big inheritance!" (I looked her up.  She specializes in workmans comp and insurance company defense)

Also, I do not know this elderly lady very well, I see her MAYBE once a month and she probably doesn't even know my name.

Found out this afternoon elderly lady has broken hip. They are deciding whether to repair or replace. Son was also examined. Scraped up face and bruised shoulder.

I want this lady to get well. However, I felt very threatened by the Lawyer daughter repeatedly making comments about her being a lawyer. The other ladies in the club said later, "oh, she's only joking". yea. right.

Also, since this is a HOA sponsored event, can't they go after the HOA?  There was no negligence on our part. We are just middle class people.  We have basic homeowners insurance. Should we do anything at this point? I'm nervous.

TLDR: Elderly lady falls & breaks hip at our house during a neighborhood sponsored event. Are they going to sue us?

EDIT:  Thank you all for your comments.  I talked to Allstate Insurance this morning and they said since there is no negligence on my part, there is no basis to sue.  This is why you have homeowner's insurance.  You should call them now. Do you have homeowners insurance? This incident will come back to visit you about 1 week prior to the civil statute of limitations runs out for a personal injury. Let your insurance handle it. As long as you didn't have any unsafe conditions in your house that you failed to warn about, it's probably not going anywhere. Even so - that's why you have insurance. How much liability coverage do you have? TIL Don't have HOA events at my house Question:  doesn't there have to be some sort of negligence for the home owner to have to pay?  You trip and fall because you are old or a clutz doesn't show any negligence... And don't be afraid to dig into their pasts to see if they have a history of suing people. Make a note of what the daughter said, like a diary entry. Make a note of everything else that happened too. 

That'd be useful for your insurance or yourself if this goes anywhere. [removed] Op, in addition to getting depositions from witnesses you should get pictures of your stairs (and anywhere else that might be claimed to cause the issue) and have them time-stamped in some way.  That way if they try to claim something fraudulently like your stairs weren't up to code etc. you have a defense. This family seems useless and clumsy I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/bestoflegaladvice] [A sequence of misfortunate occurrences that will probably end in a lawsuit against OP and their porch steps](https://np.reddit.com/r/bestoflegaladvice/comments/5nd4wb/a_sequence_of_misfortunate_occurrences_that_will/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot) > For some reason son in law and grandson thinks it's a good idea to take the elderly lady in the wheelchair down our 2 front steps *facing forward*.

How else would you propose taking someone in a wheelchair down a series of stairs? yes.
 Would the best defense be notarized statements from all/most witnesses now while their recollections are fresh, or is that a waste of time? I'm calling Allstate in the morning. 
 TIL not to buy a house in a HOA You find them as you find them....  FRail old ladies breaking hips or healthy son-in-law's falling forward. They will say the steps were in a state of disrepair and the homeowner was knowingly negligent, they've probably already sneaked round and taken photos if they intend to sue. In principle yes. In practice probably most likely but courts can do funny things.  How does a layperson do that? Isn't the sad fact about the US of A that people sue for every and no reason? >How else would you propose taking someone in a wheelchair down a series of stairs?

Trebuchet, obviously. Take the wheelchair backwards down the 2 stairs. By going forward, it could have tipped forward and the elderly lady could have fallen out. EDIT:  I see your replies and I see where you all are coming from.  These 2 guys with the wheelchair; the teenage son and his father, clearly didn't know what they were doing. No one was in the front.  And it was only 2 steps.  If it's two steps, go backwards and pick up the chair. Pull them backwards so you have more control over the wheelchair. I only know two things about wheelchairs:

1) You use them if you can't walk.
2) You go backwards over thresholds and down steps. I find it very hard to believe the events happened as you state them.  It seems straight out of a bad comedy.

However, if you are sued, notify your homeowners insurance.  You can notify them now as a heads up. Written statements are a nice recording (so people don't forget) but if you want to use the statements the actual witness will have to testify in person. If possible, yes; that would absolutely be beneficial. Although notarization is not as important as signing the statement under oath (i.e., an "affidavit"). Depending on the state, a notary may be required. I'm not sure about GA.  [deleted] Since you're in an insurance state of mind now, you may want to research doing a personal umbrella policy to protect yourself moving forward.  Your car/homeowner policy will top out and a major claim against you could quickly hit that then you are liable for every cent over that judgement.  Umbrella will pick up where your homeowner/auto policy ends and goes up to several million usually.  You can get a $2M policy for around $200/year. I've heard you're in good hands with them.  That can be tough. . .

I'm in an HOA and though it's worthless it isn't bad If they are in a state of disrepair, OP hasn't stated that  To my knowledge lawsuits are public record Actually, no. The US is fairly low for frivolous lawsuits. It's an overblown myth that we're lawsuit crazy. it kind of is, its has become a norm where people sue even for 40 usd. You can launch a 90 kg elderly person over 300 meters that way. (That's 198 pounds and over 980 feet for you Imperials.)

There won't be an elderly person left to sue you. Depending on your aim, there won't be any litigious offspring left, either. So I'm trying to be stealthy so as not to wake sleeping people and I'm now laughing silently.

The absurdity of the image...

...and imagining the lawsuit that would create.  :D Saw this comment as I was clicking off. Came all the way back through to give you an upvote. Saw you already had plenty so have some gold instead Lol. No. Have you ever seen paramedics do it? [You tilt the chair way back and lower them one step at a time.](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/m1qrEZT2l6Y/maxresdefault.jpg) That is the safe way that healthcare workers do it:

1. Take the wheelchair in a frontward manner down the steps.

2. Grip the handles firmly and tilt the wheelchair, balancing on the rear wheels.

3. Move the wheelchair to the top of the first step.

4. Use your body as brake while gently lowering the wheelchair.

5. Control the descend with your body, keeping the rear wheels tight against the stair edge and roll the wheelchair forward and down the step.

6. Don’t let the chair drop unevenly or too quickly. Again, that is not how healthcare workers do it (even/especially for 2 stairs), because going backwards *dramatically* increases the risk of injury to either the person in the wheelchair or the person helping (or both). Taking a person in a wheelchair backwards is foolish and dangerous and much less risky than going down forward utilizing the proper technique. No. That way increases the risk that both the person in the wheelchair and the person helping will get injured. Healthcare workers are trained to do it as I described above. It does sound crazy. My husband thinks the son in law fell on purpose. We do have several witnesses to the evening of events.  I assume you mean the falling wheelchair bit and it sounds really stupid, but a friend in my old billiards club is wheelchair bound and I've helped him up/down countless stairs and I can absolutely see this happening if both the person in the chair and the helper(s) don't know how to handle a wheelchair over obstacles. 

I can for example imagine that the chair wasn't tilted backwards (or not enough) and granny's center of mass was in front of the wheel's point of contact on the stair, jolting Son-In-Law off his balance with an angular momentum forward he didn't anticipate. Not necessarily. An affidavit, signed under oath, is just as good as deposition testimony-- and much cheaper.  Thank you for the info. Med pay would not be enough to cover hip surgery. Some HOAs are bad, but not all HOAs.  If you live in a condo in a four story building, how are you going to get everyone to agree to replace the roof?  

I have a house in an HOA, and I am glad that my neighbor can't paint his house pink, or have a dirt yard.  I'm also not someone who wants to arrange for snowplowing, gardening, or pool maintenance.

 The steps are fine. They are in good, solid condition.   Probably pretty inefficient to try and look this way. Lexis and other doc managing companies offer a service that finds lawsuit history for you to determine how prone someone is to sue for every little thing. 

Not sure if this is only for attorneys or laypeople though, you'd have to check. The last firm I was at used this service to make sure our clients weren't litigiously eager. It's kind of not, considering $40 USD wouldn't be true litigation. That'd be a small claims issue where a lot of jurisdictions don't allow lawyers in this type of venue.

If people wanna pay double the money in small claims court costs to chase $20, let them. But you won't find lawyers doing nonsense like that, so the above poster's (NebulaMammal) point still applies. Oh FFS. Never change, Reddit! Actually we use [stair chairs](http://ems.stryker.com/products/stair-chairs/stair-pro-model-6252)  Why don't you enlighten us with the proper technique then?  It doesn't make sense to me so you'll have to explain it. As it stands you didn't offer any evidence, just a more forceful point.  These aren't healthcare workers. They don't have any training at all on how to take people down stairs in a wheelchair. The best way for them to get her down the stairs would've been the way that didn't result in any additional injuries, so obviously they picked the wrong one.  They train healthcare professionals in a lot of things non healthcare workers shouldn't do so that's not really a solid reason not to give yourself more control over the chair. You're 100% right that it's a bigger risk but you asked how else they could do it.   Son-in-law wasn't a health care worker, so he probably wasn't trained in how to do it safely facing front.   DEFINITELY notify them now as a heads-up. Even if you want to submit as just a record, it's better for you for any potential investigation, gathering of witness statements, etc, to be done now instead of months down the road. They are going to try to make a case that your steps are dangerous. If you have a phone, record yourself describing the evening along, don't worry about being coherent or totally perfect. But if it comes up in the future hearing yourself tell it may help trigger other memories where simply writing down notes may not. > My husband thinks the son in law fell on purpose.

I also can't help but wonder if the first fall was faked, expecting a modest payout, but the second was real and when the hip actually broke. Please take pics. Put today's newspaper somewhere in the frame so you can prove that this was the condition of your stairs on this date. The daughter sounds awful.  In a deposition the opposing side gets to ask questions.  That doesn't happen with a written statement. It might pay her copay though It isn't meant too. Usually you want enough med pay to cover a deductible or copay.  >I have a house in an HOA, and I am glad that my neighbor can't paint his house pink, or have a dirt yard. 

I have a house in 'Murica, and I'm not in an HOA because I don't give a shit what my neighbor does to his house, because 'MURICA, but to each their own I guess.  I live in a neighborhood with no HOA's, and nobody in the entire neighborhood has done anything like that. Totally normal houses and yards.

But but but, they could!

I don't care, I don't have to live in an HOA.  Don't buy a condo. Would you trust ~random people to find the best and most reasonable way to fix...everything in your house?  

No. Take pictures that can prove it. Include proof of date as well. I've seen paramedics use standard wheelchairs many times, but I've also seen them use the stair chairs. You don't go backwards with a chair because if you were to slip or lose your footing, not only are YOU going to go downstairs and possibly get hurt, but the person in the chair is ALSO going to follow you down and possibly land on you/get stuck/tipped out of the chair and get hurt as well. Even going down just 2/3 steps, you can still fall flat and have the chair on top of you. 

By tipping the chair back and going down one step at a time forwards, you minimise the risk of them fall out and you losing them. At worst, the wheelchair tips, they fall, but you hopefully stay safe and can help again.  See my answers above. Do your own google searches as to how to transport patients in wheelchairs if you still question it. That technique is taught to every healthcare worker because it is safer to all parties involved. It's January. They probably ARE dangerous, covered in ice and slush and whatever.  

E: guys, Georgia got snow and ice this week, it's not unreasonable to guess that ice may have stuck around, especially when two people independently fell. Oh, and also a resident commented saying there was still ice around.  The elderly lady didn't fall out of the wheelchair. The son in law somehow tripped and rolled over it.   Usually the hip is broken before the fall, it's actually part of why the person falls. It might be hard to prove where and how it was broken. Exactly.  Why would you subpoena a witness that's on your side? In general practice you don't do that. If the witness agrees to help, you take their statement and have them sign it under oath. That way, if they start saying something different in court, you can use their affidavit to impeach them, just as you would with a deposition transcript. An affidavit is much cheaper, much less adversarial, and gets you the same result--sworn testimony that can be used to impeach the witness later at trial, if necessary.  You might give a shit when it starts affecting your property value. My MIL proudly bought a house in a non-HOA neighborhood, and yeah, there are some really nice houses, and some with dirt yards and cars on blocks, side by side.  It does happen. So....everyone should buy, what exactly?  My Uncle lives in a condo.  It's all the space he needs, plus he doesn't have to do any of the upkeep on the communal property, or yardwork.  Lots of community trails, a pool.  He likes it.

What better alternative do you have for someone like this? The HOA isn't responsible for everything in a condo. In 8 years I've never used a normal wheelchair to go down stairs with a patient.  Either we use the stair chair or carry them on a blanket or mega mover. 

Many times they are on our cot and we lift the cot and patient down together. Usually if it's only a couple stairs [deleted] It's Georgia. Depending on how far south they are, they probably weren't covered in ice.  All the ice was melted.  You can still use that to say "Maybe dumbass Son in Law made it worse by faceplanting while doing something stupid."

Onus is on them. Now I'm picking up what your putting down.  I was thinking the opposition would want a depo of witnesses.  

 To me as a potential buyer, a house with a HOA would decrease its attractiveness Property value matters on two occasions: 

1. During the few weeks my house is on the market and I want to sell it, during which I would throw a couple bucks at my neighbors to clean up if it was that bad. But I'm not selling and hopefully never moving again. 

2. For property taxes, in which case I want my property value to be as low as possible, and anything that brings it down helps me. 

So, no.   I'd rather live next to a pink house then live in an HOA. Disbanding an HOA could only help property values from my perspective. I drove through numerous non HOA neighborhoods east of Cincinnati where I live when looking for a home. Not one of them had any of those things, so I dunno.  Everyone should buy what works for them. Neither is absolutely better or worse, it's more personal preference. (Although I won't argue that there are some *really* shitty HOAs out there) Apartment without an overbearing HOA.  If you are a competent human being and can find decent people to fix things, you're one up on the average HOA.   The HOA is responsible for everything outside of the walls of your condo.  That is the definition of Condo, you own only the space in your unit.  So, the exterior walls, roof, foundation etc are all owned by the HOA, that "the responsibility of"  actually *owned by* The many times I've seen it done, it was not done in the field, but in the hospital/ER setting, going down (or up) a few stairs. Nurses and Nursing Aides do the same thing. All the ice was melted.  Sorry, I missed where he said Atlanta  And my driveway still has ice in it because it's in the shade all day. During the few weeks my house is on the market and I want to sell it, during which I would throw a couple bucks at my neighbors to clean up if it was that bad.

_______________________________________

Yeah, that's not going to work if your neighbor has several trucks in pieces in his front yard.  

Property taxes are really your least concern.  Property values are usually underestimated by the counties when valuing them.  

The also reflect how much money is going into your local community.  So if the taxes are super low, then your schools, libraries, roads and EMTs are also going to be very thin on the ground to.

 My house had a bullet hole in a window before I bought it. Apparently it had been there like 20 years, there's no violence or gunfire around here, but I'm pretty sure that bullet hole saved me buckets of money when other prospective buyers saw it and decided not to offer... Didn't say it will happen, said it might.   > Although I won't argue that there are some really shitty HOAs out there

That make the HOAs that do work look really bad.  I mean, there are bad Drs, lawyers, accountants, restaurants, etc.  Logically you don't avoid all these things because there are "some" bad ones out there. Ummmm....apartments have roofs.  And many have private streets.  Who would be responsible for repairing the staircases and/or elevators?  How about paying for inspection of such?  What happens when the door/gateway is in need of a repair?

Sounds like an HOA to me. This exactly.  You'll have to forgive me for not mincing words.   I only work in the field.  You're absolutely correct though that going forward and tipping the chair back is safer then going down backwards.  If I had to use a wheelchair that's exactly how my crew would do it.  [deleted] >During the few weeks my house is on the market and I want to sell it, during which I would throw a couple bucks at my neighbors to clean up if it was that bad.

>_______________________________________

>Yeah, that's not going to work if your neighbor has several trucks in pieces in his front yard.  

It worked in *Funny Farm.*

Kidding. Actually it worked for me, too. When I sold my last house I paid the neighbor to stain his fence that face my property. 

And why wouldn't it work for "several trucks"? Trucks are worth scrap. They also have another value as vehicles. Everything is negotiable. Everything. 

Side story, when I was selling my house my agent asked which appliances and stuff I would leave or take. I said everything was negotiable. She said, "really? I have few customers who say that." I said, "Lady, I'd leave the kids behind if the price was right." She got the message. 

>Property taxes are really your least concern.  Property values are usually underestimated by the counties when valuing them.  

Depends vastly on where you live. Proof of that is in the fact that, where I live, the County is not even the valuing body. The Town has an assessor who determines value. And in New York, state law says all property must be assessed at 100% FMV. Not a lot of room for undervaluing there, especially when valuing as high as possible generates revenue for the Town. 

>The also reflect how much money is going into your local community.  So if the taxes are super low, then your schools, libraries, roads and EMTs are also going to be very thin on the ground to.

I'm fine with that. Again, I want my assessment to be as low as possible. 

And you do, too. You take deductions on your income taxes right? Nobody wants to pay more taxes and our beautiful system is designed around that fact.   Exactly. You don't hear about the ones that do their job well.  [Difference is level of involvement, as I said.](http://peopleof.oureverydaylife.com/differences-between-owning-condo-apartment-9958.html) Atlanta area.  Well fair enough I guess. I have a sister in Atlanta and I know they actually did get some snow this week, I figured there may be parts of Georgia where it stuck around especially considering the number of people that tripped It's 50 degrees in new York city. I doubt it's freeing it atlanta.  Ever try to move trucks in pieces without wheels?

But let's cut to the chase.  Fine.  Live out in the middle of nowhere with few services and the cheapest taxes you can find.

Most people start their home search not with property taxes, but with schools, commute time, and community.

 It stuck around. I live 20 miles north of Atlanta and busted my ass on my own driveway yesterday morning. We just don't think about ice considering we might get one or two freezes a year. well ... okay fair point. :/ Snow and ice aren't harmful if it's above freezing.  Once the temp hits 67, any remaining indication of snow or ice is long melted away.

Plus, the falls sound more like they were staged acts than accidental anything. That's not how weather patterns work. >Ever try to move trucks in pieces without wheels?

Yes. 

>But let's cut to the chase.  Fine.  Live out in the middle of nowhere with few services and the cheapest taxes you can find.

I do! It works really well. It's great to grab a cup of coffee in the morning and looking out beyond the coffee maker is a U-shaped group of windows viewing a beautiful backyard and forest. In the winter I can barely see any neighbors and as soon as the first buds come on the trees we are invisible to everyone. 

But actually my neighbors here are far friendlier and helpful than my neighbors ever were in denser areas. 

>Most people start their home search not with property taxes, but with schools, commute time, and community.

It's possible to have all those and live in a place where you can do whatever you want to property without some nanny over your shoulder.  I never said that's how weather patterns work. I said I doubted that it was below 32 degrees in atlanta. Those are two completely different statements. One is an opinion and one is statement of fact. 