Can emoloyer require that wheelchair bound employee go two blocks down the road to use the restroom? (Oregon) Hi. 
Basically what it says in the title. My employer just hired a new employee, he happens to be wheelchair bound and we do not have an ADA accessible restroom in our office. It's an old building and we are a small organization <10 employees.
Their solution is to have him go down the road to the nearest coffee shop to use the restroom for the time being with the promise to remodel. It's getting colder and rainier here and it just seems so wrong to me to ask that of someone. I feel like restroom access at your full time place of employment should be a given. 
 There is not a yes or no answer to this question. Things that matter are the age of the building, does the business also serve as a place of public accommodation (like a restaurant), and the actual number of employees. 

I would suggest contacting Disability Rights Oregon, the advocacy center for Oregon. They are easily found on Google.  Your saying the whole business has 10 employees? If that's true, then yes, your employer can do this. Small businesses only have to be ADA compliant once they reach an employment number of 15 or more full time employees. 

Even the promise to remodel is simply a nice gesture, and not something that employer is legally bound to. 

It's nice that you have empathy for your co-worker, but they are most likely aware of their own rights, and what sacrifices they may need in order to work for smaller businesses.  If there is going to be a remodel, could they rent an accessible J-John and place it in the parking lot for the short term? Hi, I work in Human Resources and specialize in Employee Relations and employment law compliance.  While it's an unfortunate situation that you have, it's quite legal if they can't provide a bathroom to someone in a wheelchair.  I doubt the employer is just being contrary, and it sounds like they want to help since they have promised to remodel their bathroom, which is likely more than they are required to do by law.  At fifteen employees an employer is subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act (the ADA), which another poster mentioned, but moreover, an accommodation to a disabled employee only needs to be made if it is considered "reasonable."  There is no bright-line definition of "reasonable" under the ADA, but court precedent has essentially decided that reasonableness rests on a number of factors, including the cost of the accommodation (a corner shop is less likely to be able to afford expensive accommodations as opposed to a national chain of convenience stores, for example), the size of the organization (smaller usually = less money and less ability to shift job requirements to someone else, among other things), the disruption to the business's operations (will they lose lots of revenue or inconvenience their entire staff, and if so, to what extent), and the business's unique circumstances in relation to the individual's unique disability and position in the organization.  Remodeling a bathroom is a large and expensive undertaking, especially for a small business, and I doubt it would be considered reasonable, which is why I think your employer is all the more admirable for wanting to make that change for this employee.

&#x200B;

Furthermore, I think it speaks volumes of the employer that they hired the employee in the first place, if in fact the employee has been wheelchair bound since they interviewed and the condition is permanent.  I'm not condoning the practice, but many employers would fabricate a reason not to hire someone who is otherwise qualified for a position if they believed that the employee would be inconvenient to have around, such as the need to take a longer bathroom break because they're in a wheelchair and need to go down the street, or to provide a desk that is raised so their wheelchair could fit under it.  So I think it sucks for that employee to have to go down the street to get to a bathroom they can use, but I'm optimistic about your employer's willingness to accommodate when it's unlikely they'd be required to and think it speaks well of them that they're willing to hire based on skills and not fail to hire based on prejudices against disabled workers.

&#x200B;

I guess my question to you is, what would you like your employer to do at the moment beyond the accommodation they've already made?  If they can't afford the remodel or to move to another office right at this time, that is outside their control.  What other solutions can you find that would help this employee with this matter until the bathroom is remodeled?  If you're not sure, you could try the Job Accommodation Network (JAN), which is a free resource for employers to come up with ideas to help disabled workers do their jobs.  Try looking them up and see how they may be able to help.

&#x200B;

I should mention that I practice in California and am unfamiliar with any additional laws that Oregon may have regarding disability.  I was speaking purely at the federal level. So this is also an Oregon Occupational Safety & Health Question

According to [437-004-1105, section 4](https://osha.oregon.gov/OSHARules/div4/div4J.pdf) they are supposed to have at least one toilet, or "water closets."

However, further down, they state that "*(c) Toilet facilities. Toilet facilities at permanent work sites must be reasonably accessible.*"

So, the definition of "reasonably accessible" is what needs to be defined here.

You can ask them if the solution they currently have in place is within the guidelines [here](https://osha.oregon.gov/Pages/Contact-Technical.aspx) and request a consultation [here](https://osha.oregon.gov/consult/Pages/index.aspx)

*IANAL 