Can a landlord prohibit sexual activity on the premises? This question applies to the state of: Idaho

I am not in *need* of advice, since seeing the lease I am obviously not going to sign on to this property. Rather I'm just curious because this is really funny. You can see the rules here: http://collegiateinn.com/rules.htm

It claims "No sexual relations are permitted on the premises." This is also on the actual lease document. Is this actually legal to regulate? Can a tenant legally be evicted for committing the sin of fornication on the premises?

Previous tenants say that the manager is very *very* Mormon, preference is given to LDS people, and if you aren't you will basically be harassed, called out, and encouraged to convert.

It kind of stinks of religious discrimination. > It kind of stinks of religious discrimination.

It is.  That part of the lease is entirely unenforceable.  

Similarly, only leasing to, or at least giving preference to LDS members is all sorts of illegal.

However: It's probably wise to move on and find a different place, as you noted.  No use being the court case that corrects his behaviour.   I'm surprised no one has challenged this:

>No animals, other than Seeing Eye dogs for the blind, are permitted.  Idaho has a Religious Freedom Restoration Act at Idaho Code § 73-402.  Realistically, I don't think it would provide the landlord any cover here, but after _Burwell v. Hobby Lobby_ it's hard to be 100% sure on anything where RFRAs are involved. >or to use or have tobacco, alcohol

Wha? Why the hell would they care if someone is chewing/carrying tobacco? i guessed this would be related to a religious nut. wasn't wrong. *sigh* Pocatello. Go figure. These restrictions are common in Rexburg, Idaho (home of BYU-I) and Provo, Utah (home of BYU). By agreeing to enforce these restrictions apartment owners are considered authorized student housing for those who choose to attend these two educational institutions. Students are required to live in places that enforce these restrictions.
Edit: revised to remove unduly harsh remarks about BYU and its students.
 There's an exception in how the Supreme Court interprets these freedoms. It would legal to prohibit such a thing if the tenants were to share a common area. For example if you are leasing a room and not the whole apartment. 

Yes you may have to the right to privacy to do whatever you want in your own home as it says in Lawrence v. Texas but this doesn't apply when it infringes on the freedom of association. So if the landlord is Mormon and your lifestyle clashes with his he may do something about it. 

TL:DR it would be completely legal to prohibit sex and favor LDS if you are renting a room and not the apartment.  Talk to legal aid or the fair housing council. Sounds like it could be discrimination, and they may want to bring suit.

edit: or a private attorney who handles discrimination in housing/landlord-tenant law if you have the funds. There was an apartment complex recently built my senior year of college in the town where you couldn't have anyone of the opposite sex in your apartment, and a bunch of other weird things!  If it is causing a disruption and others can hear/see/know its happening especially if they have children yes. But if its in privacy and no one is forgive the term shaking the walls or screaming at the top of there lungs (which again if no one can hear or notice it then it is fine) I dont see how they can even enforce it? >It is. That part of the lease is entirely unenforceable.

I'm curious how so if the rule is applied across the board to everyone?  There is so much wrong there I don't know where to start. Why? Lots of landlord prohibit pets. I hate to admit that you're right, because after Hobby Lobby, everything is FUCKED. Hobby Lobby was a pretty straightforward statutory interpretation question (is a business a "person"). There was no question presented that involved Congress's ability to sanction private discrimination on religious grounds, which is the new major question that is at issue post-Hobby Lobby. Because "God has spoken against the use of tobacco", according to the FAQ on mormon.org Perhaps the landlord rents to young people and thinks it's a morally sound practice to refrain from sexual relationships until a higher level of maturity is reached.
 > for the deluded cult members who attend these two "educational institutions."

Look, I grew up Mormon, and have as many problems with the Church and with BYU as anyone.  But BYU is a world class educational institution, regardless of how you feel about the LDS. Thanks for the info.  I had no idea -- couldn't imagine living in that world, even just as an ordinary citizen with that culture going on around me. I was under the impression that that only applied to cases where the landlord was sharing a common area with the tenants (e.g. renting a room out).  Except the lease also prohibits guests entering your bedroom or hallway > But if its in privacy and no one is forgive the term shaking the walls or screaming at the top of there lungs (which again if no one can hear or notice it then it is fine) I dont see how they can even enforce it?

But that is what happens during good sex. Without that you might as well be masturbating. Because the part is born of a religious practice, similarly to if the landlord had attempted to require that all tenants, regardless of religious affiliation attend Mass. One way to get definitive answers would be to talk to FHEO:

http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/fair_housing_equal_opp/online-complaint

I don't necessarily mean file a complaint (although it doesn't cost you anything to do so), but look over the site and maybe contact them if you're really curious. It most likely violates the federal Fair Housing Act and Civil Rights Act and state equivalents.  Basically, you're being discriminated against on the basis of marital status (where a landlord has a "no fornication" provision, the legal issue ends up being marital status).  HOWEVER, that's not necessarily iron clad.

So, short answer: it's most likely that FHA prohibits this.

Longer answer: on the one hand, see _State v. French_, 460 N.W.2d 2, MN S. Ct., 1990 (A landlord whose religious beliefs were offended by renting to an unmarried woman who intended to live with her fiance did not violate the prohibition against discriminating on the basis of marital status contained in the Minnesota Human Rights Act), and _Barlow v. Evans_, 993 F. Supp. 1390, U.S. Dist. UT, 1997 (Sellers did not violate the Federal Fair Housing Act (FHA) by refusing to sell property to buyers whom the sellers suspected were polygamists, because the FHA did not apply to religious practices prohibited by criminal law).

But on the other hand, see _McCready v. Hoffius_, 459 Mich. 131, MI S. Ct., 1998 (Landlords' refusal to rent to residential tenants solely because they were unmarried constituted marital status discrimination in violation of the Civil Rights Act; the Civil Rights Act did not violate the landlords' religious freedom rights). But seeing eye dogs are not the only type of service animal. Or regrettably unfucked, as the case may be. Upvote for sure.  However, take a look at _Burwell_ on page 2780+ (S. Ct. reporter): the "least restrictive" means analysis.  The Court here decided that the least restrictive means would be for the United States to simply pay for contraception instead of making Hobby Lobby pay for it if it violated his (her...? its...? the company's?) religious beliefs.  So the Court said that the United States should start shelling out money to avoid offending the religious beliefs of a business.

One of HHS' arguments to the contrary was that the RFRA "cannot be used to require creation of entirely new programs."  The Court, however, disagreed and found that RFRA "may in some circumstances require the Government to expend additional funds to accommodate citizens’ religious beliefs."

Those are the Court's words: the United States must pay for things if a private citizen's religion prohibits them from paying for it.

As you say, it remains to be seen how far this will go.  You're right.  But we're talking about a lot more here than recognition of a business entity as a person with religious beliefs. If they're not adults, they can't sign a lease. And they have parents. And he's not one of them. Reddit is full of grade A know-it-all, assholes (ie, teenagers and twenty somethings). They bitch about intolerant religious folk but wouldn't spend a single moment attempting to understand why and how the other side has come to their conclusions. They have zero empathy for dissenting opinions, while shouting from soap boxes about their endless empathy for their causes. You are absolutely right. I realize my wording is a bit confusing. What I was trying to lead up to is that a tenant who is there before the OP and shares the same point of view as the landlord would actually have some enforcing power of the contract. 

Although, that area is a bit gray under the freedom of association.  That part is completely unenforceable. The landlord can't do anything about it.  I guess the community could just shun you or something.  >But that is what happens during good sex. Without that you might as well be masturbating.

From the looks of the rules, that's probably illegal too.
 With these folks it's probably mostly giggles and apologies.  So the standard is "born of a religious practice"?  What about something like "no swearing," "no lying," or "honor and respect your parents" being included in a lease? I don't think something "being born of a religious practice" necessitates it being discrimination. maybe the landlord doesn't want stains on the furniture :) Each of those cases pertains to marital status... But the landlord in this case, it sounds like, prohibits sexual relations EVEN between a married couple. The discrimination can't be based on marital status then, right?  I am gonna make a wild guess and assume that there person is not very informed about disabilities, and only thinks of disabilities as something blatantly obvious like if someone is blind, frail or in a wheelchair.  I agree there's language in there that seems to construe RFRA broadly. But Kennedy was in the majority in Hobby Lobby. The OP implicates concerns in Lawrence, one of Kennedy's pet opinions. I kind of doubt they'd still have Kennedy's vote in a case where RFRA was invoked to use state process (i.e. eviction and other civil court proceedings) to enforce a ban on sexual activity inside a private residence.

The right to sexual autonomy wasn't at issue, really, in Hobby Lobby because the Constitution does not grant an entitlement to a government benefit. The whole positive vs. negative rights thing. A negative rights case would be different where RFRA was invoked to ban someone from doing something, rather than refusing to confer a benefit on them.

But "different" of course just means a different question presented. Kennedy is hard to predict, and the Court can answer this different question by saying that it's not actually any different.  This is pretty rich. You are doing exactly what you accuse all of Reddit of doing.  Is it possible others on Reddit have difference views than you because they've actually thought about it and considered it? Or do people only have an opposing view because they are "Grade A know-it-all assholes"? Boom! There's your one funny for 2015! :) Idaho, not Canada. Then he SHOULD allow sexual activity. You may be right, and if you are, then it's really a toss up because I can't find any case law where a landlord just prohibited all sex even between married couples.  But OP did mention "fornication," which traditionally means sex outside of marriage.  So I guess the facts aren't entirely clear. I would actually argue that a "no sexual relations at all" clause discriminates *against* married couples, who expect to be able to have sexual relations with each other in their home, in favor of single people, who might not (either because they can do it at their partner's residence or because they don't have a partner).
 Housing discrimination about the disabled, in privately owned housing, is rampant to the point of insanity.

One of the more common ones is calling a place "handicapped accessible" because the inside of the place is all on one floor... but there are stairs going into the building/apartment.  Another favorite is "laundry on site" which is down a flight of stairs.

My favorite was the time I tried to rent a place that was refitted to be completely accessible. The owner refused to rent to me... because I don't use a wheelchair. Despite the fact that the federal government considers me physically disabled, this clown decided I wasn't disabled *enough*. Good points, once again.  Y'know, Anthony Kennedy may be the single most powerful person in the United States right now.  I'm not sure what to think about that. >Is it possible others on Reddit have difference views than you because they've actually thought about it and considered it? 

Nope.

This is something else reddit is also full of: dummies who think that any generalization is applied to them. "Well, I'm not a grade A know-it-all, so therefore I must comment to defend myself." If you're not an asshole, then you're not the subject of my comment, are you? If you have generated opinions based on all the evidence presented, why would you think my comment was directed at you?

The answer is that only the assholes comment that they aren't assholes because the non-assholes just shrug and move on....because they're not assholes and they know it doesn't apply to them. "oops sorry aboot that." 


"it's OK. Let's go get some free Healthcare." I wrote "fornication" because it sounded funnier. I didn't realize there was a different definition. The lease simply prohibits sexual activity. Knowing how difficult it is to manage a wheelchair, wouldn't you prefer a fully wheelchair accessible apartment go to someone in a wheelchair? If you can manage a less than wheelchair accessible place, that would be acceptable for you and the wheelchair person gets a great place.

It's like handicap bathroom stalls. If you see a guy in wheelchair coming in and all you have is a limp, you should probably step aside from the handicap stall. It's too bad O'Connor left the court when she did. I think she regrets it. She didn't end up with that much time with her husband anyway. And she's made known that she would have decided Heller and Citizens United the other way. She was another key swing voter. It is a pretty funny word.  Upvote for cool vocab! > If you see a guy in wheelchair coming in and all you have is a limp, you should probably step aside from the handicap stall.

I think it's more like:

> "if you have a back problem where you can't sit down on or stand up from the toilet safely without holding onto the handrail, then people shouldn't be dicks to you when you use the handicap stall even though you aren't in a wheelchair."   Wow.  You're making great judgements on what my disability is or isn't.  Plus, being in a wheelchair doesn't mean a person cannot walk at all. Plenty of people use wheelchairs who can, in fact, walk in a limited capacity.  Yet people assume that a wheelchair == paralyzed.

This kind of prejudice is exactly the problem.  The idea that "disabled" means just blind, deaf, or in a wheelchair is frustrating to those who have other disabilities who need accommodations just as badly. 