Lost custody because I use a wheelchair (WA & CA) Background: I have MS, and my health has been relatively stable, however I occasionally have flair ups that affect my balance. During those times, I’m prescribed a steroid and within five days, I’m better. I work from home, my van is wheelchair accessible and I have a great support network, so I can get through those episodes pretty well. 


I have two children, 8&10. I have primary custody because their father moved from Washington State to California. They spend 4 weeks with their dad in the summer, plus holidays and school breaks. 

Issue: when my ex brought the kids back from summer vacation, I was using my chair post flair up. He freaked out, and wouldn’t leave them with me. I called the cops, but since we didn’t have a formal custody order, they couldn’t help me. My ex filed an emergency custody order on the grounds that I am unable to care for my kids. This was granted by a family court judge, despite me bringing documentation from my doctor that I am fully capable. 

My ex brought the kids back to California. Our next hearing isn’t for another six weeks. He lets me talk to them on the phone, but won’t let us do FaceTime, because he says it’s too hard for them to see me so sick. I am devastated and don’t know what to do. 

Edit: I should add that I know I need an actual lawyer. It will just be a couple of days until I can meet with one, and I can’t stop thinking about this. You need a lawyer immediately.  My concern is you live so far apart, and once they get into school in CA and get settled, that's where a court will likely say it's in their best interest to stay.  Right now, it's easy to argue that it's in their best interest to stay in WA, where they have friends and a familiar school.  IANAL, but I think you could rapidly lose that advantage. Being disabled is not generally grounds to lose custody unless it would prevent you from caring for the children. Your lawyer will help you to gather the right documentation and proof of your ability to care for the children.  Emergency orders are, in some ways, easier to get than permanent ones so the fact that you lost round one does not mean you will lose custody permanently. 

A "formal custody order" in Washington is called a parenting plan. Washington uses pattern forms for family law meaning that, except in very unusual circumstances, everyone uses the same forms. Here is what a [parenting plan](https://www.courts.wa.gov/forms/documents/FL%20All%20Family%20140%20Parenting%20Plan.pdf) looks like. 

 You need to hire a lawyer.   
You need a lawyer.  I cant believe a judge would just take kids away from their home and out of school like that with zero evidence of anything wrong just because you have a disability.    Ask your lawyer how you can file a formal complaint against this judge also.    There is no way that what this judge did was best for the kids if you have a safe home and the kids have their needs met.    


Contact the AAPD to see if they can help or recommend an organization that can.    
[https://www.aapd.com/advocacy/](https://www.aapd.com/advocacy/)  
 Was his emergency custody request brought in California by chance? Because based upon your facts it sounds like they did not have jurisdiction to make such orders pursuant to the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act (UCCJEA).

Other than that, you will need to file a motion in due course. What did the judge state at the hearing? Were these 5 day periods discussed? Did you present a plan to deal with the children in such periods? Did you present medical documentation supporting your medical status (particularly that you are perfectly fine after 5 days)? Reach out to the organization [Disabled Parents Rights](http://www.disabledparentrights.org). They can’t represent you directly, but can provide information and referrals. So sorry this is happening.  Besides what others have said, you should make a record every time you ask to facetime your kids and he denies it (and if it ever extends to phones calls, that too). It will possibly look quite poorly on your ex that he is doing it and documenting helps. [removed] That is helpful, thank you Definitely. I know this is a complicated situation. I have a consult scheduled with a family lawyer for Tuesday. My mind is racing right now, so I just wanted to hear what other people might have to say in the meantime.  Not necessarily. It’s a situation where a judge had an option between two parents, one of which has unreliable flare-ups that could be cause for concern in a sole-parenting situation, and one of which who does not. 

Family court judges have wide latitude when it comes to finding the best situation for the children. 

I have a chronic pain issue, I understand flare-ups. I myself would be unreliable as a sole parent.  100% agreed if what the OP says is the whole story.  If it is true that the only part of the complaint that was bad was being in a wheel chair then the judge needs to be disciplined including up to termination.   Happy to help. 

One other thing to keep in mind is that their father is alleging a change in circumstances. i.e. that your condition has worsened to the point that you cannot care for them. Your attorney will know best but somethings you might be prepared to do is get a new assessment from a doctor to show you are *currently* capable, demonstrate to the court that you have adequate accommodation to care for the kids during a flare up, and show that you have backup support should you not be able to care for them. 

None of these are insurmountable and courts award custody to people with disabilities every day. Best of luck to you.  We don't have all the facts, so anything we said here would be speculation.   I totally get that. If things get worse down the road and it was in the best interest of my children, I would totally give their father primary custody. Just right now occasional wheelchair use is the only issue I’m having. And I have a great support network- my boyfriend, my mom and my sister all live within five miles, we have a babysitter who has been working with us since they were toddlers, I even have a home health aid when I need it.  