(TN) Wheelchair transport did not secure grandpas wheelchair and he fell in transport. Maybe jumping the gun as this is an ongoing event, but advice never hurts.

At 11 AM today my grandpa ,88, left an oncologist appointment and was in the process of being transported back to his assisted living facility in a wheelchair transport van.  They did not strap in his wheelchair.  Upon the first turn out of the hospital to the main road the wheelchair along with my grandpa tipped over resulting in him hitting his head and cutting his hand pretty severely.   Since the transport people are not EMTs they had to call an actual ambulance to transport him on a stretcher to the ER at the hospital they were on the property of. 

My father (grandfathers son) lives in MS, I live in FL.  The only "family" he has to advocate for him in TN is my maternal grandma, 89, who was in her car behind the van when this happened as she has taken on a companion/caregiver role with him, goes to all his doctors appointments and is with him now in the ER. 
  He is currently undergoing CTs and Xrays to determine the extent of any injuries.  Since we are not there and no one has talked to my grandpa directly, we don't the full extent of even visible injuries besides his hand being cut and head being hit as my 89-year-old grandma relaying the information was understandably upset and not sure if anything else was visibly hurt.

  My father has received a call from the director of the transport from the hospital service explaining what happened but (I assume) since his evaluation isn't complete didn't say anything about where we move forward from here.  We have told my grandma to not let him sign anything or any kind of release of responsibility or any paperwork the company would possibly give him.

  I guess my question, on behalf of my father who is freaking out and understandably extremely angry, is are they responsible for the medical bills/any potential damages that come of this.  I assume they are as this was a result of their negligence to properly secure the wheelchair.  If so should we simply try to work something out with them or speak to an attorney (and if so how soon)?
 IANAL. 

If this were my family, I would call personal injury attorneys sooner than later. Don’t try to handle this on your own. Grandpa hit his head, this could become complicated. 

Next, (after checking with the attorney to see if this is ok with them) I would contact the assisted living facility to see if their social workers can provide any assistance.  At the very least, someone local should “be there” to help your grandparents cope with this. 

Do you know if there are medical POA’s and living wills in place?

I hope grandpa ‘s injuries are only superficial.  I'd hold off on trying to accept any payment from them as it could be viewed as settling the matter. 

Has your grandpa been released from the hospital yet? I'd concentrate on that and seeing the the doctor says about his health. After you have him secure again you might want to start shopping around for an injury lawyer to find one you like before the hospital bill comes in. It's possible that your lawyer may be able to negotiate a settlement to make your family whole and avoid a trial.  Straight to attorney.  Document everything.  Do NOT let anyone be pressured into signing or accepting anything.  The statute of limitations varies, but you have plenty of time. 

This is anecdotal, but I know of someone that had a similar thing happen with the handicapped public busses.  They paid his medical bills as well as a settlement.      The employee who put him in the van admitted he did not secure the wheelchair at all. The transport company told my dad they would contact him soon, I'm assuming they are talking to their attorneys so I think it would be a good idea to get one on our side. 

Thankfully his injuries seem to be superficial.  He was released from the hospital about an hour ago and is back at assisted living.  The cut of his hand was pretty bad and they couldn't stitch it due to him having such thin skin, they told my grandma there was basically nothing to stitch.  His shoulder is hurt (the side he fell on was already injured due to a previous fall which landed him in assisted living.)

As far as POA, medical and financial my dad has that. I’m glad he’s doing well. Have your dad ensure that the hand is being looked after properly. Grandpa won’t heal normally, and I hate to say maybe not at all. My mom is that age, and has thin skin also (its common at that age) and needed a plastic surgeon to close a small wound.  An open wound is a very bad thing if not cared for correctly. 

 At his appointment today the oncologist actually ordered home health care to start coming in a couple days a week for another wound he has that is not healing but I will definitely make sure he talks to them about this new wound.   Excellent. Wound care is it’s own specialty. In my experience, the aide/nurse will not work on the new wound without doctor’s orders to do so. It’s a matter of getting the care coordinated. That shouldn’t be difficult.  