Should I Have Major Surgery Now? Or Can I Wait? I was in a car accident in 2010. As a result of that accident, I need a major bone fusion surgery that I've been unable to due to financial reasons. 

I had an 8mo gap in insurance in 2012, but have been fully insured since, via my husband's employee based insurance. 

My husband is freaking out, worried the surgery won't be covered if the current healthcare bill passes because it is a preexisting condition. I thought that it doesn't count since I've been insured since 2013. 

Can someone help me clarify?

I'm in Ga, our insurance is blue cross/ blue shield of TX.
 The new healthcare bill is **not** law yet and will almost certainly not look like it does now *if* it does become law.  The current bill is shit but it looks like in your case you are ok. As long as you have continuous coverage they cannot deny you or kick you off due to pre-existing conditions.  I'm trying to figure out worst case senario because the recovery time for the surgery is 12 a 18 weeks, which means I have a lot of planning to do t make it work. Thanks! The point is, no one can say because we don't have a viable bill yet that can pass both houses and a reconciliation committee. 

But the recovery time should be irrelevant. That doesn't play into how insurance pays out. So if you have surgery while you have insurance it should be covered. They can't retroactively decide something isn't covered or they aren't insuring you *after* you have the approved procedure.  Look, get the thing done now. I don't see where the upside is to waiting. I find it highly unlikely that the terms of your current health insurance will change that soon, even if this bill does get passed. The changes are most likely going to happen in the next year, so whenever your plan usually rolls over, be it in November or January. So do it soon if you're worried. Where to start? First, we can't afford it. We had saved up for it, and then had another major medical expense cropped up that killed our savings. We'd have to get a loan to pay for it. 

Second, I will be in a wheelchair for 3 months, possibly longer, and I live in a 2-story walkup. Even if I could find a way to get up and down the stairs, the apartment is old and the inner doors are not wide enough to accommodate my wheelchair.  Moving isn't an option, I've called every extended-stay motel in the area and none of them are wheelchair friendly, and I don't have family I can stay with. 

Third, I will have a much better outcome MUCH less risk if I lose weight first. I gained a ton after being disabled in the initial accident. I am working on it, and making good progress, but I still need to lose another 50lbs. 

Fourth, I'm in college and I have a child in elementary school. If I wait 2 years, he'll older and more independent and I will be finished with undergrad.

BUT! I am in constant pain. Every day. Some days it's mild, other days I fantasize about the day I'll eventually get to die. I can put up with it for another two years, but if its a choice between doing it now or doing it never....

....I'm still not sure I would be able to do it. I may have to consider amputation because the recovery time is less, I won't have to spend as much time in the hospital post surgery and I won't need a wheelchair.  I mean, I have no idea how you would feel comfortable saying something like this. You have no clue about the patients condition and it's doubtful you have any medical knowledge pertaining to 'bone fusion' surgery, much less enough to say something intelligent about it. Why do you think you'll be able to add something to OP and their doctor here? Your BC/BS plan will almost certainly not change significantly.  The ACHA does not mandate any reduction in coverage, and the 'brand name' insurers will not drop significant benefits. Specifically, the BC/BS plans (at least the group ones that I am familiar with) have had largely the same coverages for decades, even before the ACA.

However, my experience is that they will ask you if the injury was related to an auto accident, and so they may try to subrogate to your (or the other party's) auto insurance, but this will not affect your benefits - that is just them trying to recoup costs after the fact. I hope you aren't yet considering suicide, I'm repsonding to you saying you sometimes fantasize about dying.  Death is permanent, don't take it lightly is all I'm saying. Not judging you in the slightest, I coped with it for a long time myself.  Just replying to say someone noticed that comment and cares, even though I've never met you. What does your doctor think? Letting things like this sit can lead to a ton of complications. Sit down with your doctor and talk it out with them.

The landlord is required to make reasonable accommodations for you, if they can but don't then that's grounds for an ADA lawsuit. Though, if the hallways are too narrow then it's unlikely that there is a reasonable accommodation.

Ask around for charities. Churches and such tend to have funds that will pitch in for people who require essential surgery. Hospitals also tend to have charities that will pay down surgeries that they have to write off. Financial assistance *is* available.

As far as a change to the healthcare law is concerned, that's a year or two away from going into effect even if they passed something tomorrow. It's not immediate enough to panic over. You won't need a (temporary) wheelchair but you would need *a lot* of physical therapy and expensive prosthetics that you need to spend money for upkeep and adjustments for the rest of your life. And it means you'll likely be permanently wheelchair bound when you're older. Just saying.  Don't bother listening to people who have no idea about the medicine or your situation. They aren't qualified in any way to really give you decent advice. Thank you. Sincerely.  

I am not considering suicide. I couldn't do that to my child or husband...but if it weren't for them? Maybe. It's not just pain, it's how the pain, weakness, and disability has changed who I am as a person.  Neither bone fusion or amputation will be a fix, it just gives me a chance to suffer a little less.  Maybe that will be enough, and I can leave my fantasies for my Pulitzer acceptance speech.  I understand, pain just adds up and if it's constant, any break would be sought after.  

No judgement here.  Just making sure you understand the finality of it all, but sounds like it's not an issue yet.  Still, consider at least confiding in someone you trust, it might help.  Keeping that bottled up won't  