Strata refuses to hire someone to salt our stairs and wheelchair ramp. I slipped this morning. I live in Canada (Vancouver). My strata refuses to salt our frozen stairs and I have slipped taking my dog out in the early morning. Luckily I wasn’t hurt but when I brought this to the attention of the strata they refused to deal with it and instead sent out a memo telling homeowners to take care of it if they need to. My husband was on the strata for the first 3 years and always had a contractor take care of this. Am I wrong  for for thinking this is negligent? What do the strata's rules say about this situation?  In my area, they're responsible for clearing if there's a new snowfall of 3+ inches or if there's a freezing rain, but if there's less than 3 inches of new snowfall or the ice appears as a result of melting snow or rain that freezes overnight, it's our responsibility to handle it (and in all cases, we're responsible for digging our cars out). I'm on a strata in BC as well. They can be liable and it's odd to see them not do it. We do our own salting/shovelling at my building but we still have to do it.

Do you have a strata management company? If you do, voice your concerns to the manager. They should be able to kick it around for you. Could you elaborate what a strata is? The strata should ensure that the sidewalks and stairs are safe, but this does not mean it has to hire a contractor. My strata is also in Vancouver. It buys the salt, shovels, and other supplies. However, its the owners who must use these things. We take turns. The strata sends out reminder emails to owners to help out.

Hiring a contractor to come in every day it gets below 0 - sometimes a couple times a day if it snows heavily as it did last year - can be **very** expensive.  I emailed the property management company and the strata president. They said it was a cost saving measure to ask residents to take care of it. I think this irresponsible to relay to owners in an email especially if you cant ensure that it will be taken care of. A strata is pretty much the same as a condominium corporation.  A strata is a group of owners that along with the property manager, run the common property of an apartment building or townhouse complex. We pay $300 a month to the strata to run the building.  Do you have a private entrance? Sounds like what he call a HOA (Home Owners Association) in the US. Does your contract say they will salt? Are they breaking the contract?  
If the contract does not say they will salt then you will have to do it yourself.   Similar but not quite. In a condo building, many things are communally owned, like the exterior walls of the building, the lobby and hallways, the grounds, the infrastructure (boiler, utility hookups, etc). The strata is a corporation that manages this on behalf of the owners. Owners can elect who sits on strata. The strata will levy a fee, which goes towards common maintenance and repair as well as utilities for common areas.

The strata will also set bylaws about things like pets, smoking, allowable uses of common property, etc. So in that they are like an HOA. 