[CA] Wife works with special needs clients as a job coach and is being told she needs to toilet a new wheelchair bound client that is in their program My wife works for an organization that helps people with special needs learn job skills, find them jobs, and takes them to volunteer sites at churches/hospitals/farms. Most of her job entails driving these clients from place to place so I'd say in an 8 hour work day she drives on average at least half of that day if not more. They recently(about a month and a half ago) got a client in their program that is in an electric wheelchair, which isn't uncommon except that he has no use of his legs and very little use of his arms. It took management about a week if not two to realize he wasn't able to use the bathroom himself, after that there was a lot of confusion passed on to the employees.

First there was absolutely no way they were to lift and help him use the bathroom and he'd have to be taken home(he lives with his mother who works 7-5 which is during their program hours and sister who I believe is only in fifth grade) or wear a diaper, then they decided he could be assisted even though they have explicit rules with all other clients stating they are not to be moved or adjusted in their chairs, then they decided that same rule applied to him, now they are saying he can be helped once again. Today my wife worked with him and he needed to use the restroom and luckily she was near a single stall restroom, she wasn't able to do it alone and needed to call a coworker to drive and help her. 

She used to be a CNA so she has experience doing this but usually with Hoyer lifts or sit-to-stand lifts. Most of her other coworkers have zero experience or training doing this or outright refuse to do so. 

After taking him to the restroom she talked to an employee above her but not a manager and her superior was upset about it saying there's no way he can go into a women's restroom, and that she shouldn't have to go into a men's restroom either so she talked to a manager who said that they have to use a family restroom only, which the only ones around here I know of are Wal-Mart and depending on the jobsite or training for that day could be 45 minutes to an hour away. 

I'm not really sure what to look up I'm just not seeing how this is legal to have people with no training at all try and lift someone onto a toilet(especially since it took two of them), they could injure the client or themselves and it seems way out of the job guidelines since they had and still seem to have absolutely no idea how to approach the situation and are basically winging it and making it up as they go along. I don't have legal advice, but I do have practical advice. This client needs either appropriate personal care services or a catheter before he can participate in this program. External (non-invasive) catheters are easily available. 

 She could refuse unsafe work. Look up your state's Workplace Health and Safety regulations and follow procedures for unsafe work. 
This is unsafe. She is not being given proper training, equipment, or assistance to perform the task she is being directed to do. 

She should start by putting her concerns in writing to her boss, who can then try to find an acceptable and reasonable solution. If this does not resolve the safety concerns, and I am talking about your wife's safety, the. She can refuse work. They may still have an obligation to pay her for time missed. 

Again, check your state's regulations or even call Workplace health and safety, it may be a bit different where you live. 

Edited for spelling You might want to ask your employer if they have informed their insurance that they have started having untrained employees help clients go to the bathroom. Once they think of the implications of that, your issue might solve itself. Not a lawyer, but a former job coach. That is not normal behavior or within the scope of a coach’s job. The coaches are there to keep the client on task and advocate for them if needed. That bathroom business is the job for a personal care aide. Good luck OP.  NAL - How has this man been attending to his toileting needs prior to participating in this program? If his mother works all day, he must have been somewhere, doing something.  While this may not fall under the duties of your wife's job description, I'm honestly concerned about an organization that is specifically for special needs people and doesn't have a plan/procedures in place to accomodate a wheel chair bound person with toileting. I'm extremely concerned that they didn't figure out for a week that a person with no leg use and little arm use, couldn't use the toilet himself.  

I would have her ask what plan they have in place for others with toileting issues. Since they obviously don't have one for this situation, he likely will need an aide to assist for just this purpose. The organization may or may not be responsible for providing one. Honestly, I wouldn't send my child to one that didn't. Otherwise, the parent may have to get one privately, medicaid may pay for one, but it's not a quick process. 

INAL, I've been through similar with my disabled daughter. Our facility has a policy that you don’t lift over approx 35 lbs because of the risk of injury to the person lifting.m, and we have yearly competency tests to reduce the risk of injury. Does her workplace cover potential injuries to herself and the client? If you’re going to start doing lifts, there probably needs to be documented education sessions with everyone. If a person does not feel adequately trained to do this, they should not do it, it can be very dangerous. This policy of who can/can not be assisted needs to be clarified from management, with assurance that workman’s comp will cover any claims of injury. Make sure (I’m writing) that if you’re injured, you’re not in trouble for breaking policy.  I've worked in supported employment for a number of years, and I've never seen job coaches performing toileting with clients. Job coaching has two funding sources, DVRs and DDD. You need to either discuss this with their DVRs counsellor or DDD support coordinator ASAP. If DDD is involved they will assign a nurse/caretaker to accompany the client in the job. DDD will not be involved if they are under 21, so DVRs needs to be told about the situation. If they're still in highschool, it's a whole other story. 

Either way, I'm pretty sure there is higher level training involved when helping a client with hygienic needs.

Edit: she may be an exception due to her CNA experience. But still, the service your company provides is job coaching! Unless you're in the books as a personal care aid, something isn't right. A proper bowel care regimen and an adult brief (depends) may also be necessary for this client to get through the day I'll start looking right now, thank you very much for the help Exactly what I was thinking.  absolutely this should be the biggest concern for this organization.  having a a special needs child at home that will be in diapers for the rest of her life this is something that gets discussed at every new place that we leave her at.  Many special needs children/adults will have a full time caregiver that travels with them for this very reason.  if the organizations policy is not to take this adult to the bathroom then the family needs to provide them with that or they need to be pulled from the program. (Obligatory IANAL) To add to that, if she contacts management and they’re unresponsive, she could go ahead and contact the regional center that oversees licensing and funding for the program to see what type of care their license entails. If their program stipulates that they are to provide toileting care for their clients but management isn’t providing training or safety protocols, the regional center would certainly love to hear about it. It’s their job to make sure these programs are being run like they should be and that the clients are safe.  I am not a lawyer, but I have supervised people doing work very similar to your wife.  