Illegally parked truck blocked a wheelchair ramp (with photo evidence), ending with me falling and causing surgery recovery delays Location: Atlanta, GA

I am a current university undergrad who recently tore my achilles tendon in a sports-related injury and I got surgery about a month ago. My foot was put into a cast and the doctor advised me a use a knee scooter to get around campus more efficiently (my alternative being crutches, which would be a living hell given how hilly our campus is). 

Four days after my surgery, I was trying to get to class when the incident happened. My normal, most efficient route includes a set of 15-20 stairs that I go up but the knee scooter makes any type of stairs impossible to navigate so my only other option was to use the wheelchair ramp on the side of the curb. However, a campus facility maintenance truck was parked halfway ON the curb, completely blocking the wheelchair ramp. I had no other option and was running short on time so I decided to try to go down the curb. While awkwardly doing so, I fell towards the side of my injured leg and extended that leg to catch myself out of instinct. It was extremely painful (probably worse than the original injury itself).

My doctor said based on the current status of my healing, it is probable that I did some damage to my recovery process. However, my doctor said that it is too early to get an MRI/ultrasound because the healing process isn't finished yet and any type of secondary surgery/treatment would not be possible until then.

I was extremely angry and frustrated when the incident occurred and reported what had happened to the school. Thankfully, I remembered to take a picture for evidence and I included that in the email. Here is the school's reply "We apologize. The Crew was pulling material collected from the plaza. We have instructed them not to block this area going forward."

Does this count as an admission of guilt? I am already very burdened with a bunch of medical bills that I'm struggling to pay (not even considering any extra surgery/treatment that I might need later down the line). I am a complete emotional/mental wreck right now and I just feel very helpless with this whole situation as the original achilles tear will already change my life (end of my college sports career, possible future tendonitis and other problems, etc.) and any type of further damage will only worsen my situation. 

Could the school pay my bills by any chance? Could I claim any type of emotional trauma? I was hoping you guys could help me out and shed some light on my situation >>Could the school pay my bills by any chance? 

They could. You can ask nicely. I don’t see how they are liable for you choosing to go down the curb. I’ve spend time in a wheelchair, crutches and a walker. Having a safe path blocked is infuriating, but those damaged are not foreseeable and were avoidable. You being in a rush is not their fault. 

>>Could I claim any type of emotional trauma?

Toughen up. Life is hard. 
 It doesn’t sound like you have incurred any bills, and if you do, it will be hard to pinpoint what was due to the fall. I don’t think the school would be found liable as you chose to go an unsafe route.  Blocking a wheelchair ramp is an ADA violation and you can file a complaint against the school (and should, especially if it happens again)

If your school has a support/advocacy group for students with disabilities reach out to them - it's likely they've already filed such complaints. 