Can an online seller refuse to sell me a wheelchair accessory? Tennesee, but bought online from amazon. So I went to purchase a headrest for my wheelchair, as I am disabled and getting worse, and it is difficult to hold my head up for long anymore. The seller (EZ LITE CRUISER) sent me an email stating I have to prove I own thier specific brand of lightweight electric wheelchair, . I told tand they will not sell me this accessory until I prove this. I told them its 1st gen, very old, bought 3rd party and due to the obvious mobility I cannot get those serial numbers. The man on the phone was extremely rude and condesending.  Saying since I wont take a "simple picture" i obbiously dont have their brand chair, and that people "knockoff" their brand and are having issues with them. I told them I understand, but Im not wanting anything for free or asking them to work on something for free. I just want to buy an item they publicly sell on amazon and the company website. He continued to get even more rude to me basically saying they get calls like mine all the time and basically "tough shit"

The headrest I paid for in full, these was no special discount and before the emails I tried to by once on Amazon, then went to the EZ lite website to try to order again. Mind you, they had no issues taking th $175 for the item an shipping before  telling me this item was "exclusive" and it was stated that no where on amazon or the site. Now, I am completely unable to find a headrest for my wheelchair since its specially made. Im so upset over how this guy talked to me (i know legally nothing can be done about bad customer service) but This seems unreasonable and never had something like this happen. Now I also have to wait however long to get my refund. Isnt their some kind of law stating if something is for sell, they have to sell it to whoever wants to pay for it? This is the dumbest "company rule" I have ever heard. I know this isnt discrimination , but if they wont sell something to everyone, shouldnt they have to state this on their site? They are not required to do business with any one person. Sadly they do not have any requirememnt to sell anything to anybody;  your best bet would be to enlist the help of someone to help you look at the chair for serial numbers etc.   You might get a little help from Amazon, or at least an honest but very negative Amazon review for the store might get a better response.  First check to make sure that the listing on Amazon states absolutely nothing about 1\)having to own their wheelchair to purchase the item and 2\)does not state that the sale requires proof of ownership.

Then leave an accurate negative review about them refusing to give you the product you \(thought you had\) paid for, how poor their customer service is, and how this is negatively impacting you.

Honest, well written negative reviews have significant impact these days.  If they do much business on Amazon they might want to take care of this properly.  If they do work it out please update your review accordingly.

Amazon is so big they likely won't do anything, but they don't like dishonest listings.  You might be able to get their attention. ---
> http://imgur.com/a/myIAb

---
*I am a bot whose sole purpose is to improve the timeliness and accuracy of responses in this subreddit.*

---
**It appears you forgot to include your location in the title or body of your post. Please update the body of your original post to include this information.**

---
***Do NOT delete this post - Instead, simply edit the post with the requested information.***

---

Author: /u/_audiotherapy_

Title: **Can an online seller refuse to sell me a wheelchair accessory? Tennesee, but bought online from amazon.**

Original Post: 

> So I went to purchase a headrest for my wheelchair, as I am disabled and getting worse, and it is difficult to hold my head up for long anymore. The seller (EZ LITE CRUISER) sent me an email stating I have to prove I own thier specific brand of lightweight electric wheelchair, . I told tand they will not sell me this accessory until I prove this. I told them its 1st gen, very old, bought 3rd party and due to the obvious mobility I cannot get those serial numbers. The man on the phone was extremely rude and condesending.  Saying since I wont take a "simple picture" i obbiously dont have their brand chair, and that people "knockoff" their brand and are having issues with them. I told them I understand, but Im not wanting anything for free or asking them to work on something for free. I just want to buy an item they publicly sell on amazon and the company website. He continued to get even more rude to me basically saying they get calls like mine all the time and basically "tough shit"
> 
> The headrest I paid for in full, these was no special discount and before the emails I tried to by once on Amazon, then went to the EZ lite website to try to order again. Mind you, they had no issues taking th $175 for the item an shipping before  telling me this item was "exclusive" and it was stated that no where on amazon or the site. Now, I am completely unable to find a headrest for my wheelchair since its specially made. Im so upset over how this guy talked to me (i know legally nothing can be done about bad customer service) but This seems unreasonable and never had something like this happen. Now I also have to wait however long to get my refund. Isnt their some kind of law stating if something is for sell, they have to sell it to whoever wants to pay for it? This is the dumbest "company rule" I have ever heard. I know this isnt discrimination , but if they wont sell something to everyone, shouldnt they have to state this on their site?




---
LocationBot 4.0 | GitHub (Coming Soon) | [Statistics](https://locationbot.info) | [Report Issues](https://www.reddit.com/r/locationbot) Why couldn’t you send them a picture? [deleted] I'm confused. If it is on amazon, why can't you just buy it there? Legally they are not.  However,  Amazon's internal policy requires them to fill all orders.  There is no way on Amazon to pick and choose your customers. I had my husband check when he got home and there isn't any, as I suspected they wouldn't be. I have found another vendor that hopefully my order will go thru with.  will do. I left the review on the specific headrest only and added that they told me that theyd do this for all accessories. On the bright side, I do believe I found a different company that sells a nicer looking headrest to fit the same style chair, so hopefully this sell will go thru. because I am disabled and sitting in said wheelchair, I cannot get out of it and take a picture of the serial numbers as they are on the bottom back side of the chair.   and I also bought it 3rd party a long time ago so Im not certain that the tag would still even be on the chair anyway Ill copy and paste the exact email they sent to me this morning. The only edits are to hide personal info:Mrs. Carpenter, we state on our website that we do not sell parts or 
accessories for other brands of power chairs:

https://www.ezlitecruiser.com/apps/help-center#i-have-a-different-power-chair-will-your-parts-accessories-work-with-it

Our policy is to verify ownership -- which we were unable to do with you 
because of non-compliance. We understand you have physical limitations, 
but there should be a way you can get the information we need.

We have inquiries from owners of all brands of cheapo light weight and 
foldable power chairs with no after sales support or availability of 
parts contact us for parts for their chairs, because the sellers of 
those cheapo products don't have the wherewithal to provide those parts 
for their customers, and certainly don't make that very well known when 
they trick you into buying their junk.

What you're attempting -- to put it in car terms -- is like someone who 
owns a Kia going to a BMW dealership to get parts for their Kia. It's 
not going to work. Just like BMW wouldn't sell their parts to a Honda 
owner, we don't sell parts or accessories for other brands of power 
chairs.

We hope we've made ourselves clear. If you can get the information 
about your alleged EZ Lite Cruiser, then we can verify it and sell you 
the parts you need. But from all the attempts you've made at 
purchasing, and failure to verify those orders, it seems to us that you 
don't have an EZ Lite Cruiser -- that is the most likely conclusion 
we've come to -- and therefore, per our policy, we can't help you.

We hope our policy is clear and we wish you luck getting what you need 
for whatever device you own. Please do not call to harass our employees 
or waste time sending us e-mail unless it is the verification we need.

Best,

Michael


---
EZ Lite Cruiser Support

The example they use is that a BMW dealership wont sell parts to a kia owner, Im sorry but Ive never had to prove I own a specific car to buy a part, and the whole "we only sell parts to our owners" is buried in the FAQ section. And I never called to harrass the employees. I made the 1 phone call inquiry. I tried to buy it there first, then my order got cancelled. So I went to the company's direct website and placed the order and thats when they sent me the email to prove I owned their specific branded chair Ah, I thought they just wanted a pic of the wheelchair. 

Since I know people are already telling you they can refuse service to anyone, wouldn’t it be easier to get someone to help you get the picture? Or maybe order a selfie stick to reach it? I'm not sure about any legal recourse but I would for sure let Amazon know, at a minimum they could have their listings removed. I know this is an old post, but how did they call you? If they used the number from your shipping address, they are not allowed to do that, and you can report that to Amazon.

Additional, sellers have no way of blocking buyers, so if they cancel your order, you can order again. They likely will cancel the order again, but they have performance metrics they have to maintain, and if they don't have a lot of sales, they won't be able to afford to keep canceling your orders. I had my husband look when he got home and there wasnt anything on it. So no way to prove it was from them I called them the one time after I got the email because I thought it was so weird. Then I called and that's when dude was super rude. I've left reviews about it on the amazon page, I'm not sure anything has come of it, and strangely enough I've been seeing a ads for them, mostly for the accessories.  Seems pretty stupid to advertise to people that literally can not buy their products.  The rep you talked to may be a jerk but he or she could have very good reasons for not selling a head rest to attach to a chair that their company did not manufacturer.  Were anything to go wrong with the headrest they could be held responsible and liable for any injury or damages. Complain to Amazon support, and reorder it. If they cancel, complain and reorder again. As an Amazon Seller myself, the fact you can't block buyers is a negative for me (we have one or two people that scam us and Amazon to get the stuff for free) but it is a positive for you. Eventually either your complaints will cause Amazon to act, or canceling your orders will hurt them enough that they will have to ship it. 