Photography client was unable to access bathroom due to wheelchair. Her lawyer sent me a letter saying they are considering filing a complaint for an ADA violation. Trying to figure out whether I am in violation. Location: Iowa I have a part-time photography business.  I converted part of my house into a studio.  The studio is has a private entrance that is handicap-accessible. The entire studio can be accessed by a wheelchair, as can the dressing room, and the dressing room has handrails in case clients need them.  

However, the bathroom is not fully handicap-accessible.  There are handrails but the toilet cannot be easily accessed by someone in a wheelchair.

I recently had a group of clients that included someone using a wheelchair.  At the end of the session they were on their way out, then she stopped and asked to use the restroom.  Because it is not wheelchair-accessible, two others in the group helped her.  No one said anything and everyone seemed fine when they left.

Now I have received a certified letter from her lawyer saying that they want to inform me that they are considering filing a complaint because I am in violation of the ADA.

It has never been an issue before and I honestly never thought about it.  In four years it has never come up.  My business classes touched on the subject but basically said that the responsibility of a business to make special changes is proportional to the size of the business. As a business making less than $10k a year I never considered it to be part of my scope.  

I am finding conflicting information on this.  Some resources say that a small in-home business doesn't need to be accessible to the same degree that a large store must be, while others say that every business, regardless of size, must comply with bathrooms, rails, etc. 

Making the bathroom wheelchair-accessible would be incredibly costly for me.  My husband says it would likely run $5-10k if not more.  

Can someone point me to a concrete resource on this?

Thank you. In addition to what /u/CastingAspersions pointed out, there are also exceptions for accommodations that would place an "undue burden" on the business, which is measured by, among other things, the cost of the action needed and the financial resources of the business.

It's quite possible that a $5-10k retrofit qualifies as an undue burden for a business making about that much every year. There is no "easy" answer to this - like many questions here, the answer is "maybe".  [Read this](http://www.ada.gov/regs2010/smallbusiness/smallbusprimer2010.htm) and see if that helps clarify some of the issues. 

 Pay particular attention to the **Existing Facilities** section:

>If your business facility was built or altered in the past 20 years in compliance with the 1991 Standards, or you removed barriers to specific elements in compliance with those Standards, you do not have to make further modifications to those elements – even if the new standards have different requirements for them – to comply with the 2010 Standards.
 Additionally, the ADA only applies to businesses that are open to and offer goods and services to the general public.  Can anyone off the street just walk into your studio and get service?

If you're not open to the general public, then you may be a commercial space not covered by the public accommodations provisions of the ADA, which only requires the removal of barriers to accessibility during new construction or renovation. I hope you don't mind if I ask a clarifying question of my own: is OP obligated to provide a restroom? If she disabled the studio bathroom would she have a problem? I'm wondering if you even have to have a restroom available *to anyone* at a photo studio. Did anyone else use the restroom? Not advice but that's a low blow by the customer.  I wonder if her attorney was one of the helping friends.  TIL next time you have a handicapped client turn them away before they enter your property. Thanks.  Yes, it would be a great burden to get this done.  Making the bathroom wheelchair-accessible would require us to make the bathroom bigger altogether.  But the previous owner put it in and it's in a weird piece of space.  

Two walls are external walls.  Not easy to expand out from those walls.

One wall has my kitchen on the other side of it, where my gas stove and refrigerator are.  Expanding the bathroom that way would mean moving that wall, which would mean moving the gas line and water line, and either moving ANOTHER wall and the island or getting rid of our island altogether.  The island has a sink so there's plumbing there too.

And the last wall has the door.  On the other side of the wall is the utility room with the furnace and water heater.  

So if it were as simple as moving the toilet or adding some rails it would be no big deal.  But this would mean substantially changing our house.  If we had done the bathroom addition we would have done things differently, but now it's done and it's costly to change..

Thanks for your info. Thanks.  I will read that and see if it helps.

Regarding what you quoted - my studio is part of my house.  It was built in the past 20 years, but it was built as a house.  The bathroom was put in by the previous owner (sometime before we bought it 5 years ago) but it was not in compliance with any standards for ADA because at the time it wasn't meant to be a business, just a house.

Thanks! My clients make appointments by phone or email, and then come in for an appointment.  I don't accept walk-in clients and no one comes in unless they have an appointment.  I will look into whether that exempts me.  Thanks. That's what I'm wondering. I had a retail store (CA) that was part of a class action ADA lawsuit. It was exempt from the restroom portion by simply not allowing public access to the restroom. I see where you're going but it's irrelevant at this point because he DID let someone use his bathroom.... the customer who is sending him the letters. So if asked "have you ever let ANY customer use the bathroom" he's be perjuring himself if he said no. Yes I was shocked.  They seemed perfectly happy when they left and no one said anything when it actually happened.  Everyone was all smiles and chatty.

A friend suggested that they are trying to get me to give them free stuff.  Like they think I'll respond offering to waive their costs or give them things.  I have no idea. TIL All sarcasm can appear ambiguous on the Internet. But to come into compliance could he simply not allow future public access to his restroom? Yeah, I realize what's done is done but, if I remember correctly, one of the options was to have assistance available to help the person in the wheelchair access the restroom.  There are some people who seem to make a living by nitpicking businesses over ADA compliance. It could be that's what these people were doing.

http://abc7.com/archive/7655664/

http://www.sacbee.com/opinion/editorials/article2609565.html

http://calwatchdog.com/2013/03/19/cracking-down-on-ada-lawsuit-abuse/ Most areas require that businesses provide restroom facilities to the public or at least their customers. I'm not going to look it OP's specific case because it's really a moot point -- if he's not going to let his clients use the pisser to avoid the 1-in-4-years visit by someone in a wheelchair, he should shut the studio down completely.  We call 'em "ADA trolls" round these parts.  Ken White @ popehat [ain't too fond of them either](http://www.popehat.com/2009/01/06/morally-disabled/).

  Even one of the Prenda douches has gotten in on the sweet ADA gravy train as well.  Says a a lot. Can you provide more information about the requirement for a "business" to provide restroom facilities to the public? No, I can't -- unless you happen to ask about a *specific* jurisdiction and then maybe I can. I didn't claim that there was a federal law that applied to all businesses, everywhere -- that would be preposterous.  Oh, since you said "most areas", and were citing this for action for OP, I imagined you could point to an example of what you were thinking of. This isn't something I've heard of except for some gas stations, but I've only lived in two states and am not a lawyer. [Here's one example](http://online.wsj.com/articles/SB112232855662695358). It took a few seconds to find on google.  