School bus stopping traffic for unreasonable amount of time. What is the law regarding school buses stopping traffic for unnecessarily long periods of time?

For example a driver who is early and is waiting with their stop sign out for students who haven't even left their house yet, or in my case a bus driver who stops traffic for up to 10 minutes on a two lane road that has no room for passing, which gets backed up for almost a mile, (in one direction it even backs up to a decent sized intersection) during morning rush hour, because the driver has to load a wheelchair student every day.

And before you call me an asshole- I must point out that technically the driver could load the wheelchair without even putting out her stop sign, since it is just one student and the kid's house is on the right side of the road (as is the wheelchair lift on the bus) and the road is as such that she can safely pull over with plenty of room for both the bus and cars to pass.

But wait there's more- not twenty feet away from where she stops every morning there is a huge gravel turnaround area where the bus could pull into and load up the student as slowly as they desire. This would literally cost nothing in terms of time or effort, save ten or twenty seconds of driving, but instead the bus driver takes perverse pleasure in exerting her will over hundreds of commuters who have to stop for no good reason. 

While the first solution would only result in an infinitesimal margin of risk to the students, the second solution would actually be safer, given that it is farther from the road, closer to the student's house, and given the lengths people will go to to get around this bus when they realize they are behind it and approaching this particular stop.

Legally speaking any other person would be fined or possibly arrested if they caused this much disruption to traffic on a daily basis, and given there is such an obvious alternative that the bus driver intentionally ignores I would love to know the best way to legally coerce the school district to move the bus stop a literal stone's throw away.

Thanks for any advice! They're literally there at the same time every day. I suggest leaving your house 5 mins sooner or later. Alternately, take a different route?

School bus stops are approved by the district and bus company on a basis of student safety.  >- I must point out that technically the driver could load the wheelchair without even putting out her stop sign,

No, the driver could not do that. The literal point of those stop signs is so traffic comes to a stop while loading and unloading students for the safety of said students. Because even with the stop signs, idiots still think it's okay to pass busses and they end up running children over.

>the road is as such that she can safely pull over with plenty of room for both the bus and cars to pass.

Unless the road is clearly divided, and you are travelling the opposite direction of the bus, that is absolutely not going to happen. You can pretty much never pass a stopped school bus, no matter how much room *you* think there might be.

>not twenty feet away from where she stops every morning there is a huge gravel turnaround area where the bus could pull into and load up the student as slowly as they desire. 

And said gravel spot is probably not wheelchair accessible. The school bus is there to operate for the students in need of transport to school, not for you. They will not intentionally make life harder for a disabled student and their family for the point of minor convenience. Not unless the school district wants to face some hefty lawsuits. Also, still not allowed to pass stopped school busses. Moot point.

>who have to stop for no good reason.

Not sure about you, but I consider the survival of school aged children to be a very good reason.

>I would love to know the best way to legally coerce the school district to move the bus stop a literal stone's throw away.

There really isn't one. You can attempt to complain to the district's transportation department but I wouldn't expect it to go anywhere. You could try city hall, but I'd expect the same results.

Do not attempt the police, they will lecture you. Take a different road? If its taking so long per stop, wouldn't going one street over be faster? You could call the school and suggest the driver take your desired course of action. If it is safer for students they may decide to go for it. Make a complaint with the bus company.  ---
> http://imgur.com/a/myIAb

---
*I am a bot whose sole purpose is to improve the timeliness and accuracy of responses in this subreddit.*

---
**It appears you forgot to include your location in the title or body of your post. Please update the body of your original post to include this information.**

---
***Do NOT delete this post - Instead, simply edit the post with the requested information.***

---

Author: /u/Sythya

Title: **School bus stopping traffic for unreasonable amount of time.**

Original Post: 

> What is the law regarding school buses stopping traffic for unnecessarily long periods of time?
> 
> For example a driver who is early and is waiting with their stop sign out for students who haven't even left their house yet, or in my case a bus driver who stops traffic for up to 10 minutes on a two lane road that has no room for passing, which gets backed up for almost a mile, (in one direction it even backs up to a decent sized intersection) during morning rush hour, because the driver has to load a wheelchair student every day.
> 
> And before you call me an asshole- I must point out that technically the driver could load the wheelchair without even putting out her stop sign, since it is just one student and the kid's house is on the right side of the road (as is the wheelchair lift on the bus) and the road is as such that she can safely pull over with plenty of room for both the bus and cars to pass.
> 
> But wait there's more- not twenty feet away from where she stops every morning there is a huge gravel turnaround area where the bus could pull into and load up the student as slowly as they desire. This would literally cost nothing in terms of time or effort, save ten or twenty seconds of driving, but instead the bus driver takes perverse pleasure in exerting her will over hundreds of commuters who have to stop for no good reason. 
> 
> While the first solution would only result in an infinitesimal margin of risk to the students, I could argue that the second solution would actually be safer, given that it is farther from the road and given the lengths people will go to to get around this bus when they realize they are behind it and approaching this particular stop.
> 
> Thanks for any advice!




---
LocationBot 4.0 | GitHub (Coming Soon) | [Statistics](https://locationbot.info) | [Report Issues](https://www.reddit.com/r/locationbot) 