City rebuilt sidewalks in my neighborhood but made them inaccessible for wheelchairs. Hello all! I currently live in a suburb of north Texas and the city I live in rebuilt the sidewalks to make them more presentable but did so at a steep. I’ll attach pictures at the end but there’s a near 5 inch drop off between the walkway and sidewalk making it difficult and dangerous to approach with a wheelchair. A friend of mine who came over at nigh also sprained an ankle not expecting such a drop off. When I asked the city, they said I’d have to pay ~5k to rebuild it to connect them even though they were before when I first moved. Can anything be done about it?

https://imgur.com/a/lCOb3Tv The CFDR (http://cdrnys.org/advocacy/) is a good place to start. They should be better able to help find resources to get this resolved.  Is the drop off to another sidewalk or is that a private walkway? What is this walkway? Looks like the sidewalk is compliant, it's your driveway that isn't...  


Same thing has happened elsewhere, with councils going as far to remove the lowered part of the curb to people whom didn't make there driveway join on. This sidewalk belongs to you and is your responsibility to fix. Lawn grade in both the tree lawn and within your property as well as the sprinkler head all match the new sidewalk. I wouldn't push this too hard with the city inspector but as you have already brought this to their attention they might force you to fix it .  You can hire someone to lift the slab or remove and replace. Is there a point at which your sidewalk and the new one are level to each other? If so, how far away is it that you would need to replace? Is the new sidewalk higher than yours at your door/steps? It almost looks like your sidewalk sagged so badly over time (possibly poured at an angle to just slope to street height?) that they were able to pour the new walk over yours! It does lead to my house so I think it would be considered private. My question would be that although it does lead from a public sidewalk to a private walkway, the rebuilding is what caused the issue.  LAOP's drive way is a soda can lower than footpath, making it hard for someone in a wheelchair going down the street to turn into their driveway and go down it because the sidewalk is high. It’s a walkway to my door  If that would be your private walkway, I would think that would be your responsibility to fix. The city re-did the sidewalks and eliminated the elevation change for the public sidewalk caused by your subducted walkway.  Just going by your pictures, it appears the walkway has settled and needs to be jacked up in the first place.  Can't say with certainty with the limited view your pictures are presenting, though. 