nurse broke my glasses (Los Angeles, CA) I had an optometrist that i used to go to, but now that i moved to LA i decided to go to a new optometrist here so that i dont have to travel far to see an eye doctor. When i went to the new optometrist's office, the nurse said she had to check the lenses on my glasses, so she took my glasses away to another room and came back and returned them to me, and i noticed that the frame on my glasses broke. Before she took my glasses, the nurse didnt even inform me that there might a possibility that my glasses could break. I called my old optometrist and she told me that in order to replace the frames I would have to pay $200 since my warranty expired. It's expensive since my lens prescription is high. i asked the nurse here if she can cover the cost since she broke my frame, and she said she has to speak with the doctor about it.. If the doctor says he will not pay for my broken frames, should I file a small claim? It seems unfair that I should pay for my property that someone else damaged, especially when she didnt verbally disclose the possibility of damage before handling my glasses.  Does she deny breaking them? she didnt deny breaking them  I feel like you should read/review anything you signed or otherwise agreed to. I did some looking, and this sounds like a thing that happens and no internet tales of woe led me to any conclusions regarding what you can expect here. What I think, though, is that they may at most be responsible for the depreciated value of the frames. 

 Why exactly are the frames so pricey? I've always been told it's the actual lenses that are the costly part. You can go get some frames from Walmart and have lenses fitted into them in some cases.

 There's a huge range of prices of frames, depending on what you're getting and where you're getting it. Saying just get some frames from Walmart to replace whatever u/mango_mochii handed to the nurse undamaged is like saying if someone wrecks your BMW you should be totally ok to replace it yourself with a Chevy. They're both cars, but you're not being made whole by that (especially not if you pay for it yourself). Besides, the old lenses won't fit different frames and new lenses, as you said, are costly so that's not really a cheaper option either. 

I've been wearing glasses for almost 30 years and have never had frames get broken when someone was checking a prescription; I would say the nurse is probably responsible for a replacement. Especially since she apparently handed them back without mentioning the damage which I'm guessing was pretty obvious. (Also, are you sure it was a nurse? I've never seen a nurse at an optometrist but I've definitely seen receptionists doing things like taking someone's glasses to the back room where the doctor actually does the checking or adjusting.) > Saying just get some frames from Walmart to replace whatever u/mango_mochii handed to the nurse undamaged...

 I didn't say that OP should get frames from Walmart. I asked why the frames alone were so pricey. I pretty much want to know if OP asked his former optometrist about replacing only the frames and not the lenses. 

>I've been wearing glasses for almost 30 years and have never had frames get broken when someone was checking a prescription

 That's awesome, but type "optometrist broke my glasses" into Google.

 >I would say the nurse is probably responsible for a replacement.

 I would say OP needs to reference any agreements he made/perhaps signed, and that if I damaged your BMW beyond repair I wouldn't owe you a replacement BMW. I'd owe you the depreciated value.

> Besides, the old lenses won't fit different frames

 Yes they will. We have no idea what shape OP's lenses are, but lenses are typically standard shapes.
Here's an eHow regarding how to do so: http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/michigan-meal-rest-break-laws.htmlhttp://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/michigan-meal-rest-break-laws.html
  > Why exactly are the frames so pricey? I've always been told it's the actual lenses that are the costly part. You can go get some frames from Walmart and have lenses fitted into them in some cases.

That's exactly what you said. But like I said, it's not really as simple as just grab some new frames, no big deal. 

> if I damaged your BMW beyond repair I wouldn't owe you a replacement BMW. I'd owe you the depreciated value.

...with which I could replace my BMW with a similar one. But glasses don't depreciate in value like cars do so if the frames cost $200 the frames are worth $200 and OP shouldn't have to settle for replacing them with frames worth $20. Especially at their own cost. 

>That's awesome, but type "optometrist broke my glasses" into Google.

Google's awesome too but my point is breaking a patient's glasses isn't standard and the patient isn't responsible for it. People questioning it on google doesn't change that. Even it if weren't a nurse she'd be responsible for damaging OP's property. Glasses are a medical device; if OP was asking about a broken wheelchair would you even question who's responsible for the damage? 
 Oh no, I meant "you" non-specifically. Like, "One can go get some frames... ."

>But glasses don't depreciate in value like cars 

 The absolutely depreciate in value. Google it. 

 >Google's awesome too but my point is breaking a patient's glasses isn't standard and the patient isn't responsible for it.

 The point I was going for was in response to the anecdote about your 30 years of personal experience wearing eyeglasses. It hasn't happened to you, but it does happen. Also, unless you have a knowledge base you didn't mention, how can you know whether or not a frame breaking during inspection is a standard/typical  occurrence? Do you sit in on the appointments of your optometrist's other patients? It's just, I wear glasses, too, but nothing I've ever experienced/witnessed by way of merely being bespectacled allows me to draw that conclusion. 

> Even it if weren't a nurse she'd be responsible for damaging OP's property. Glasses are a medical device; if OP was asking about a broken wheelchair would you even question who's responsible for the damage?

 She/her employee *may* be responsible for an amount of money representing the depreciated value of the broken frames. OP *may* have agreed to release them from that responsibility, he needs to review any documents he signed/policies he agreed to by engaging their service. If OP took his wheelchair to get repaired and the mechanic broke it, I'd be saying that mechanic *could* owe no more than the depreciated value of that chair. 
   > The point I was going for was in response to the anecdote about your 30 years of personal experience wearing eyeglasses. It hasn't happened to you, but it does happen. Also, unless you have a knowledge base you didn't mention, how can you know whether or not a frame breaking during inspection is a standard/typical occurrence? Do you sit in on the appointments of your optometrist's other patients? It's just, I wear glasses, too, but nothing I've ever experienced/witnessed by way of merely being bespectacled allows me to draw that conclusion.

My point is google is filled with anecdotes as well. But are you seriously suggesting that it *is* standard for an optometrist's office to break patients' frames? Because if so you have a terrible optometrist. And your edit on lens shapes refers to a dead link on meal break laws in Michigan.

Anyway, u/mango_mochii, speak to the doctor directly, not the nurse, because from what you've said she didn't mention obvious damage to your frames when giving them back so I personally would question whether she actually spoke to the doctor at all.  That damned link is the bane of my existence. This is what I meant to share: http://www.ehow.com/how_8308316_replace-eyeglass-frames.html. 

 Anyway, I'm just suggesting that we don't have the knowledge base to know what is standard.  