Can golf courses refuse entrance to a handicapped player? (In Wisconsin)  A friend of a friend was refused admittance to use a golf course *because* he is a wheelchair user.  I suspect they can refuse whoever on whatever basis because it's considered private property, but I'd thought I would check anyway.

Thanks! Sometimes this is a "owner isn't educated" situation. 

Link to resources from a random lawyer in WI.... because it's got a lot of links.[ PDF WARNING](http://www.christopherreeve.org/atf/cf/%7B173bca02-3665-49ab-9378-be009c58a5d3%7D/GOLF%20FOR%20PEOPLE%20WITH%20DISABILITIES%201-12%20JPW.PDF)

There aren't enough details to do anything but guess but I think the resources here could help any questions you have. This is not the golf handicap question I was expecting. Wouldn't a wheelchair wreck the greens and tee-boxes??  Why would legal recourse even be an option here??  Sometimes being handicapped means you just cannot partake in certain activities.  Sorry. I'm not sure if this has any relevance but here is a somewhat similar case : PGA Tour, Inc. v. Martin (2000) Under the ADA, businesses are required to provide reasonable  accommodation to people with disabilities.  This does not mean equal treatment, it just means reasonable accommodation.  

I'm not very familiar with golf, but from what I know, I don't see how it could be played by someone in a wheelchair, so it doesn't seem to me like reasonable accommodation would be possible.   If it is a private club and not open to the public they can do  bar wheelchairs on the course.

I assume they had no objection to the guy being in the bar or clubhouse.

Was he barred from watching a tournament or from playing?

It may not be a reasonable accommodation to require a regular wheelchair on a golf course, but if the friend's goal was to hang with his buddies for 18 holes, could he have ridden in a golf cart?
 #What’s your handicap???

<duck – runs> So oddly specific.  Nice find. That would vary by equipment, surely someone sells wheelchair wheels with wider 'off road' tires that would not damage grass and be more capable on rough surfaces. > Wouldn't a wheelchair wreck the greens and tee-boxes?

A typical wheelchair (edit: on the tee boxes) would probably leave fairly noticeable tracks in the grass, not tearing the grass but definitely bending it (in golf course terms this is a problem). On an actual green, less bending but more indentation into the surface (and again, a problem). If there are lighter wheelchairs with softer tires on them, I can totally see it not being a problem, but the big disclaimer on that pretty much goes for anyone, handicapped or not. If you're a total ass on the golf course, don't replace divots, and basically pretend that you're there to destroy the course (seen a lot of private club members with this mentality), you're doing just as much damage as someone in a wheelchair.  Assuming you aren't  hadicapped yourself, and probably aren't close with anyone who is, your attitude sucks.  You'd be surprised what the handicapped are capable of.  I'd suggest you adjust your short sightedness, or at the very least, educate yourself.  Sorry.   [deleted] It is relevant, but the point was that Martin could perform the essential tasks of playing golf he just could not walk  for prolonged distances, emphasize prolonged. There are people who use wheelchairs who play golf. And go skiing. And play basketball and football and baseball and volleyball.

Probably the only sport that people in wheelchairs have problems with is horseback riding, because getting the chair on the horse is so difficult.

(that last one is a joke, son.) The only real exception I could see is if the course had some feature that wasn't navigable by wheelchair, such as an elevated tee box with only stairs as access. [You'd be surprised]( http://www.amsvans.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/golf.jpg) >If it is a private club and not open to the public they can do bar wheelchairs on the course.

And non-white people and women, too?

The ADA doesn't get a pass because you're a private club. I have a kiddo who is medically "disabled" but doesn't have a list of accommodations. (technology is a wonderful thing)

I spend too many hours googling resources that say "you can replace normal fire alarms with flashing fire alarms if the landlord approves and you pay for it and you will put the normal beepy things in place when you leave - even though the strobe light fire alarms who also have 140 db announcements and are something the dead couldn't ignore - and I will leave them there when I move out unless you want the original ones back is an option. Can I leave scary fire alarms when I move?"

:) I can google disability resources with the best of em. I hope OP gets just a little more specific. I am in a google-foo mood :) Well if we're talking about tee boxes and greens, any wheels (even the thick ones on golf carts) will damage them. That's why you're not allowed to bring the cart on the tee box or within 30 feet f the green. Certain handicapped-labeled carts are allowed to drive right up to the green but not on it.  So regardless of which wheelchair used, the wheels will damage the course.  Yeah, unless you're capable of levitating the wheelchair is going to leave marks on the green. Like people have said maybe a special chair could be used, and it might be the course's job to supply that chair, but it's not like we can turn physics off so your friend is able to golf.  I'm not saying that a person who is wheelchair bound would be incapable of golfing.  I'm just questioning whether it would be worth damaging the greens with a non golf-friendly wheelchair and if it would be fair to the rest of the public.  Finely manicured golf greens would not take well to most of the wheelchairs I have come across. I would love to know what his unfiltered mind thinks at times. I find some of the decisions he makes repulsive, but he might be the last person I would cross in a verbal exchange. I haven't heard of one barring minorities lately, but yes, plenty of golf clubs bar women.
Augusta National did change that, but only quite recently after a lot of news about that rule, and they didn't have to change.  Many other clubs have not. Private clubs  are not public accommodations and can be men only and  race restrictive. Every couple years you hear about some professional golfer or judicial candidate who i criticized for being a member  and  shamed into resignation. Uh...Private clubs don't allow entry to non-white people and women, yes. It wasn't until VERY recently that Augusta (the super famous, exclusive club that the master's is played in) admitted its first black member (1990) and its first woman (2012). 

Neither of the first X members were admitted because of some kind of legal finding, the club chose to extend membership to them. "NFPA Deaf" My friend texted me and had no more details than I provided.  Sorry. > any wheels (even the thick ones on golf carts) will damage them

Uh, I worked on a golf course for two years that held LPGA events . Driving on greens or tees does not tear up the grass. I routinely drove on both weekly without mucking up a thing. Some of the equipment has tires with minimal tread, the key is to turn while you're moving instead of turning the tires while stationary. I've little doubt there are wheelchair tires/wheels that would do a lot less damage than the divots that have to be replaced.

Edit: dangling modifier correction. Yup, Lee Elder golfed in the Masters Tournament 15 years before Augusta would allow black men to be members. > NFPA Deaf

It usually isn't necessary. I just use the example to get a point across. Thankfully most people understand "Hi. Here is the deal - I can't hear. I have stuff. I can help you decrease your insurance rates. Here is how. Yes. This is totally legit and it's just a start of a communication accommodation you are willing to say yes to. You understand what I'm saying, right? OK Then you understand verbal english. so do I... so let's do this"

I love how the whole Deaf thing suddenly becomes a Hearing vs Deaf thing though.

It's never been an issue after a conversation. I didn't say tear up, I said damage.  I'm glad that you've worked LPGA events but there's a reason why you're not allowed to drive on the greens or tee boxes.  

>Some of the equipment has tires with minimal tread, the key is to turn while you're moving instead of turning the tires while stationary.

I'm sure there are ways to avoid damage to these parts of the course while on a cart but the average person doesn't know these tactics and will end up damaging the course, whether it's in a wheelchair or cart.  Also wheelchair wheels are much narrower than golf cart wheels so it will make it easier to dig in to the greens, thus damaging them. > I love how the whole Deaf thing suddenly becomes a Hearing vs Deaf thing though.

Did I miss something? > the average person

Granted. This thread is about an exception due to disability. I don't know if there is a wheelchair wheel out there designed for this, but I would be quite surprised if there wasn't. And again, the amount of damage could easily be much less than what golf courses routinely have to deal with. I'm not saying give the man his card and get out of the way, I'm saying it's quite possible that the accommodation could be made with minimal effort, mostly dependent on how the man intends to play.
 No. It's just happens in the lower 48. Are you in Alaska? Yeah?

I've spent a fair amount of time in the lower 48, are deaf people treated like some sort of 2nd class citizens?

My Wife's best friend teaches ASL in elementary schools(Teaches and interprets and follows them through to 6th grade) Big schism still in the lower 48. Deaf is as affliction (unfortunately) and is a medical handicap. It's not a linguistic difference like ti is up there.

(Only Alaska people will get this so feel free to disregard if you are a causal reader - I'm going to get snarky)

You speak Tlingit? Sweet!

You sign? Sweet!

You came from Chicken? Sweet!

Alaska is a lot more tolerant on languages and understands language and linguistic differences in a way that other places could only dream of.

There are still school where parents send "deaf children" to be taught there. Institutionalizing them? Yes. The inclusion doesn't happen in the lower 48. It's sad.

[Illinois](http://www.illinoisdeaf.org/) - [missouri] (http://msd.dese.mo.gov/) -[ iowa](http://www.iowaschoolforthedeaf.org/) 

Need I go on? Im thinking you are sitting there asking UM... huh??? This happens? at this point in history? That's the proper reaction.

 Weird, thinking about it, I guess there weren't any deaf kids for the few years I spent in school in Utah.

Maybe it's Alaska has more money? They just get an IEP and an interpreter while they learn to read lips, at least one of my teachers gave an interpreter a break for our class because she spoke, and signed the class everyday. Good districts in the lower 48 get that as well. My son had a great education but it was district specific. (PArental involvement has a lot to do with demands and outcomes) There were Deaf kids within 10 miles of here who can't read or speak. They are being "rehabilitated" through 75 year old educational techniques. It's sad.

Be grateful for being where you are and hug a teacher when you can. :) I miss Alaska. I live in missouri and my uncle was born deaf. Well, I guess tchnically he was born dead, revived, and that caused the deafness somehow. He's about 60-65 now. He went to the missouri school for the deaf. The told his parents DO NOT learn sign language! Supposedly that would help him have to Learn to read lips? His parents were never able to properly communicate with him and had to use their other children (like my dad) to translate for them. > My son had a great education but it was district specific.

Pardon my TOTAL ignorance but I am not a parent so I don't know much about education except what I experienced in the 1970s. For deaf students to be in class with hearing students would they need an interpreter or can enough deaf children (say, third grade) read lips? I ask out of total ignorance.

When I was in school the deaf children had their own classes for each grade, at least in elementary school. Like I said this was the 1970s, and while they tended to play together with each other on the playground we would all play semi-organized sports like flag football together.

One time in 4th grade a fellow student in my class taught me some sign language and told me to try it out, it was (supposedly) "Hello, my name is [xx] how are you?" Always wanting to please people and make friends I went over at recess to one of the students from the deaf class. I don't know what I *actually* signed but the boy started crying and I sat in the principal's office for the rest of the lunch period.

To be honest I don't remember having deaf students in "regular" class in high school either, but I do know there were deaf students in our school, they certainly could read and take shop class and typing class, those were the two classes I did notice deaf students in. (Or that I remember at least.)

It comes as a bit of a shock that I never realized how segregated the deaf students were.  >  For deaf students to be in class with hearing students would they need an interpreter or can enough deaf children (say, third grade) read lips?

Interpreters if they need communication assistance. Sometime technology can help them enough (hearing aids, etc) that they don't need one and have the ability to communicate well enough orally they don't need one. Unfortunately, there are kids who are still not main streamed or are passed through because the district doesn't know how to support the student.

Deaf students are still fairly segregated in many places (although some districts are FANTASTIC) but depending on when a diagnosis is made - many still go to the state "school for the deaf." It's great for the  Deaf community - not so much for inclusion.

I worked in high schools for a period of time recruiting and there was one district in particular that was just horrendous when it came to deaf/hh students. The interpreter was missing about half what I said - the student was constantly confused (imagine someone randomly dropping information out of a presentation) and the student made it pretty clear that written communication wasn't a strength either.

 