[kentucky] nasty break up, ex took wheel chair and service dog Hello,

I am posting for a friend who doesn't use Reddit but is having some trouble and she wanted to know if there is anything she can do.

Friend had a very nasty breakup with an abusive ex. Ex has now taken her wheelchair that was gifted by ex's mom and the dog friend has trained and been using as a service dog. Said dog detects life threatening seizures and gives friend time to medicate and get to a safe place.

Ex is asking for $200 for the wheel chair that was gifted and is claiming as the service dog was "her dog first" she can keep him from friend. Even though ex allowed friend to train him as her service dog because he showed a natural talent for alerting to her seizure disorder.

I am assuming if she can prove the wheel chair was a gift she could sue for it back or the cost of a new one?

About the service dog, legally he is considered medical equipment but I know it can get hinky with animals. It would be hard to impossible to replace him on short notice.

Edit: dog is registered with their county licensing deparmenf as a service dog (evidently they get a discount on their dog license, it's not one of the fake national registries) but ex's name is on vet paper. Friend has plenty of video and pictures of her using the dog as a service dog and lots of eye witness accounts including her colleges disability department. I'm not a lawyer, but if I were her I'd call the police non emergency line. Are they married? He can't just take things from her Not a Kentucky lawyer so just a view based on your facts.  

Contacting the police on this matter wouldn't do much because it is not a situation in which criminal action has taken place.  They would likely say it is a civil matter and nothing would come out of them getting involved.

As for the wheelchair and dog, your friend may be out of luck.  A gift is usually something given out of charity from one party to another without a form of compensation expected (hence the "gifting").  Here, it would seem that the EX took back the chair with the understanding it was based on the condition that the two of them would be in a relationship.  Once the relationship ended, the EX believed the condition for the gift no longer existed and she took the chair back.  Was there a written letter, note, memo that said the chair was actually that, a gift?  Absent that, it would be your friend's word (it was a gift given free and clear) and the EX's word (it's a conditional gift).  A court would be looking at both sides and then may ask the EX's mother what she intended when she gave that chair.  If it was a simple present, then the EX's actions is considered a taking and she would be ordered to give it back.  If it was conditional, more than likely here, it would be difficult to get that back.  See the issue?

As for the DOG, it would also be conditional on who had ownership of the dog.  She can always say that it is a medical necessity to have the dog and she invested time to train the dog, but the EX can also say that the dog is hers.  

Since the EX has placed a value on the chair for $200, you might want to suggest to your friend to see if there is a lawyer referral service in her area that handles small claims disputes between two individuals.  The lawyer may well tell her that it isn't worth the trouble and energy but you never know.

Tell her best of luck!  They are not married but did live together. I really doubt any judge is going to determine that necessary medical equipment is a conditional gift.  Ex *might* be able to sue for some portion of the value of the chair if its argued it was a loan rather than a gift.


Have any case law citations on this? If we base everything off the facts OP gave, it is possible to argue that the intent behind the chair would be the deciding factor.  We do not know if the friend is handicapped to the point of requiring the wheelchair for mobility purposes or not.  Without that knowledge, it could be construed that the chair was, in fact, a gift (as OP stated above).  So, logically, the argument of conditional versus a simple gift can be persuasive.

As for case law cites, is that something you do here on this subreddit?  Don't notice any other postings with it (also, it can delve into giving advice) That does not give him the right to her possessions. If she contacts the police, they will likely be willing to accompany her to her previous residence so that she can retrieve her belongings. 

Edit: I may have been misunderstanding some of the original post. I thought it was stating that your friend had the dog first, but now I'm not sure I read that correctly.  [deleted] Yes, I wanted a source for your assertion that any gift given to a romantic partner can be implicitly conditional on the continuation of the relationship.  I am not aware of courts deciding much outside of engagement rings are conditional gifts when those conditions are not made explicit at the outset.  This may be a gap in my knowledge, and I was hoping you would back it up with a source.  I don't know why providing a source is more problematic in terms of "giving advice" than your mere assertion that this is a conditional gift. Friend has a terminal illness compounded by other diseases, thought it is not my place to list her entire medical history.

She does use the wheelchair on an almost daily basis with her service dog.

From what I know with the chair (after some more talking, friend is in a bad place mentally), she was going to buy one but was having trouble affording it so ex's mom offered to pay for it. She does have some texts where ex told her ex's mom wanted to pay for the chair. Based just solely on the facts presented by the OP in her original posting, it would seem that the mother of the EX provided the wheelchair to the friend (term used was "gifted").  There was no context given as to how the mother came to deciding to provide the wheelchair nor the price that the mother paid or what was done in exchange for it.  Hence my guess that a court could come to view it like that, it was a gift predicated on a condition of the relationship.  The court could also see it as a simple gift, without condition, which they would reasonably come to seeing too.  Now that the OP has elaborated in saying the mother came to offer once made aware that the friend was having trouble affording it, we can see how it may shift away from a conditional gift to a simple gift.  Once again, just going off of OP's facts.

(Never stated implicitly conditional, just that a court could be persuaded to see it as such.  Plus, the EX may well view it that way too.)
 