Do we now own a rental wheelchair? (MN/IN) We live in Minnesota.  Back in June, my family was on vacation in Indiana when they got into a car accident.  (Sidenote: No serious damage, mostly healed up, may need some minor surgery but nothing life-altering.)  Flying them to a hospital closer to home wasn't an option with their injuries at the time, so they stayed in Indiana and were discharged early July, and my brother had a wheelchair rented from a medical supply company.  Then things got... interesting.  He was able to get his cast off in August, and no longer needed the wheelchair.  Since then, we've been trying to get in touch with a Minnesota branch of the medical supply company we rented the wheelchair from.  Apparently, they have no record at all of us renting a wheelchair from them, and despite asking for them to send someone out to pick up the wheelchair, we still have it sitting around, and no one has ever come to ask for it.  Our most recent call told us to call their Indiana branch to have someone come pick up the wheelchair.

Now, I'm pretty sure that they're not going to send someone from Indiana to come pick up the wheelchair in Minnesota, and quite frankly we're thinking if the company isn't even going to ask their other locations to find out who's missing a wheelchair, we're not going to do their legwork for them.  But, I really don't want to get a bill for a wheelchair in a few years, after we've gotten rid of it somewhere, or have to take care of their wheelchair for them if they won't pick it up.  So, what kind of concerns should I have?  At what point can we consider it abandoned by the medical supply company?

Also, I've included a diagram of the issue with getting the original location to come get the wheelchair: https://i.imgur.com/OMvReaF.png

Edit: I've asked about it and we can't find the rental agreement at the moment, but the agreement did let us return the wheelchair at a closer location to our home; that was one of the main requirements we had when we were renting everything.  Also, for what it's worth, we originally rented two wheelchairs and had one returned already (after much similar hassle). I love your map!
 [deleted] If you rented it in Indiana than call that location. Does your rental agreement even allow you to return the chair in a different state? Would be better with a tiny Paint wheelchair on the map but it's still of the highest low quality. Alright.  Nothing's in my name at all, but I'll tell them that they should do that.  Thanks! I'll need to ask about it, the company did know ahead of time that we were planning on leaving for Minnesota as soon as they were discharged and weren't going to be back to return them, and I'm pretty sure that being able to return them in Minnesota was part of the discussion. Hah, I'll keep that in mind next time I make a drawing. You need to actually check what your agreement says.  Ok.  We can't find the agreement at the moment, but it did specifically allow us to return it at another location (it's why we went with a national company, instead of one local to Indiana). Does it also say that they will pick up the wheelchair? You should really just take the chair to the local store and return it. I'm pretty sure that's part of it.  We actually had two wheelchairs rented, and they came here to take back the first one (though after another lot of trying to convince them that yes, this really is their wheelchair we've got). 