Sister’s house in foreclosure. Legally blind and wheelchair bound from rare progressive form of Multiple Sclerosis). Lewisville, Texas - Denton County. Her mortgage rose something to the extent of $20-30 but was not notified, to my knowledge. She has requested phone correspondence only from her mortgage company in relation to payments and changes, as she cannot properly read her mail without assistance.  Additionally, her mortgage company will not auto withdrawal from her account (disability check) and waits until her bank sends a paper check each month.  Because of the $20-30 increase, her last 5 checks were supposedly sent back via mail (again, without phone communication). She has only been able to locate 3 returned checks, which can no longer be deposited due to time constraints.  So, out of 5 months of mortgage payment money, she has now been notified via phone that not only is her house in the foreclosure process but about to be up for auction. To add a layer to this, she also as of last year, received a government based grant to make her house handicap accessible - which may now be null and void, even if she is able to keep the house. I am her only involved family member and advocate and just a 27 yr old trying to navigate an area of which I have limited knowledge of. A company has contacted her to assist by requesting that her mortgage company tag on the 5 missed months to her mortgage agreement but unsure of legitimacy or if this will be successful and want to get another ball rolling just in case.

1. Are there lawyers available that do pro bono work for members of the community who are disabled and cannot help themselves?

2. From my limited knowledge, I would assume (hope) they cannot throw out a disabled individual at all or at least not without housing or other placement options, yes? NAL, but my career is in banking and mortgage? If my understand is correct, her bank cut checks for payment to her mortgage company. Her mortgage company refunded the money via different checks, and those are expired or MIA. 

So, basically, you need the mortgage company to stop/pause the foreclosure and reissue the refund checks so they can be deposited and then turned around into a certified check for the amount due. Right? Ideally, you’ll also want them to drop late and legal fees. 

Contact the mortgage company’s executive complaint team or office of the president. Regular staff probably would be happy to help, but are not well positioned to see all the moving parts. Go ahead and hop online and complain to the CFPB. Be clear and polite about what you want. Make it clear that you’re able and willing to pay, but that the money is sitting with the bank on some general ledger somewhere. 

In the go forward, know that your sister cannot count on banks to communicate by phone. Most communication must be sent in writing by law and there is no guarantee there is a bank system to trigger phone calling, plus even if there is, those prioritized with other accounts and may not get a call. If it would work, large print or Braille statements are usually available. Otherwise, she should consider making a call every month or two to confirm receipt of payment, etc.  1. There are, but legal aid is difficult to find as there are only so many resources and they can only do so much. Assisting homeowners in foreclosure is probably within the realm of legal aid. There is no such a thing as a pro bono lawyer really. Attotneys can voluntarily opt to assist a client for free or low cost. Some firms have associates do a certain amount of PB work. It takes a lot of legwork, but you can sometimes find one. I am not at all trying to be unsympathetic, but many people don't realize how terribly common it is for disabled, low income people to be in crisis situations, and owning a home puts many far ahead of most.  You can check with lsc.org to see if there are any legal aid offices that are able to provide this type of assistance. 

Unfortunately no, being disabled does not prevent the bank from foreclosing on her until she is able to secure new housing. She can contact HUD to check for resources for low income and disabled, such as low income housing and see if she qualifies for any other assistance. Most of what they can do is for renters, but they do have programs for homeowners as well. 

She can also contact adult protective services to check for resources, and any other local disability services. Best of luck.  You can try [these](https://www.justia.com/lawyers/texas/harris-county/legal-aid-and-pro-bono-services) places.  I am not a lawyer and I'm not sure these folks would definitely be able to help, but it may be worth a shot.

https://www.disabilityrightstx.org Thank you so much for your advice and input. It’s often difficult to clearly address issues when it’s an emotional situation, so I greatly appreciate it. Thank you for your clarification and thoughtful response. I will check on those resources. It is a very overwhelming task to try and address so any advice is incredibly appreciated. Thank you so very much.  You are very welcome, and I truly do sympathize. I work with low income people in rental housing and I have seen some incredibly desperate situations. 

Banks really do not want to take peoples homes. They lose money doing so. They work best with homeowners who have an attorney at bat for them, and even if it turns out to be an expense, in the long run it is almost certainly going to save her countless times more than the cost of an attorney. Pool resources, reach out to family and friends. Hold bake sales and car washes and take side hustle gigs through temp agencies if necessary. Get yourself a comfortable pair of earphones and call and call and call. Try HUD first. They often have the ability to find help or give you places to call. Try Legal Services Corporation, the nonprofit I linked above. They work to connect those in need with legal aid. Call everyone you know to see if they have an attorney friend willing to do the work for a low fee. 

You sound like a lovely person for wanting to help, and I really hope things work out for you and her. Good luck.  