[BC] - Need consumer law advice! Bought a customized wheelchair. When supplier delivered it, there were noticeable signs of wear and use of used components. They won't accept a return? A wheelchair was purchased with insurance money which was marketed as NEW. Parts for modifications were paid upfront, but when it was received very obvious signs of used parts were visible (damage on mount holes and sides of metal plates). 

Do not want the money back directly. Would like it to be refunded back to insurer as they were the ones that provided money to purchasw it. Some quoted parts did not come with the chair. The supplier is refusing to refund and denies this claim indicating that they only use new parts. Blaming manufacturer as the main party that assembled it (not assembled by supplier).

Do we as customers have rights that require they take the chair back and return the money to our insurer? As a supplier, do they have responsibilities to review the product once the manufacturer brings it to them before directly delivering the chair with signs of use from the manufacturer (supplier delivered to us, not the manufacturer)? The manufacturer never came or spoke to us once. All communication, quotation, and ordering happened with supplier.

Cannot provide specific information due to confidentiality request from parties involved.

[Update] Insurance is doing a review, waiting to hear back from them. Spoke with an electrician regarding the amp issue and confirmed that it is a problem. Will be looking for further information from insurer on how they want to proceed. Thank you to those that provided their advice and input! You should speak to your insurer and have them speak directly to the company. They will probably request evidence from you. I'm sure they will have something to say if they paid for a new item and received a used item.  You asked this yesterday. Where exactly is the damage. 

Wheelchair parts are adjustable. Screws go in/out of mounting hole, which can damage paint, powder coat, etc.  some of this is unavoidable. The same goes for footplates and leg hangers. They are often coated matte black, and any tiny scratch is very noticeable. 

Speak to the manufacturer. Invacare, Motion Composites, Pride, and Sunrise (largest manufacturers) are all very good at supporting their products. Suppliers may not be. 

Also, the supplier assembles only part of the chair. They usually come assembled, with only the legs, wheels, and rigid backs to be put on by the supplier. 

 We contacted them a while ago, but they indicated they did not want to get involved. Will try connecting with them again! The plate of the joystick mount has a 1cm wide gouge in the mounting hole, arm rest pin slot with deep scratches on the sides, charger did not match the manual we found online with the model, battery dented, one (maybe more) quoted components missing.

I did ask yesterday but posted at a weird time so did not receive any information. Hoping I can get some general information to help start somewhere.

Will definitely look into the manufacturer, but previous conversation with them has not been too fruitful. A damaged battery is a significant issue. That's dangerous. 

I wouldn't be surprised to see small nicks in the pin slots, like happens with keys/keyhole, but it shouldn't be too noticeable

If components are missing, but were billed, escalate it with the ins. Company. . 

None of that damage is acceptable. It wouldn't pass our co's quality control. 
 Thank you for the advice. I followed up with the insurance company and am waiting to provide them more information. 

Also, someone else pointed out a 70amp circuirt breaker is installed but the manual indicates a 30amp should be present. Given his electrical engineering knowledge, he said the wires should be thicker and upgraded to reflect this change. What kind of chair is it?  Local manufacturer called Ranger. Confirmed that breaker is supposed to be 30amps with manufacturer by phone. Ok. That needs to be brought to the insurers attention and treated as fraud. 

The chair has clearly been modified and could be dangerous.  Insurers got back to us saying they'll review it. Will provide this information to them on our next communication! 