(WA) Landlord evicting my elderly, wheelchair bound neighbor after 13 years because her wheelchair bangs doorways My elderly... Mid 70s wheelchair bound neighbor is being evicted by my landlord. She has lived there for 13 years and was in the wheelchair when she moved in. The reason for the eviction? Because her wheelchair has damaged the walls and doorways in the apartment... 

Oh and the way he knows that it's damaged the walls is because he illegally entered the apartment when no one was home and took pictures. 

This to me is a clear ADA violation but we need to know how to fight this. It's absurd. Please help.  >The reason for the eviction? 

Is that what it says on the paperwork?  Or is that what you think the reason that papers are being sent it?

If the wheelchair bound neighor does not have a lease and is not a current recipeitn of section 8 benefits, then the landlord is free to determine the lease **for no cause** following the 30-day noticing guidelines.  

Note this will also be different if the housing is subject to rent control laws (which are city specific, not state specific) requiring just cause for eviction.  

>Oh and the way he knows that it's damaged the walls is because he illegally entered the apartment when no one was home and took pictures.

This isn't relevant.  Private owners aren't the government, so a 4th amendment claim is meaningless and there isn't a *fruit of the poison tree* issue with respect to evidence gathering.   

Besides due to the nature of the issue if the damage was really what is at issue, it isn't like getting rid of the current pictures, wouldn't allow the landlord to give 24hr advanced sinspection notice then go back in an take the pictures again anyway.  It's not like the damage is going anywhere.  

 is there a lease?  if so, tenant may be able to prevail if he agrees to pay for repairs and/or mitigate future damage. 

if there's no lease, then cest l vie. a leasehold is a complete property interest, but only for a term. 

but even worst case scenario, a judge will probably give an elderly wheelchair bound tenant a lot of leeway in moving out before issuing a final award of possession back to LL.  [deleted] It's more likely to be a Fair Housing Act violation than an ADA violation. She can't be evicted or have her lease not renewed because of her disability, but proving that's the motivation could be difficult unless the landlord was dumb enough to put it in writing or something. And she can be required to pay for any damage she has caused.  Laws differ between states but many are similar. She probably doesnt have to worry about moving anytime soon, as even illegal squatters have some tenant rights in the eyes of the law that can allow them to live in someone else's vacant home for a couple months minimum, and in her case probably more before court proceedings allow the law to intervene. Judges will most likely take notice of her status and allow even more time if necessary. The LL does seem to have a legitimate reason though Either way, the landlord sounds like a "real peach" to evict a 75 year old elderly person in a wheelchair... Calling out a lynch mob is a last resort, but this is a good time to get the local news channel(s) involved.

They generally eat this stuff up. Try calling your local news station. A lot of times when a story like this is aired people will step up to help.  Someone may be able to make the apartment more wheelchair friendly or they may offer an apartment that works better.   She is section 8.  It's what it says on the paperwork. I'm finding out if there is a lease or if she's section 8.  FYI rent control isn't a thing in Washington. Their state congress thingy passed a law in the 80s outlawing it.  Marty, evidence can be excluded if it is gathered illegally and/or through trespass.  While the 4th amendment may not apply to a citizen's behavior, the government cant very well countenance the violation of someone's privacy rights as if they did that would be a violation of the 4th amendment or supporting a legal wrong.  This is especially true in evictions as evictions require the court to use its equitable powers and if you go to a court of equity you must be in court with clean hands. I grant you that this argument does not always convince judges but I have been successful with this argument in the past.  He rented her the apartment knowing she was in a wheelchair and made no offers of widening the doorways. He did not alter the apartment at all to accommodate her disability. 

She would probably be okay with paying for the damages except that was not an option that was offered.  Being liable for damages to walls and getting evicted are two separate issues. 

If I accidentally poke a hole in my wall it means I pay for the repair, not that I get evicted.  > , but proving that's the motivation could be difficult unless the landlord was dumb enough to put it in writing or something

If all he put is that she was damaging the property, then it's probably a legal eviction.  There's all kinds of protections in place for disabilities, none of them, however, give you permission to damage property. Then the LL will have to follow the section 8 eviction process.  It's likely going to be time consuming.  She should tell her caseworker, office or whoever she gets the voucher from about the eviction letter and let them get on board with it.

Section 8 tenants have a number of resources to make sure any eviction action is properly maintained.

 But what usually comes with rent control is just cause eviction ordinances, which seattle has [See 22.206.160 - Duties of owners](https://www.municode.com/library/wa/seattle/codes/municipal_code?nodeId=TIT22BUCOCO_SUBTITLE_IIHOCO_CH22.206HABU_SUBCHAPTER_VIDUOWTE_22.206.160DUOW)

There is also a check on rent increases in seattle which requires a showing of cause by the landlord.  See (Ord. 120302 ยง 2, 2001; Ord. 113545 ยง 5(part), 1987.) 

 > made no offers of widening the doorways.

LL doesn't have to.  

The ADA chapter for that allows the tenant to have the doorways widened *at the tenants expense* for accommodation, if she is section 8, like you said above then it might have been possible to get the section 8 authority to pay that bill.  

>He did not alter the apartment at all to accommodate her disability

He's not required to.  She has to request it, and get approval for it, *and then pay for it*.  

See 42 USC ยง 3604

>(A) a refusal to permit, at the expense of the handicapped person, reasonable modifications of existing premises occupied or to be occupied by such person if such modifications may be necessary to afford such person full enjoyment of the premises except that, in the case of a rental, the landlord may where it is reasonable to do so condition permission for a modification on the renter agreeing to restore the interior of the premises to the condition that existed before the modification, reasonable wear and tear excepted   But are there damages to the walls and doors because the apartment isn't ADA accessible or because she's careless and keeps banging into the walls? [deleted] The nice thing about this is that section 8 lawyers who do wrongful eviction that will fight it for her for free if the details are as cut and dry as OP describes. You're thinking of the FHA, not ADA, but otherwise accurate.   Because the apartment is not ADA.  I understand you didn't mention it but OPs question revolves around eviction for wall damage.  We're talking about housing here.  

 I know. And your own citation is to the Fair Housing Act. The ADA doesn't usually cover housing.  Yeah, I was going through it, again, couldn't find housing again, went over to the FHA where I knew it was, and grabbed the citation.  

It's where OP should be looking for disability discrimination in this context anyway -- but then again OP doesn't really have any standing and isn't an attorney so all they can do for neighbor is research anyway.

seems like OP's best move is to have neighbor contact section 8 authority about it and let them fight it out. I'm doing this to help the girl that was her old caretaker and still has power of attorney. She was going to see the housing authority today.  