[CA] Effectively contesting a parking ticket? Hey guys,

Looking for advice on how to effectively contest a parking ticket. I apparently blocked a disabled access ramp last night and received a ticket for $303... 

I'm not sure what the county rules are about marking access ramps, but I didn't even notice it was there because there was no markings (red  curb / handicap sign) or any physical signs. 

I would like to contest it, not because I don't believe I'm guilty (I very well could have parked there because it was dark), but the fee is just INSANE. Sounds like I'll need to mail in my contention, but what does that usually look like? If you violated the law then all you can do is show up and plead mercy. So for starters, do your homework and figure out if the ticket was valid. If the spot was poorly marked, make sure that was itself not illegal, and in any case take lots of pictures to demonstrate that it was tough to notice. IANAL. The fee amount is typical for CA. Have you revisited the location to see if there are markings that you just didn't notice? Unless you can prove it isn't marked in any way I would just pay the fee and move on. It “looks like” respectfully asking the court to reduce the fine, citing your otherwise exemplary driving record, assuming you have one. I will speculate that you were cited under CVC 22500(L):

https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaySection.xhtml?lawCode=VEH&sectionNum=22500:

>A person shall not stop, park, or leave standing any vehicle whether attended or unattended, except when necessary to avoid conflict with other traffic or in compliance with the directions of a peace officer or official traffic control device, in any of the following places:... 
>
>In front of or upon that portion of a curb that has been cut down, lowered, or constructed to provide wheelchair accessibility to the sidewalk.

This section does not require markings.  I do not see a defense for the ticket.

For full disclosure, I am far from unbiased here.

I'd say about every other month I have to go into stores and buildings trying to track people down or try calling the police while my wife, in her chin controlled wheelchair waits outside when someone does this.

Please be more alert as to where you park. Disabled access ramps are placed at instersection, crosswalks, and breaks in the sidewalk. They do not need to be signed or marked. Being aware of them is common sense while driving. 

As another user shared, the fines for violating handicap parking laws are big because people do it all the time and more importantly *blocking ramps/taking a handicap spot has a huge impact on those who are actually disabled and prevents them from moving around safely*. 

So yeah. You can contest it, but "there was no sign or red paint" isn't a good excuse. Be apologetic and ask for a reduction and maybe you'll get lucky- and don't do it again.  For sure, I'll probably just write up a half page thing and provide a photograph to show how hard it is to see at night. Maybe I'll get a new street light! :P Yes it was under 22500. 

I understand your complaint but I have to say that this is a residential back street (hardly anyone ever parks here), of course I wouldn't be parking in a handicap spot. I think it's actually crazy that we can have handicap accessible or fire hydrants (there is one nearby) that don't always require marking. In the dark, it's not easy to see a inset ramp :/ > . In the dark, it's not easy to see a inset ramp :/

Especially if you are in a wheelchair, and someone has parked in front of it. We all make mistakes man, no need to be patronizing. 