[FL] Property owner refuses to put in ramp for wheelchair-bound resident, says lawyer advised him not to for liability reasons. I'm posting on behalf of my elderly neighbor who recently had her foot amputated and is now in a wheelchair. She lives on the first floor but there are four steps to reach the first floor landing. She asked the property owner to install a wheelchair ramp and even offered to fully fund the construction. He said he talked to his lawyer and was advised not to put in a ramp because he could be held liable if anyone got hurt on it. My neighbor is now forced to move. Is the property owner acting within the law? they don't have to install a ramp, they almost certainly have to allow one to be installed at her expense and then removed at her expense when she leaves. How many units does the property owner own and does the property owner live in one of them? Yep. (Federal) Fair Housing Act: 

>For purposes of this subsection, discrimination includes--
(A) a refusal to permit, at the expense of the handicapped person, reasonable modifications of existing premises occupied or to be occupied by such person if such modifications may be necessary to afford such person full enjoyment of the premises, except that, in the case of a rental, the landlord may where it is reasonable to do so condition permission for a modification on the renter agreeing to restore the interior of the premises to the condition that existed before the modification, reasonable wear and tear excepted. 

I think it's an open question as to whether it is reasonable to make her pay to remove it upon leaving. It is also not an interior modification.

N.b.: 
>Neither the term "individual with handicaps" nor the term "handicap" shall apply to an individual solely because that individual is a transvestite. 
 They make metal "temporary" ramps - that might be a better option than a full concrete ramp, especially for a landlord like this one.  He lives on the other side of the state. I don't know how many rentals he owns altogether, but this complex has 24 units. probably is, the section is contemplating modifications to interior areas, but extending that to the immediate exterior makes sense in this case both in requiring it be allowed and also in the returning to the original state, inferring the extension of one but not the other would be unreasonable absent a statutory basis for doing so. What's that last part about transvestites about? I'll pass the law on to them. I have a feeling putting things back together when she moves may be an issue. She has help building it now, but no guarantee that someone will be willing to take it down and replace the banister or whatever will need to be done when she moves. Does the owner have to trust her to fix it and sue her if she doesn't, or is he allowed to secure it now somehow? He's far from a trusting person. /u/blazingshambles this solution posted by sevendaysky could be the key to solving the situation, 

https://www.amazon.com/s?ie=UTF8&field-keywords=temporary%20wheelchair%20ramp

depending on how much elevation andd how shallow slope is needed, they seem to range from $100 to $1000, most around $300, far more cost effective than moving. Doesn't have to be concrete, would likely be wood.  Anyone who was to build such a structure would have to go through any permitting process required.  The location may not be suitable for a ramp and the remainder of the unit is probably not wheelchair friendly anyways, moving may be inconvenient in the short term but might prove the better option long term. It is possible the owner only owns that one unit, and thus does not have to comply with many federal laws, which is why the lawyer has advised him not to do anything in addition to other liabilities.

Without knowing the full details of the situation, your friend can speak to a lawyer and look at her options. It is rather prominently noted near the beginning of the Act (because that's typically where the definitions are). I think it's an interesting time capsule from 1968. I would think it reasonable to ask her to put the money in escrow. I don't think any of those would be suitable for the situation.  OP said there are 4 steps, that would be a significant ramp and would likely also require a handrail.  They are supposed to be 1 unit vertical for every 12 units horizontal, the steps are roughly 6" each so the ramp would need to extend 24'.  May not even be practical. /u/Bearded4Glory may be right that none of these would be compatible, but some of the longer (and more expensive) ones do look possible to me since the stairs already have handrails on both sides and aren't especially steep. I'll definitely pass the information on. It might not be possible for them to find a place to move to, get the money needed etc. Cheaper usually to get a "temporary" metal ramp put in for the short term. And then they can always donate/sell it if they find a place more accessible after that.  It's what my aunt did when she found herself in a wheelchair in a house that had steps.  He does own all 24 of these units. You're not wrong, that is an interesting abstract. Do you have a link? I wanna find out how "transvestites" factor into all of this. There are 4 steps, it would be roughly 24" of height from the bottom to the top (assuming 6" steps, they can be as tall as 7 3/4" each).  Per the Florida Residential Code the maximum slope of a ramp is 1 unit of height for every 12 units of length, that can be lowered to 1 unit of height for every 8 units of length if there is not enough room for the more gradual ramp.  That means that the ramp would have to be no less than 16 feet in length.  The site may not be suitable for that type of ramp.  Any ramp steeper than 1/12 must have a handrail.

The regulations may be even more strict now that we know it is a large development, they may have to meet stricter requirements than a single family house or small development would (I know they do here in California). I guess they're moving, she told me I'd have no downstairs neighbors for three months since the rent was paid three months ahead. I hope she knows she can get a refund for that. My comment still stands, without knowing the full details of the situation, your friend can speak to a lawyer and look at her options.  This is very fact dependent and the owner could very well be in compliance. [Here](http://civilrights.findlaw.com/discrimination/fair-housing-act.html) You'll find it after subsection (o) of section 802. They don't really factor in, and that's kind of the point. They just wanted to be sure that transvestites wouldn't benefit from the law I imagine. If they are a larger development then it surprises me that they were able to get by this long without a ramp already in place.  The ramp can be broken into two with an intermediate landing (my aunt had to do that - 10 foot slope, landing, then a 90 degree dogleg 10 foot ramp)  http://www.accessiblemed.com/product/wheelchair-elevator-vertical-platform-lift/#.WZnpD4FMHqB

A wheelchair lift might be more appropriate then for the OP I found this resource:
http://www.lsnf.org/apply-for-assistance

Thanks for the advice. > Neither the term "individual with handicaps" nor the term "handicap" shall apply to an individual solely because that individual is a transvestite.

Not quite. There is nothing about this wording to state that transvestites couldn't benefit from the law as the law was intended.  A transvestite amputee would have every bit as much right to build a ramp as any other amputee. 

The key is the word "solely". It was likely the case that at that time transvestitism was considered a mental disorder and they are simply pointing out that that (mental disorder or not, severe or otherwise) in and of itself -*with no other condition present*- should not be taken as a triggering condition for this particular aspect of the FHA.

I would imagine many people have suffered discrimination due to "transvestitism" over the years. It wasn't a protected class for discrimination the way race or family status might have been so enterprising individuals might have said, "hey, you want to say it's a mental disorder? Fine, then I'm protected for being handicapped if not discrimination!" They may have another unit that is ADA compliant, typically there is a ratio of accessible vs. inaccessible units.

My original point is that the cost of such a ramp may not be wise considering that the rest of the unit is probably not accessible either.  Things like narrow doorways, hard to use bathroom facilities, etc.  May just be better off trying to find a unit that is already setup for the new needs of the tenant than spend a lot of money building/buying a ramp that doesn't solve the problem 100%. Oh, no, I'm certainly advocating for moving to an already accessible location, I'm just saying that it may not be reasonably feasible in the short term for this particular person.  The long term goal of course would be to get her into someplace accessible, but in the meantime something has to be done so she can at least get to the grocery store, doctor's appointments etc.   All the units are identical. It's three sets of two two-story buildings, porch in between the buildings in each set, four stairs to the first landing, two apartments on either side on you, top porch above you, about 12 more stairs to the second floor landing, do a 180, two apartments on either side...I need paint for this.
http://i.imgur.com/9SMLxQi.png

EDIT: The black marks in the yard are dog crap and broken glass. It took three neighbors to carry her up the other day. How wide are the stairs that are there now?  I don't know if it legally changes things (I am not a lawyer) but it does changes things a little bit that it is a shared entrance.  Whatever ramp that she installed would definitely have to be built according to code and be permitted or the landlord may be considered liable if someone was to get hurt while using the ramp.  We know that at least 7 other units use the same stairs to access their appartments

From a code compliance standpoint it may not be possible to add a ramp in the existing stair opening, it would depend on the width.  I believe both would need to be a minimum of 36" wide but that may change because it is a multi family development (I am not familiar with the codes for larger multifamily projects).

While she may legally be entitled to force the landlord to let her install a ramp at her expense it is probably not worth doing.  She would be throwing the money away, it may cost several thousand dollars once permit fees and any required plans were taken into consideration.  At some point it's better to cut her losses and ask the landlord to be released from the lease so that she can peruse living at a more suitable location. Sounds about right. The place may not be suitable since even the first floor requires using stairs. 