[New Mexico] Free disability accommodation has been taken away. Reported frustration to HR, and manager has made job unbearable ever since. As the subject says, I have a disability accommodation that does not cost the company anything, and allows me to perform my job duties like a normal person. The accommodation is a phone transcription service which translates audio to text for me.

It's free for them, and doesn't get in the way of anything at the company. I've successfully used this accommodation at all previous jobs without incident.

This accommodation was taken from me mid\-way through my job at the company while I was performing well.

When I complained to HR that it makes my job much more difficult without, the company put me on their standard 90\-day PIP, but changed the due date to 30 days after signing. I haven't signed yet since they haven't asked me to do so, but they're "working on it."

Since then, my manager has been interrupting me on the job repeatedly while I'm trying to focus on my duties. He's forced me to change my hours, and wants to know every single time I have a doctor's appointment, and will no longer allow me to make up for the time later in the day as they used to. He's also suggesting that I need to schedule my doctor's appointments at least a week in advance and tell him about them.

I signed on with flexible hours, but they are taking those away. Another employee approached me and told me that I should seriously file a charge with EEO because the company is racist and discriminatory, and he thinks they're setting me up to fail, but I'm not quite sure what to do here.

My performance was good prior to the revocation of my accommodation, and I'm very frustrated here.  I'm actually not quite sure what to do.

**UPDATE**

Filed a charge with EEOC. After presenting evidence, I was informed that the company's actions were illegal.

Not only did they take away my flexible hours, but they are also requiring me to attend meetings outside of work hours, but not allow me to  be flexible or make up for time. I'm going to stick with EEOC and a lawyer at this time.

Thanks everyone! I want to make sure you've met with HR, and formally requested the use of this transcription service *as an accommodation* for your disability. 

I'm working with an employee lately who is going through something similar, she has a cognitive processing issue and was using an unapproved tool in a similar way. Not using it is really tough for her, but she's never gone through the process with HR. Luckily, her performance is very good and she's been very active now about following protocol. 

It sounds like this company also might be trying to force you out. You want to start looking for a new job now.  OP, what industry are you in and what do your job duties normally entail? Reason I ask is because the ADA requires *reasonable* accommodations, and depending on what you're doing any one of those things could be considered unreasonable. For instance in many industries I could easily see the transcription service being problematic due to rules about 3rd party access to sensitive data. 

The same with the whole scheduling thing. On it's face, the requirement that you schedule medical appointments at least a week out and let them know is not unreasonable. They do have to provide coverage for your shift, and adequate notice does make it much easier to do that. 

Also, unless you have an employment contract that has a clause to the contrary, they're under no obligation whatsoever to allow you to make up missed hours.     What's the accommodation? What was the PIP for? Sounds a lot like retaliation. Did they say *why* they took the accomodation away, or did they just take it without reason one day?  It sounds sketchy as hell that they'd take it away without any reason, and could be construed as constructive dismissal.  Might be worth a consult with an employment lawyer (I assume that they're all fairly versed in the ADA) This sounds like lawyer territory with them being invasive with knowledge of when your doctor's appointments are, taking away your flex hours, and accommodations. I'd meet with a lawyer familiar with ADA and chat with them.  NAL but this might be an ADA issue... You can request flex hours as an accommodation as well. If you have documentation from your doctor with HR, then they are breaking the law by taking away your accommodations. Definitely find a new job and file with the EEOC. [removed] I was in a very similar situation as u were in! I wish I did the same thing as you did. Too late to contact EEOC! >I want to make sure you've met with HR, and formally requested the use of this transcription service as an accommodation for your disability.

Yes, and yes.

However, it was forcibly taken away after a couple months on the job. I updated the first paragraph. Thanks! Performance Improvement Plan.  Hi, sorry for the late reply.

After speaking with EEOC, I filed a charge with them. After providing evidence, they claimed what the company did was illegal in this particular situation.

In addition,  not only did they take away my flexible hours, but they are forcing me  to attend meetings outside of work hours, but not allow me to be flexible. I'm going to stick with EEOC and a lawyer at this time. YOUR COMMENT HAS BEEN REMOVED. It appears you are either trying to add more information to your post or trying to reply to a comment. If you are trying to add more information, please edit it into your post. If you are trying to reply to another comment you wrote this in the wrong place - press reply on the comment and reply there. *If you feel this was in error, message the [moderators.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice)*

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.* Could it be argued that this is not a *reasonable* accommodation? Who took it away? What was their reasoning? 

It sounds like you might be getting into the weeds of it with HR. This may come down to your job duties and whether or not this accommodation is "reasonable."

For a 911 operator, for example, this may not be a reasonable accommodation (since time is of the essence, and the delay introduced by an audio-to-text service may be unreasonable).  For other jobs, it may be completely reasonable. No , what was it *for*.  Like, how did they say you are lacking and what do you have to do to satisfy it? I don't *personally* think so. It's a federally\-funded program that costs them nothing, and no company I've ever worked for has had a problem with this, including their close competitors. It was even disclosed and agreed to prior to employment. Sorry, Redditing without glasses is a bad idea LOL totally misread your  question.  Did they tell you why you couldn't use it? Although it might not cost them anything, they'd still have to give access to the audio to the third party. What kind of information did the audio contain, and how was it accessed? Do you have a disability that requires this service? Yes. Then your employer is breaking the law and you should go above their heads.  Not all accommodations are considered reasonable, and employers and employees often have to do quite a lot of negotiation to reach agreement about what is.       Then your employer is breaking the law and you should go above their heads.

Thanks for your advice!

EEOC feels the same way. I was told this was illegal. They accepted the charge and began the investigation. For example: the use of a wheelchair is not reasonable accommodation for a chef because the use of said wheelchair would require an entire kitchen redesign, neither is the use of a cane because working in a kitchen with shotty balance, one arm, and greasy floors with little to no traction, razor sharp knives, flammable oils, and fire is a workmans comp/OSHA/death claim waiting to happen. 