Disability Access Can a place that is open to the public restrict access for disabled people? For example if I booked a behind the scenes tour or something similar and I have a disability could they tell me no I cannot do it due to my disability? 

Edit: say it was a place that states they are handicap accessible and the only obstacle may be a dirt/uneven path. 

Edit 2: in the United States and I want to go somewhere that isn’t historical. I feel I am capable of participating but can they tell me no?  Assuming that you are in the US generally no, but there could be exceptions. If you go to a Porsche tour to drive a 911 on the track then they can certainly deny you that if you're blind.  Maybe. For example, someone who is paralyzed isn’t going to be able to go sky diving, so excluding them from the sky diving tour would be ok.  If there is a reasonable accommodation sure, and there are some things that must be available for public accommodations, like wheel chair ramps, but if legitimate safety concerns or just total inaccessibility that cannot be resolved exist, then maybe you could be excluded. It depends on the venue and what you're trying to book.

For example, the Behind the Scenes Monticello tour (Thomas Jefferson's home) is not handicap accessible due to the historical nature of the building and its staircases, but the normal guided tour is.  

 For a tour, it would greatly depend on what the tour is. For example, I'm a BSA leader, and while I can do activities at Philmont Scout Ranch, but my wife cannot, because she doesn't meet the physical requirements. Those requirements are there because it's in the backwoods and it's super difficult terrain, not because they're trying to exclude folks with disabilities. (And oh man did I get an earful from my wife...)

So it would greatly depend on the nature of the tour, whether the tour is of a private or public area, the physical requirements of the tour, etc. ---
> http://imgur.com/a/myIAb

---
*I am a bot whose sole purpose is to improve the timeliness and accuracy of responses in this subreddit.*

---
**It appears you forgot to include your location in the title or body of your post. Please update the body of your original post to include this information.**

---
***Do NOT delete this post - Instead, simply edit the post with the requested information.***

---

Author: /u/thebop995

Title: **Disability Access**

Original Post: 

> Can a place that is open to the public restrict access for disabled people? For example if I booked a behind the scenes tour or something similar and I have a disability could they tell me no I cannot do it due to my disability? 




---
LocationBot 4.300172817 | GitHub (Coming Soon) | [Statistics](https://locationbot.info) | [Report Issues](https://www.reddit.com/r/locationbot) Don’t these usually depend on if providing access would be reasonable or not? 

If it’s a shop that you can’t get into because of no ramp I think that’s usually pretty frowned about by the law, no?

But if you’re trying to tour something that has no reasonable way to accommodate you then they aren’t really obligated by law to do anything as far as I know. 

For example, if you were touring the Statue of Liberty, The interior of the top of the pedestal, which offers views of the Statue's inner skeletal structure, is wheelchair accessible. However, the outdoor observation deck and balcony is not wheelchair accessible. 

If it’s not reasonable to provide access than there’s not much you can do.  Especially where safety is concerned. 

Some activities require a certain amount of physical mobility for liability purposes.  > For example, someone who is paralyzed isn’t going to be able to go sky diving, 

Well... Not the best example.  My wife is a non-verbal quadriplegic. (Stephen Hawkings level of disability).

We actually met skydiving.  She has nearly 50 jumps and a restricted "A" license from the USPA.  A lot of people with profound disabilities go skydiving.

But, the general statement is correct. There are a lot of experiences she is not able to participate in due to her disability, and it's perfectly legal. (As you might suspect, we have A LOT of experience in dealing with ADA issues). She often raises hell about it... and sometimes gets her way.  But, the exclusions are usually legal, and she has to (eventually) accept it.

You might be surprised about the accommodations that are possible for the disabled.  Can they tell your wife no because of her disability or is that a decision she has to make? Or do they state there are such and such physical
requirements that must be met to participate? Ok look you with your facts about crazy things that even as a parent of a severely disabled child I wouldn’t have thought possible... that’s actually really cool and amazing. Anyway, I should have just used the monticello example that someone else did, growing up in VA its one I’m really familiar with. They can state there are specific requirements and require a doc to sign off. 