Refused to work on handicap van, said they will sue I am a upfitter. 

Person requests quote for work on van, doesn't say it's a handicap van. 

Van comes in and it's a extensively modified Sienna. Controls in the way.  The floor is dropped.  To do the work I would need to spend hours pulling out the mounts and controls. Plus I do not want to liability on reinstalling the controls. This is probably a 100k Sienna as is 

I tell them I can not work on the van.  I figure it would be bad to touch the control and worse to tell them it's more money to fix the van. 

They say they will sue me under ADA.  

I tell them I will work on van if they have someone take out the control and bring me the van.  After they will need to have a qualified person reinstall them. 

It would cost them $1000 plus for that work. They say I need to cover that or do it 

I tell them I can't.  

Van has a placard saying the van can not even be driven by someone not qualified to operate the controls. 

What do I do in this situation. 

I googled the person and they already sued two businesses for unrelated ADA things.  And I feel this might be a setup 
 You're right.  This feels like a setup.  And unfortunately that probably means the smart money is on talking to a lawyer.

In the broadest terms, the law prevents you from refusing service to someone on the basis of a disability but it doesn't force you to perform work you're not qualified to perform.  That doesn't mean they can't sue you and perhaps coerce a settlement because it's cheaper than litigation.  You need qualified local legal advice. You can't refuse to do the work because they have a disability. You can refuse to do the work because you aren't qualified to work on extensively modified vehicles, modified in ways that have a significant impact on the work you would be doing.

Maybe they will sue you. You should consult the lawyer immediately before talking to them again to make sure you don't say anything that would look bad for you. They can not require you to do work that you are unqualified to do.

They can not require you to pay for work you are unqualified to do.

You do have to make REASONABLE accommodations to serve them.

I would call your insurance and discuss the situation with them.  
If you screw up the controls, you are going to get sued. If you don't do the work, they will probably sue you.  I think you are better off getting sued for not doing the work than for messing up the system.
 You need to talk to an attorney. I think the most important thing for you to stress is that you don't have the experience or skills to safely work on a heavily modified handicap van. Think about it; if you don't have the experience or skills necessary to work on the van, took the job anyway, and ended up putting the van back together incorrectly you would definitely deserve to be sued for any damages to the van or owner in the event of an accident due to your bad repair.

Call a lawyer and consult with them before you contact this person again, but your best defense is likely going to be that you don't have the means, skills, or experience to work on their van and that it needs to go to a specialist. While this person sounds like a "professional plaintiff" (the ADA has created a lot of those, unfortunately) it sounds like they don't have a case.

An able-bodied person could come in with the same van and you would not be able to service it. This is the crux of the issue. The person's disability is not the reason for the refusal of the job.

You probably want to speak to a lawyer if you're sued, but I'd be surprised if even the sleaziest ADA lawyers take this case on for the plaintiff.
 Point out that you can’t drive the van onto the lift, and they aren’t able to either cause they aren’t qualified to use the lift. You don’t have the proper qualifications to do the job Since he has already sued 2 business , he has demonstrated he is serious about going the lawsuit route. Unlike most people who start shouting "I'm gonna sue you into oblivion". So I recommend hiring a lawyer now to word your refusal and to manage any communication with this person.  There is a chance if they receive the answer from a lawyer they will  move on to easier "prey"  Qualified Person: Fix this motorized handicapped scooter or else!

You: I'm not qualified for this! I work on bicycles...

Qualified Person: I'll sue you under the ADA! You HAVE to do this at your posted bicycle prices!

I can't imagine that any lawsuit would go well for them. You tell them that you cannot safely do this work on a modified van.

If they sue you, do NOT ignore it.  But you will not lose a case of this sort.  There is absolutely no way they can force you to do something like this, where you touch customized systems.  It would be dangerous.  You're doing the right thing. I would stop talking to them. Get a lawyer involved and leave it there. That was absolutely a setup.  It sucks they're suing you under ADA.  Do you have a policy of not working on cars over a certain value?  For instance, I know tire shops won't even touch Teslas because of the liability.

They have to prove that you are not accommodating their disability, and that the lack of accommodations is discriminatory.  A policy of maximum assumed liability based on your insurance would go a long way here.

Tangentially related, go make sure your bathroom signs are code compliant, and that you have an international symbol of accessibility posted to your door.  A litigious disabled person could pick on anything. As a former appliance repair tech, here's how I handled similar situations:

Bid about 4X what you normally would to do the same work. Including to have someone else do all of the scary stuff. In this case you would bid something like $10,000. If they accept the bid, fine!



I called this "biding the job away".  [deleted] Serious question: how is refusing to work on a van at all triggered by the ADA? If it’s as OP says, he’s not denying service to the PERSON who may or may not be disabled (I️ didn’t see that in the post), but rather refusing to do work on a van. If that was the case, a person in a wheelchair could walk into a repair shop asking for the wheelchair to be fixed, and if the repairman didn’t know how to do that, they could be sued.

I️ know it’s a fine line and that they could sue to get a settlement, but if the reason for the refusal isn’t based on the disability (which I’d argue the VAN doesn’t have), what are we even talking about? Get that lawyer. If you still have the car take pictures. Millions of pictures to show the judge the kind of work needed and why it's beyond you. 

> I tell them I will work on van if they have someone take out the control and bring me the van. After they will need to have a qualified person reinstall them.
It would cost them $1000 plus for that work. They say I need to cover that or do it
I tell them I can't.

Did you get this in writing? If not send a message or email with this offer as well. Right now your best shot is to prove to the judge that you couldn't do the work, and that you tried your best to find a middle ground. > Van has a placard saying the van can not even be driven by someone not qualified to operate the controls. 

If this is the case, the company that modified it almost certainly has dire warranty-voiding language about unauthorized people working on it. I'd contact them. 

There may also be special DMV requirements for vehicles with unconventional controls and certifications required. 

If the van is in your shop, see if there's an insurance card in the glove box. Contact the carrier as there may be issues there too preventing you from working on it. So I'm sure you did the right thing here. These types of modifications can be tricky, not only from a fixing the car standpoint but also a legal one. If those modifications disable a federally mandated part of an automobile (air bags is the example I see most often) then you may need an exemption to the federal law to do it. It's not an easy read but https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/49/part-595 details situations has the legal details. I found a PDF at https://www.nhtsa.gov/staticfiles/nti/disabled_drivers/pdf/Adapting_Motor_Vehicles_Brochure_810733.pdf that has a section on finding qualified people to install the equipment. I don't see much on how to become qualified butt my guess is your lawyer can very quickly come up with reasons why you legally can't mess with this equipment and respond on your behalf. They probably are ADA trolls, looking for a lawsuit.

I would just give them a quote that includes the cost of removing and reinstalling the offending equipment, and the cost to tow it back and forth to a qualified shop.

They're looking for you to flat out say no, but giving them a quote would not be saying no, you would just be telling them the cost of what they claim to want.
 It's so unlikely to be an ADA violation to state that you are not qualified to dismantle and rebuild after market devices.


There are often state laws written to respond to ADA lawsuit abuse, so there may be legal consequences for the abusive party. When I worked at a body shop, the only fuckup I ever made was a van like this. I backed into a doctor's Camaro that he was there picking up. On the same fender we just repaired. Those things are not easy to drive.

---

I'm going to go back to my "standard contracting advice"

When someone asks me to do something outside of my core competencies, that's always a partner upsell.

"Since you want me to manage this as a project for you, I'd be happy to do it. As you know, this is beyond my competency, but I will of course find a suitable partner and make this a turnkey solution."

So what you do is is find the person who takes out the controls. You ask them how much it costs. You said $1000. For me, I have to make markup on that, plus related costs. I would build that into my quote and put it at $2000. $1000 for the work, $200 for delivery there and back and $600 (60%) for my personal markup. 

I think you really fucked up by refusing the work. In fact, I would take their money and farm the whole fucking thing out and charge them a huge markup as a management fee. 

There's no reason to be sued. None at all. Why do this to yourself?

Send them a revised quote. It's a win-win. Either they pay your rate or they fuck off. But they can't sue you if you offer them a legitimate quote. This isn't unprecedented. Contractors use subcontractors ALL THE TIME. FWIW, we have a modified handicapped van.  And, it doesn't even have any of the driver controls modified.

Just, lowered, with a rear ramp for a wheelchair.

Pretty much anything behind the firewall, the dealer won't even touch.

It CAN be frustrating.  Because we are left, in many cases to have to bring the van to the company that did the modifications, who completely GOUGE you on the repairs.  They will also not cooperate with any independent mechanics.

Once, we had an issue with the fuel line, took the van to an independent mechanic.  He went to the place that did the modifications...  They SHOWED him the exact part that he needed to replace.  When he asked to buy it, they were like "Nope.  If they want their van fixed, they have to bring it to us.  And, if you try to do it, they [us] will be sure to sue you if it fails and someone gets hurt."

SO....  I'm not saying that they are not trying to set you up.  I'm not saying that they are not going to drop a suit on you.

But, they also might be reacting out of a great deal of frustration. OP contact your insurance company as well. Not a lawyer:

Do you know of businesses qualified to do the work? 

I hit a giant raccoon once with my car. Loads of mechanical damage and some body work also that I didn't know about. I had my car towed to my mechanic, who sent the body work elsewhere to be done properly. 

If you know someone, ask them prepare a quote for that work, then add it to your quote with your regular shop markup added. 

You win because you're offering all necessary services, the other business wins because they're getting work, and the customer gets the work performed. 

Put a disclaimer in that XYZ work is being performed by ACME CORP since they're qualified to drive the vehicle and did that work. ---
> http://imgur.com/a/myIAb

---
*I am a bot whose sole purpose is to improve the timeliness and accuracy of responses in this subreddit.*

---
**It appears you forgot to include your location in the title or body of your post. Please update the body of your original post to include this information.**

---
***Do NOT delete this post - Instead, simply edit the post with the requested information.***

---

Author: /u/helpmee4115

Title: **Refused to work on handicap van, said they will sue**

Original Post: 

> I am a upfitter. 
> 
> Person requests quote for work on van, doesn't say it's a handicap van. 
> 
> Van comes in and it's a extensively modified Sienna. Controls in the way.  The floor is dropped.  To do the work I would need to spend hours pulling out the mounts and controls. Plus I do not want to liability on reinstalling the controls. This is probably a 100k Sienna as is 
> 
> I tell them I can not work on the van.  I figure it would be bad to touch the control and worse to tell them it's more money to fix the van. 
> 
> They say they will sue me under ADA.  
> 
> I tell them I will work on van if they have someone take out the control and bring me the van.  After they will need to have a qualified person reinstall them. 
> 
> It would cost them $1000 plus for that work. They say I need to cover that or do it 
> 
> I tell them I can't.  
> 
> Van has a placard saying the van can not even be driven by someone not qualified to operate the controls. 
> 
> What do I do in this situation. 
> 
> I googled the person and they already sued two businesses for unrelated ADA things.  And I feel this might be a setup 
> 




---
LocationBot 4.0 | GitHub (Coming Soon) | [Statistics](https://locationbot.info) | [Report Issues](https://www.reddit.com/r/locationbot) As a deaf guy protected by ADA, not a lawyer, he doesn't really have a case. You can't do the job. That's unreasonable if this person asks you to do a job you don't know how to do. 

Not only that, you DID give a reasonable solution so you actually followed the law (As far as I know.)

However, I worked as a maintenance guy and ironically I was accused of breaking the very same law that protects me. My company still wanted a lawyer step in because these sort of things get sticky real quick. Remember that guy in Florida who sued strip clubs for a living cause he was in a wheel chair? He just went from one to another looking for ones without ramps. Sounds like this handicapped van owner may be onto a similar scheme.  > I am a upfitter.

What exactly is the work they're asking you to do?

That said, I agree you should just get a lawyer. This person already have a history of suing under the ADA which is a terribly litigant-friendly law, it's not DIY territory. > It would cost them $1000 plus for that work. They say I need to cover that or do it

Can you take the job, send it out for the specialized work it needs, and add the $1000 to your estimate? You need to find a good lawyer who can write them what's referred to in the legal field as a "fuck off" letter. Or you could just quote them a crazy price. Talk to a lawyer if they file suit, but don't be intimidated.  The ADA only requires "reasonable accommodation."  Since there is specialized equipment installed on the van which needs specialized tools and training (and would be dangerous if an untrained person attempted repair), you were unaware of this fact and are not so trained, it is not reasonable for them to expect you to get trained (at substantial expense) and do the work.  I don't practice in this area of law, but unless there is a different section of the ADA which covers this, I would say you're good.   Here's an approach that would be reasonable.  And if the person is a scammer, would likely just incline them to move along to another vendor.

It's modified (i.e. not stock) equipment.  If someone brought you an armored limousine or a car modified to be a parade float, no one would argue that the modifications don't entail extra work.  The fact that it's modified for a disabled person doesn't alter that.  Any specialized equipment would be viewed the same way.

So work it like a general contractor.  "It'll take me some time to get up a quote for you, but sure.  We can get it done."

Then arrange to subcontract out the extra work to people who are qualified to do it, who are licensed, bonded, insured, etc.  Add their bid price to you into your quote, with no markup.  Add in your work and costs plus markup based on the work you'll do. 

Itemize the shit out of it.  Don't forget to include the cost of shipping/towing to/from the subcontractor's facility.  Make it clear on the final bid paperwork that liability for the work on the modifications lies strictly with the subcontractor.  If negotiating that liability relationship with the sub is something you have to negotiate into the subcontract, so be it.  It'll be reflected in the final bid price.

Mention that there are likely to be  tremendous savings in finding another vendor who can do the work end-to-end, or even in the customer separately contracting for the specialized work.

If I were the kind of attorney who would get involved in this kind of borderline-unethical work, I'd find a way to advise the client that their case would be improved if they could somehow goad the vendor into anger, name-calling, etc.  Because  "and then he called me a *cripple*. IN FRONT OF MY KIDS \<\*sob, boo hoo, mommy, etc\*\>"

So don't let that happen.  A person reasonably seeking the service most likely wouldn't get that upset or might be assuaged by "Well, I'll take another look and see if I can bring down the price of the work I'm contributing here.".  A crook would try throwing a tantrum, and not getting any bites would probably go elsewhere. Is it possible for you to bid this work out to another shop, add a slight markup, and then provide this person with the estimate? > That doesn't mean they can't sue you and perhaps coerce a settlement because it's cheaper than litigation.

This is always true.

BUT OP has a very clear case, because he isn't refusing to provide identical service because the potential litigant is disabled, but rather refusing to work on a vehicle that he is not qualified to modify. Would it help OP if they can show a history of refusing work on heavily modified vehicles? NAL. It's not really on the basis of the customer's disability that they are being denied. Presumably a non-disabled person requesting this work on the same van would also be denied for the same reason. If the same customer was requesting work on a normal can they wouldn't be denied. Isn't location important here? IANAL, but I was under the impression that you can't receive punitive damages under ADA in most states. He also doesn't have to charge the same for disabled and non-disabled people for the same service, when the process for for servicing a disabled persons vehicle in a manner is more time consuming.

Most people seem to be focusing on the expertise required, but even if OP performed the service this person wants it to cost the same is it would for a normal vehicle. Nothing in the ADA suggests that should be the case. >If you screw up the controls, you are going to get sued. If you don't do the work, they will probably sue you. I think you are better off getting sued for not doing the work than for messing up the system.

This is the most depressing truth I've read today. Time to get off the internet and into the sunshine. OPs plan to have them remove the modifications and have them replaced themselves is what I believe to be a reasonable accomadations. They didn't tell you the nature of the van when you gave them your quote, and you shouldn't have to pay to prepare the van for you to work on it. I feel that OP is not refusing to serve them because of their disability; he's refusing to serve because of the specifics of the vehicle. Owning a handicap van is not a protected class under the law.

It seems just as likely that I could show up to his show with riding on 24" chrome in a Subaru BRAT running on vegetable fuel and he says no to that as well.

The ADA says that you have to treat people with disabilities the same as other customers, making reasonable accommodations when necessary. He refuses service to normal people because of their car, why can't he refuse service to this person? Does he ha lve to make reasonable accommodations, this isn't some essential sercice he can just fire the customer for even trying to bring legeal allegations towards him. OP didn't give a state (Possibly about fear of this being found, given what's happening I can't blame him,) but I'm willing to bet it's Cali. That's a beautifully clear, uncomplicated  response to the issue; I can't imagine how the van owner could argue with that. It may even be physically impossible to get it onto OP’s lift due to the lowered floor. I have a regular customer who has one of these vans, and it can only be lifted on the shop’s alignment rack — there’s not enough clearance underneath it for the arms of the conventional lifts. I think a close analogy would be a person demanding that a motorized wheelchair be priced the same as a dining room chair.  They appear to be claiming that the van is the disabled victim here. It just doesn't fit.

That said, it can be a real gamble to go to court over something like this. A good lawyer on their side, a bad lawyer on yours, or a judge in a particular mood that day could mean the end of your livelihood. Oh god I think I've had that conversation before. Get a sympathetic jury (to the disabled person) and you're screwed NAL They're trying to hold him to the quote for an unmodified van. [deleted] the ADA is a law the office to report violations to is the Disability Rights Section (DRS) in the Department of Justice
https://www.ada.gov/filing_complaint.htm Your contracting advice is good in general, the problem is that they already have a quote in hand (perhaps not literally) from OP for how much the work will cost.  Now that they have showed up with a van that will require much more work to be able to do whatever they wanted in the first place, they are insisting that OP honor the original quote, and that if he charges more because of the disability accommodations, he’s in violation of the ADA.  Given the way they reacted to him suggesting that someone else do the work on the controls, I think they would have had the same reaction to him raising the price.

I wonder what the scope of what OP was being asked to do was.  Is this a job that would otherwise be, say, $500 or less, that becomes significantly more expensive when you have to add in $1000+ to remove the controls first?  The fact that OP could easily give a quote without looking at the vehicle makes me wonder if they’re trying to get OP to pay more out of pocket for dealing with these controls than the job will otherwise pay him gross. Quoting them a crazy price might come back to bite OP.  That could start a rumor that OP discriminates against the disabled.  It's not true, but entirely possible to get spread around without breaking into the realm of lying on any one person's part.

On the other hand, like some other people have said, flat out saying no is probably what they want, so OP could just quote them a normal price plus whatever it would take to deal with the equipment. I agree the case is strong from what we’ve been told. But care is always prudent when dealing with someone who has revealed themselves as litigious. 

My suggestion for real legal advice is geared around delivering a clear and carefully worded refusal to do the work. An ounce of prevention and all that.  There’s a way to phrase this refusal that puts OP in a good position. And probably some careless ways that are less than optimal.  IANAL.but work in the medical field. Documentation with non modifiable time stamps are the world. Make sure you have nicely documented everything you have stated. Email yourself through something like gmail or better yet, email it to the customer. Make sure you reiterate that you are more than willing to do the work if they find someone qualified to work on the vital components that you are not qualified to work on. Make sure you reiterate that you are not qualified and are doing it for the persons safety. Put it back on then. Wheelchair vans are modified in a very different way than any other type of van modification I can think of and generally involved modifications done by the manufacturer's factory, an intermediate company/distributor and the dealer.  So you have three levels of companies doing modifications and customizations.  If you're curious then look for youTube video's of wheelchair modified vans. Or would it hurt OP if many of those modified vehicles belong to disabled people, by showing a pattern of discrimination? 

It's a good question for a lawyer with specific experience. > Nothing in the ADA suggests that should be the case.

If that were the case, Ford and GM would be sued for not selling modified vehicles for the same price as modified vehicles  if it wouldn't cost the same barring external circumstances then it isn't exactly the same service anyway, but you make a good point fixing the trans on a Focus is different then on a semi (same concept at play in the present case) NAL This is why if you sue and lose you should be 100% responsible for all court costs and fee including the defendants attorney fees and lost wages. It's ridiculous you can ruin someone with no case from the get go  With all the shit in the news recently I’m honestly surprised that this is the most depressing thing you’ve heard.  He can, he's not in the wrong here...

The problem is, they can still sue, they won't win, but they can sue. Believe it or not there are people out there who make a habit of suing people.  

Not that long ago I read about a lawyer who went around to businesses, measuring the height of signs and what not and suing people on behalf of his "client" who were even the slightest bit off.

Here we go:

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/60-minutes-americans-with-disabilities-act-lawsuits-anderson-cooper/

http://content.time.com/time/nation/article/0,8599,1866666,00.html

http://www.abcactionnews.com/longform/ada-lawsuits-whos-driving-serial-suers

So yeah lawyer reps the van owners on contingency, they lose no big deal to them and in the mean time OP is out thousands of dollars. You could tow it or push it onto the lift, same way you would a car with a faulty engine Isn't that kind of tautological? Get a sympathetic jury to win? But that is a seperable implied contract issue. Especially given the unusual custom configuration of the van to be worked on. Withholding information about the vehicle configuration, if established, would vitiate any claim in that regard.

It would seem that an ADA issue might arise if he fails to offer a service to the individual, and that service would seem to be satisfied by offering to work on a cost plus basis as suggested, or fixed price, sufficient to satisfy the OP's idea of adequate compensation. It's not the same as telling a guy in a wheelchair he has to get out of the wheelchair in order to do something.  There are options in many cases for people in wheelchairs to get where they need to go, without a specially modified vehicle.  

In this case the OP isn't doing it to discriminate against the guy, he's doing it because he doesn't feel himself skilled/qualified enough to do what the guy needs for his vehicle.  If a man walked into a kosher bakery and asked them to make something that wasn't kosher, and the bakery said no because they don't have the equipment/capability to do so, is that discrimination?   Yeah. I accidentally deleted a few words trying to add a link that didn't paste so that's kind of a word salad. Thank you. Um, this is for filing an ADA complaint, not for ADA lawsuit abuse. >There’s a way to phrase this refusal that puts OP in a good position. 

Yep. 

And there are professionals who are experts in phrasing things to put their clients in a good position when dealing with potential legal matters. Those professionals are called "lawyers". OP should engage the services of one.  That is certainly a possibility too. As a non-lawyer, I could see it going either way. They do not charge the same rates for modified vehicles. My grandfather had polio and his legs are almost completely useless. A brand new van that can support his wheel chair and allow him to drive was about 50,000 all done and told. A new non-modified was 30,000. They do not have to charge the same price for more labor. > This is why if you sue and lose you should be 100% responsible for all court costs and fee including the defendants attorney fees and lost wages.

Even in cases where the matter of the suit is legitimately in question? Even if the other party intentionally inflates their legal costs? This seems like a great way to dissuade not only malicious lawsuits but also legitimate-but-uncertain suits. Yeah, I recall reading about a case like this a few years back.

[http://nypost.com/2011/06/05/brooklyn-amputees-sue-spree-against-businesses-that-arent-handicapped-accessible/](http://nypost.com/2011/06/05/brooklyn-amputees-sue-spree-against-businesses-that-arent-handicapped-accessible/)

I seem to recall the lawyer involved is currently under investigation, because it was revealed that, in these cases, he was billing his time at a rate more than twice that of the top lawyers employed on Wall Street and stuff. Furthermore, he began filing cases on behalf of another client, a quadriplegic from Ireland. After several cases, some judge became suspicious and demanded that the client appear. The lawyer said that he had gone back to Ireland, and there's been no proof that he actually existed. 

In any case, it seems to me that this stems from the way the ADA is written, in that if someone is found to be in violation, they have to pay legal costs as well as fixing the problem. As such, these guys basically perform extortion, demanding money to not sue. It's disgusting behavior.  > Not that long ago I read about a lawyer who went around to businesses, measuring the height of signs and what not and suing people on behalf of his "client" who were even the slightest bit off.

There is a guy that does this in a town I live in as well. Not sure it's ever made the news, but it made my boss leery about some stuff when I worked in retail.  i mean a jury that is sympathetic to the disabled person and not to the business [deleted] there is (as far as I can tell) no hotline for reporting suits like that (filing a suit is not illegal, but if its frivolous courts can sanction you) because agencies don't typically have authority to punish them. but the agency might appreciate the notice anyway.

EDIT: plus, if the ADA stated a meritless suit was not allowed then pursuing a meritless claim WOULD be an ADA Violation

NAL and have not read ADA in its entirety  Yes, that's what he is saying. That if ADA applied, Ford and GM would be sued for not selling them at the same price.  In countries where loser pays is a thing, a judge determines if the full legal fees are paid, or if a reasonable amount of fees are paid.

Usually cases that aren't malicious are settled out of court, and fees are negotiated between the parties themselves. In England loser pays winners costs, The US (with some modern, deliberate, and necessary statutory exceptions like Magnuson-Moss) purposefully did not adopt that rule and instead requires parties to pay their own fees NAL Malicious lawsuits, at the very least, should be covered.

I agree that dissuading legitimate-but-uncertain suits is probably not a good idea. I know we're getting off topic, but that should be the standard, or at least it should be easier for judges to award attorney fees. Yes, I think if you start a lawsuit and lose, you generally should be responsible for the costs you caused the (generally) innocent party. And if you are sued and lose, you should pays those costs, since you caused the other party a loss, it's not fair for them to have to spend, say $10,000 to recover $20,000 you owe them.  

There should be rules set in place for other situations, like if one party unnecessarily prolongs the litigation, abuses discovery, or refuses a fair settlement offer. Then they should be responsible for the extra cost they caused.  It without it were basically encouraging malicious suits. Either way legitimate ones are going to be overshadowed. I think I'd prefer the one with less malicious suits and an overall lower amount of suits wasting time Actually, the ADA does not allow the person bringing suit to get a payout.  That is mentioned in the very article you linked to. It is a few states, notably California and Florida that additional laws on top of the ADA that allow for that.  That is why these "spam" lawsuits are entirely in those states. Otherwise, you won't see one unless there really is a lack of disability access that is important to the plaintiff usually. a friend of mine recently received a letter from Hirsch stating he was denied access to his business on such and such date and time and demanding money. Yes, he was denied access and so was everyone else. from the day my friend opened they have always been closed on the day in question.


He gave the letter to his lawyer and his lawyer told him to ignore him unless he files a suit. There's two types of discrimination, one against disability and one general (based on gender, race etc).  It's not related to the issue here because this is a physical disability type issue; I mentioned it because it comes down to "don't have equipment/can't do it"  which is the argument the OP wants to use.  

I'm not sure exactly what modifications the user wants on this car, but the OP seems to feel they can't do it without removing the controls, which they don't feel they can do safely due to not being familiar with the equipment.   The way I see it they have two options: have the owner sign a liability document saying "If the controls are damaged as a result of our needing to remove them to access parts of the car for your desired modifications, we aren't going to pay."  Or refuse, based on the fact that they don't feel qualified/able to do the work that the owner needs.    I know these vans, and they're pretty extensively modified and are quite different from the standard van that would roll in the door.  It's not a skillbase I would expect someone at my corner garage to have.  

I mean, I get it from both sides here.  Owner just wants something done to the van - it doesn't sound like repairs exactly, but something added?  And the garage doesn't want the liability if they mess it up by tinkering with things they have no experience or practical knowledge of how to work with.  They'd be better off referring the owner to a garage that DOES have experience.  

The owner can sue them, and the garage can give their position in court, but I'm not reading this as discrimination and more of a common-sense thing.  I would take my car to a place that advertises transmission work, rather than walking into the corner garage and saying "Here, fix my transmission (hand over keys and walk out)".  I don't think you understand how difficult it is to prove to a judge that a lawsuit was malicious.  Malicious suits are typically already covered by fee shifting in most states.  The problem is proving that it's malicious.   Interesting. [There's a Minnesota lawyer who did spam ADA suits](http://m.startribune.com/fbi-investigating-hansmeier-s-disability-access-lawsuits/408566345/). [deleted] But if you’re going to take out the possible nefarious motive for the customer, take out OP trying to use a workaround to not help a disabled client. 

Now the guys reason for not taking it is justified as well. He’s not discriminating due to customers condition and customer should find a mechanic who specializes in this kind of van or similar modifications, not use the law to force him to accept responsibility. 

I️ think an earlier comment on this thread made sense: customer signs waiver of liability for the parts OP doesn’t want to be liable for and OP fixes. Bingo bango. Otherwise, find a speciality mechanic to work on a specialty car. They’re paid a premium specifically for this reason.  Agreed, it's sort of a gray area.  I mean, some of the modifications that these companies make to wheelchair accessible vans are pretty extensive and to my understanding that sort of thing isn't often covered in auto mechanic courses.  Someone approaching it for the first time would be a bit leery and concerned of breaking things - especially when the owner is already in your face and saying they'll sue if you refuse.  Those vans are expensive and I'm not sure if the business insurance would cover any accidental breakage in the process of trying to do whatever it was the owner wanted done to it.  It's a sensible case for "thanks but no thanks, you really should take this to a specialist who knows more about how to work on these vehicles."     

unfortunately because it's such a niche type of problem, it might end up having to go to court to fully settle the nuances of law, etc.  