Nursing home is mistreating my mother and taking away her power wheelchair. My mom has MS and is confined to her power wheelchair. She is still able to use her left arm to drive the chair, and she can speak and communicate effectively. She is not able to move her right arm or legs. She has been living in a nursing home in a very small town in North Dakota for almost ten years. This is the only nursing home in the town, and any other options would be far away from any of our family.

Around two months ago my mom suffered a small stroke. She was hospitalized for a week and had a feeding tube attached to her stomach. Around that time the nursing home hired a new director. The new director fired a few members of the staff. One of them warned my sister that the new director does not like my mom. He said the nursing home was looking for a legal avenue to refuse to take my mom back after the stroke. He also said several other residents have sued the facility for various reasons.

Since then, she has almost completely recovered from the stroke. Her doctor from the hospital ordered the nurses to start feeding her whole food, instead of using the tube. The nursing home refused to feed her orally, claiming the doctor never ordered it. They didn't stop using the feeding tube until my sister brought the doctor into the nursing home and he explained that she needs to be off it.

The nursing home did not want my mom to use her power wheelchair after the stroke. Eventually they agreed to let her use it, but only in her room. They said she is a danger to the other residents in the facility. I watched her using the chair in my sister's confined kitchen over Thanksgiving, and I do not agree that she risks hurting the other residents. Today my mom got the arm of her chair stuck under a small desk in her room. She backed up and pulled the table over, breaking it. The nursing home is now taking away her wheelchair. They said, "we (our family) have been given several warnings". They are asking my sister to meet with them tomorrow to confirm that they will be taking the chair away.

My mom has complained about other treatment. In one case, she was in pain while they were lifting her on to the toilet. She got upset with them, and they punished her by making her wear diapers for three days.

I am suggesting to my sister that we get Disability Rights North Dakota involved for that meeting. I think she should tell them she is looking for a representative for our mom, and ask them to reschedule this meeting for next week. I am also thinking we should file a complaint with the organization that licenses this nursing home. I am not sure if I should contact an attorney.

I don't know exactly what rights my mom has, and if the nursing home is able to legally do these things.

Any advice would be greatly appreciated. I do not want my mom to lose her independence. Thanks! Your ideas seem like a good starting point. Only other thing i can think of is to call adult protective services and tell them about these incidents, especially the diaper one as it seems deliberately abusive and retaliatory. 