VPO for harassment against home owning neighbor. Now cohabiting girlfriend is harassing me. Any knowledge on liability for homeowner? OKLAHOMA: I'll try to keep it as short as possible. Basically, for the past year, me, minor child, and neighbor family across street and their children (along with another family in neighborhood) have been granted VPO's against this crazy woman (We will call her "1" and girlfriend is "2"). Over the past year, she has broken out our windows with rocks, stalked us, put nails in our driveway multiple times, thrown feces at our house, waited for us daily when we came home to yell at us and threaten us, sprayed something all over our yard to kill our grass, thrown two medicine cups in backyard (I'm assuming for our dog), broken the fence we share, and many other things I'm probably forgetting. We now have a VPO. We recently put up a camera because the harassment has continued. They tailgated me two weeks ago, began harassing my husband by addressing him directly with me right there, and continue to throw items in my lawn. The latest was used tissue, two large bolts to run over with mower, her cigar mouthpieces, feces, rags that smelled like fecal matter, etc). I had my ladder stored against the fence because we used it to put up camera. It's covers an area between our homes. This is to catch them throwing things at my home. They retaliated by undressing their 300+ pound bodies and, well, whatever you are imagining, they did it for the camera. Of course, they got our attention to the monitors by flashing their lights at us a few times. This weekend, "1" pushed the ladder off of her fence (from her side of fence), and it landed against my house while children were playing in my yard and supposedly used a rake head to do it. When police confronted "1" and "2", "1" hid while "2" took blame. It's convenient that way for them, as I do not have a VPO against "2". Basically, the police told me that since "2" took blame, "1" was off the hook and DA wouldn't move forward with case. My camera very conveniently glitched out during this! I called the guy who set up system to look at camera, he says it "glitched" and that there was no footage! So there's no way to prove what I personally witnessed on the monitor as it happened. So here's my question. I'm incredibly exhausted from these games. I just want to live my life without these crazies harassing me and it seems that they are finding ways to continue harassing me without getting into trouble. I understand that law enforcement may not always be quite savvy on the laws they're supposed to be enforcing. If "1" owns home, would this count as using a 3rd party? If not, would she still be liable if she's allowing someone on her property to mess with my stuff, especially when both women were present, in court room, when VPO hearing occurred? These people know how to walk the line in a way that they can not get into trouble. I know there's a solution to this. Guess I didn't keep this short. 

P.S. Surely, after reading this, you can gather that I feel like a prisoner in my own home. My son and I cant even go outside and play. Although I have a VPO against her, it doesn't keep her from "talking loudly" to get lovely messages to my ears, or sometimes she just stands there and stares at me with angry looks. Its incredibly uncomfortable and we just prefer not to go outside. This all started because she had a drug raid on her home several months ago and thinks that we were the ones to call it on her. Apparently I have the DEA on speed dial. Regardless, the harassment has far from ceased. We are trying to get her on anything possible so she will stop. We want our lives back. Just move. Drama like this doesn't end.. it just gets stranger.

Crazy neighbors don't "go away," either. They just get more cats and more booze and it will get really weird. As 2 claimed responsibility for at least one of the acts, have you considered pursuing a VPO aainst her as well?  But they already have too many cats and too much booze (and well, cocaine, apparently). I would love to move, but I'm stuck in a lease. I should note, however, they're getting foreclosed on. In fact, very soon, a sheriffs sale is occurring. Not to mention felony drug charges pending.  "2" has another felony pending as well. It won't be long.  I have considered. Yes. Still am. They'll be out soon, as the sale is still on. This was such a stressful process. I had to take time off work, and she tried not showing up on 3 different occasions. The judge made her drug attorney (he's known as that) call her after being a no show the 3rd time and made her come in. She showed up with her girlfriend still in sleep clothes and in a wheelchair. (She definitely doesn't need a wheelchair. She walks normally, is built like a man, and hauls wheelbarrows around doing stuff outside constantly.) They both lied in court multiple times and were called out on it. But it was extremely difficult to get this VPO. It took months of making reports and gathering evidence and it STILL seemed very difficult to obtain. This whole "not feeling free in my own home" thing truly has caused a lot of emotional stress for me, to the point that I was having panic attacks. I'm hoping they leave quickly and I do not have to go through with another hearing.  