Trying to get my father to apply for VA benefits Hello, I’m looking for advice.  My father served two tours in Vietnam (one drafted and the other voluntary).  When he was drafted, he was assigned to graves registration because my extended family worked in mortuary science and he had part timed their during summers in high school.  
My dad is a very quiet man who never asks anyone for anything.  He shows no emotion and never has.  He has always dealt with back pain/issues ever since I can remember.  But being a “bootstrap” guy, he dealt with it.
Now, he is having to care for my disabled mother who is wheelchair bound and has to work a factory night shift to make ends meet.  Ends aren’t even really meeting anymore, they are in financial distress.  When my mother falls, he can’t even pick her up even though she only weighs 90 pounds.  He has to call EMTs every time.
I FINALLY asked him yesterday if his back issues were related to his service, and being the proud man that he is, just shrugged and said yeah I guess so.  My mom finally spoke up and said that he was downplaying the situation and the way he had to recover men from the field (while being under threat of fire) definitely ruined his back.
I asked him if he would finally seek help from the VA benefits to see what he could qualify for.  Reluctantly, he seems to be interested.  He is afraid he would come across as someone who is trying to use the system.  I spent the entire day yesterday explaining to him that he should at least explore what VA benefits could do for him, because he did a job that most anyone would never want to do.
Keep in mind that he comes from the generation where he does not like to ask for help.  Also, he is very guarded about his service experience and does not like to talk about it whatsoever.  However, I think due to his and my moms current financial situation he is finally interested in any help.
I am mainly interested to see if anyone here has any advice on the first step.  Should he contact the VA directly, should he go talk with an American Legion representative?   I really don’t know how this works.  
I think his biggest fear is that he asks for VA benefits, but is denied.  Then that would make him feel like he was trying to use the system.  My grandfather, who served in WW2, was the same way.  My mom and aunts had to drag him in.
Sorry for such a long post but ANY advice on what to do would be greatly appreciated.   He could go through DAV or other services that assist with applying for benefits. It might be easier for him to talk to someone he doesn’t personally know, rather than a family member. Plus they have experience with filling out the forms properly.  Where is he located? You've got quite a difficult but commendable endevour in front of you. I'd take him to a VA hospital, and start the intent to file. He's gonna be stubborn, but he'll appreciate it if you help him. Keep at it. Get a copy of his DD214, and get him signed up on the stupid piece of shit veterans benefits website first. After that, just call and ask the VA what your next steps will be. You'll sometimes speak with someone who has no idea what they're talking about. Try again the next day. Everyone advocates for using a VSO, or legion, or whatever. I think that causes more trouble than it's worth. That's just my opinion though. Thanks for the info, I appreciate it! Middle Tennessee area.  Thanks! Thank you for the advice.  I really appreciate it  Try this:
https://www.sumnertn.org/offices/veterans
They have a list of offices on this page and those offices can take care of everything from questions to claims. Hope he gets the help he needs, deserves, and earned.  Thank you 🙏  Anytime man.  