92 yr old WWll Combat Vet neighbor travel suggestions. Our 92 year old best friend is a World War II Combat Vet and wants to see Washington DC, visit the World War II Memorial, Smithsonian, etc.  His health has been declining and it's been decades since he's been to Washington DC.  He's the most kind wonderful humble man.  He's dedicated his life to this country and we'd like to make this trip happen for him so we are looking for suggestions.  

He's as sharp as a tack,  self sufficient, very determined, gets around pretty well, has a motorized cart/wheelchair for long stints if need be.  He's not suppose to fly but says he doesn't give a shit because he's going to die anyways so what difference does it make. (Flying isn't an option for him in my book)

Guessing a 4-5 day trip, give or take.  Would like accommodations to be centrally located. Something nice with restraurant/bar whereas if he wants to grab a glass of bourbon sit back and relax he can.  

Anyone know of any perks/passes to get or  know of anyone to contact that can help with suggestions to make this an incredibly enjoyable trip is appreciated.

Need suggestions and the must see ideas of DC  🇺🇸 I thought there was the freedom flight thing that covered all that.  I saw you said he might no be able to fly though? Ah.  Sorry I couldn’t help more.  Good luck I don’t know about flights but look into the Hilton veteran program. They give hotel points to veterans new in a town or looking for work, maybe they could make a case for this? It’s not like them giving out one extra pass would make a dent in their business, definitely worth exploring  Your congressmen and senators may have some ideas. Also check with your local and DC’s vet service groups. The VA social workers in DC may have some info too. 😀 Yes, his doctors told him no flying, altho he doesn't care about that, we do. 
It's Honor Flight, you have to sign up for it in your area, it's only certain times of the year they go, there's a waiting list and it's really for only a day and a half trip.   It would be nice, but we want to be sure that he spends the time that he wants with things.   