Houston police to disabled vet blocked from restaurant: 'You don't need a dog'  They are using the service dog to support the soldier.

I think the best idea would to just carry the law with you. Like driving with your  registration. I can't believe these stupid mother fuckers, I'm pretty sure nowadays stress/PTSD dogs are common place so what the fuck?! I'm not sure, but is his dog a service dog or some sort of support animal.   Sorry in advance. It sounds like your saying that all people with canes, walkers, wheelchairs and any other support device should carry a registration card for it. They really are common place in my University, it makes me smile to see them being so helpful.  My dog may not be "official" but he has certainly helped to keep me sane. I beg to differ... I have seen one service dog that was not for the blind once in the last ten years I have been working in a place of public service.  This is not a conspiracy, it is simple ignorance of how animals are used as service animals in todays world.  This is just the case of the state not getting the word out!!!  An old troop of mine with PTSD was denied her service dog by her commander. He didn't want to pursue a waiver for the dog to be in the dorms or let her move off base. This sort of treatment isn't just in the civilian sector. It definitely counts as a service dog.

http://www.ada.gov/service_animals_2010.htm

 They shouldn't... It's bullshit. but until it changes... It'd be best > Sorry in advance. It sounds like your saying that all people with canes, walkers, wheelchairs and any other support device should carry a registration card for it.

Woosh.
 I guess people just don't understand that a service dog is a service dog, I doesn't matter what for. There is strict qualifications and training so it isn't a joke. People are just ignorant I guess. Well shit.  In 2010 when I was looking into this PTSD dogs were not, because I wanted one.  Looks like it was revised I'm 2011. I don't know you but I like you So was he joking? Because, if he was, you're correct, I don't get the joke. I'm only saying that carrying around a piece of paper all the time for some idiots benefit is... idiotic. And to suggest that people do this for real is idiotic. Ignorance of the law is not an excuse for breaking it, or so I've been told.

It sounds like something that should be a part of any customer service job orientation.

Edit: My wife says that the second part sounded sarcastic. I have a hard time distinguishing text sarcasm.

The "most accepted way that I have seen" of using sarcasm on the internet is to place /s after the statement. It wasn't that they weren't service dogs. The VA doesn't decide what is a reasonable accommodation in regards to disabilities, service dog or otherwise (in fact they are usually far behind the curve on that). The VA's position is that they don't want to pay for service dogs for PTSD. According to [Forbes] (http://www.forbes.com/sites/rebeccaruiz/2013/11/22/va-to-resume-ptsd-service-dog-study/) they are paying to study the viability of this. (Let me translate: they are dragging their feet.) woosh = thats the sound of the point going over your head.

The problem with most people these days is they aren't willing to cover their asses when this stuff arises. Just scrolling down my front page I saw like 2-3 articles related to service dogs being treated illegally, and this article alone mentions several instances of it happening as well. I agree it SHOULDN'T be required, but the fact is, it is.

America is generally lazy and stupid, if you are unwilling to prepare yourself to educate the idiots, then you're going to get stuck in a court room.

Localized service dog laws are unknown to a majority of the population, hell I don't even know the service dog laws in my town(Not that I need to). What if I travel? There are so many problems with this system that being unwilling to actually provide documentation is just asking for trouble. All it would take is a small laminated notecard in your wallet with the specific info for them to reference, and when a cop arrives they look it up and be like "yup, its legit!" and everyone is on their merry way.

Having a "service dog" license would also seem an appropriate item to issue to easily combat this. Exactly. 