Philly VA is god awful, alternative suggestions? I've been out since 2008 and recently awarded my disabilities in 2015.  Since than I've noticed that it is next to impossible to get an appointment with primary care or mental health, the phone service is horrendous, and the pharmacy moves slower than my 80 yr old grandmother in her wheelchair. From my view so far, the only thing the doctors want to do is discourage you from taking natural supplements and pump you full of pharmaceutical bs. Yes I need some of the meds, but their bedside manner is cold and scripted. They ask the generic questions and than tell you to go to the pharmacy. Why even come in? Dental is even more fucked up, where they drilled a tooth thinking they can fix it, only to tell me I need a root canal instead. Leaving me with an even more exposed tooth.  
How can this be acceptable to us veterans who served our country and put our life on the line??  How can I see an outside doctor, psychiatrist, or dentist that knows what their doing!!?   /u/FeelLostThrowaway [created a website](http://www.vareview.net/) where you can review VA facilities. I hope you do everyone a favor and add your thoughts. Come check out Phoenix's VA.  We will make you love your VA again. If you can't get an appointment within 30 days you're eligible for the Choice program. You can call them at 1-866-606-8198 to get set up. When I used it I was able to get an appointment that day with a regular non-VA doc for the following week, I never went back after that. You should check out the VA in St. Louis at the John Cochran Hospital.

Pretty sure it was built by the Aztecs and housed union soldiers during the Cival War with no maintenance to the building since those times.

On top of constant complaints and negligence to patients that I have witnessed on multiple occasions, being nationally accredated for being a bad VA hospital, and wait times of 1-2 months for a general appointment (Even with Choice Program as I recently found where I had an appointment scheduled a few weeks ago that isn't until February), it is where you go to ensure where you're from, you have it better. I agree. I hate it.  So once you were seen you were able to keep going to that doctor? Did you have to fill anything out to keep going or did he just bill the VA? > If you can't get an appointment within 30 days you're eligible for the Choice program. You can call them at 1-866-606-8198 to get set up.

I'm not so sure you can just call them up to set up an outside appointment.  

This past November one of the clinics I go to couldn't get me in until late January, so that made me eligible for Choice.  The clerk at the clinic did some electronic form that created a Choice referral. Was told that I should hear from them within 5-7 business days.

Now stupid me I decided to be a bit proactive and called the Choice hotline I believe it was two days after the referral was created.  I was told by the Choice rep that they had no record of the referral and without the referral from the VA, there is nothing that can be done. It was also suggested I contact the clinic and have them submit a new referral.

So I called the clinic, spoke to the clerk who did the referral, she told me she can see it in the system and it had already been flagged as received by Choice.

Three days later I got the automated call from the Choice program telling me to call in regarding the referral.

What I learned from this is that without a VA referral, Choice either can not or will not do anything - and that it takes 4-5 days for an *electronic* record to travel from the VA to the Choice program..
 Doctors that accept Choice will know how to get authorizations for anything you need. I ended up going to multiple different specialists on referral without having to ever communicate with the VA. If I needed to be seen longer or have a procedure done they'd schedule the appointment and just send off the authorization to the VA for approval. 

The only communication I ever received were zero balance bills for services rendered and authorizations for my personal records. Just make sure when you start using choice that whoever you see has your full SSN, that's what choice uses (I had to go around calling every department at a hospital once after I received a bill for an eye-popping $180k for a surgery, don't make my mistake!). 