my friend, who's a Iraq war veteran, put this on fb. I was hoping to give it a little extra attention.  This happened to a good friend of mine that I served with in the 82nd. He was paralyzed in Iraq but is still one of the most motivated and funniest people you will ever meet. This is unacceptable and Best Western should be embarrased.

I need some help guys!
I stayed at a best western in Monahans TX yesterday for a pit stop at a rate of 289 for six hours. It was a necessity at the time. For those who might get this message who don't know me, I was injured in Iraq five years ago and am in a wheelchair. The elevator was down when I woke up, so I called the front desk. The conversation goes as such... Verbatim.
Chad ... Hi the elevator isnt working
Holly... It's been down for about an hour
Chad... Can you send someone up to help me down the stairs ( I said this as calmly as I could, I know Shit happens)
Holly...Are you serious? (In a mocking voice)
Chad...(Explains that I am in a wheelchair)
Holly... Well, what do you want me to do about it? (she said flippantly)
Chad... Are you fucking serious? I'm in a fucking wheelchair.
Holly... Chuckles.
So I made a formal complaint after the manager played dumb. The file number is120806-3855.
The lady at the other end sated its a liability thing, and assured me the complaint would be passed on. But, we all know what goes on with these types of things.
So, I would like all of you to spread this message to others please. And everyone feel free to call customer support est western and tell them that you would like to boycott the chain untill a resolution o this issue is found. The address is po box 42007 phoenix, AZ 85080.
So how did I get down the stairs? 3 flights. I threw all my bags down with my wheelchair and went down on my ass He should have tried calling the local non emergency police/fire line and explain that he was an injured vet who could not get out of the building since the elevator was out.

Manager would have really reacted when a fire truck pulls up and extricates him. I'm calling them. I'm contacting them as well. I don't necessarily agree with boycotting the chain because of one persons idiocracy. If there was more than this one person who was laughing and chuckling that day during the whole situation at that Best Western location, I think it would be different. But one person? "The manager played dumb" Was the manager trying to be helpful or was he laughing about the situation also?  I would recommend to have a letter written in your friends name to the corporate office as a follow-on formal complaint with the file number. Ask them to respond to his letter and that he would like to be in the loop. Also have him call them to follow on with the complaint.  Their contact info is:

Best Western International Inc
6201 North 24th Parkway
Phoenix, AZ 85016
602-957-4200

I will happily write a letter of my own in concern with this issue, but as I stated before, I don't believe a boycott is in order because of a single occurance by a single person at a single branch of the chain. This story is hitting their facebook wall as we speak:
http://www.facebook.com/BestWestern

They also have a twitter account: https://twitter.com/TheBestWestern
 -@TheBestWestern Whoa, I just realized that your friend is the same vet mentioned on the Front Page. That lady got the boot alright! 