Seeking stem cell treatment for knees for retired Gunny Good morning, fellow veterans, former sailor here. My 33 yo brother was medically retired last year from the Marine Corps. After 14 years and 4 deployments, he's pretty well beat up. His knees are so bad that he may be in a wheelchair permanently by his 40th birthday. I am trying to find a doctor or a facility who preforms the stem cell treatment for knees and also accepts Tricare or  VA coverage. He is willing to go anywhere in the country. Has anyone had this procedure or know of anyone else who has had it? Thanks so much for reading.  From what I have seen, stem cell treatment of joints is still in the experimental stage, so the VA doesn't often cover experimental stuff.  How did your brother come to decide he wanted to try stem cell treatments?

I do Workers Compensation law and I see a lot of knee injuries and treatment decisions. You mentioned that your brother goes to an orthopedist, if he hasn't already checked it out I highly recommend that he see a physiatrist. I don't know where he lives and if he knows people to get a good referral from, but if he doesn't his best bet(if he lives relatively close to a medium/large city is to find out where people who use their body for a living, i.e. dancers and other folks who don't make pro athlete money go and then go see that person. They are likely to have solutions he may not have heard. 

Good luck.

 The VA doesn't cover anything like this because, in the US, it's still barely experimental in research stages (and very limited support at that). I wish that would change, I have severe MS in the family. But, alas, politics...

But, most VA hospitals are connected/partnered with a medical universities. Those facilities usually include an extensive research side of the VA. I'm sure there are some stem cell research projects being preformed, although I don't know specifics. 

I would recommend contacting Ortho, Neuro, Research Management or poly-trauma doctors to ask about research at their facility. I guarantee the clerk at the desk won't have a clue, so this will evolve you setting up phone appointments with a lot of doctors. Expect a lot of rejections, as it they might not know a lot of what goes on outside their patients. Most times you'll want to find out who is the chief of the service, then set an appointment with them. It's gonna be a lot of leg-work on your part. But getting him in a research project could be your best bet. 

In the short time, get him a new PCM and team. Your doctor should meet your needs, and if he isn't, drop him.  # I'd start with the VA... He's in the system, right? If a treatment is necessary, and the VA can't do it, they will do whatever is necessary to see he get treated. I've seen vets transported all over the US for treatment at non-VA facilities (I would see vets come to Mass Gen for a cancer treatment that was special...) The VA will cover both the vet and a care giver (spouse) and provide everything except food from what I've seen. 


 I am concerned about the procedure still being classified as experimental, but that doesn't mean none of the VA docs are using it. He may have to wait until it is fully available, though, I understand.  60 db? What does that mean? His current doctor on base only refuses to schedule a standard knee replacement surgery (he is still too young) or give him any standard steroid injections at all. He also keeps pushing narcotics. My brother feels no confidence in the doctor's ability or desire to inform him of these options. 

I am reaching out on reddit because I have had my own success in the past with the VA covering significant treatments at outside hospitals for me that they were unable to offer.  You just have to have a doctor or program in mind, first.

Right now, knowing a specific doctor or hospital that has done this for a veteran would be our best first step. As I've mentioned above this may not be a limiting factor. The VA does some interesting things. However since this veteran is not using the VA at this stage, it may not be a viable option.  # Has he separated from service or still in? All my advice is for the VA, and is (probably) worthless for a military facility. 

As for 'where done' I don't know, but I think your best shot is with the VA. Treat the VA well (be super nice, etc.) and they bend over backwards to help the patient.  Is that a measurable statistic for tinnitus or are you equating it to your experience? I'm only asking because I have had some issues but never heard of this measurement being used. He is fully retired. Has the whole hairy mountain man beard going on. He still lives near his last duty station, so he still goes to his same PCP. His ortho doc is a civilian, though, IIRC. He wouldn't have any way of knowing what the entire VA system has available.  # Cool thanks. The tests they did on me had to to do with pressure. Interesting stuff. 