I need, what the fuck do I do now with this broken body class. I need some advice.  I was a hard charging, high speed low drag guy that loved that shit.  I did ten deployments and stepped foot in 69 countries.  After I retired I worked in prison for ten years.  I was just about to sell everything and travel with my wonderful wife of 35 years then I had a little numb spot on the side of my foot.  To make a long story shorter I had to quit working and put in for disability.  I was diagnosed after a year of test with Idiopathic(medical speak for we have no fucking idea)Progressive Poly Neuropathy.  The Neurologist was "Yeah we figured it out.  Sorry nothing we can do for you go see pain management.  Now I use a wheelchair out and about and a walker in the house.  The worse part is not the pain it is the muscle weakness.  I was key word was, a triathlete, skydiver, scuba diver, motorcyle riding adrenaline junkie.  Now I can not rip an envelope of junk mail in half.  I was trying to figure out what the VA has available and it is pretty confusing.  Any help would be appreciated.
 Former Doc here,

Ask your primary care provider to do a heavy metals blood test.  A few guys I was deployed with in Iraq had high levels of arsenic and cadmium in their systems.  After kelation they are mostly better.  I say mostly because some developed full blown agressive cancer before they could be seen. Can they cut "it" or "something" off? Like I'm not a doctor but can it be removed? There has to be something to improve your quality of life. 

Honest questions btw. 

Edit: what's in your foot spread to your whole body? Confused 

Edit: never mind forget what I said  There is not a lot that can be done putside of pain management for a condition like that, VA or civillian. The difference is you can treat the symptoms better in the VA. Someone I know is very happy with medicinal pot though, for what its worth.

I highly recommend you go see the VA, its likely cost free, and just get some different opinions. Just getting some consults isnt going to make it worse. Can you research traveling spots that are wheelchair accessible and still take that trip with your beautiful wife of 35 years? :) it will be challenging and maybe take some extra time but it will be rewarding! And if you go to a cheap country, you can hire a driver and possibly someone to help you around! It's totally do-able.  Somebody told me smoking pot helps with severe pain management > Neuropathy

This is a nerve condition where the nerves are damaged for some reason (there are many reasons) which cause either numbness or pain, or sometimes both. Not quite the thing you might want to cut off...  Yeah I thought it was just something on his foot. I redact my previous statement lol 