My 100% disabled father in law can’t buy his own portable oxygen converter. So my father in law is 100% disabled, back and hip problems, copd, athsma, ptsd, etc etc the list goes on. He is oxygen is set to 3 liters 24/7 and he can only walk from the front door to the car without it, so any kind of travel requires loading up the car with tanks, and then there’s always the danger of running out.

He and his wife have decided to buy, out of their own pockets, an imogen oxygen machine that is about 5lbs that he can take with him anywhere and not have to worry about tanks and having enough of them. This unit is extremely expensive but would vastly improve his quality of life, allowing him to travel to see family and get out of the house more, things a lot of people take for granted.

Remember, they are paying for this machine out of their own pockets. The VA isn’t paying a single cent for it. However, the company (imogen) requires a prescription for the oxygen in order to approve the purchase. Enter the VA. They give him the run around from nurse to nurse, telling him pulmonary needs to take care of it, then no, your primary doctor needs to take care of it. Back and forth and back and forth.

My father in law contacts patient advocate and they get his primary to actually talk to him instead of getting a nurse, and his primary tells him cardiology should not have increased his oxygen to 3 liters so he has to wait 3 months for this appointment, go in and be evaluated all over again and do walking blood tests etc just so he can get a machine he’s paying his own money for.

This doesn’t even touch on his motorized wheelchair that needs to be replaced (core frame is bent due to it falling off the lift on the highway), and they need to check if he still ‘needs’ it, which he can’t go to these appointments and evaluations without it.



Is there anything we can do about this? 😡

EDIT: I feel a lot of this post is being misunderstood. This is *not* a financial issue. There is no monetary request to the VA, the oxygenator is being paid for 100% out of pocket. 

*ALL* the VA needs to do is sign a paper. 

Also, as was stated by another user, the VA is a very closed system and it is to my father in law’s understanding that going to any kind of physician outside of VA care or Veteran’s choice (which also needs to be okayed by the VA, who for whatever reason want to throw all the hurdles they can at an elderly 100% disabled veteran) will not work/be accepted by the company selling the machine. Maybe go to a civilian dr and have an Oxygen Rx written?

Not ideal, but could be quicker.

 After patient advocate falls on their face, contact his congressman.  The VA doesn’t cover the cost of the portable concentrator from Inogen however there is no reason the primary care can’t write an Rx for it. Also they should enter a consult to the VA wheelchair clinic for a new wheelchair. He may even qualify for a motorized wheelchair if he has difficulty ambulating due to shortness of breath. The patient advocate may be able to help, otherwise go up the chain of command. Veteran’s groups may be able to help defray the cost. Possibly he could find one on Craigslist or places that accumulate healthcare equipment like Catholic Social Services. Side though - craigslist.  No, not kidding.  Where I bought my spare CPAP and have seen the concentrators... The VA is very much a closed system. The VA will provide just about anything that's deemed medically necessary but this can take time and you really have to follow their path. In other words, the VA itself has to deem it necessary before it will acknowledge it. I've dealt with this for minor things like knee braces and orthotic devices. It's taken me months to get these things but in the end the VA will spare no expense if you need it. The problem I see here is your FIL bought his own device outside of the VA and wants the VA to provide a prescription to get the oxygen bottles. The VA just isn't going to do that. I have no doubt the VA would provide the machine and all the oxygen he would ever need so long as he followed the process and it was deemed medically necessary. 

 Many states have state/county veterans service offices that will go through the runaround for you. Since they don't work for the VA, I've found them to be helpful in sorting out claims for myself and clients. I'm sorry you're going through this. His patient advocate is his best bet.

Also the VA has 40,000 open positions across. I hope you can take a moment and write your representative. The VA is understaffed, and the runaround is ridiculous. Go around it all. Get an outside doctor to give the prescription. Sometimes you have to get a second opinion !! Were it my Dad, I'd spend $50 and take him to an Urgent Care Facility and have the NP/PA or Dr on duty write the script.  Call ahead. Your father should be secure messaging cardiology, his pcp, and pulmonary all at the same time. He also should have been offered choice if he's waiting three months.

If you want to go thermonuclear, have him email the medical director. That will light a fire that no one wants to burn.   Has he contacted the patient advocate again since the new run around started? If he keeps the patient advocate updated with what's going on they may be able to provide additional assistance as he works through all of this.  There are plenty of charities that help with medical expenses not covered by the VA.. I just found one that's covering $500 for a treatment outside the VA Healthcare system.. Get to googeling Is the disability service connected? Ding ding ding Agreed, my doctor has never denied me a rx to use outside of the VA. OP, I'd setup an appointment with your father's doctor, and go with him. Explain what you're doing, and I bet he/she would be happy to give you the prescription.  Maybe I'm just lucky, but my primary doc has written me many prescriptions to use outside of the VA. Never once told me know, I just had to wait a few weeks to see him  You’re misunderstanding. All the VA needs to provide is a prescription proving he is on and needs the oxygen. The VA may very well ‘provide’ the machine, but it would be an old model that is heavy and inconvenient, hence why he bought his own. All he needs from the VA is for them to sign a piece of paper, basically. That hyperbole empty talking point of 40,000+ openings is an uninformed fact.

Did you even bother to read the release or you just read the title and make your own assumptions?

The overwhelming majority of the open positions is due to turnover/attrition which is at 9%, significantly less than the private sector of 20%+ 

https://www.va.gov/opa/pressrel/pressrelease.cfm?id=5104

Please stop spreading lies that fit your narrative.

Is the VA understaffed? I'm sure it is, but throwing that number around irresponsibly is shameful. 

Go to USAJobs, right now it stands at 4552. This shows that 90% of the 40,000+ positions can indeed be attributed to turnover, as it takes 6 months+ to get an OK to rehire, list it, have HR post it, then interview and hire. Patient advocates are glorified secretaries. They get a complaint from a vet and all they do is forward that veterans voicemail/complaint to the office that they are complaining about. They have no real power to do anything. Yes he did, they were responsible for actually got his primary doctor on the phone instead of getting nurses, which at least helped us be able to actually talk to his doctor. However, that’s about as far as that got, as the doctor is not cooperating either. Absolutely, he was in Vietnam and was exposed to agent orange. He got off relatively light considering the effects it’s reported to have, but it is what it is. I think the problem arises if someone isn't regularly seen in the VA system.  I don't know if this is the case with your FIL, but if someone contacts a VA doctor unexpectedly asking for a prescription, the VA is required to document why they gave the patient the prescription, and that means appointments and tests.  If the doctor is scheduled out a way, then it means that the patient waits and probably feels pissed off.

The good news is that if the VA deems it beneficial, they usually cover it for someone who's 100%. If you had read my comment entirely  - I said his Patient Advocate is the best bet in this scenario.

&#x200B;

 As an aside I mentioned, as per your link, the VA has 40k openings in the VA Health Administration. As that web page mentions, some of those openings are for planned growth. And as [VA Deputy Secretary Sloan Gibson](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/07/23/va-has-41500-unfilled-medical-jobs-forcing-vets-into-costly-private-care/30504525/) testified in 2015 these openings are forcing Veterans into private care because they don't have room available.  The [Military Times](https://www.militarytimes.com/veterans/2018/09/04/one-in-10-va-jobs-is-unfilled-leaving-gaps-in-veterans-services/) reported today, the numbers the VA reported, are higher than the initial numbers and still include leadership gaps awaiting presidential nomination. [Stars and Stripes](https://www.stripes.com/news/va-hospitals-across-the-country-have-more-than-3-000-unwanted-jobs-1.532922) reported in July about the VA's difficulty in filling jobs at VA healthcare centers. One of the reasons was "uncompetitive salaries" - and we know that isn't going to get better as pay increases were just cancelled for federal workers. Yes the VA increase max physician salaries, but there are dozens of other medical positions besides "Physician".

[The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/trump-says-veterans-wait-too-long-for-health-care-vas-33000-vacancies-might-have-something-to-do-with-that/2018/04/10/d20bc890-3ccf-11e8-974f-aacd97698cef_story.html?utm_term=.7a43ee74e574) reported back in April that part of the vacancies that VA has are in HR, hindering their ability to hire high qualified candidates quickly. They also reported that the vacancies are causing Veterans to be pushed out into the private sector which is also backed up.

There is absolutely no reason OP's Dad has to make a dozen phone calls and then wait 3 months for an appointment. On the VA's report under Mission Act (your link) they say "VA now provides same-day services for care needs right away at all primary care and mental health clinics." If the Primary is so concerned about OP's Father's oxygen level being increased by cardiology than why can't this Vet get a same day appointment? Three months out for an appointment, is clearly because they are understaffed.

Of course having 10% of your total staffing requirements is putting strain on the VA healthcare system. It puts strain on the Private Healthcare system. Healthcare in the US is under pressure from a lack of medical professionals overall. But the VA is run by the government, and it's not acceptable to just say "Well, everywhere is having this problem and we are just doing what we can." Everyone who is effected by the VA should be a voice for the VA. In the private healthcare sector that means voting with your dollar and using different providers if possible. In the VA it means writing your representative. The question was to better understand financials, but since you clarified this is not a financial issue the solution is relatively easy. 

Your father in law can have the O2 prescribed by another physician. The VA will not fill the prescription if they did not approve it, but your father in law is private paying so that does not matter. No he has appointments at least 4 times a month for different things, so he is definitely a regular. The Georgia VA is severely underwhelming. I don't disagree that his patient advocate is the best case scenario, and after that his elected officials and chief of hospital.  OK, then what someone else definitely applies: contact your members of Congress.  You might also contact the OIG for the VA.  Don't be afraid to make a stink, someone's dropping the ball.  

Also, thanks for helping to take care of a Veteran. 