Kansas VAs are shit I had posted this in a pretty much dead subreddit, and didn't get much input.

This post comes as I have had ENOUGH of the Bs from the VAs in Ks. Let me know if you agree, or not.

Let me preface this post with some history. Former KSARNG, 1 Kuwait "vacation", 2 Afghan trips. 
To steal your thunder, yes I know that means I never "served".


Wichita VA- From what I've gathered, this is the "no questions asked" VA. Everybody I know whos faking/exaggeratting goes to this Va. Some traveling from KC. Former friends and aquaintances who's only real experience was sitting in an A/C'ed tent in Kuwait for a year, are going to this VA for "PTSD". Several have bragged about "getting away with it", but most have bought thier own lie. The sick part is most of them are sitting at 50%, a couple at 60, and one at 80%. This Va (as explained by aformentioned ppl) does no investigating. They take your word for it, have friends send "buddy letters", then start handing them the money and drugs. Let me know what you think!

Topeka VA- HAHAHAHAHA!!! This VA is a joke, and I have personal experience to back it up. View it like that inner-city free clinic. Its dirty, the staff are extremely disrespectful, and nobody knows what they are doing. Everything is doubted. They have denied care, and compensasion for combat amputees (several aquaintences have verified). I have had to wheel many older vets under the awning during rain, and heat after the staff left them out there. Side note- I have watched a VA staffer run out yank an old vet out of his wheel chair and scream at him for letting that wheel chair get wet.-- Hell I can't count how many times a staff member has let a wheelchair bound vet roll down the ramp, into the parking lot and vehicles......to talk with some one they knew. Everything is a fight at this VA. Everybody I've talked with who's been here says the same thing......FUCK THAT PLACE!!!

Leavenworth VA- This is the VA you goto if you truely want things addressed, that is if you can get in. This VA from what I'm told is a fair view of what the VA is supposed to be......as long as you have the rank. Ive heard multiple times of ppl being told they are full up, and can't take new patients, BUT as soon as a retiring CSM, or LTC walks in there are tons of slots open. This is what Ive heard from multiple sources. Let me know!

Again, let me know what you think/know! Do something about it. 

If you watch a patient be mistreated, go stop it. If someone rolls down a ramp in a wheelchair due to negligence, report it. If someone blatantly boats about fraud, report it to the tip line posted everywhere.

Bitching to us does no good. Fuck I'm just about to go to the Topeka va in December for their SDTP PTSD inpatient program.  In regards to the shit that happens outside, I have reported it a couple of times (its always the same two fuckheads). Nothing is done.

Ive reported the individuals who have blatantly admitted to fraud. As far as I know they're still getting thier goodies.

I'm not necessarily bitching (ok, maybe a little). Just trying to get the word out, and see if anyone else has the same knowledge of/experience of these VAs. 