VA subcontractor fucked up my wheelchair. I'm pissed! what can I do? I am rated 80% disabled through the VA

I have an electric wheelchair issued by the VA.

The corrupt incompetent dumb ass subcontractor that the VA uses to fix my chair screwed my chair up majorly. Big time . So much so that now it doesn't work and nobody wants to work on it because they don't want get involved in the mass that he made

I'm beyond angry. I went to the patient advocate about the wheelchair so they are working on getting it fixed. Patient advocate says they're going to get on it I don't know if that's can happen or not. The person at the VA in charge of fixing the wheelchairs threatening to not fix it and basically take it away from me. I just went on a 20 minute rant with the patient advocate I'm not really sure if he's worth his salt or not. Quite frankly he didn't really seem like he cared that much.

My question is about the subcontractor. What can I do to make sure he doesn't get any more contracts? This asshole screwed me big time and I'm about ready to lose my mind.

 Wheelchair doesn't work I'm stuck in this house looking at these four walls losing my freaking mind

I swear to God I'm going to my Congressman If these asshole's don't fix this pretty soon. I'll bet if these fuckers had to sit in a house staring at the four walls for days and days on end they actually get off their ass and pretend like they care about doing their jobs

Mother Fokker

Sorry for the rant but I'm losing my freaking mind over here. I swear to God if something doesn't happen here pretty soon somebody's going to lose their freaking job over this

oh and by the way VA head of prosthetics (department in charge of fixing the wheelchair) just told me this is all my fault and then hung the phone up on me. Hung up on me!

This asshole has some nerve. I swear to God he's going to regret this UPDATE:

Well apparently the patient advocate actually did something. Some department bigwig just called me up and actually listen to what I had to say and is claiming that she's going to get on it and make sure it actually gets fixed 

She says she is now in charge of this and she's going to get on somebody's ass and make sure it happens. We will see

Anyway, at least something happened. Obviously the patient advocate Rustled somebody's Feathers somewhere So I guess that is cool

Also contacted my Congressional representative but not sure If I will open up the case. It might get resolved without needing to do that





 Sent you a PM. Light their asses up. I'd still open a case, because it shouldn't have gotten to that point in the first place. You seem to have legit complaints on the Head of Prosthetics and the subcontractor. You should make this known. If you're going through it, then other Vets probably are as well. Be sure to put in good words for those who have helped you. We need to acknowledge those who do their jobs and create solutions and get rid of the ones who create problems. > lso contacted my Congressional representative but not sure If I will open up the case. 

Why the fuck would you not? 

Seriously? Because it's getting fixed on your end? What about the next veteran this ass-hat screws over? I hear what you're saying

I spent a good portion of the afternoon having multiple phone conversations with the department director. She got a hold of somebody that's going to come out to my house and start figuring out what's wrong with this and get my wheelchair squared away.

Amazing how for 3 to 4 months nobody would lift a finger and then when I get angry, threaten to call my Congressman and get the patient advocate involved suddenly magically in one afternoon things get done

Sorry for the long angry posts but dammit being stuck in your house all day every day you start to lose it a little bit

 Squeaky wheel gets the grease. 