I can understand why vets kill themselves at the va As the title states, I 100% unequivocally understand why vets kill themselves at various va hospitals. I have been under the "care" of the va since 2007. Some time ago, after being prescribed cholesterol medication, then being called that evening saying don't take what we gave you, we'll send some new meds to you, when I go in for a follow-up and they ask how the meds have been working, I say what meds? You never sent any, they say oh, well get you some more, none arrive. I call, none arrive. Finally I say fuck it, I'll deal with private doctors unless there is an emergency.

Let me side-bar for a moment, I was blown up 4x in Iraq, 2-IED, 1 mortar, 1 rocket attack. I have my L3, L4, and L5 herniated. The va didn't offer chiropractic care, so from 2009 - mid 2012 I paid out of pocket, and guess what, my sciatica was cured, still had back pain, but I could walk ok, could swim, even ran a bit.

Fast forward to June 22nd, I was moving my laser printer, and I tweaked my back, dropped like a sack of potatoes, called my wife and crawled out to the driveway. She took me to the va. The nurse there said she couldn't lift me but she could help, I told her that I just needed a wheelchair, finally I convinced her to go get one. The doctor that saw me was actually pretty good, he gave me a couple of injections and valium, 5mg 15 pills, because of its sedative effect on the nervous system he explained it would help with pain but also allow me to relax the tight muscles which would help me feel better.

I took it mostly as prescribed, the only difference being that I took one as needed rather than multiple times per day. So the 15 pills lasted 30 days.

When trying to get a referral for a chiropractic appointment (as I'm still in pain) I had to see my primary care provider, someone that I've never connected with or cared for, despite a lot of requests to change, she was still my primary. I was asked to bring all my documentation about my back as "they have no record of my ever having a problem" nevermind the two Er visits, nevermind the 30% rating. Then I'm told that I was seen in the Er for an eye laceration and loss of one of my eyeballs, I assure you, I have them both.

So I jump through the hoops, show up today, have the nurse attempt to draw my blood 4 times, wait around for 2 hours to see my primary, get asked if I have ptsd, if I've ever seen anything traumatic by some nurse who barely speaks English and reads out loud to herself, then when I say yes, she wants me to elaborate about watching my two friends burn to death in Iraq.

Then my doctor comes in, couldn't give two fucks about the erroneous information in my chart, didn't give a damn that I brought my records, didn't care that the valium helped me sleep when my pain kept me awake, just said "we don't prescribe that here" but she did offer me a pain class on how to avoid pain ... Great.

Then I'm told it'll be a couple months before I'm eligible for a chiropractor through the va, but I'm limited to 6 visits per year. So why the fuck so I bother? Was the feeling I got. Then when I try to explain what my symptoms and issues are, she gets testy with me and says I'll make the diagnosis so just answer my questions as I ask them. I had enough.

Off to the patient advocate I go, I've had enough, I explain the ongoing issues I've had, she was very sympathetic, she gave me a form to fill out to finally get my primary changed, and another form to have the erroneous information removed from my file. She then sends me to the records office, who like my primary, could give two shits, that ended up eating another hour of my time, then I got scolded for not having a print out of the erroneous information or knowing EXACTLY what it said, or knowing EXACTLY who put it in, how should I know I told them? You guys put it in. Then I'm told to take it and fill it out in full, then and only then will they remove the information. 

So, in short, I changed my primary (I hope) after 8 years of trying and I still get to pay for my own chiropractic visits, and got talked down to for 5 hours today. After I left, I was in so much pain and so frustrated from Walking a total of probably 5 miles around the hospital I ended up sitting in my truck crying. 

I am omitting a couple more details here, but only those details that could personally identify me. Lastly, I'm not suicidal, but was frustrated enough to have the idea pop into my head as a way to send a message. I have had very similar issues. A few comments:

* I flat out will not talk about my PTSD issues with them. I had two REALLY good female VA shrinks when I lived in another state, but the mental health care here is shit. (Long story there.) So I just tell them that yes, I'm still having issues, no I don't want a referral, and that I have a support group of vets and active military online who help me out with all of that shit. So now they have labeled me a trouble patient because I won't go to mental health.

* They wouldn't give you more valium because it is habit forming, but I'm sure you know that. Even if you take it responsibly and don't get hooked, they don't want to do it. After years of over-prescribing, now they are running scared. My VA doctor cut off all of my meds on two different occasions with NO notice. Not a call, email, letter, nothing. I didn't know until I went online to refill my scripts. They have also said I am being troublesome because I won't go to physical therapy. Well, I work full time, I am the sole earner for my family, and the VA physical therapy is over an hour away. I can not take off work early twice a week for physical therapy without jeopardizing my job. So I had physical therapy done in the evening with my civilian doc. I even told them when and where so they could check. But they went ahead and refused to continue my pain meds because I was "being uncooperative."

* My records are also jacked. After being seriously hurt in a car accident, I took everything to my VA doc. (He has since retired, my problems are with the new one who took his cases.) However, there is no record in the VA system of any car accident or any of my injuries, including the MRI results I gave them that show my fucked up spine. So my current doc thinks that I don't need pain medication at all. She actually told me "they give morphine to people who are dying" in a way that implied that I didn't need it and was faking my pain or something. **[Side note: Whoever invents a machine that can actually read your pain levels is going to be a gazillionare.]**

* So, like you, I am paying out of pocket for care. I am now only seeing the VA for my twice yearly Gulf War checkup since I am on the registry. It's been expensive, even with my health insurance through work, but also good - my civilian doctors have done more good for me in the last year or so than the VA did for me in the last ten years.

I have had some good care from the VA. Some. But the vast majority of it has been absolute shit, and that was many years before the surge of OEF/OIF vets slammed the system. (I'm a Desert Storm vet.) The VA has never been managed correctly, and it's a damn shame. Concerning your back issues have you tried a [Tens](http://www.tensunits.com/product/PMT-U5.html).  I think this is an updated version of the one I received from the VA.  It seems to ease the pain a little.  It might be worth asking your PCP.     Sounds about par for the course. Not much you can do about it. I spent 4 hours registering at a new VA medical center today. The registration lady told me to go to the ER since it would be a while before I could get an appointment. Sat in the ER for 3 hours only to be told they couldn't prescribe the meds I needed there. Even though I had a prescription from a non VA provider, I just couldn't afford to fill it. I get treated the same... And I even work for the VA.  So I guess hooray... No preferential treatment! I guess...   So many in the clinics are exactly as you describe.

But you won't get treated that way in my office.... I know what it's like.    I, on the other hand have had a pretty good experience at the VA. After being given a small disability for something that happened a long time ago. I was diagnosed with HEP-C - treated for it - and cured. No virus. Great catch, great care, great outcome.

Hope you guys get better care in the future. Your story actually made me really sad and upset. I want to sail off the grid in 6-8 years but people like you.... Veterans like you.... Remind me that I can't. I was thinking going OTA, but now I am thinking social work, I think I will be able to help more people that way, fuck I don't want to be in school that long though. [deleted] So let's see:

You understand the higher rate of veteran suicide because:

1. "The va didn't offer chiropractic care" - but some insurance carriers don't, either. How did you know if your back problem wouldn't have been the same without chiropractic care?

2. You hurt yourself lifting, and received "pretty good" care - including a prescription. Which you did not take as prescribed. 

3. Sorry for your trauma. I'll share: in basic training, I was injured and needed hospitalization. While in the hospital, I was asked to watch a sailor who had been on the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise when it caught fire, remember? He was burned, and later died. I hope - 'cause I would.

4. After a problem with your primary, you go to someone's office with a charge of "erroneous information" - and without documentation to backup your claim?

Perhaps you don't know as much about veteran's suicide as you think you do.
 Message me, I can help with your records. Yeah they're giving me shit about not going to their spine specialist for my degenerative disc disease and sciatica. I served 13 years and towards the end of my career I had over 20-30 injections in my back (none helped), physical therapy (didn't help) and I use a tens unit which doesn't do shit either. I told my doc I will not have anymore needles stuck in my back and unless they've come up with a miracle cure in physical therapy I won't be going to that either.  I've used the device, it did nothing. I've got pressure on my spinal column, and the device didn't do anything but annoy me. Also, about a thousand dollars. [deleted] Thanks for the offer, but I'm OK now. It took a lot of work, but I've been dealing with the VA since I got out after Desert Storm in 1992. Believe me, I know the ins and outs of the system. I got a "presumptive cause" of Fibromyalgia on my last C&P exam, which bumped me up to 110% (paid at 80%) so I am fine with what I have. 

Please, go help some of the new guys just coming back who have no damn clue at all. And let me know if I can help. Take care brother. The TENS unit does help me a bit, and physical therapy helped me some too. It was just the issue of doing it around work so I didn't lose my job is all. I'm sorry to hear that.  It seems to help relax my muscles when they are in spasm. That's a rare thing. Everybody just assumes I'm a junkie. Despite the fact that I'm 90% service connected between both weight bearing limbs. 