Getting surgery through the VA So, I have a question for my fellow veterans. Basically, the question comes down to this: how do I get the surgery I *need* through the VA, when they are so set on not doing the required surgery to fix my knees?

A little backstory: I was active duty from 2007-2015. Around 2009, I severely injured my knees and my PMC decided to avoid actually solving the issue and instead treated me for runners knee. For 4 years. This led to a whole slew of more medical disorders as the medication ended up giving me multiple ulcers in addition to not solving the daily pain I was in for my knees. Come to find out, I had torn my meniscus, work down the cartilage in my knees, and have severe arthritis as a result. The last time I had surgeries on my knees my surgeon informed me that there was an 80% chance that repairing the meniscus would not solve the issues with my knees and a total knee replacement should be done in the eventuality that it doesn't work out. 

I have trouble walking or doing any daily activities because of the severe pain in my knees and I am now at the point that I am stuck in a wheelchair if I plan to do more than 5 minutes of walking. Two weeks ago a follow up MRI was finally conducted showing that my meniscus had indeed re-torn, and the arthritis / cartilage issues are easily visible.

Today I had an appointment with an orthopedic surgeon who, upon me entering the office, asked me what the trouble with my knees was. After I described all of the above, he essentially told me that I was lying (prior to looking through my file), stating I was too young for these types of issues to be apparent. After finally reviewing the multiple MRI results and surgery notes, he concludes I am telling the truth, but here's the real kicker. Despite a recommendation for the knee replacement, the fact that the previous surgery was unsuccessful, and several other issues we went over, I was told he was going to do the exact same surgeries I have already had and just hope for the best. 

He is adamant that I am too young for a knee replacement, despite the fact that the surgery has no actual age limitation. He also showed me a knee replacement that had been removed from a prior patient and was completely worn down within 5 years...a patient who was 350 lbs and his own body weight resulted in the excessive decay of the prosthetic. I'm nowhere near 350lbs. In fact, I'm closer to 150 than I am to 200, yet this was his biggest reasoning to it performing a knee replacement surgery.

I also understand that it is generally reserved for the old and frail, but I am at the point now that I can no longer walk around and another surgeon has already recommended that I have the knee replacement. As I stated before, there is no actual age limit on this surgery, so I am tired of being given the run around based on my age. They have removed portions of my meniscus already and attempted to repair the tears, and this is what he wants to do again. I asked what happens should my meniscus tear yet again or I continue to have the intense pain and his response was "well, we do it again and if that doesn't work or we can't you're shit out of luck." 

Is there any advice my fellow veterans can give me so that I can essentially force the VAs hand so I can actually resolve my knee issues as much as possible? I don't want to go through several surgeries just to end up having the TKR anyways. It's a lot of unnecessary waste of funds, time, and (on my part) pain just to reach the same conclusion. I already have very little meniscus left to work with and these next two surgeries will essentially remove what's left in my knees. Seriously, I just want to walk with, at the very least, mild discomfort rather than stabbing pains that are constantly present. I feel like this has been dragged out long enough and the issue should have been resolved many, many years ago.  Keep fighting them! It took me almost 5 years for them to do the surgery on my back but, also the fact I could barely walk anymore. Try talking to your primary care about an outside the VA referral if one is possible. The other option is to take it to the patients advocate and tell them you do not think you are getting the care you need. 

Sadly when it comes to the VA in some cases they will just do the least amount possible until the problem is too bad to do anything else. It might not hurt to check in with your local Disabled American Veterans office to see if maybe they can do anything. Also do you have a rating through the VA yet? Do you live in a state that uses Veterans Choice? If not, you could ask them for a fee consult to be seen privately.  Have an emergency (a true emergency that VA said, you're fine go home), then pray that the local ER hears the magic words, "we don't have a bed" so they can deal with it there or send you to an outside the VA Hospital.  VA has to pay for all the non VA care and hospitalization.  Happened twice to me.  First time I had pneumonia, "you're fine, go home", second time my pacemaker battery had been dead for 6 months and they didn't deal with it.  I was medically going down hill fast.  Oh, the second answer from VA  was "you're fine go home". Needed surgery on my back. Service connected. Dropped out of school, had to move in with family, and just generally had poor quality of life. Begged them for surgery for a year. Asshole, cocksucker, piece of shit Doc said he wanted to wait another year for physical therapy which I'd already been doing. Taking massive amounts of painkillers. 

I flew to Costa Rica and paid for surgery with a credit card. The Doc there said the disk was completely broken apart with no hope of healing. I'm up walking around now and totally happy with the decision. Was about $15k total. 

Fuck the VA. Also check out the caregiver program. It got me through some bad times when leaning on family. I hope that Doctor that denied me help never has a single success in his life. If he died in a fire I'd be happy.      I do, though they have not completed my back/hip/neck portions. I am currently rated at 70%, though I am more worried about them actually acknowledging the issues on paper rather than the rating itself so I can get the issues taken care of. 

As for the rest of your post, I will try discussing the issues with my primary care first to see if she can resolve the issue before escalating to the patient advocacy office. I have had fairly limited interaction with her, but she seems competent enough that I have enough confidence she may be able to help.

I was honestly at a loss as to what steps I should take but primary care did occur to me this evening, I just wasn't sure how much help she would be able to provide. I was not in a very good mood earlier as this has been a longstanding issue and the VA just seems like they will give the runaround unless you've been admitted to the ER. The staff at our VA have been, for the most part, absolutely amazing. Most of the issues I have encountered here have been largely associated with our orthopedics department since the surgeons seem to follow a guideline they refuse to deviate from, despite all indications that the current treatment plan does not and will not work.  There are quite a few doctors who seem to be completely self immersed in the VA program and appear to have a "fuck the patient" mentality.

My original surgeries were conducted while I was still in the military and the surgeon then told me that he had to do the cheapest, least invasive surgery before they could do anything else despite the fact that he knew their was almost no hope of it ever working. This is why he stated multiple times in my paperwork that the TKR was his recommendation knowing that the VA would do everything the could to postpone the needed surgery. He's probably been the best doctor I have had by far, and I wish I had had him sooner in my career so I could have had my knees fixed by now. 

As a side note, has anyone else experienced this epidemic that seems to plague the VA where not a single doctor will actually go over your medical history prior to talking with you? I was in the hospital for nearly two weeks a while back and I would get asked the same 10 questions over and over again roughly 5 times a day by different doctors because it a single one would look over my file before confronting me.  Did they fuse you? My husband went through the VA--four years for them to finally perform surgery and fuse his L5-S1. It's been nearly a year and recovery is slow. Had to go through the choice program and no PT has been set up for him yet, despite numerous calls and complaints... 

I rambled but it's frustrating to watch someone you love in so much pain and there is nothing to be done. Ugh.  My experience was similar. Ass loads of pain pills, steroid shots the works, til my PCP threatened to take it up to the board. He also stated that I was "too young" for back surgery. They finally did it, cut out a portion of my disc, shaved some bone, I think they might have drilled a hole somewhere too who knows. But, I can walk now. 

Sorry you had to go through all of that though.  If you need any further help or just need someone to vent to feel free to PM me at anytime.  On your last question, yes.
I got tired of not only answering the same questions, but in detail repeating my medical history every time as well. I went home typed everything thing up, and hand them thier answers on paper. Make them do some reading. Have him escalate it up their chain. Hell go to your local senator even. With the VA in some places you have to keep at them like a rabid dog or you'll slip through. It's a shame it's like that but, keep fighting. 
 They just trimmed a disk. Check out the VA caregiver program if you haven't yet. You could use some of that money to pay for pt out of pocket. I figure I've spent about $25k out of pocket for my service connected back injury. I'd rather be poor and relatively healthy than wait for the VA.     How's your back now? I'm 18 months out of surgery and doing pretty good. A little lifting but still can't really run. Hell of a lot better than a cane though.    I'm 2 years out of mine and it's so much better. Right before surgery my left leg was permanently bent at a 45 degree angle. I could not straighten it. It took about a year for it to go back to normal. I still take it easy with how much I lift since my surgery was not a permanent fix. I hope to never see another cane in my life lol.  