Jury Duty Next Week...Which MARTA Stop for Fulton Court? Hi, I'm confined to a wheelchair and have Jury Duty next week.  I plan to take MARTA at the West Peachtree station in Midtown, but I'm not sure what station to get off at for the courts downtown.

Anyone know?

Thanks!

Jim Five Points is closest. Holy shit, these downvotes.

I'm sorry that you're trying to perform your civic duty via MARTA in a wheelchair, maybe next time you could be missing a cat instead?  We like it better here in /r/atlanta when people are missing cats. I forget which exit is wheelchair-accessible, but I would recommend asking someone from MARTA at your boarding point to see, so you don't waste energy going from one side of the station to the other, especially given how expansive Five Points station is. Take the peachtree Street exit but cross catty-corner onto the Alabama Street pedestrian walkway. Unfortunately the hotel blocks off the entire walkway for their valet, so you'll have to use the sidewalks.  Go one block to Pryor Street and turn right. Go one block and Cross MLK at the bottom of the Hill. State court is straight ahead on Pryor.  Superior Court is to the left on MLK and a right on Central, behind the State court on the same block. Thanks for all the great responses everyone, I appreciate it!

Jim Chuck's instructions take you to this entrance:

https://www.google.com/maps/@33.750226,-84.390214,3a,75y,311.72h,75.48t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sqI-pkLntPd7Ethq7ZNyGGA!2e0?hl=en
 Get off at Garnett and walk across peachtree street go up the huge stairs and you'll be closer and safer.  Getting off at five points will have you walking further and through a crowd of bums. Thanks phoenixgsu! Not exactly the answer you're looking for but have you looked into [MARTA mobility] (http://www.itsmarta.com/mobility-guide.aspx#18)? From what I understand, it's slightly more expensive than the train ($4 each way) and is point to point in Fulton and DeKalb along major bus routes with something like a 0.75 mile radius around bus stops. It might be more useful and convenient for you than the train. Walking and stairs aren't exactly wheelchair friendly. &#3232;_&#3232; My bad.  I was distracted, you can still get there with a wheelchair.  I just don't think you'll be happy going from five PTA station to the courts.  

I'm going to stop posting while distracted...I'm being a dick.  Sorry. Garnett is far more sketchy than five points. There's very little pedestrian traffic and the greyhound station attracts a lot of unsavory types. At Five Points there's usually tons of people, marta employees/PD around, etc. I'd rather five pts any day/time. Do you ride marta a lot? A decent amount. I live a block from five points and don't own a car. 