Shortage of seats at Towson High will be even worse than previously thought, study says  I've had to sit on a table the whole class sometimes due to this. My friend gets nervous sitting on tables so also offer not to sit in a seat for him sometimes too. Since we have to rotate/take turns sometimes. The hallways are hella packed too. holy crap, when I went to towson high in the early 90s it was no more than 500 kids, it wasnt a big school at all. what happened?  When I went it was about 1000 students, apparently in the 70s it was over 2000. Barely seems possible but that's what the teachers said.  You sit on tables? That’s not only unusual but it’s not safe at all. Nor is the school being that far above capacity. Has the Baltimore County SMOB voiced these concerns at the Board of Education yet? If the school’s occupancy is above the fire code capacity you might even get the school shut down until they bring mobile classroom trailers in or divert students to other schools - I would seriously suggest you look into what the fire capacity is and see if the County is forcing you into an illegally overcrowded school. Too much development was allowed without adequate contributions from the developers towards funding for new schools. Baltimore County has strict rules on this, but judges at development hearings have been letting it slide for nearly a decade. I think it's also worth noting that many folk can't afford private school anymore. Schools like Seton Keough and Cardinal Gibbons (among many others) have shut down and others (i.e. public schools) now have to pick up the burden. babies makin babies I graduated in 1976, it was close to 2000.  And that was 3 grades only.  10, 11, & 12
However, there were tons of kids on work-study, study hall, early release, etc.  Not everybody had to have a seat for the entire day. just reddit stalked you, your political views are as unaligned to party dogma as mine, even though I don't agree with a lot of yours especially regarding gun issues. maybe we can grab a natty boh, just don't shoot me, i ain't packing. My father did until one day he decided to blow his head off.  even with the BS "magnet schools" and school vouchers and all that?? I guess everyone wanted to go to ths? It's the only high school I went to in my life but I really thought it was nothing to write home about for any reason, it reminded me of your typical sit com TV shows or 1980s movies about how lame it is to go to high school with all the exclusionary clicques, lack of emphasis on STEM or arts, and popular jock assholes not being held to academic standards, even though it was almost all white people- but we never had to sit on desks in my day. I guess the other schools in baltimore are that bad?? I actually don't carry a gun on me as I don't see the need in my daily life, but I get annoyed that people with legitimate need to carry one are not allowed.  Sorry about your father, depression is dangerous and unfortunatelty looked down upon as a weakness by our society. Most Baltimore County schools are at or near capacity. There was a school they just opened in Owings Mills for example that hit full capacity by the second year it was open. The surrounding schools are full of trailers in the parking lots that have been used as "temporary" classrooms for 6-7 years now. true that, he was also a vietnam vet, and relied on the VA for health care both mentally and physically (both were damaged by his service), i'm sure we all know how the military fails our veterans. But he was allowed to buy as many guns as he wanted as long as they didn't break whatever the rules were. He didn't have anything that fit in the assault rifle ban, he was totally legal- but you can still have a double barreled shotgun of the sort he did himself in with as easy as having a car. Anyhoo. I've met some iraq vets that were also seriously mentally ill, PTSD shit, brains scrambled by IED explosions, the whole 9 yards- people that bought weed from the same guy as me back when you had to have a "guy" to get weed easily, never got to know them that well because I recognized the PTSD a mile away and reee. (though, interesting that I met combat wounded veterans who were advocates for legal weed in the 00's when that was still edgy. This one dude I knew was paraplegic from a landmine explosion and maybe it makes me a bad person but I was just glad I wasn't a close friend so i didn't have to worry about his wheelchair transportation, he played "murderball", it was a full contact version of football for people in wheelchairs I don't think it's really caught on cause I just googled it. also a great grafitti artist) Anyhow just reminiscing. Thanks for not being an extremist loony. It's rare to find that online nowadays.  