I'll be visiting the city from the 12th-16th. What are some easy things to do for someone with a disability? I have a rare connective tissue disorder called Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome (EDS) and I will be headed down to Baltimore for the annual EDS conference, so very briefly Baltimore is going to have the highest concentration of us in the whole world. EDS makes it difficult for me to walk long distances, stand or stay in any position for an extended period of time. I was wondering if anyone had any suggestions for me and the other patients that is easily accessible. I don't use a wheelchair but many people with EDS do.  You are in luck. It looks like your conference is happening at the Hilton across the street from Camden Yards (get a room on a higher floor for a sweet view of the park). This hotel happens to be right on the [Charm City Circulator's](http://www.charmcitycirculator.com/content/route-maps) orange route. This bus service is free and can get you to most places you would want to be in the city. If you hop on the bus and take it east a few blocks you will be at the inner harbor. Plenty of ADA accessible things to do here from restaurants to shopping to history. I would recommend the [historic ships](http://www.historicships.org/index.html) all of which are at least partially [wheelchair accessible](http://www.historicships.org/accessibility.html) although it might not be a bad idea to call ahead if you plan on going with a group. 

If you want to get out further than the harbor you can take a [water taxi](http://www.baltimorewatertaxi.com/) [which is not wheelchair accessible but they will allow wheelchairs as long as they can be folded up](http://www.baltimorewatertaxi.com/Special-Assistance.aspx) to Fort Mchenry or over to Fells Point. 

Fells Point is full of bars and restaurants and has a handful of bars that host live music nightly. Beware though, the streets are [cobblestone](http://beerlovescompany.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/IMG_0204.jpg) which may make getting around on crutches or a wheelchair more difficult. 

That should get you started but if you are looking for any specific types of food, styles of bars, or other specific activities to do feel free to ask. 

 [Visionary Arts Museum!](http://www.avam.org/) Okay, found something accessible, that is at the harbor and is fun!

SeaDog Speedboats.  Again, a deal on Goldstar, and it's during your visit!  Tickets are reduced to a bit above $15 while the direct site starts over $21.  Links to both:

http://www.goldstar.com/baltimore/events/baltimore-md/seadog-speedboat-and-sightseeing-ride

http://www.seadogcruises.com/baltimore/pricing-schedules?_ga=1.254303562.313805566.1438727527

Here's the accessible information:

Is the vessel handicap accessible?
Yes, our vessels are handicap accessible for most people. However, if you have an extra large motorized chair, it may not be able to fit down our ramps. In that case, our marine crew will be happy to help you out and assist you onto our vessels. The Aquarium, Art Museums, and even Oriole Park are great for those visiting with disabilities (In fact Oriole Park was designed to keep the entrance level flat almost the entire way around the park and have disabled seating on that level without any steps as well).   Personally I'd check out an Orioles game, the Walters Art Museum (free), and maybe the Visionary Arts Museum if you have time.  Hope you have a good time in the city! if there are any shows going on you may be interested in, this site is useful: http://itvaccessible.com/city/baltimore/ Fun Baltimore fact: Fells Point does not have cobblestone roads, they are Belgian blocks.

 Thanks a lot, this is really useful response. A lot of us have restricted diets too because of the GI symptoms. I'm vegan and many other people eat low FODMAPs so I've been looking into food options as well. Lunch is provided but we have to work out breakfast and dinner for ourselves. Also personally I love craft beer so I was looking into places near by, Max's taphouse seemed good and reasonably close. Not a baseball fan myself but since our hotel is right beside Oriole Park, EDNF (the organizers of the conference) are actually selling tickets to a game. I only found out a few years back they werent original. It was devestating. I always thought they were a hundred years old but no they are only a few decades old. Vegan food offerings are so-so in the city and most places are small, which will make it challenging if you've got several in your group with wheelchairs. For quick snacks, you're close to a big Whole Foods - there's one in Harbor East.

I don't know the FODMAPs diet especially well, just that it's gluten free plus a lot of other things. I'm gluten-free by necessity and vegan by choice, and these are some places I go.

Liquid Earth - in Fells Point, not wheelchair accessible if I'm remembering their entrance correctly. Lots of vegan / raw stuff, mostly gluten free, great smoothies. 

Home Slyce - Upscale pizza place on Charles street with a vegan, gluten free crust and Daiya cheese available. More space, may be easier to maneuver.

Land of Kush - Vegan soul food with several gluten free options. Wonderful, hearty food. Also small, so call ahead. I can't remember if there is a step in front of their building, and I haven't used the restrooms there so I don't know if there is space. 

If you do go to a game, there is a booth on the ground level called TAKO that has edamame, and some other vegan and gluten free items. I've never gotten anything there, so I can't vouch for quality. There is also gluten free beer available, but it's Redbridge and it's on the third level. Some of the vendors have field roast sausages which I can't eat, but they're there. :)

If you have transportation out of the city, a visit to Great Sage - about 35 minutes away - is a treat. If you're striking out on your own or with just one or two other people who are not in wheelchairs, try Harmony Bakery in Hampden. They are gluten-free vegan except for a couple of items. 

I don't have much to say about bars - not my thing as much - but Max's gets unbearably crowded. 

 Alewife is another close option for a good beer scene. Just be cautious leaving late at night (maybe take a taxi back) I wonder if there is a vegan/vegetarian food truck that would like to make a special trip to you guys. Seems a win-win, they get more business, you get food without the added hassle of traveling. Or maybe the truck could meet you somewhere with outdoor seating. Just an idea. It's a cool environment and there's some great food inside.  That said, you can actually walk in and see inside a bit of the park during the day for free if you don't want to do a game. This deal is after the poster's dates, but Goldstar offers Orioles tickets at a discount.  Here's the latest one:  https://www.goldstar.com/events/baltimore-md/new-york-mets-vs-baltimore-orioles-free-t-shirt-night-tickets Excellent list.  I need to add Sweet 27...gluten free and the food is amazing!

http://www.sweet27.com/#about I personally love gluten (can't get enough seitan). FODMAPs isn't about gluten though, it's not the protein that's the problem it's the fermentable wheat carbs. Still great suggestions thanks. I knew I forgot one! Thanks! 