How does parking enforcement define "the body of a vehicle?" Got a parking ticket in my OWN DRIVEWAY. I found the relevant CVC code:

> (f) On any portion of a sidewalk, or with the body of the vehicle
extending over any portion of a sidewalk, except electric carts when authorized by local ordinance, as specified in Section 21114.5. Lights, mirrors, or devices that are required to be mounted upon a vehicle under this code may extend from the body of the vehicle over the sidewalk to a distance of not more than 10 inches.

My driveway is tiny - when I park my small compact car in it, with the nose nearly touching the wall, all four wheels are clearly on the driveway but about 4" of bumper extends into the sidewalk. So, it seems the validity of this ticket (and thus whether or not I can use my own driveway for parking at all - I can't pull further in unless I want to put a hole in the wall, which might cost more than the parking ticket) rests on whether or not the "body of the car" includes the rear bumper.

Has anyone contested a similar ticket and received a determination one way or another from the authorities? Body of the car is indeed bumper to bumper, side to side. The exceptions listed are for the things attached to the body that might overhang a sidewalk when parallel parking on a street. The citation is, sorry to have to tell you, a valid one.

That said, if the officer's notes and/or photo show you only over by a few inches I would appeal anyways as it only takes a few minutes of your time (IANAL and this is not legal advise). If I had gotten this cite I would quote the above section and point out a bumper is required on passenger vehicles by CVC 28071 and that a reasonable person would think it was therefor exempt if over the sidewalk by less than 10 inches. If I started quoting CVC sections, it may be enough bullshit to convince the Xerox employee reviewing the appeal to dismiss it so they don't have to write an explanation for upholding the citation. A very long shot, but that is what I would do if I were in this situation (again, IANAL).

Good luck if yo pursue this.

Source: Former Lord of the Meter Maids somewhere next to L.A.  Just based on the language of the rule, the car has to be completely out of the sidewalk.  You need a smaller compact car, a smart car perhaps? That ordinance is to keep accessibility of the sidewalks in place. Sidewalks are (typically) publicly owned and need to be kept clear at all times. So yes, that includes the bumper of your car, that was sticking out into the sidewalk, hindering accessibility to it.  If someone handicapped or in a wheelchair was coming down the sidewalk, would the overhang from your car make them have to go in the street to get by? why don't you just strip the front and rear bumpers off your car every time you park so you can squeeze in farther? not like thats inconvenient or anything. that should free up a good couple inches on the front and back. then when you need to leave, install them again so you dont get a fix-it ticket for driving around without any bumpers on. that may sound cumbersome but once you do it the first four dozen times you'll get pretty good at it and soon enough you'll be a bumper expert, youre now basically an autobody specialist. maybe connect a wire or two while youre in there, shit youre now a mechanic, congrats. 

if thats too much work for every day, then go to home depot and rent a reciprocating saw,  cut out a bumper sized imprint on the side of your house and you'll fit in your car bumper like a puzzle. youve always wanted to be a contractor anyway. that should only take a few hours, and slap some nice paint on there,  choose a different color to make it look intentional. it was intentional, actually. youre an architectural wonder designer who really likes 9" high horizontal lines at knee level. go purple, its this seasons color.

get creative. go diagonal. maybe get a ramp and drive onto the roof. maybe get a really steep ramp and get the car at an 70° angle. or the lawn, remember the lawn, the lawn is your friend. the lawn is begging to be parked on. got some plants on there? who cares, you didnt buy an SUV to not go offroading, drive right over that shit and be proud of it. look we've got a water shortage anyway, pave that water hungry planty growy shit over and park on it. and when you're not home, set up a parking meter and charge others $20/day to park in your yard. but dont take the revenue yourself, start a private equity fund and pour the money into that. it's now a startup. youre now an investor. youre a startup lead. youre a private equity fund manager. youre the next mitt romney you capitalist you. you'll pay the preferential carried interest tax rate because youre an investor in your own motherfucking 1-car car park owned by your fund. run for president.

and yes ive had the same ticket before, i attempted to contest it and it was not successful Driveways usually lead to garages with doors that open, not to walls. Maybe you could open the garage door and get the 4 inches you need. > My driveway is tiny.

That's your problem. If my driveway is 6 inches long, let's say, that doesn't mean I can just park my car in the street and still be in my driveway.

Pay your ticket. You should consider parallel parking in your driveway.  An officer told me to once to contest everything. You never know, you might win one. Probably not though since CA needs the money really bad.  Parking enforcement regularly do sweeps through my neighborhood ticketing people for this exact thing - we have a lot of short driveways around here that people try to jam their SUVs into.   Most people around here end up doing the apron parking thing (http://dailybruin.com/images/44453_web.news.10.24.apronparking.picao.jpg). Not saying it was issued in error (it seems it wasn't) but if you want to argue it, ask your neighbors who Park their cars similarly if they got tickets too. Of they didn't get tickets, or did for a different amount, you can argue that it was selective/asymmetrical enforcement (I think I'm off on the legalese here). If you've been doing this for years, you can also argue that you were lulled into noncompliance by the lack of enforcement of the law.  Even for LA this sounds excessive, especially if there's no physical way to get further into the driveway. I'd contest the ticket and provide photos of the driveway, the wall, and your car to the court.  Sounds like you knew blocking part of the sidewalk was illegal, you did it anyway, got a ticket, and now you're complaining about it on the internet.   Yes but it needs to be posted inorder to receive a ticket. Someone is challenging this over the 3 day tow limit bs. So yes it is the law but if someone challenged it correctly it would no longer be a thing. thank you! I knew somebody in this sub would be an actual former lord of meter maids...  *sigh* it's so tiny already... shit *I* can parallel park my car. And I can't parallel park.  Pretty sure this is the right answer. We used to get these tickets on occasion while attending UCLA. We eventually learned that you couldn't have any of your car encroaching on the sidewalk. no. I have wheelchair users in the family and would not park in such a way as to block wheelchair access. it's a hill with awfully under maintained sidewalks but if someone managed to get up it on wheels, my bumper wouldn't block it.  it's wide,  just full of cracks.  best fucking answer here.  The garage doesn't open =/ I'm gonna ask my landlord about getting access since I can't use my assigned parking space now apparently... none of the neighbors use theirs, theirs are padlocked shut with cobwebs. I think the landlord stores stuff in there. the unit has been here since 1920 with the same layout and according to the landlord all previous tenants have parked there..  How do the people parked in the driveway get out? You can argue that someone must have moved the sidewalk, but I don't think a judge will find any of these arguments persuasive. my neighbor parks her car the same way every day and has never been ticketed, and when I moved in (this week) the landlord told me I could park in the driveway legally - it's permit parking and I've only been here for two days so haven't gone in person to receive a permit yet.  that's a lot of assumptions, bro.  moved in two days ago and landlord said the driveway is the parking space for my unit. I got the code paragraph I cited from where it tells you what code you violated on the ticket. fuck off.  It's in the CVC. Is it just me or do people do it anyway? I only ask because I have heard some parking enforcement say the sidewalk can't be blocked if a wheelchair comes by.  However, the sidewalks near me are so broken up and jagged, I saw an elderly couple trying to walk on them.  The husband had those hand crutches and they gave up and had to walk in the street next to all the parked cars.  I felt so bad, poor hand crutch guy barely walking to begin with and nearly getting hit by a car.  Maybe someone can teach you how to parallel park?   thats the wrong attitude, every garage opens with enough force. how much torque does your car have? just floor it, that door will open damnit You should hand that ticket to your landlord, speaking that it's your assigned parking space. According to LA Planning Code, a compact parking spot is 15 feet long. If your driveway isn't at least 15 feet long, then it's not actually a parking spot. And if that parking spot is written into your lease then I'd ask your landlord to reduce your rent. Is there room to park sideways? That's what everyone does on my street. That might be your problem. Take care of that ASAP and see what happens. Your logic is really faulty here.  If your landlord told you to jump off a bridge, what would you do?   I wish! It's really tight. No I mean I can't park in the street instead because I don't have the permit yet. You might be able to park half in the street and half in the driveway, if that doesn't encroach into the sidewalk, it might be ok? 