I'm moving here this summer, and just visited and all I can say is... GHETTO. Can someone either confirm this or change my state of mind? I'm a 23 year old female, a year out of college. I grew up in the suburbs of Indianapolis, Indiana and went to college in a small Indiana town with under 25,000 people. 

I've been offered a one-year contract-to-hire with a prestigious financial institution based in Minneapolis. Looking to leave Indiana, I accepted this offer and scheduled a visit to the Twin Cities to get a feel for the land and to find a suitable apartment. 

My boyfriend (who will be moving with me) and myself flew into Minneapolis to do such this past Wednesday night, February 18th. We had booked a hotel downtown and planned to explore the city on Thursday, apartment search on Friday, and conquer any unfinished business before flying home yesterday morning. 

When we left the airpor, we took the subway line to our hotel (or so we thought!!!) The train was filled with obnoxious urban youth fighting about Percocet pills and a couple girls got into a scuffle. At one point, cops boarded the train and checked people's fares and ended up kicking all the irritating youth off the train - which resulted in more mouthing off and trashy behavior. It was kind of funny at first, until I notice that NO ONE on the train even acknowledged what was happening signifying that it must be normal. 

We got lost on our walk from the Train to our hotel and seriously couldn't escape obnoxious panhandlers. One guy even made us hold his hand and pray with him. He was eyeing my purse the whole time. We ended up wandering into this complacent ratchet gas station near our hotel to buy snacks, and there were needles on the sidewalk outside and there was a massive pile of vomit inside the establishment that no one seemed to care about. The people in there were ghetto and even the staff was being sassy and cursing. We went outside and a man approached me and told me that he lives nearby - and my boyfriend had a few words with him and we RAN back to our hotel out of fear. 

I was awoken the next morning by gunfire and sirens. We showered and went to get coffee at a french place down the block. When we walked in the door, there was a guy waiving a knife around who jolted for the door and was back on the street before we knew it. We found the skyway system eventually, and I located my future office after wandering completely barron hallways filed with no one. It was sterile and creepy. We attempted to take the skyway to our hotel in the afternoon, and were greeted by sleeping homeless people and a man in a wheelchair who tried to fight my boyfriend near an escalator. I was seriously freaked out and demanded we take a cab home because I felt ridiculously vulnerable. We reached a convention center and there was NO ONE outside. Desolate and creepy. No cabs to be found. We ended up walking outside back to our hotel and it was uneventful but i still felt like I was vulnerable. 

We went "out" that night. After an extensive internet search, I decided on dinner at a place called Chino Latino and then we went for drinks at a place far away from there called Zombie Bar. The neighborhood that a Chino Latino was in was actually pretty awesome and we loved the establishment. But when we pulled up to the zombie bar in our cab and saw the overal neglect and scariness of the neighborhood and this TINY, filthy little bar on the corner, I said "no way" to my boyfriend and we went back to our hotel. 

Friday. Toured three apartments - one was two blocks from that awful gas station near downtown, one was close to Chino Latino, and one was in Northeastern Minneapolia behind a target store. Hated all three. The first one was too close to that gas station and I felt weary about the neighborhood. The second one had sketchy people hanging out around it and there were many trees around that could attract prowlers or make it dark for walking. The third one felt too far away and was mixed with section 8 which I'm
not cool with.

We had lunch at a place called Birchwood but immediately hopped on the bus because we had no idea about the neighborhood. Except we didn't end up at our hotel - we ended up by some huge projects and what looked like a third world country. We were the only white people on the bus, which is whatever, but I could tell we were headed in a bad direction so we got off. More needles on the sidewalk and lots of barf on the non-shoveled sidewalks. At this point my boyfriend, who was becoming angry, ordered an uber. The driver COULDNT FIND US and cancelled the trip. So we began walking through the cold and eventually reached another train that brought us downtown so we could walk to our hotel. 

Then for dinner we are sandwiches in our room and deemed never to go outside here again. Yesterday we payed for a shuttle to the airport from the hotel and we definitely did not look back. 

I truly left minneapolis with the impression that it's cold, dirty , uneducated, poor, and unsafe. I know that statistics say otherwise, but why did we miss out on it? Were we in the wrong areas? Is it different in the summer? 

Any information appreciated. I'm just pretty disappointed and worried about feeling comfortable when I move there in April.
 Ughh...not sure if this is real or n ot. I have lived in Minneapolis proper for over 13 years in different locations and maybe could cover the things you saw over the 13 years certainly not in one night. Besides it's snowy so how did you see all these needles everywhere. I am calling BS on this post. 

Also I have never seen more than one needle on the street per season, and I bike/walk a lot of places.  Don't take this the wrong way, but you should stay in your all-white suburb. All I can say is that if the neighborhood by Donnie Dirk's scared you off, you're going to have a rough time adjusting to pretty much any big city.

I have to say that your experiences seem odd to me in that I've not experienced anything like them. Well, your train ride sounds like an average train ride in some cities, but the needles, vomit, and people waving knives around and wanting to fight are something that I've never had to deal with (well, I did see a needle once). >I know that statistics say otherwise, but why did we miss out on it? 

Because you're a privileged judgmental cunt. I won't deny some weird things happened to you that in 23 years of living here I have never experienced, but when you bitch about emergency service sirens, section 8 housing and trees making the place unsafe, it's clear you're seeing this world through a different lens than I, and it makes it hard to take anything you say seriously. At the risk of sounding rude please don't move here.  In fact don't move to any large city anywhere in the world.  

Your comment about being the only white person speaks volumes about you.  You were scared by skin color not behavior.  

This is a nice city, but I don't even feel compelled to defend it to you.  I don't believe your story.  There are no ghettos in Minneapolis.  When you say ghetto you mean brown people.  I don't believe you were woken up by gunshots at your hotel.  I live downtown and don't run into needles on the sidewalk. I guess it's possible, but I really don't believe you.  

I hope you're trolling.  My advice is to stay in Indiana.  If you are scared of Minneapolis you are going to be terrified wherever you go.  

Another thing that was telling about your story was being worried about trees being places for prowler to hide.  You think people are waiting in the bushes to get you?   I understand that you are young and inexperienced, that's a little crazy.  You are not a special snowflake.  People in general aren't interested in you.  Get over yourself.  

Here is the long and short of Minneapolis : youths on public transportation are jerks, there is an immigrant population here they will be your neighbors, people speak many languages, it's very cold in the winter here, we have lots of trees.  This will not change.  It sounds like these are things you can't deal with.  

Edit:
You seriously were unsure about the neighborhood near the Birchwood Cafe?  It sucks that you think where I'm from is whack, but as long as that's enough to keep your ass from coming back... I moved to Minneapolis from San Diego 2 years ago and I love it. It is a clean, educated, and progressive city. Like any decent sized city, it has its issues but no more so than any other city its size. With regard to the gas station, was it by any chance the Super America on LaSalle?  I've seen some shady characters here but there is almost always a police presence and I've never felt unsafe.   For apartments, my rent is within your budget and my apartment is cat friendly in Loring Park downtown.  But if it's a faster paced lifestyle you are after maybe check out the North Loop or Uptown. These areas are a bit trendier but also cost more. I'm 26 and there aplenty of people my age in my neighborhood though. Good luck, and comeback and give it another shot! A few things here. 

You're overly anxious about the perceived danger in these neighborhoods. The gas station on LaSalle has it's shady moments, but being "scared" to go there and "running back to your hotel out of fear" is a tad ridiculous. The night staff there IS a tad unprofessional and mouthy, but they always make me laugh so I look at it as a positive. I live in that same neighborhood, as do many who have responded, and it's urban; but nothing short of harmless. 

I can vouch for the OP regarding the skyways. Between the Millennium and the Convention Center, the skyway is bare and often empty - and seeing people sleeping and/or massive piles of clothes isn't unusual. (I walk this route to work daily) Also - there is a mentally disabled man in a wheelchair who sits on top of the north escalators in the convention center at the skyway entrance several times weekly during the afternoon rush hour. He yells at everyone and I can see why it might be perceived as dangerous to someone that's not used to it. 

However... I've never seen a needle on the ground. Vomit is rare, especially in winter. Cedar Riverside is not third world. I've never seen or heard of someone flashing a knife. Gunshots downtown are rare. I've heard them twice in the 6 months I've lived downtown. Sirens? Get used to 'em. Uptown has a lot of trees. Downtown is the only place in there metro that doesn't have lots of trees. The area by Birchwood is contemporary and hip, not "ghetto." Area around Donnie Dirks looks desolate but it's safe. You missed out on some great cocktails. 

Enough rambling. I'd recommend looking in St. Louis Park. You're close to uptown, safe, and still relatively urban.  Sounds like your short stay in our metro was terrible. There are other areas in the metro that can accommodate those who are familiar with suburbia life. Wayzata or Eden Prairie comes to mind. I have white friends who will not go near Cedar Riverside because it's "slummy". To me it's another unique neighborhood with a diverse population.   I'm from Indiana too, and am smh at your blissful ignorance. Minneapolis is not ghetto.  Its actually, incredibly educated relative to other major cities...particularly Indiana which I found very ignorant (lived for 22 years in Indianapolis north side), went to IU. It's a major city and its wintertime so its not going to be as impressionable as it could be say during August. Anyway, Indianapolis has gotten better since it was only a workplace destination as a kid, but it is 1/10th the city of Minneapolis imo. 

You could have used a lot less rhetoric and still proven you either don't travel much, are ignorant in general, or simply need to stay in Indy. Heck even riding into Paris can find you looking at nothing but graffiti for a little ways. Indy is WAY more ghetto than Minneapolis.   I'm not sure what your price range is, but you were looking in the wrong neighborhoods. If you get a chance to come back to look for more apartments, make sure you visit the Linden Hills neighborhood. It is the furthest thing from ghetto.  Originally from Indianapolis here and moved to MN over 20 years ago. I've lived in good and bad parts of both Minneapolis and St. Paul as well as the west Burbs around Lake Minnetonka. Sounds like you visited a few good places that were all in crappier parts of the city - have been to all you mentioned. A big difference between Indianapolis and Minneapolis is that the "ghetto" areas are much more pocketed. Indy is pretty segregated between good and bad parts (think sides of the city) whereas Mpls has neighborhoods within the same area that are vastly different. Give it a little time to learn the layout and you'll find Mpls is much nicer overall when compared to Indy (at least excluding the area around Lucas Field and the convention center). Not much you can do about the cold though - fact of life further north and around all the lakes. I've lived in Minneapolis for 4 years, and at no point have I ever felt unsafe. I grew up in a town of 700 people in Southern Minnesota, so I am, by no means, a traditional big-city guy.

Advice: If you're looking for a place to live in NE Minneapolis, look at Craiglist or Padmapper (which uses, among other websites, Craigslist's information) . A lot of places in NE are owned by small-time people with one or two rental properties, so that's the best place for them to list them. I've found both of my places in NE on there, and always recommend it.  Wow, the company that recruited you should have set you up with someone to guide you around. You basically found all the crappy places in one tour.

1. The train at night or at off times in any city is going to be sketchy. During rush hour on the weekends it's packed with regular folks going to work or baseball games.
2. Downtown isn't a great place to stay if you want the local flavor, it's not fun to walk around at night. 
3. Chino Latino is in uptown which is super booming with young professionals and restaurants and condos
4. Minneapolis has tons of great neighborhoods and I don't think you looked at any of them. Most people should look in uptown, northeast (grungy but getting very developed), south minneapolis in general. Areas around the lakes. Even the surroundings burbs are really just extensions of minnepolis and are very nice.
5. How did you find the apartment listings? There are tons in south minneapolis and you only saw 3, and the other 2 were in sketchy areas. That's a damn shame.

TLDR: You basically went to LA and only saw Compton. Minneapolis is cold as fuck, but it's a whole lot better than what you saw. I know when Target recruits they actually help guide people to the right places to look, your company did you a huge disservice. It sounds like you had a bad trip because of some bad luck, but there are some things in your post that make it sound like you will have some adjusting to do if you plan on living here.

>The train was filled with obnoxious urban youth fighting about

Youth are obnoxious everywhere, urban or otherwise. That's not a typical experience on the light rail for me.

>seriously couldn't escape obnoxious panhandlers. One guy even made us hold his hand and pray with him.

You tell panhandlers "Sorry" and keep moving. You tell guys trying to hold your hand and pray "Sorry" and keep moving. Grabbing and stopping people isn't a norm here.

>The people in there were ghetto and even the staff was being sassy and cursing.

All you're doing here is judging people you don't know. You're the visitor. They can be as ghetto as they want, whatever the hell that means.

>I was awoken the next morning by gunfire and sirens.

Cities have sirens. I've never heard gunshots in the city 8 years. Even more surprising that they were downtown.

>We found the skyway system eventually, and I located my future office after wandering completely barron hallways filed with no one. It was sterile and creepy.

I don't know what part of the skyway you were in, or at what time, but usually on a Thursday most parts of the skyway would not be described as empty. I think most people use it to get from A to B in the winter, and a good portion of the core system is full of retail stores, so I can't think of where you would be describing it as sterile either.

>We attempted to take the skyway to our hotel in the afternoon, and were greeted by sleeping homeless people and a man in a wheelchair who tried to fight my boyfriend near an escalator.

I don't know if I've ever seen someone sleeping in the skyway either. They're private property and most buildings have security that would kick people out for that.

>The neighborhood that a Chino Latino was in was actually pretty awesome and we loved the establishment.

That was Uptown. It sounds like you should probably focus your efforts around that area for housing. I'm guessing it'd be a good fit.

>But when we pulled up to the zombie bar in our cab and saw the overal neglect and scariness of the neighborhood and this TINY, filthy little bar on the corner, I said "no way" to my boyfriend and we went back to our hotel.

That's a bar. If you get scared away by the outside of a bar you had already researched online, you're not going to have a great time trying to go out in any city.

>The second one had sketchy people hanging out around it

Again, you're just judging people you don't know at all. They're probably very nice.

>and there were many trees around that could attract prowlers or make it dark for walking.

Prowlers? Like, in trees? What? No.

>The third one felt too far away

NE is a great part of town and if I'm thinking of the right Target, isn't that far away from anything.

> and was mixed with section 8 which I'm not cool with.

Judgy.

>Except we didn't end up at our hotel - we ended up by some huge projects and what looked like a third world country.

Cedar-Riverside doesn't look like a third world country. No part of this city does. What does this even mean?

>We were the only white people on the bus, which is whatever,

...

> but I could tell we were headed in a bad direction so we got off.

If you're visiting us for the first time, how do you have any clue you're "headed in a bad direction"?

>More needles on the sidewalk and lots of barf on the non-shoveled sidewalks.

You saw more needles and puke in 3 days than I have in 8 years.

I'll take you at your word that all this happened to you, but it almost sounds like satire written by someone who's lived here a long time and knows the city really well. Your description of your experience visiting Minneapolis doesn't match my experience of living here at all. I've lived in the Twin Cities for a year albeit in the suburbs (work and hang out downtown).  Your estimation of it being dirty, uneducated, poor, and unsafe is completely wrong.  As with any city, there are going to be good areas and bad areas.  That's just how it is.  Your attitude is going to be the best determination as to your success and love for this city.  If you decide now that it is ugly, it will always be ugly.  My view of my new adopted city 1 year in is that the people are educated, crime is lower than I've ever known it and the people, while thoroughly passive aggressive and hard to crack, are just mostly interested in keeping the peace and doing their own thing.  If you can't decide that you are going to be happy here, cancel your contract and start looking at a more you-friendly town.  Minneapolis is awesome if you give it a chance.

Invest in another weekend trip.  PM me before you get here and I'll let you know what awesome thing is happening that you should check out.  There is something happening all the time.  And plan better.  Neighborhoods...Are you looking for trendy?  Affordable?  Walkable? Family friendly?  Do you want to buy or rent?  What do you like to do?  These will determine where you should check out.  Wandering around a city the size of this one without a plan will usually end in you ending up somewhere you shouldn't or don't want to be.

Edit:  Being the only "white people on the bus" is a problem for you?   I posted this because I thought it deviated from what minneapolis sounded like to me. We most absolutely saw needles twice. 

I will look into any neighborhood suggestions. Our price range is $900-$1200 for a one-bedroom, and it must be cat-friendly and preferably have lots of parking. I worked downtown over nights in an active area. Not surprised by any of that. I just stick to the burbs now.  That's not an issue at all; as I stated in my post. But when the demographics change rapidly on a bus, it's evident that the type of neighborhood you're in is changing too. We found that area uncomfortable.  I'm also thinking this is BS. I don't think you can hop on a bus at Birchwood and end up in Cedar-Riverside. That would require a lot of walking or a transfer. It'd be harder to get lost and end up in CR than it would be to get downtown. They involve the same bus, but getting to CR would mean getting off it and getting on another bus. She makes it sound like they hopped on the first bus that came by because "no idea about the neighborhood" (which is very nice) and ended up in Cedar-Riverside and not downtown. Yea how are people seriously responding with advice for this person..this post is basically "I'm white and am scared of everything different from my exact life experience" deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2425  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/53859) There's honestly no reason for that level of disrespect. I'm not a city girl and this was a culture shock for me. I also nowhere insinuated that I'm not okay with police sirens. I'm just trying to factor EVERYTHING in before I move there. We poorly prepared for our visit and felt the consequences of that. "I see... hippies. RUN AWAY." I believe that was definitely the gas station we went to. There was no police presence there and seriously the people working there were more "hood" than the questionable patrons. The area outside of there at night was just yucky to me. I cannot say i'd be interested in living anywhere even remotely close to there even if it's popular with people my age.

I want quiet and slow pace. I will begin researching the suburbs and commutes into the city. There are too many trees in the suburbs.  She won't be comfortable with that.   Ignorance? Um no. I'm a realist. 

I went to IU too sweetie. You know all the trees? Rapes and assaults happened there because of them! I refused to walk anywhere near the arboretum at night. It was shadier there then in Indy. 

Also, MY indianapolis was for for educated, clean, working citizens. I never left Carmel, and Carmel is my Indianapolis. I've never even BEEN to the ghetto parts of Indy so to me it's not ghetto. Where as in Minneapolis I was on Skid Row the second I stepped off the subway - so ur wrong. You might not know that you're wrong, but you're wrong. 

I'm trying to try something new. Not Carmel Indiana but not city city. In the middle. I want to feel safe too.  I think 99% of Minneapolis covers this. I have been through North Minneapolis many times and never seen what this person is describing(less the issues with annoying people on the bus)  Where were you staying if you don't mind me asking?  You can find pretty much anything you want in that price range. Take a look at Craigslist and Padmapper. You might be able to find an older brownstone in that price range in Uptown/wedge/lynlake, the area surrounding the chino latino restaurant you went to... its a very popular neighborhood for young professionals, very quick and easy transit to downtown, you would have to 'deal' with the trees and landscaping though... as a resident I very much prefer living in a 'park like' setting vs removing all of the vegetation so folks from rural Indiana feel 'safer' from perceived, likely non-existent threats. So you only found it uncomfortable because you're afraid of black people?  You get disrespect by earning it, babe.

That you freaked out near the Birchwood suggests you are a very, very delicate snowflake. >We poorly prepared for our visit and felt the consequences of that.

This is key and its really good that you acknowledge this!! Can I ask if you've ever spent time independently in a larger city? like Chicago/NYC/Seattle? This area isn't ghetto. Sure there is a public housing project across the street but you also have the nicest/most expensive building downtown right next door. Suburbs seem like your best bet, honestly. I'm not sure if you've had much experience in urban environments, but you sound hugely uncomfortable with it, your complaints are of things typical to any downtown environment, especially at night or on weekends. You might look into south Minneapolis, or other closer in neighborhoods as well, you can still find something quieter, but not completely disconnect yourself from the city.
 Ha what?? IU alumn here too and that place was serene as hell compared to Indy. If you think Bloomington, Indiana is "shady," you should just forget moving to Minneapolis and stay in Hamilton County forever. Ok. Good one. You probably should stay in Carmel (where I grew up). Having lived in both (here for 10 years), I really think you are clueless. You come across as either a troll, or the snobby douche type that I left Carmel hoping to escape. 

Any city of any significant population is going to have rapes. Considering you haven't even been to the bad parts of Indy you sound about as cultured as the mini van driving red wine drunken housewives of Carmel. 

If you ask anyone that has lived in Mnpls and Indy, I would bet my house that at least 8/10 would prefer Minneapolis. Music, Arts, Restaurants all are 10 times better here. We have nicer lakes, a healthier population, and are considerably more educated. And sidenote, that Mayor of Carmel should be imprisoned for what he has done to the downtown area. It looks about as fake nice/historic as anything I could imagine. Chain stores and strip malls everywhere. Good riddance, I don't miss it at all. Ugly as fuck. Your personality sounds the same.  >Where as in Minneapolis I was on Skid Row the second I stepped off the subway - so ur wrong.

No, you are wrong. You were not on skid row the second you stepped off the light rail. There is no skid row or anything like one anywhere near the light rail stops you would have used in downtown. If you think you saw skid row, your perceptions of the city are quite flawed. For someone that is clearly sheltered....I find it unfortunate you can't even provide a realistic interpretation of your home city and are clearly providing another one here. You sound like a sheltered ignorant brat. You really should stay in Carmel where you will fit in, and not have to look at people of color and pretend its the entire universe. If you grew up in a city and never explored outside of it...I feel truly sad for you. You live life in a bubble. Why move anywhere. I would recommend you never visit any major city in the world if you consider Carmel...Indianapolis. Its population is like 40k...and you should just stay south of 96th street. You are the exact reason I am embarrassed I grew up in Carmel.  We stayed at the Millenium Hotel.  No, I'm not afraid of black people. I don't care what color someone's skin is. But when we were on the bus and the people getting on and off abruptly switched from young college aged people with their noses buried in their phones to rowdy foreigners who weren't speaking English, I think I had every right to assume that we were not headed toward the hotel and that the neighborhood was shifting. It's all judgement of circumstance and not judgement of specific groups. 

Also, "stay in my white suburb?" Really? I said I wanted to leave Indiana. Some people have been very helpful here and told me that we did not visit the right areas. No wonder our experience was skewed. I'm moving to Minneapolis whether I (or you) like it or not.  I still can't tell if this is real. OP sounds like the poster child for why I moved out of Carmel. It's about as diverse as a KKK meeting and everyone there thinks they are the chosen ones. It's basically Edina with less intelligence and more ego. I was embarrassed to tell my friends (I went to a private HS in Indy) that I was from there....based on the reaction I always got.  Why didn't you walk up Nicollet mall to Brits Pub or The Local which is about 1 block north. I have been through that area many times and can be dead on a weekend day, and the area south of there is a bit rougher but far from an area I would consider unsafe. Target head questers is like 1.5 blocks from there in which many 20 something's(and older but I am assuming you are in your 20's) work and hang out for Happy hours. 

Just by your reaction to Minneapolis I would say it's not for you.  >rowdy foreigners who weren't speaking English

Not foreigners. Immigrants. Citizens. People.

People live in cities and speak lots of languages. Get used to it. >I think I had every right to assume that we were not headed toward the hotel

How did you end up on the wrong bus? How did you know you were on the wrong bus and you weren't just passing through a neighborhood full of black people on your way back to downtown? See, we apparently don't let non-white people near hotels.

(Even if they may work there.) 