Where to stay in Nashville when Uber/Lyft is NOT an option? Hello! My husband, 4-year-old daughter, and I will be visiting Nashville July 1-6. We need some help!

My daughter uses a wheelchair and can't sit up in the car without a car seat, which pretty much renders Uber/Lyft useless except for going to the airport. We're arriving by car, but don't like driving on vacation and are planning to turn it into the car rental place upon arrival (heaving a wheelchair AND kid in and out of a car is super annoying). 

So, what neighborhood would you recommend if we CAN'T use Uber/Lyft to get between locations?  We're relatively hardened travelers and are open to doing a lot of walking and taking buses. 

We're from the Pacific Northwest and things we like to do include: eating at non-chain restaurants, people-watching, beers, parks, live music. East Nashville sounded great, but then I read "you can't walk to any other neighborhoods from there," which I wasn't sure was accurate. We don't need to be near kid-specific stuff, our kid is quite used to tagging along with our activities. :)

Thanks in advance! East Nashville certainly came to mind when you mentioned your activities. But maybe check Germantown. Great food, easy walk to parks, farmers market (great beer place for people watching + they have board games). And you can walk downtown for a different scene and tons of music. Oh, also a baseball game in a beautiful ballpark if ur into that.  As far as getting around, most of the city buses have lifts for wheelchairs. Unfortunately, the routes and schedules aren't the best, but it does give you another option for getting around.
Downtown/East Nashville is pretty good for non-chain food and people watching, about 2 miles apart (uphill both ways). East Nashville isn't so much a neighborhood as a section of the city.  It is composed of something like 19 neighborhoods.  From the river to the edge of North Inglewood is 5 or 6 miles, so you can't really walk across East Nashville, much less to other neighborhoods (and the way the highways and river run, and how that has affected commercial development, there aren't really neighborhoods that are adjacent to East Nashville, aside from across the river to Germantown/Downtown, that would be a draw to visitors anyway).

That being said, when people talk about east nashville, they often mean the 5 Points area, and a few other commercial clusters, mostly in the southern part of East Nashville, closer to the river.  You can definitely stay soemwhere in East that will put you in walking distance of Pharmacy/mas tacos, 5 Points, the Fatherland shops, and the Eastwood/Lockeland Springs cluster (Rosepepper/Jeni's, Porter Crossing, etc.), all within a mile radius, give or take.  

Germantown is only a few blocks across, so the scale is completely different, but it may be more suited to what you want to do.  You can fairly easily take a bus into east nashville if you want to explore one day, but the trip works in the reverse for a trip into germantown as well. Germantown I think is the best recommendation.  Thanks so much, very helpful! Yeah, Germantown is a great recommendation. Definitely Germantown. Germantown itself is great plus it's walkable to downtown and the bus station if you wanted to check out some other parts of the city. 