The Quest for the Rainbow Bagel - How terrible accessibility is in NYC.  This was actually pretty funny. This guy is a fucking champ. 

Also do you really need to take a boat instead because none of the stations are accessible?  Who the fuck doesn't bail out of the elevator when someone in a wheelchair needs to use it? I love Zach's sense of humor ! hipster mating calls at 4:28 This title does a disservice to the video. It's a great video by a great personality.  I took an elevator one time and thought I would pass out from holding my breath; the urine smell was so overwhelming. I'm surprised nothing seemed to come up for him. 

Only the southbound side of that station has an elevator so coming back he'd have to get off somewhere else if he wanted to get out. I would have expected at least midtown to be more accessible with all the focus on tourism but it's really bad. He's the best My mom has accessibility problems and NYC is terrible for her. The elevators are always wet with piss, no one gets up for someone with a cane, and there are so many stairs. 

This guy is a champion! I think the bus would probably be better.. I had some pretty back leg pain a while back, and quickly realize how much harder getting around is. It has to suck for people with real disabilities. 

 I complain and bitch about dumbest shit, and then there's a role model/hero like this. Incidentally,  March 31st is the last day of Cerebral Palsy Awareness Month https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1018962908236173 Anyone else feel like the doorman shouldn't have sent him to BK for a rainbow bagel? There are a whole (no pun intended) lot of places right in Manhattan where you can get one. 

Video was hilarious though. This guy has a great sense of humor.  This dude is beyond awesome. In what parallel universe does the E train:

1. Go to Metropolitan Avenue.

2. Go to Brooklyn?
 [deleted] [Access-A-Ride](http://web.mta.info/nyct/paratran/guide.htm#what_is) [deleted] Zach Anner is fantastic.  He came out with a book last year, I think, called "If At Birth You Don't Succeed"

Also he was a frontpage huge thing on Reddit in 2011 when he won Oprah's reality show.  That seems like decades ago now Dude is goddamn hilarious lmao "Oh shit I just took a bite of Judd's bagel"

"Anything else? Nope... just a ramp!" The closest handicap accessible trains for him would've been the myrtle-Wyckoff L/M and the flushing J stops.. which are pretty long walks a little longer than from the ferry I guess  To be fair, he DID make a lot of rookie transit moves that made his commute a lot harder. 

That said, our accessibility is pretty garbage.  Most people who live in nyc I'd say.  I love his attitude. It took him an hour to get to street level from his room, yet he's still smiling. Oh and, "I just scared a baby." LoL Elevator? You mean the poop chute? Why would anyone ride in that?  It wouldn't have been a very interesting video if he just rolled 3 blocks down the street and got a bagel. E would have taken him to the L, which would then leave him at the bagel store.

They probably just told the guy what to say and he messed up maybe. Bacon, egg and cheese on a... roll. > n't say the people are rude so much as they just never learned the same type of courtesy as you would would in other places.

Good luck waiting hours and hours for them to pick you up Access a Ride sucks:

https://mobile.nytimes.com/2010/02/07/nyregion/07critic.html

It's really only a feasible choice for the least mobile among us. Even more frustratingly, it's not just inefficient for users, it also costs the city $$$$$. You're acting like it's impossible to build elevators. It's just expensive, and people (like you) tend to treat handicapped people like shit so these projects never get done. Instead, we build baseball stadiums and high-rise condos (both subsidized by the local government). You know people are born here right? People's families, jobs and such are here? There are also people who just need a wheelchair temporarily, or just got into an accident.

It's silly to imply you should just move. At the end of the video he says that NYC is one of the most accessable cities. Living anywhere else would probably be worse.  The alternative here is to have ONE elevator at the major subway stops. Life changer, right there.  And WHEN a sidewalk is torn up for repairs, which seems like every frigging day, the NEW sidewalk should slope up to the store fronts. That alone would improve things slowly but surely. NY sidewalks are the most uneven, unlevel surfaces I've ever seen in a city.  Holy shit, really? So like the entirety of Williamsburg, East Williamsburg, and most of Bushwick aren't accessible.

Although I would argue that a bus might be a better way to get there than just walking (rolling) from the ferry. Ah, but wouldn't a hotel near Times Square be full of people from out of town?  

The idea that native New Yorkers are all rude fucks with no sense of courtesy or empathy is false, I usually find. Lord knows there are exceptions but most folks will deal with short-term minor inconvenience if it means doing the right thing.  This sucks to see, cause in my daily commute I see a ton of very helpful people every day..

About the Brooklyn part, he has someone filming him, and is shouting at people asking for stuff.. I'd like to think that under normal circumstances anyone would stop and help him out. 

* Not trying to take away from the main point of the video, I've noticed this myself, how terrible we are at this. If I'm ever unable to take stairs I think I would rather move out of the city then deal with this BS.  Because they physically can't use the stairs... isn't that obvious? [deleted] A bus would have taken much longer. There isn't a straight route there from the ferry and it's not really that long of a walk- maybe 15 minutes.  It's not. I'd rather crawl up the stairs than go in the up and down toilet stall.  Saying "go live somewhere else" is why I'm saying you're treating handicapped people like shit. Seems pretty clear to me.

Cost? I don't know, but I *do* know that the MTA is *severely* underfunded and is seriously behind other modern transit systems. As I said above, our government could be funding this instead of subsidizing condos and stadiums, and coming up with creative new ways to give rich people tax cuts.

And wheelchair bound people aren't the only type of disabled person, dude. [1 in 5 people have some sort of physical disability.](https://www.census.gov/newsroom/releases/archives/miscellaneous/cb12-134.html) And the *majority* of those people have difficulty climbing stairs. You're treating people like shit, and your argument is shit. [This says 71 minutes.](http://i.imgur.com/kWQXa5C.png) Seems like a much better alternative to me, no need to find elevators, only one transfer, and it drops off right in front of the place. [deleted] >I notice you didn't give an estimate of cost, which is really the whole point of this conversation.

And neither did you....instead, you suggest that retrofitting subways might actually be *impossible*. Your argument continues to be shit, I don't feel the need to repeat myself....again. 