De Blasio Proposes 30¢ Per Ride Taxi Surcharge to Fund Accessible Cabs  Why don't they just sell new medallions that require wheelchair accessibility? Let the wheelchairs pay the wheelchair tax. I pay the Homer tax. "Hey, wheelchair users have very little access to NYC cabs."  
"That's awful! They should add more accessible cabs."  
"They're trying to, but there's a catch."  
"Uh-oh. What is it?"  
"Now every time you ride a taxi, they're going to charge you 30 cents extra."  
"That's it?"  

Basically the entire debate for this in my head. Or am I supposed to be outraged? Seems awfully benign. How can anybody say no to distributed costs and concentrated benefits?  Didn't Taxi rates JUST go up like 20% to pay for health insurance? > Last year, the Bloomberg administration said it had settled a major class-action lawsuit which argued that the city was violating the Americans With Disabilities Act because only about 230 of the city’s more than 13,000 yellow taxis were accessible to wheelchair users.

> On Feb. 27, the judge set a timetable for the publication of new rules and the public hearing that is required to accompany them. A lawyer for the plaintiffs agreed to the new schedule after the administration offered assurances that it was committed to making 50 percent of the fleet accessible by 2020.

They *have* to do something like this, because if they don't, they get sued, and *all* the taxpayers in NYC have to pony up for it.

Either people who take cabs subsidize the cost of the ADA-ified cabs, or everyone does by having tax dollars drained through lawsuits. If there's a better solution, I'd bet the administration would love to hear it.  I get a feeling we're going to regret having elected this guy into office. Didn't the city tax for cab fares just go up in Nov by 50 cents? WTF.

Edit, according to the article we will be hurting the drivers, and the passengers. Thanks! Is the reason for the $3.50 base fare to discourage more people from taking taxis? I thought that the fare paid for the service, mileage, etc

Can't wait for the autonomous taxis that are actually affordable on a regular basis. [deleted] [deleted] Fine by me! Cab rides taken in the last 2 years: 0. Not that $0.30 per ride is a big deal anyways, even if I took cabs I'd be fine with it.. shit's a luxury. You want to be cheap, take the bus! So you're going to make Uber even more competitive on price. Fine by me, the day can't come soon enough when Uber (or a similar network) puts the taxis out of business.  That would increase the number available to a certain extent, but possibly not as much as the ADA settlement required. Plus at that point they might have *too* many yellow cabs on the road, which is its own problem (if I had to guess) Don't they already do that? The banks surely didnt. 

edit: I love being down voted. The banks successfully privatized gains and socialized losses AKA distributed costs and concentrated benefits.  Concentrated benefits can be a good thing (that's the whole model of insurance). In this case I'm not a huge fan because 30 cents seems like wayyy too much, especially for people taking short cab rides. Good thing I don't take cabs very often.   > Either people who take cabs subsidize the cost of the ADA-ified cabs, or everyone does by having tax dollars drained through lawsuits. If there's a better solution, I'd bet the administration would love to hear it.

How did every other business who had to comply with ADA requirements deal with it? Surely it was not through government taxing people and handing out the revenue to private companies.

At worst you could give tax breaks for cabbies to upgrade their cabs... But that idea seems to be beyond deBlasio's comprehension. Only a new tax could be the solution! 50% of the fleet? That seems a bit excessive. Aren't there apps already and a number you can call to request an accessible cab? [deleted] Why does De Blasio hate New York? I voted for the guy, and I regret my decision. Not because of this, but various other things that have happened in the past 3 months. (Though I didn't enjoy Lhota either.)  > I get a feeling **we're** going to regret having elected this guy into office.

speak for yourself, i didnt vote for him. really?  30 cents is gonna break the bank for you? You should probably move.   > To anyone complaining about 30¢, I'd gladly pay that knowing that I am able-bodied and can walk.

That's kind of a weird standard isn't it? Why don't you pay $1 to the Clean Water Fund for every time you drink a glass of clean water? Better yet, why don't I force you to. 

There is nothing to put in perspective, other than the fact that you are airing your smug sense of altruism to an internet community. I voted for him, but I do regret my decision (though I wasn't head over heals for Lhota)  I am not upset at this decision by him though to increase prices on taxis. I understand why the price increase it happening. If anyone can explain why it would be bad, I would love to hear.  I quit believing in the ability of democracy to pick decent leadership a long time ago. You must only need to be moved from one location to another during peak rush hours and only need to be transported between two spots easily accessible by the same bus line. Or maximum, two bus lines. There are a lot of other situations in which the bus, even combined with the subway, just doesn't cut it.  it's pretty much the basis of democracy - or at least the immediate consequence.  What price do you think it should be if $0.30 is too high?  In one a number is chosen out a hat and in the other thousands of actuaries make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year to choose the prices.... I wonder why you're skeptical about the 30 cents number ;) >How did every other business who had to comply with ADA requirements deal with it? Surely it was not through government taxing people and handing out the revenue to private companies.

They raise prices.  Taxis aren't allowed to by statute. > How did every other business who had to comply with ADA requirements deal with it? Surely it was not through government taxing people and handing out the revenue to private companies.

Small businesses can take advantage of [tax credits](http://www.ada.gov/taxcred.htm) to subsidize costs. NYCTLC probably doesn't qualify as a small business, and its likely that most of the medallion owners don't qualify either. Regardless of available credits, business expenses ultimately come out of the customer pockets, whether it be through revenue earned, or revenue to be earned. 

> At worst you could give tax breaks for cabbies to upgrade their cabs

That's taking tax revenue away from the city though, which has its own problems. I'm not saying this wouldn't work, but I bet its a lot easier to let a fee-increase in NYCTLC go through than try to push a tax break through the political channels in the timeframe provided by the Judge. Both new taxes and tax breaks are a political game that I'd bet the DeBlasio administration doesn't want to get into for something like this.
 I've been trying to track down any information on the class-action, not much luck in that regard, but I'd guess that number was hashed out as a part of the settlement. The goal of the ADA (I think) is going to be 100%, and the goal of the city is going anything less than that. 

The problem with an app is that it doesn't guarantee availability - you might still have to wait in a wheelchair for 20-30 minutes for an accessible cab.  My understanding is (based on what numbers I've found) that there are somewhere around 90K handicapped living around NYC. If even 10% of them need to use a cab during the day, there are only around 300 available (once again, based on what numbers I've found, mostly from 2013), assuming every one of them is on the road at all times. This doesn't take into account any handicapped tourism that there might be, which might be more significant if the city had higher/easier ADA access transit.

Fundamentally, whether there is demand or not, the lawsuit is there - that they settled for just 50% of the fleet indicates that the ADA-support understands your point, but they will still fight to ensure that the capability is there.

One of my classmates at my CCNA class was paralyzed from the neck down, and had a hell of a time making it to midtown. He either had to wait for specialized transportation, or hope that he could catch a bus on time that wasn't too crowded for him to get set up on. Plus if it was raining or snowing, he'd be hosed trying to get to the nearest stop. At least with an ADA cab, they can get very close to him and assist in getting into the vehicle to some degree.  He's a Red Sox fan that grew up in Boston. It's a scheme to bring our city down by little taxes and surcharges that will make living here even more expensive than it already is so everyone will move to Boston. Flawless logic, really. haha jesus christ you guys.  You're blaming him for something that took place before he took office It's not, but it's lame. It's especially lame considering the access-a-rides. I think before the ADA gets to mandate handicap accessable taxis they should demonstrate an actual need, and then determine what percentage of the taxi cabs need them, half seems beyond excessive.

Also if the 30 cents is added now, I would love to see that it actually gets phased out. 

I already pay way too many fucking taxes to this city. This $90 parking ticket sucks, but at least I don't have ass cancer! [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] I bike everywhere. Haven't bought a metro card since last year some time! Even then, I just use it to go to bus/train stations. god forbid we let the market decide... it's historically so bad at price discovery Of course they just raised prices by statute (17%) 2 years ago. > Regardless of available credits, business expenses ultimately come out of the customer pockets, whether it be through revenue earned, or revenue to be earned.

And i'm fine with that. That's not what is happening here. This is the city jumping in and saying we're taxing you so we can give some of the money to cabbies and presumably just pocket the rest.

This is exactly my point. I assume that the ramp outside of the restaurant I'm going into has been somehow baked into the price of what I buy. The government isn't putting a new tax on top of the 5 other taxes already on my bill to pay for it.

If it's a city building or something... I get it. But these are private businesses. These medallions are worth upwards of a million dollars. These are who were giving our corporate welfare to? He's a sleeper agent! I want to see his birth certificate. You mean beyond the disabled saying there is a need?  Hilarious.  What you want is for able bodied to feel the "need" that people are already petitioning for?   Unless your 80 years old and have to get to a doctor's appointment. Yep. And now we're spending huge money on getting people taxis more quickly while others don't even have water to drink. Tribalism is great. Put down the Rand? I'm not calling for some pure dog eat dog libertarian utopia.

We pay taxes all day long with nearly every action we take. Then at the end of the year. We pay a 6% city tax as well. 

Don't you want to keep any of your money? It's the principle. You need to have a line in the sand somewhere. > Why does the taxi-riding public need to front money to create wheelchair accessible cabs? 

It's a fair question. It seems asburd that a private business will get free taxpayer money for this. I don't remember ever having to pay a tax so a local business could put in a ramp...

If you want cabs to be wheelchair accessible, make it code and have them do it.

PLus, the article says that this isn't a temporary tax. Once these cabs are in service in 2020, deBlasio just wants to keep taxing you for no apparent reason.

> What gives him the right to add on another new tax to a service?

Elections. The same reason the public pays for you when you get hit by a bus,  we have a society Look at this fucking hipster. I don't see what that has to do with my reply.  You asked what other businesses do, I replied, along with why cab companies cannot simply do the same *in response to new expenses.*

Also, saying that they raised it 17% two years ago is true, but it's also true that fares have been raised only one time in eight years.  Phrasing can make all the difference. > If it's a city building or something... I get it. But these are private businesses.

Technically, if they were truly private, the city wouldn't be involved in the lawsuit. But NYCTLC is NYC managed, as are the medallions that go out. The medallions may be privately owned, but they are regulated by a government entity - and thats where the responsibility lies for the outfitting of cabs according to ADA standards, as was decided by the court proceedings.

In a sense, this *is* city-building - the addition of ADA-accessible cabs as a part of the fleet increases the accessibility of the city to the handicapped. From what I've read, there are only about 300 or so cabs in existence today that allow for that kind of transportation. The new fee, *if passed*, would make it so that 1 out of ever 2 yellow cabs could handle someone who has a wheelchair. That makes NYC a *very* friendly city to anyone who is handicapped, whether visiting or living, which isn't a bad thing for 0.30c a ride. It might not seem like there is a large handicap population out there, but I imagine at least some of that has to do with difficulties in accessing transit options. Outside of MTA bus, there aren't a lot of options for someone in a wheelchair, and the subways are not exactly handicap friendly. All things considered, a cab-fee for more ADA cabs is a lot cheaper than renovating a subway station for elevators.

Furthermore, the litigation could have gone on for some time back and forth between new appeals and such - this is a simple way of cutting losses and preventing legal fees over an issue that really just stands to win PR points. Being able to say "Half of NYC's taxi fleet is handicap-accessible!" is an easy pitch for NYC tourism to run with as well. From a marketing/PR perspective, trying to fight this sort of thing too hard does damage as well. 

Unfortunately, without seeing the specifics of how they came up with the $0.30 number, its impossible to know how much of the money is going to be used for what - assuming they will 'pocket' all of it is a bit short-sighted. It's certainly *possible*, but so are many other things. I'd like to think they are planning for maintenance and such, but I have no idea, so I'm reserving judgement on that aspect. But the idea of a fee *in general* on cab rides in order to support ADA-compliant fleet expansions doesn't seem that ridiculous. OR IN A FUCKING WHEELCHAIR The world isn't a fair place. Grow up. You're welcome to keep your money in your pocket by not riding in a cab Oh man, cupcake, you've caught me! Better go shave my beard! Point is, why an open ended tax? Why not allow them to raise fares again?
 You're right, the world isn't fair.  When you can afford to live and work in New York City a 30 cent fare tax is hardly unfair to provide access for the handicap.  You're the one screaming theft that your ten dollar cab ride might cost 10.30 now.    Fuck it, we'll make it number 98.

Edit: make the #99, the list doesn't include the 6% city tax.

#1 Air Transportation Taxes (just look at how much you were charged the last time you flew)

#2 Biodiesel Fuel Taxes

#3 Building Permit Taxes

#4 Business Registration Fees

#5 Capital Gains Taxes

#6 Cigarette Taxes

#7 Court Fines (indirect taxes)

#8 Disposal Fees

#9 Dog License Taxes

#10 Drivers License Fees (another form of taxation)

#11 Employer Health Insurance Mandate Tax

#12 Employer Medicare Taxes

#13 Employer Social Security Taxes

#14 Environmental Fees

#15 Estate Taxes

#16 Excise Taxes On Comprehensive Health Insurance Plans

#17 Federal Corporate Taxes

#18 Federal Income Taxes

#19 Federal Unemployment Taxes

#20 Fishing License Taxes

#21 Flush Taxes (yes, this actually exists in some areas)

#22 Food And Beverage License Fees

#23 Franchise Business Taxes

#24 Garbage Taxes

#25 Gasoline Taxes

#26 Gift Taxes

#27 Gun Ownership Permits

#28 Hazardous Material Disposal Fees

#29 Highway Access Fees

#30 Hotel Taxes (these are becoming quite large in some areas)

#31 Hunting License Taxes

#32 Import Taxes

#33 Individual Health Insurance Mandate Taxes

#34 Inheritance Taxes

#35 Insect Control Hazardous Materials Licenses

#36 Inspection Fees

#37 Insurance Premium Taxes

#38 Interstate User Diesel Fuel Taxes

#39 Inventory Taxes

#40 IRA Early Withdrawal Taxes

#41 IRS Interest Charges (tax on top of tax)

#42 IRS Penalties (tax on top of tax)

#43 Library Taxes

#44 License Plate Fees

#45 Liquor Taxes

#46 Local Corporate Taxes

#47 Local Income Taxes

#48 Local School Taxes

#49 Local Unemployment Taxes

#50 Luxury Taxes

#51 Marriage License Taxes

#52 Medicare Taxes

#53 Medicare Tax Surcharge On High Earning Americans Under Obamacare

#54 Obamacare Individual Mandate Excise Tax (if you don't buy "qualifying" health insurance under Obamacare you will have to pay an additional tax)

#55 Obamacare Surtax On Investment Income (a new 3.8% surtax on investment income)

#56 Parking Meters

#57 Passport Fees

#58 Professional Licenses And Fees (another form of taxation)

#59 Property Taxes

#60 Real Estate Taxes

#61 Recreational Vehicle Taxes

#62 Registration Fees For New Businesses

#63 Toll Booth Taxes

#64 Sales Taxes

#65 Self-Employment Taxes

#66 Sewer & Water Taxes

#67 School Taxes

#68 Septic Permit Taxes

#69 Service Charge Taxes

#70 Social Security Taxes

#71 Special Assessments For Road Repairs Or Construction

#72 Sports Stadium Taxes

#73 State Corporate Taxes

#74 State Income Taxes

#75 State Park Entrance Fees

#76 State Unemployment Taxes (SUTA)

#77 Tanning Taxes (a new Obamacare tax on tanning services)

#78 Telephone 911 Service Taxes

#79 Telephone Federal Excise Taxes

#80 Telephone Federal Universal Service Fee Taxes

#81 Telephone Minimum Usage Surcharge Taxes

#82 Telephone State And Local Taxes

#83 Telephone Universal Access Taxes

#84 The Alternative Minimum Tax

#85 Tire Recycling Fees

#86 Tire Taxes

#87 Tolls (another form of taxation)

#88 Traffic Fines (indirect taxation)

#89 Use Taxes (Out of state purchases, etc.)

#90 Utility Taxes

#91 Vehicle Registration Taxes

#92 Waste Management Taxes

#93 Water Rights Fees

#94 Watercraft Registration & Licensing Fees

#95 Well Permit Fees

#96 Workers Compensation Taxes

#97 Zoning Permit Fees Is supposed to be something that offends me?  It's a list of taxes that may be levied against you.  If you don't want to pay the dog tax you can move or not get the fucking dog.  It's not hard.   