Wheelchair advocate says NY ferry violates disabilities law  As the structure of the ship is, there's no way to really modify the bathroom to for a motorized wheelchair like that person has unless they make it one stall per bathroom, which would be problematic for an 800 person capacity boat (at least one boat has the restroom below deck). Could they get some sort of more modernized gangway? Maybe. But in the end the angle of it is still going to be dependent on the tide, which we have yet to make ADA compliant. 

I work with Statue Cruises on a daily basis and while I definitely have my gripes, there's not a whole lot to be done here.  [deleted] The ADA was passed 40 years ago. I'm sure they could have built the boats differently in the past 40 years. Structures built before the ADA was passed are exempt, like most subway stations. I think we can all agree that there is a difference between a structure that was built 100 odd years ago and boats which were definitely put into service after the ADA was passed. The ADA was passed roughly 25 years ago in 1990. The boats are still serviceable aside from this ADA issue and replacing the fleet would likely cost more than this lawsuit will cost.  Even renovated stations don't follow the ADA law, but they don't get forced to comply So that means something like the Statue of Liberty could never be built in the US because it would violate that law? >and boats which were definitely put into service after the ADA was passed.

All seven boats that Statue Cruises uses are older than the Americans with Disabilities Act. These boats were purchased from Circle Line when they took over their contract to be the exclusive provider of ferry service to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. 

Source: I work on Liberty Island, have rode all of them, and they're all old as shit. 
 Why shouldn't they?  And that's fucked up. I've seen those ticked prices. They're making money hand over fist, and they can't buy new boats? Or even *one* new boat? If they replaced one boat in the fleet to be ADA compliant, it would draw more attention to the fact that the rest aren't. When you start talking about replacing the whole fleet you're taking about millions of dollars. 

I don't know what their cut of the ticket price is, but total ticket revenue is probably $60mil to $70mil a year.  