Hi r/Nyc! I have a quick question? Hi everyone:) Ill try and make this short and sweet and try not to be the annoying 'omg nyc wat do' kind of person, so here it goes ; 

I'v lived in small towns...basically my entire life, so naturally going and living in New York is my DREAM. I just find the city so damn inspiring:) All the lights, HUGE buildings, strange people, all of it! I'v seen practically every tour of New york / Manhattan/ Queens / Brooklyn / Staten Island / The Bronx, I spend free time looking up history of New York, I rarely watch TV and if I do, its about / set in NY...basically I'm a stereotypical teenager whos in love with a city I'v never been to ^_^

But I have a problem, I'm disabled, and a fellow disabled friend of mine visited NYC a few years ago and said it wasn't very wheelchair - friendly / accessible. What I'm asking is, is this true? Or has it changed over the years? I'v looked into it and a lot of articles says it is accessible and the city is currently in effort of making it more wheelchair- friendly, but I'm just asking from your guys' point - of - view, obviously the streets are pretty difficult. But I'm talking subways / elevators /buildings / restraunts / clubs.

The reason I'm asking is because I don't want to spend my time falling in love with a city, and then not being able to maybe one day live there. I'm looking into maybe moving to L.A after HS, get a degree in Music / Audio Engineering, and potentially moving to either Brooklyn or somewhere cheap and get a job somewhere around there with Music.

TL:DR Is New York wheelchair accessible ? Sorry to add to the buzz-kill, but NYC is an extremely non-handcap welcoming city.  

a few case and points;

* Public transportation; wheel chair friendly cabs are few and far between and subways can be extremely packed during rush hours periods *(by extremely packed I mean not even standing room only.... I've had to wait  through 3+ trains for one that was empty enough to allow more passengers on)*  **Also** as per elevators in subways, they are rarely working, when they are working; they break down often, and are generally only used by the morbidly obese... or lazy teenagers.

*  Cheap rent in brooklyn...  Possible, but keep in mind that 90% of all buildings are not going to be wheelchair accessible.  Walk-ups are common place (ie buildings with elevators are few and far between...) and even if you get an apartment on the first floor, most apartments you will still have to go up a small flight of stairs to get to the first floor... oh and *"cheap"* rent is paying aprox $600+ for a bedroom (in a 3+ bedroom apartment) in a lower income neighborhood. 

*  Clubs... well it depends what kind of music you like and such.  I really only go to dive bars and clubs that cater to that sort of crowd... many places have stair cases (a few with spiral staircases), but I have never seen one with an elevator...

From my experiences.... NYC has always been technologically and people un-friendly city.  For example; only in the last 3 or so years have you been able to pay cabs, 80% of restaurants, and small stores with credit cards (keep in mind, a great deal of the city would still rather not have your business than to allow you to pay via credit card...)  Also; 90% of residential homes still use window air conditioners for cooling.  Having dishwashers, washing machines, or clothes driers in your apartment/building is still not the norm.  The list really goes on...  NYC likes to make things difficult, but that is also part of it's charm.

As much as I hate to say it; this is a cut throat place... you may be able to make it work for you... it can be done, but it sure as !@#$ won't be *easy*.  In all honesty; I too really would recommend setting up in a newer user friendly city. 

 there are a lot of negative comments here.  true, but negative.  as with everything in New York, you definitely won't be the first or only.  there are plenty of people in wheelchairs living and working here.  it won't be the easiest place to live, but it's not the easiest place to live for anyone.  it is the most rewarding, though.  

check out [Five Flights Up](http://www.amazon.com/Five-Flights-Other-Apartment-Stories/dp/1568985851), a book of short interviews with different people living in New York in unusual conditions.  the book takes its title from a story of a man in Chelsea who lost his legs while living in a fifth floor walk-up and continued to live there.   Buildings are, but moving in NYC is NOT! Large crowds, high curbs, danger of getting hit by car, etc.... is what all people deal with. Wheelchairing it will make it 100x harder. However, I say go for it! It will be fun no matter what, and will be a great experience.  If you would like a small taste of what it's like to try to get around NYC in a wheelchair, search on YouTube for a video called "wheelchair kamikaze". I'm on my mobile & can't link.  Bare in mind that the guy lives in a swanky building in a super nice neighborhood, so it's easier than most areas. But you'll see it's still insane.

Try a visit someday. But LA is probably easier overall in a lot of ways.  Well, there are people who live here who get around in wheelchairs, I think they must be doing alright. Finding an affordable apartment that is easily accessible will take a lot of work, especially since you aren't already here.  Subway usage will be limited by lack of elevators, and frustrating due to the randomly non-functioning ones.  Plenty of storefronts are at ground level, but the ones that do have stairs rarely if ever have ramps.  Many of your friends apartment buildings may have stairs at the entrance and no ramp, and often no elevator at all.

You should come visit and see how you like it.  If you love it that much, you may find a way to make it work for you.  If you can drive, LA will be alot more accessible, I'd say. It's not very accessible. I was in a wheelchair for a couple months when I broke my ankle, and there were dining halls on campus I couldn't get into because they weren't accessible. Wheelchair friendly cabs are hard to come by, and subway stations with elevators are the exception, not the rule. The buildings are old, so they don't have a lot of elevators, and a lot of the buildings that do have elevators have very tiny ones that barely fit wheelchairs.

However, if you love the city, go for it. You'll have to plan excursions a little more carefully, but there are mechanisms in place to make your life a little easier. If you end up living near a non-wheelchair accessible subway station, there's Access-A-Ride, which costs the same as the subway, but they'll come straight to you and drop you off where you need to go. And, as others have said, NYC is working towards being more disability friendly. It's just got some ways to go. [deleted] You made me realize how few wheelchairs I see in the course of a day. I think it must be very hard here - the sidewalks are uneven or broken, few elevators, crowds everywhere. But whatever you do, come visit and see for yourself. Is there some NYC disability group that can give you more specific advice?  Thanks for the replies everyone. I watched this, as request from a commentor below and while watching it, I found that it pretty much resembles my struggles with any city, really. While traveling in NYC (theoretically) I'd probably have a friend / aid with me, and I got a little idea...would it be, say, 'rude' to carry around a small but sturdy board of wood  / ramp type thing with me on my chair that my said friend could just put on any curb and I could drive up it, and wah-lah, I'm on the curb? Or would that be weird? :P 

 Heres the video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aPQp7GxP9E The best place to live in NYC if you're disabled is Roosevelt Island. Because of all the hospitals there, everything MUST be handicap accessible. The subway has an elevator, and so does the tram on the Manhattan side (not required on the Roosevelt Island side). Subsequently, there is a large handicap population there. I would strongly consider checking it out if I were you. I'm a vote with the 'go for it' crowd. Hell, you can always split if it doesn't work out (sure that's hard, but taking risks always is - better than regrets). And think about it this way - you are able to spec out and plan in advance... better than being stuck in a difficult situation where you had no advance options to plan.

In any case, why not come for an extended visit? If money is an option, stay at a hostel (IYH on 103 and Amsterdam allows for up to two week stay and I think they are handicapped accessible - 30 bucks a night, can't beat that.) I don't know why people want to be in this city so bad. Go for it and try if you want, so that you can know first hand if you like it or not instead of just reading about it. But it sounds like you want some basic dream, to get a degre in music, move to NYC and work in music...

If its possible I'll trade homes with you. Just make sure that when I get to you're town it's possible To get a job as a cop or firefighter and I'll let give you this crappy apartment here in the Bronx.  Just adding to the public transportation bit: The buses are always accommodating to passengers in wheelchairs, and I've never heard anyone grumble about having to wait a little bit longer for the driver to help you get onto the bus and situated. It does a loud whooshing sound to lower the side of the bus with the door and then a metal panel unfolds to let you roll on, it always makes me think of a spaceship but that's just me. There's also those access-a-ride things that I see everywhere, but I have no idea how those work unfortunately =(

Edit: Looks like you need to apply for an AAR(Access-A-Ride) card to use their services, and the fare is the same as normal subways and buses. More info here: http://www.mta.info/nyct/paratran/guide.htm#top I think this comment is on the right track. Acknowledging it's not easy, you should seek out how other handicap people manage. Came here to speak about the elevators, or lack thereof. If you are still dead set on this, and especially Brooklyn, look into the Brooklyn Heights area. It's pretty trendy and has a brand new train station, very accessible. It's less than a ten minute train ride into the FiDi, and there are a lot of newer/redone buildings in the area. I lived in one of the high rises for about a year and while I hated the building because of my own personal preferences, I did love the area. Be prepared for insanity with the prices of apartments, if that's something you haven't even considered that yet. That's usually what stops most people from moving here, and you'll most likely have to find a ridiculously overpriced newer building that meets ADA standards :/. Two grand a month and over for a studio or 1 br isn't abnormal here. Your arms are broken, not your ass. If you feel entitled to a seat, ask someone for one. Don't just expect them to be offered up to you unless you are visibly in need of a seat to a stranger.  Your disgust is unwarranted.  Kids don't have priority for seats.  I'm not sure an arm in a sling is worth any accommodation further than holding a door open. Ugh, I had a fractured radial head due to a bike wreck last year and had the exact same thing on the six train. I came remarkably close to cast bashing the woman to death. While the buses are accessible, actually commuting with them is a headache. They make many steps and getting from point A to point B takes a lot of time. A bus ride can easily take twice or three times the time of an equivalent subway ride. AAR is pretty loose with scheduling. They can arrive an hour on either side of the time you request. Just saying.  Actually I didnt even take the seat when offered.  But then again I'm not going to have an internet fight with some jerkoff hipster from Ohio.  
Yeah man! NYC Isn't edgy enough anymore.  Once my trust fund runs out, I'm going home! Yeah, fuck that guy carrying a stroller and groceries!  Fuck that three y/o too! I take the 6 to work...
I fractured my right radial head. Hurt like hell, but the left was so bad that the right never got any treatment, gonna get an xray to see how it healed soon.
My left elbow shattered and dislocated.  It was bent slightly backwards, doc popped it back in, it popped right out. ER said I would need a total elbow replacement.  Doc at the hosp for special surgery was able to use screws to get the bones back together without replacement.  I now have a sweet 9 inch scar on my arm, but will regain full use. Still going kayaking this summer. :)
But hey, dont listen to me, apparently I am a butthurt whiny wuss. I would love to meet some of these internet tough guys IRL.
Hope you are all healed up! Not going to disagree with you there, but it might be easier for OP to take the bus if he has a handicap that keeps him from hopping on and off the subway quickly. AAR is really unreliable, from personal experience I can tell you they are not to be trusted.   Ah, the transplant straw man. Last refuge of the butthurt.  Strollers have wheels.  3 year olds have feet.  You should chill. I got really lucky. My initial X-Rays led the doctors to believe I was gonna need a shitload of surgery but they wanted me to spend some time in the sling to see how it healed up on its own first. I've recuperated from other injuries pretty quickly in the past, but when I went for a follow-up, the doctors were absolutely baffled by how well it had healed and said that surgery was completely unnecessary at that point. The six from the second to last stop in the Bronx to 125 still sucked a thousand cocks though hahaha.

And I usually stay out of the comments on this sub due to the douchebags who have lived here for two years but now Own the City on the Internet.

Edit: there is no 124th Street six stop. Oh, of course! If one does not have a choice, one should take the bus. It's just pretty terrible when you have to use it... So many stops o_O 3 year olds have very uncoordinated seats.  And they are also a bit on the fragile/easy to misplace side of things.  Bumping into/shoving past a child is never very becoming of a stranger. On a further note I -always- offer my seat up to someone I see that needs it more.  Good to hear!
I am a month ahead of sched myself :) 2 more weeks of PT and I'm done.
Yeah man, my fam has had a continuous presence in at least one of the boroughs for 115 years. I don't need some fucking clowns who just got here to tell injured people and 3 y/o kids to go fuck themselves on the subway. 
Edit- if anyone got here yesterday, but is not a total douche, welcome! 