Filling up a Metro Card above ground? Hi /r/nyc. I've lived in Flushing, Queens all my life and I've never seen a way to refill my Metro Card that doesn't involve doing down into a subway station. Come to think of it, I haven't seen a way to do that anywhere in NYC.

This isn't a problem for most people, but I have Cerebral Palsy and it's a bitch to walk down those tiny-ass subway station stairs at .000002MPH while everyone else is zooming past you. I could use elevators but they reek of piss and the truth is I don't *need* them like a person in a wheelchair does, so I feel bad taking them.

So my question is, is there *anywhere* that anyone of you guys know of that I can fill my Metro Card above ground?

(Also yes I'm aware I can just buy a new one but I'd rather just refill this one if possible) You can try this.. http://mta.info/metrocard/EasyPayXpress.htm
 Piss smell notwithstanding, I think you're perfectly justified taking an elevator if you want to. They're not just for people in wheelchairs, I see old people, people with luggage, etc. taking them all the time.

And let's be honest - fully half of our fair city reeks of piss, no?    Don't feel bad about taking a elevator ever if it helps you or makes your trip easier in any way.  I have knee problems so sometimes I should walk with crutches, although I prefer to use a cane for aesthetic purposes even though it isn't as effective, so I will sit in disabled seats and take elevator because it is better for me.  You should worry about yourself first, and if some unusually large group of more needy people need to use the elevator, just step out and get it on the second trip. There is also a discount program for handicap and disabled.  

https://www.easypaymetrocard.com/vector/static/accounts/index.shtml

Click on the pdf and fill out the information for disabled persons.  Should be a nice discount, and you can also do auto refill online as well. Just buy new ones at the store.   while I dont know about filing up, I do know that you can buy prepaid cards at some of the street kiosks  some bodegas sell metro cards, i think they might be pre-pay though. just recycle your old one if you're wrried about that sort of thing. I used to see that weird MTA truck/van that looked like it sold ice cream but really Metrocards. Haven't in awhile, though. > I could use elevators but they reek of piss and the truth is I don't need them like a person in a wheelchair does, so I feel bad taking them.

It's not like a handicapped parking spot. Flushing Queens? The (above ground) 7 line doesn't have Metrocard machines?

The above ground Staten Island "subway" line has metrocard machines outside a couple stations. Also, I think the Brooklyn's "S" train in Prospect Heights has Metrocard machines outside their stations. the entrance to the subway in the middle of times square has machines before you go down the stairs.  its at 42 bet 7 & bway.  the one with the giant sign. SUEEEEEEEEEE THEM ! Wow, I never realized that existed for some reason. Thanks! instinct tells me to stay out of subway elevators, [this](http://www.theblaze.com/stories/nyc-subway-elevator-rescue-caught-on-video/) reaffirms it. They're on a two week schedule. It would be by my folks' place in Glen Oaks every other Wednesday morning, after rush hour... which is kind of useless. I see one in yorkville around 90 and York, I think because everyone there takes buses and subways are far away I see it on 57th/1st about once a month. The one that parks in flushing is a bus. I've seen it a few times. The flushing stop on the 7 is below ground, But it does have escalators and an elevator.

As for the rest of the stops, the machines are up the stairs. as the rest of the line is 50 feet in the air, Instead of across the ground like a lot of stations in Brooklyn, (like the Q train) This is true of the "S", at least at the Franklin Avenue stop. There is also Escalators on Roosevelt. If you walk up the block a bit toward Macys.

Where in flushing are you from? If you go out at all I've Probably seen you as I have also lived in flushing my entire life.
 You've never realized it existed because you're probably one of the few people in NYC who would have an actual reason for using this program.  

Every other transit system in the world has found a way to add incentives to their permanent-refill card systems or at least punish you for not using it.  In NYC there are no pros or cons to using it.  No discounts, no real punishments for not using, and no real added convenience save for not having to stop at the machines or (in your case) go into stations.  So I'm happy it works for you - it doesn't at all work for anyone else, and these stupid expired monthly cards just keep piling up.   He probably takes the bus and wants to skip the trip down into the station just to refill the card. > no real added convenience save for not having to stop at the machines

This is a huge convenience for me, as all my subway stops are near times square and waiting in line at the machine has caused me to miss many a train.
 So you take a subway from one stop near times square to another stop near times square?
Just curious... Ah I guess that's a really good point - if I had to be stuck behind tourists every time I needed a refill I'd probably opt in as well.   Er, sorry. I meant I live near times square, so whenever I'm getting *on* the subway it's usually a very crowded stop. 