Where to donate obsolete electric wheelchair parts? I have a bunch of electric wheelchair parts, nine or ten motor controllers, a couple of joysticks, a few motors, tires, that kind of thing. They work, but they're obsolete and not in the best shape. They were really expensive when they were new, and they could be awesome for a robotics hobbyist, hacker, student, teacher, someone who wants to spend the time adapting them to do something else?

I don't think they're an appropriate challenge for a middle school or high school since they're totally undocumented and unsupported, but I bet that a college class where they have oscilloscopes and whatnot could do something with them. Please message me if you know someone who'd be interested. Maybe accel.ai? Try getting in touch with [Wheelchairs of Berkeley.](http://www.wobwob.com/) I'm sure they could either take the parts to refurbish chairs or else give you an idea of what to do with old parts.
 If you haven't donated yet you should consider donating directly to a group like ALS TDI or ALS Association (I personally recommend the former). I guarantee everything donated goes to help local people who are dealing with this awful disease. Haven't heard of it, but I'll check it out. Thank you! The latest reviews I've heard of these folks is that they wouldn't know what to do with any of this, especially since they came under new management... but thank you for the recommendation.  I would rather have these go to something educational rather than have a charity sell them for scrap.. they probably won't get a good price for them.  oh wow, i didn't know they were under new management. A lot of my patients got chairs there and they came highly recommended in the past. Too bad to hear that the new owners aren't operating at that same standard. Actually both of those places don't sell the parts. They give them away to people with ALS. As someone with this disease, I know I appreciate it when donations are made to ALS TDI. Please, reconsider if you have not donated already. Itake been several years now since the new management, so *maybe* they have turned that around now, but the transition did not go well. My understanding is that they did keep some good technicians, but it became harder for anybody to get an appointment or have anything done quickly, or to get their chairs taken care of by the remaining experienced people. 

It's a very difficult job, trying to make money at wheelchair repair. A lot of people need it and can't afford what the work and parts are worth, and insurance has been steadily reimbursing less and less. It's a bad environment in the US. I do still occasionally fix chairs for people, but the load of stuff I'm trying to get rid of right now isn't at a level of quality that I'd personally want to put into a chair.  First, let me apologize for not giving a better explanation of the condition of the parts or my background. I am an engineer who has personally refurbished or repaired at least two dozen electric wheelchairs, and these are the parts that are halfway broken and from chairs that haven't been produced for ~15 years. I consider them to be too unreliable and shady to put into the chairs of people I know and care about, and often these parts came out of chairs where the problem was "this controller randomly fails for no reason" or "it only turns to the left, and the case is cracked", "the brakes don't work in this motor and the gearbox is leaking oil" and my understanding with ALS is that it progresses rapidly to a point where you need advanced seat functions, and at a minimum a very reliable chair. I saved these parts because when I started sometimes people were so desperate that sometimes something that worked 30% of the time was better than 0%, and the people who would tolerate that could at least walk from the sidewalk to a front door of a house to ask for help. Occasionally I have had people pay to have parts completely refurbished, but the companies that used to do that work for me charged nearly the price of new parts, and those companies have stopped working with consumers or have gone under.

I'll certainly ask if they want this collection of parts, but the first wheelchair repair place I talked to said they can probably take only one or two things I have, at most. Thank you for clarifying. I just wanted to see if the parts could go to help someone less fortunate. It sounds like one of those shops mentioned above would work best.

All that said, I would like to say thank you for getting the parts somewhere where they can be put to use (even if it ends up that no one can use them). I fear that too often "junk" gets trashed without thought.

Cheers, mate. 