hit & run biker last week To the bicyclist who didn't stop at the red light and knocked a girl off her bike last week... Who stopped to make sure she wasn't dead but then took off (curious to know what you thought you'd do differently if she *was* dead?)

She has a leg broken in 2 places, an arm broken in 3. No head injuries. Wheelchair for 3 months, can't work for 6.

Traffic laws are there for a reason, bikers above all should appreciate that fact. Folks, be safe out there, even if you can't be responsible. I hope the fucker who hit her doesn't reproduce. 

Thought you'd like to know! What did the biker look like? Where did this happen? This kind of shit pisses me off so much. Those overly intense bike enthusiasts who yell at cars just for being on the road, who blast through red lights and think they deserve to never have to slow down. Fuck. Them. [deleted] If there are no cars around, I slow down before stop signs but never stop.   hrm I am a SEASONED bike rider, and i have to say that there must be more to this story, you dont break bones in 5 places while sitting stationary at a red light when hit by another cyclist unless they weigh in at 500lbs and are going 25+ miles an hour..... whats the full story please.
 and I am sorry you got hurt so badly that sucks. I had a friend complain about cars because she rides a bike, and when I decided to go on a ride with her, she blasted through stop signs. I told her the cars aren't the problem, you are. This was in Alameda, I hope she wasn't the same going through Oakland, she's not that idiotic. You can't use crutches if your arm is broken in multiple places. I'm no doctor but having a leg broken in 2 places means there's double the healing and I'd think more than double the difficulty, aligning 2 breaks instead of 1. I don't know the details but there are of course different levels/grades of break. She was in surgery for 12 hours so it was fairly heavy duty stuff. Blood clots I think are part of the problem as well. Sorry I don't know more - will update as possible. She's home now and ok but I'm not going to probe for the gory details!! Same, except I drive a car. Perhaps you remember Sutchi Hui who was struck and killed by a bicyclist in the Castro. He was walking in a crosswalk - just walking - and was killed by a cyclist. So yes, five bone fractures seems easily within the realm here. riiight. are you a physicist? :)

She was not stationary, she had right of way and was in motion when hit. Reread and it makes sense. The person who hit her was the one who should've been sitting stationary. Not sure the specific situation you were in but it should be pointed out that slowing down at a stop sign to check for traffic and then proceeding through with caution without stopping makes sense to any one that's ever ridden.


The problem here are people who act without respect and this is a problem not just contained to traffic violations That's what we call the California roll :) there are HILLS in san francisco, I was one pulled over for speeding on van ness, the cop said he clocked me at 45 miles an hour coming down the hill. not a physicist no, but years and years of experience on bikes in pretty much all contexts. and it doesn't add up, sorry to say. I could be wrong there could have been some sort of freak circumstances going on though, which is why im asking. Nah, she would zoom right through at the same speed. I do stop fully about 50% of the time, and do what you mentioned the other times.  I too am fully in favor of YIELD signs wherever possible - keeping the flow moving across the US putting these in place of STOP signs would be a really effective conservation move (not to mention lowering general rates of irritation among the populace) - so yeah. RESPECT! False. California Roll contains imitation crab meat, rice, seaweed, and the tears of a virgin sea lion. There are HILLS in Oakland too. Just look to the East. I don't know. She could have been hit on the side, breaking her leg and throwing her off to the side and breaking her arm. I also cycle regularly and think you're underestimating the force of a bicycle hitting a person at 12-15 mph. did you read what I posted? you say a stationary rider hit could not sustain such injuries. Regardless of the validity of that, the rider was **in motion when hit** so I am not sure what your objection is. It has nothing to do with the signage itself, it's the law. Bikes yielding at stop signs, and drivers being educated that it's legal has been proven to be safer. I don't see that ever being a priority for Oakland, though. Riding there is a fucking jungle. He could tell by the pixels.  I once had a man about 5:11 or so and around 230 lbs, I am 6 feet tall, 200 pounds of muscle. i was going around 15 miles an hour one day when i was a bike messenger, and this guy steps off a curb right in front of me i slammed into him hard enough to knock him 20 feet down the street. neither of us was hurt beyond a few bruises and scrapes. not saying that this person might have the same experience of course accidents are chaotic and what forces are applied is unknowable without being there. BUT 5 broken bones? that just seems a bit to much. still don't believe we are hearing the whole story. sure - I'm talking about taking one frequently applied rule/law (stop sign law) down in favor of one lesser applied but effective law (yield sign law). Not advocating the cool crime of California stopping but instead advocating a reduction in regulation of stop signs. People might take them more seriously if they weren't every block. Red lights is another level and obviously by my post I think traffic laws should be followed. Sometimes though I despair at road layout/design habits that encourage inefficiency and frustration. In Idaho, they've just changed the definition of a stop sign to mean "yield" for bicycles. Since bikes are slower, have more visibility, etc, it doesn't make them particularly more dangerous, and blowing through the stop sign without looking is still illegal. 