Dungeons and Dragons, anyone? My friend and I are looking for a D&D group. She's new to the game (I'm teaching her) and I'm not part of my old groups anymore so we need a new one. Does anyone know of any we might join? Thanks! <3

Edit: I feel I should specify that we're looking for a 3.5e DM. Although we obviously need players, neither my friend (obviously) nor myself, know enough to DM. Thanks for the responses, though, guys! Its awesome! :) I don't play D&D but I want some new friends. Is D&D on gamecube? I would LOVE to play some more. And I do have experience DMing. Unfortunately, I will never again DM for 3.5. Playing it is fun enough, but DMing for 3.5 is an absolute nightmare.

If you change your mind and would like to play 4e, I'd be happy to DM. Dude I've never played, and I guarantee you a friend or two of mine would totally be down. (if you're willing to teach 3 people including your friend at the same time) Would love to play sometime. I'd need to learn as well, but I'de love to I too want to learn how to play, but I don't have friends, just a tabletop.  Find a pick up group at any of the local game stores. Play with them, and if you like them, ask if they're interested in a home game. I'd love to, but I have enough trouble trying to coordinate schedules with my other groups. :/ sorry, but if my life frees up a little, I'd be glad to play some more!  [deleted] I'll play but would have to learn as well. :) If you havent set anything up and are still looking I am more than happy to join in.  I have only played 3.5 but would love getting back into it! I would love to play. I've played off and on for over 5 years, I wish I  was more familiar with 3.5. I've DM'd alot in 4th but wouldn't call myself experienced. I do have a ton of minis, if u ever get a game rolling MSG me and I'll let ur DM use some, maybe even roll a Manbearpig tank lol. I live in the benson area. Good luck OP. I haven't played 3.5 in years but it was as good a system as any, IMO.  I used to DM too, but not anymore (*thousand-yard stare*).  I'm up in Wayne so I could see a longish game on Saturday or Sunday if you needed people for a group still. Late to the party, better than never I suppose.

I'm moving back to Omaha at the end of August and I am an experienced DM for both 3.5e and Pathfinder. I've been planning to post, hoping to gather a group of redditors for a weekly/biweekly game (likely on weekends). 

While I would prefer Pathfinder (Which is just an update to 3.5, cleaner, easier and ever-improving) I've DM'd both and taught many newcomers in my time. Let me know how your search ended up, because I'd love to play/DM once I arrive! what edition? > I'm not part of my old groups anymore

I WONDER WHY LOLOLOLOLOL

(before the downvotes come, I think I know who this is so I have the right to say this) People with autism should not play D&D. hahahahahahahahahahaha Uhm... its tabletop. I would love to, except we need at LEAST an experienced DM. Otherwise, that'd be awesome. More the merrier I say! Every local game group at the comic shops and whatnot seem to play on Wednesdays, which doesn't work for me. :x Aw, thats ok. Thank you, though! Oh thank you! <3 I think at this rate I might just shoot for a 4e game... I do PREFER 3.5e by a long shot, but 4e is definitely easier for people to learn... and I can't seem to find a DM for 3.5e. Unfortunately we can't seem to get any 3.5e DMs, so I'm rounding up people for a 4.0 group in the mean time. Its a good way to introduce the newbies to the D20 system, so it works, its just not ideal. Oh oh~! You're my savior, first person to wanna DM 3.5... When do you come back and whats your schedule like? Preferably 3.5... You're probably wrong, because IF you knew me, you'd know why and wouldn't be laughing... unless you're that one crazy guy, in which case please go be crazy somewhere else. But uhm, thanks for the completely pointless attention whoring comment that was completely unhelpful! Go you!  TIL you need a wheelchair for autism So... no? Honestly, my schedule is likely to be wide open on nights and weekends. I can't say for sure, but I'd bet that the weekend will be easiest for most. I'll throw together a Facebook group and we can coordinate through that. oh. first session of a new dnd 4e campaign is tomorrow night. I would have sent you a bunch of the 4e pdfs that we use, as well as the no-longer supported WotC dnd 4e Character Builder Some friends of mine are starting up a Pathfinder campaign. It's the spiritual successor to D&D 3.x, which helps cut down on the complexity of the hundreds of the 3.5 splat books. No it's on your Purple Cube of Ecstasy, made by a not so well known developer called tabletop. No. Mkay. Keep me posted. I've played 4e, and its good for new players, like my friend, and I'd play it again, but I'd REALLY love to get back in a 3.5e group. That might be interesting! If you want go ahead and email me, IsabelleLilium@gmail.com mother of god

well i got mario party on point if anyones interested. :3 well, if you'd like me to send you the materials, I can. although I snooped through your comments and infer that you are wheelchair-bound? that might not work at the place that we're doing dnd tonight. I mean, you can go down a hill to the basement, but it's a really steep hill I <3 mario party!!! I'm not wheelchair bound, I'm a wheelchair user. I'm, thankfully, not paralyzed. But my joints are fragile and weak, so I use a cane or my chair to get around. I'd still need access details, though.  well can you go down stairs? otherwise, there's a grassy slope leading to his back door. I can manage a flight of stairs if I HAVE to and I'm careful... as long as its an entry/exit thing, and not a bathroom obstacle. DM just texted me, saying that a couple of the guys couldn't make it. we're rescheduling for another night. 