Griffters in Philadelphia- Anyone been defrauded by a random stranger? I've been approached by the same few grifters lately.
 
One is a set of guys in the parking lot of Best Buy on Delaware Ave trying to push stereo equipment. They have a magazine to show you the value of the speakers too. 

Another is a guy on Passyunk Ave who is always trying to get to his restaurant in Fishtown. He's usually on a cell phone pretending to be talking to someone. 

What are your griffter stories?  [deleted]  
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1716 
 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/66364) Anyone trying to get money to buy a train ticket to Trenton is lying. Always. Not a scam, but I was called a Klu Klux Klan White Monkey Bitch by a homeless midget with an oversized head in the Market East station a few weeks ago.

It just really made my day and I wanted to share that with you.  Last year I ran into a (well dressed) woman outside the UA Riverview looking completely distraught and telling a story about how her ride hadn't shown up and she lived across town and needed money for the Subway. It wasn't until I'd given her money and walked away that my friend who works at the UA told me that she'd been there for weeks conning money from strangers. It pisses me off. "Hi, I have diabetes and I need something to eat, could you lend me a couple of bucks?" Used to work at a cafe on Rittenhouse.  Woman I worked for had told me one time a guy pulled a quick-change on her - handed her a hundred, for a small purchase, then changed the order, and generally confused the whole thing.  He wound up taking the till for 40 bucks.  Two months later, guy comes in, I'm at the register, and he tries to pull this stunt with a bag of chips.  It was busy, and while I'm figuring his order out, the line is getting impatient.  All of a sudden it hit me - motherfucker trying to get over on me!?!  Fuck that.  I made him wait, took back the order, restarted the whole thing and got generally pissed the fuck off.  Five minutes later I'm telling him to gtfo, and proceeding with the line.  I turn around, and realize I had his chips and change.  Wound up taking him for a buck sixty.  Gave my boss (the woman who got jammed up and warned me) the chips and change, told her it was a present from a customer. I was in the parking lot on Oregon Avenue once when these two guys pulled up to me in one of those white vans with the opaque windows. The driver was a 25 ish year old guy, and he said "hey man, I know this sounds weird, but would you be willing to buy a stereo system? It's in great condition." I immediately said "No, no thanks. I live in an apartment and don't have room" (trying to just shake him off). He then said "oh come on man, sure you have room" to which I replied, "no, I don't. No thanks."

Now, I know this was a scam (as the OP mentioned a similar scenario), and sensed it immediately. However, I'm not sure exactly what their goal was. Do they take your money and leave? Kidnap you? Sell you faulty equipment? 

Someone in r/philly please help me understand! The first is called "The white van scam". [It even has its own Wikipedia entry.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_van_speaker_scam)

If you do a google search you'll see examples going as far back as the mid 90s. "Excuse me sir, would you please be willing to donate to the, 'Buy a Nigga a Pastrami Sandwich Fund''

I was happily donated to that cause.

 I've seen that guy on Passyunk many times near the CVS. I figured out where he lives. I confronted him in an unpleasant manner. I suggested he not be seen anymore. Woman walks around Powelton Village (near Drexel) saying she just escaped a domestic violence situation and is pregnant. Needs to get to a woman's shelter in Doylestown. My friend gave her $5 because he is sensitive to domestic violence abuse stories. 


The next day, I'm walking home from class and she says the same exact thing to me and I said "Yeah, my friend gave your $5 yesterday for that same exact story." she says, "HE DID!?" And I said "Yeah, don't shit where you eat."


Fucking people. Philly is the worst for this. Same stereo scam happened to me in the Ikea parking lot. When the guy wouldn't stop hassling me I told him off, then he tried to fight me. Has anyone encountered the shoe shine guy? He's this older black guy who goes around with a shine-box and offers to shine your shoes if they need a shine or not. He refuses to take no for an answer and gets pretty confrontational as he tells his sob story. He lives around Temple and can usually be seen hassling people from Market East to Old City.  My roommate got taken by some guy who came up to the house, said [roommate's friend] got her car towed and couldn't afford it, but said [roommate] would loan her twenty bucks.  Retard didn't even think to call her.  He claims he saw a tow truck out front, but I don't think I believe him.  I work in a building downtown and the cleaning people used to buy DVD's and CD's from a guy.  He would bring them all in, lay them out and they would go nuts handing this guy money.  Well one day about six of those bike cops swarmed the building and arrested him.  It was pretty fun to watch. The best nation is a donation. Haven't seen that guy in a minute.  TL;DR. A man in a motorized wheelchair asked me for bus fair and rewared me with a story about getting pissed on by a crackhead.

Not defrauded, but a great story.

I was meeting some friends at McFadden's, and their DD for the night can be a stubborn, cheap bastard (but we love him and he doesn't drink, so he's good to keep around) and reused to pay to park in a lot. I stood outside for half an hour while he drive around trying to find on the street parking. While I'm out there, a man in a motorized wheelchair came up, started talking to me, eventually asked me for a few dollars so he could get on the bus.

I'm thinking to myself "That's a really nice motorized wheelchair for someone who needs to panhandle for bus fare," as I hand him over 3 dollars. He thanks me profusely, and says that people usually don't like to give money out because they're worried people will just take it to buy drugs. He then says, "I ain't know crackhead.... met one once. I was wheeling down an alley, and this crackhead jumps out from behind a dumpster. Pissed all over me and ran away."

We chatted for a few more minutes until my friends showed up. Then he left to catch the bus. My friends stated that I was the only person the know of who has a 15 minute conversation with random guys in wheelchairs about crackheads pissing on them.

Then while we were waiting to get in, a bachelorette party pulled up, and handed me a beer from their cooler while. What a night. I was living in a house near the St Joe's area when a roommate was scammed by a black fellow. He knocked on the door and claimed someone in the house owned him money. He said if he didn't get his money his friends who where "hiding around back" where going to burn the house down or shoot the place up or some other bullshit. She went to get the owner of the house and when she returned to the doorway she saw the man running out of the house with a laptop.  There is a guy right by the entrance to 76 near the World Cafe Live in West Philly who I have seen for 3-4 years now on and off...  he has a late 80's brown oldsmobile sierra type of car that he pulls to the side of the road and puts his hood up like his car isn't working.  He walks up to cars or tries and stops cars to ask for cash to get where he's going or for a tow or some silly crap.  I did fall for it once, and now I see that guy out there every so often.

Best hand out story?  Guy chatted us up in front of a bar smoking cigarettes, had dirty clothes but was extremely cognizant and talked to us about sports for a good half hour.  He then laid it on the line and asked for money, and even apologized for asking.  It's the most I've ever given to someone on the street, and even if he was scamming people it was worth it, I'm sure he needed the money and at least he wasn't an ass or a persistent creepy bastard. There are a bunch of young punk rockish kids who panhandle at the intersection of 34th and Gray's Ferry. They take turns with a sign that says something about traveling and needing money, but they just trade it off and have been there for months. One of them looks remarkably like Fiona Apple if she had dreds. Last week I was on my phone at 11th and spring garden and some 25ish looking guy came up and asked to use my phone. "yp man can i borrow your phone, mine is dead and i need to call my girl. I'll give you five bucks." Yeah no way, guy. 

This griffter used to say " I came here for live 8 and need money to get home". He used this for weeks. He then approached me for the second time on south street and I called him out.

My own experience as being a griffter. I was 15 years old and went to a show down at the tweeter center. I didn't have a ticket to go in, because who ever it was I didn't want to see anyway. I went to hang out with kids from high school and drink, surprise surprise. Well long story short, I tried nitrous for the first time. Holy shit,people aren't lying when they say this stuff is hippie crack. So i spend 20 on balloons and have no money to get home. I start asking people for change to take the train home because I really did need it. But shit, everyone said yes gave me money and so I thought to myself, wow that was easy why don't I just keep asking and use the extra money to buy 
more nitrous haha. In 45 minutes time I had a little over 100 cash and spent most of it on balloons for my friends and myself. To be 15. Looking back I would never do this again and feel bad, but I was young and naive.  Yeah, a buncha times.  It usually goes:

"Hey.  Something about something..."

"Hey.  No, thanks." Reading all of these stories and people wonder why I don't give money to strangers as a general rule.  If they help me out I'll tip them otherwise they just piss me off.  In fact I get pissed off at people who give them money because it just encourages them. 

I want a shirt that says "Don't encourage the bums" or something like that. Its one thing I genuinely dislike about living in the city.  For anyone who is near Market East or the Reading Terminal - there was a "homeless" guy named Rick in a wheelchair.  Nicest person out there - always a "good morning" or "good afternoon", always helpful to tourists etc.  I used to give him a couple bucks a week even though I know he's probably not really homeless.  Anyway, about a month ago he vanished.  Anyone seen him lately?   I love the polite ones...."Excuse me..." so I usually excuse them and continue walking...or ask them "why, did you fart?"..and keep walking..usually throws them off. I used to live in Chicago and there was a guy, not really a grifter, more of a performing artist. He used to stand on the bridge over the Chicago river on Michigan Avenue. Fairly good Saxophone player that was there every business morning rush and night rush hours. The Chicago Tribune did an article on the guy and turns out that was his main source of income. This was in 1995 and he was making, tax free, over $80,000 a year. Makes you wonder about the street performers everywhere. I tip them if they are good, but the only way to find out is hang around and listen, which I usually do. The ones that play 10 seconds of a few songs over and over get nothing....... Earlier this week, a (probably) mentally ill black woman in her late 30s or early 40s was walking down the sidewalk like she had somewhere to be.  Abruptly, she turns to her left to face the Starbucks on 18th and Market, starts pantomiming humping thrusts (like [this guy](http://www.google.com/images?&q=stormtrooper+humping+.gif), SFW) at nobody in particular, and shouts loudly, **SUCK MY CHINESE PUSSY!**  As I mentioned, I'm fairly certain she was not in fact Chinese.

Edit: Again, not a scam, but I read *SHIVERS* and it's the first thing I thought of. Anyone trying to get money to buy a train ticket to anywhere is lying.  Always.  Same people, same story, every day... yeah but that's true... I think she may be rotating with the parking lot at the Deptford Walmart.  I saw & heard this well dressed woman asking for money (and getting it) and I was tempted to help her out myself.

Then three weeks later she was still there!  I felt like hanging around and warning the people she'd approach. Me: Sure. Ill buy you something to eat.
Them: Oh man nah I think just a couple bucks man.
Me: Sorry I dont have any cash.
Them: Well fuck you then.

I love Philly. I imagine the rest of the scam is that they sell you a box of bricks. Yeah I was approached by white van scammers in NC.  They were in the parking lot of my then apartment complex.  Parked next to me and asked if I was interested in speakers.  I had actually just that week begun looking for a home speaker system so I listened to their pitch.  Their angle was that the supplier put one too many sets of speakers in the van from the shipping dock.  Since the items were already absent from the system they were just looking to make a few bucks much less than market value and again had magazines to show the retail value.  After I hesitated and they became increasingly aggressive in their tactics, I began to smell something and they left.  After getting back and reading about the scam I actually camped out in the lot during the same timeframe the next few days just so I might get the opportunity to bitch them out.  Never did get the chance unfortunately. LOL I'd look at the speakers and be like.. these aren't UL listed... these speakers could cause a fire and kill me ARE YOU TRYING TO KILL ME!!!!! HUH YOU WANT ME AND MY FAMILY AND MY DOG WHO SAVED MY LIFE DEAD IS THAT IT!!!  You were? When approached by these guys just say to them "Hey, I think I've met you before." They will get away from you as fast as they can. 

Or just tell them you know SamuraiSevens.
Kidding. Cheers to you. 

 I've seen her before too. She was walking by Penn Presbyterian and said she had just gotten out of the ER (had a patient bracelet on) after being attacked in domestic dispute and needed money. Luckily, I actually had no money at the time and couldn't give her anything. Whoa, I've seen that woman! She stopped me on near the 30th street station while I was walking towards Center City.  I actually didn't have any cash on me, so I didn't give her any money... She was pretty convincing, however. Nah, happens everywhere. There was a guy in Minneapolis we called Cracked Jack who always needed gas for his car which was stuck somewhere near by. He'd cuss you out whether you gave him money or not, so eventually we just ignored him or called the cops when he was being to confrontational.  I've met those Ikea parking lot guys, too. Luckily they didn't give me a hard time because I had no idea what was really happening there until they drove away. I had Swedish meatballs on the brain... my guard was down. lol... Me and my friends were approached by a guy asking this about 12 years ago.

My friend, without missing a beat, said Islam! The guy was legitimately thrown off by the quick wit of my friend and look flustered and walked away.

Sorry I guess you had to be there, but it is one of the funniest things I have ever seen. They guy on the bike with a portable standup comedy act? He's usually in Old City.  Wait, she left the door unlocked when she went to go get the owner of the house? Also there is a guy who shines shoes down in the historic area and around the Curtis center.  If I have a nice pair on I pay him for that. A few years ago I saw what appeared to be a large blanket-wielding homeless lady masturbating in a doorway on south street at 1am in the morning. She smelled very strongly of doritos and feet.

A friend witnessed the same thing and it came up at a party later. We named her flacid jones. Sharing a ride back home (we both lived nearby) the next day from the party, we saw her again... well smelled her first...

and then I noticed she was brushing her feet with a brillo pad outside jefferson hospital.

Flacid Jones. I only know part of your story and it's one of the best stories I know. Nah, just crappy stereos. jdemery is a first generation sentient electronic bank note being rolled out by the Treasury. Impossible to counterfeit, and if you try to do anything illegal with them they'll report you unless the treasury gets a cut.  I hate these people! This piece of shit lives...nevermind, no I'm raging. Need to find a pic of a kitten or something. Yea.... I'm not sure she even shut the door. Not saying it was a very skilled get.  crappy stereos that fell off the back of a truck. I mean a warehouse. I mean they're stolen.  It's been both ways. Often times it will just be empty shells of stereo parts filled with stuff to make them heavy, so they can even open the box to show you how sweet the $2500 system looks, that you can get for the awesome price of just $250, if you go to the ATM RIGHT NOW!! This happened to my roommate a few years back :-p [It ain't easy bein' green](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo8lJER9e08) http://i.imgur.com/JCyJw.jpg successful 