Woman in Wheelchair Locked Out of Supermarket  This is absolutely a violation of the ADA.  It is functionally the same as blocking a fire exit with a dumpster. L&I is over worked and understaffed, and if it's true that they were caught before, I can almost guarantee the store was paying the inspector off.  

First time gets a warning if the inspector is feeling kind. Second time would certainly get a fine. Third time could result in shutting down the store and revoking its license. Doesn't matter how many carts are stolen, managers aren't going to risk their store closing down for all the carts in Philadelphia.  She just needs to go shopping with a friend with bolt cutters. Problem solved. It's the same deal at Shop N Bag at 43rd and Walnut. Seems to be a common trend. I wonder which is more expensive, replacing a few stolen carts or an ADA lawsuit. The store should install A magnetic gate with a close assist ,accessed with a special card which will be issued to all special needs customers ,should be cheaper than a lawsuit . ha. initially i thought she locked herself outside for the past 5 years....reading more of the article cleared things up. > "It’s very degrading. I should be able to come and go as I please,” she said. "I shouldn’t have to stand out here and..." 

I loled. all i gotta say is: sucks for you. boycott the place, don't use the store, even protest on public property, but it should be up to business owners if they want to service handicapped people who cares ??? Why can't they just give her a key For that particular location, they would lose an entire fleet in a week, I'm sure. Not to mention stray carts all over Spruce Hill, the price of shopping carts is typically more expensive than you may think - I know I was pretty surprised.  Yeah but then you have to think about customers trying to get in for the first time without a card. Happens all over again.  Lets not make it harder than it has to be, how about a sign with a phone number to the security guard on duty, since everyone and their mothers have cell phones. This is against the law. Not a lawyer but I believe you are incorrect, you cannot hinder a person from going. Just as you cannot keep a blind person out if they have a dog,


As a human being I agree, but the law doesn't always follow common sense, the worlds greatest super power Who cares about what? The fact the woman was chained up like a dog and unable to move or the fact we have laws protecting the disabled in this country? They could, but then they would have to give everyone in a wheelchair a key. Or they could just leave it open These places all have security guards by the door, so couldn't they just watch for stolen carts?  Seems like the easiest solution. They sell auto-locking shopping carts. Any Target cart will lock its wheels if taken beyond the parking lot. > The fact the woman was chained up like a dog 


wat Well technically she could move plenty. Just not into the store  [That would be ideal.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X95o53Gepmg) I died when he said "it's not like I'm stealing I spend the money back here on stuff like cat food". 