Legalities of running a *free* bus service What are the legalities of purchasing a surplus school bus that is wheelchair accessible, and using it to take low income and disabled residents into the suburbs to do their shopping? We assume some sort of non-profit will need to be formed.

Asking for a friend.

 You should ask a lawyer if you want to know the legalities of something. I have a friend who founded the [Detroit Bus Company](https://thedetroitbus.com/) that shuttles kids in Detroit to after-school programs for free. They rent the buses for tours or late night party buses to pay for the cost. The laws are different between here and Detroit, but I am sure it's doable. I believe their largest cost was insurance for the buses and company. Second to that is initial repair, upkeep on the buses, finding and paying good drivers. Probably mostly insurance and making sure you have the right driver's license at this point, since with rideshares running the laws for livery drivers having to be properly licensed are pretty much out the window. I think they are more concerned about legality, as in, is there some ordinance that would make it unlawful to solicit residents to circumvent city taxes.

Some kind of tarriff that could be brought on the operator, ect. Suburbs, good call, they can save on soda tax. They also have repair and maintenance of the vehicle taken care of as well, as they are a state certified heavy vehicle mechanic. So that's something.

Perhaps it's just a matter of securing a vehicle, and shopping for insurance? They might be able to classify it as a shuttling service. Insurance will still be high though. My friend already has the driver license issue taken care of, just not the vehicle.

They were tossing around the idea of perhaps finding a church interested in loaning out their bus for this. Who said anything about circumventing taxes?

I think my friend just wants to offer the disadvantaged an opportunity to go shopping. They also might want to speak to a lawyer about what licenses that might be required and the laws around operating the business.  
*Not a bunch of ding dongs on the interweb* Yeah, or a focus on disabled riders may get them classified as paratransit. If so, insurance costs will be ridiculous.  Yep. Access to affordable quality foods in the city is an actual problem. It's a short-term fix, but not a bad idea. True, the disadvantaged need soda tax savings even more than anybody else. Just throwing it out there for my friend, my man. I'm pretty sure he is also looking into this on his own.

There's lawyers and stuff on these here boards... Yes, there are 'lawyers' on this board, but any good lawyer does not give advice for free, or cheap..especially in public view over the internet. 

This is not the best move for this prospective business...first reddit post should have been after this business venture was formed showing it off to the world.  Are you a lawyer? 