Needs some advice on real estate My mother is trying to sell her house and buy another that is more sutable for me because I'm disabled. Our current home, needs some work of approx 40k (we live pay check to pay check atm). The houses in our neighborhood are approx 140k to 200k depending on condition (our house is one if the biggest in the neighborhood). 

Anyways, some guy is offering us 86k for the house, and I think it's a complete rip off, but my mother thinks otherwise. A house down the street with 900 sq feet (ours is 1780) is going for 140k and it looks run down from outside. 

Should we fix the house a little buy using the current equity and fix it up? Take a gamble with the buyer? If anyone is wondering, I'm wheelchair bound from a stroke and have tunnel vision from a tumor that had an infarction from the stroke.

P.S. if it matters Zillow says Zestimate®: $189,230

I have no idea where they get that number lol The cash buyers like wholesalers, OfferPad, and Open Door generally pay well under market value.  They have to make money and it generally comes out of your equity.  The benefit of them is that it is an instant sale for you.  However, I've seen offers $25-30k below market value. That's a lot left on the table. 

In general, you are best to do one of town things:

Sell it as-is on MLS.  You'll open it up to the highest possible audience and amount.

Fix it up and resell it.  This would be dependent on getting a line of credit.  If you are paycheck to paycheck, a bank may have a hard time approving it.  Then you also have to pay the interest on the amount.  You may be able to end up with more money at closing but it is higher risk. 

*edited to add- there is a serious lack of inventory right now.  I think you could do a heck of a lot better than $86k for any home now assuming it doesn't have to be torn down and rebuilt.  If someone is going to buy your house needing a lot of work they're going to factor in several things. Most likely anyone buying a distressed home is planning to flip it. 

1. The amount of work the house needs to make it saleable at a good market price. If you say $40k then I assume the house needs flooring, kitchen, bathrooms, paint, and misc. repairs. If you need updated windows, AC, or other things buyers will want then the price might be even higher. That 40 could easily turn to 50-60. 

2. Cost of sale. There will be capital gains tax, real estate agent commission, inevitable buyer concessions and haggling. Cost of sale is usually 10%-15%. 

3. Repay hard money lenders. If someone can't float the cost of home or renos they are probably borrowing money at a 5%-7% rate. This could cost a couple thousand dollars. 

4. Room for profit. No one is going to do this without being able to make some money. A 10% profit is about the lowest someone wants to stomach. 

So if you say the house is worth as much as $200k then do the math. 15% cost of sale drops you down to $170k. Take out the $60k reno cost (I used your highest price estimate so I'm going to use the biggest renovation number too) and you're at $110k. Take out the cost of purchase $86k that leaves $24k. 

So that $24k needs to probably repay a hard money lender and cover a profit. Of course all this is assuming the buyer paid full price and asked for zero concessions which is lol not going to happen.  

Hope that helps you. Some times you just have to step back and do the math.  Those posters above are pretty good. 

I used to go to real estate meetings in Phoenix, but got lazy and did multi family.

You will be challenged to repair it yourself, paying the contractor and reviewing his work.  Major stress.  And will take longer and cost more than you originally project.  Prepare to argue.

I am sorry I don't have a reference for a contractor I trust at the moment for your house.  But, then you should get 2 more bids at least, and choose the best fit, not cheapest.  

Now is a great time to sell, so if you can hold off "mom" (hell for me), size up your numbers, and shop the "house flippers," is my thought.  They ALL can close quick, all have cash, all have smile smile.  Get the one that pays you the most so you can smile.  Time is on your side, inventory is low and NOT going up.

Living in a rehab is not fun or additional costs, as is living in a house for sale; people come at all times and kitchen and bathroom need to be cleaned.  More food for thought.  

I applaud you for reaching out, and getting great advice.   Hi. I’m a realtor and would be happy to provide you with a market Value report so you can make an educated decision. 

Also, I have automated valuation tool that can send you an instant report. Phoenix-Metro com  lol that is very helpful, I will let my mom know about that. 

Thank you so much for the info, and I will be sure to get that rolling. :) Wow #1 is like dead on lol.  Wow that is an eye opener. Thank you for the advice! Yah the repair is impossible since my dad isn't here. And we've already tried getting someone to fix our hot water problem and he failed (-$300).  Really? That's great! Someone told us to pay for someone to evaluate our house for the value, is that the same thing? Don't sell at $89k. You should be getting $155k minimum. We use the same data. We just can’t certify it like an appraiser does.  Would you pay full price for a car that needs a new engine? Thank you :) Awesome! I will do as much as we can to clean up the place and if you don't mind can I message you in the future? Unless it doesn't matter and you can do it now as it looks like a slum lol. Sellers have to weigh their immediate needs just as buyers compare a property's potential I’ll message you.  