That’s not a parking space, you jagoffs  Tonight on Channel 4 Action News:  Just how easy is it for someone with a physical disability to navigate the city?  Tune in at 11 for Douche Newton's report. Any chance Pittsburgh parking can give them a ticket? While I do love living here... anything to do with getting around this city/parking \-\-whatever\-\- is a total nightmare compared to other places I've lived. This illustrates a lot of that frustration. Gotta be on the ready for another naked guy If I fits, I sits I'd be tempted to walk up to the back, climb the ladder, then tromp down the front.  

I wouldn't *do* it, but I'd be tempted. What was going on at Ft Pitt Blvd that was so important that they said Fuck It, we're going to park here? TBH, i'd rather they park there than in the lane of traffic My bus is actually at this light right now, and they’re gone already. I’d have definitely considered calling that in though if they weren’t.  The crossing guard for Brookline Elementary will sometimes park her car on the sidewalk. The kids then walk onto the street to go around her car then go back on the sidewalk and then continue to the crosswalk. Sadly the crossing guard doesn't see the stupidity of what she is doing. Waiting for Naked Jogger to pass by It's one word - "yajagoffs" NEW IDEA. I didnt notice it was a news truck. In that case, id go around it in my wheelchair and when I get to the front by the wires, fall out of my chair and make sure it gets on the news. Then get a good lawyer and cash out. If it’s Ashley Daugherty she can park anywhere she wants ;)  They're just looking at the brightside. As my good friend /u/panthera_tigress once drunkenly screamed at the TV: "GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER, ACTION NEWS 4!" "This seems like a reasonable place to park."

~Hunter S. Thompson Freedom of the press Kick the shit out of it. Easy does it.  hey, anyplace you turn on your hazards is a parking space. [Yinz Can’t Park](http://yinzcantpark.tumblr.com/) Call Marty Griffin to complain about competing news trucks blocking the sidewalk? Holy shit.  As a wheelchair user, this is just downright offensive. Were their 4-ways on? Because when you turn your 4-ways on, anything is a parking space. ~no rules~ I work in TV news and do this shit all the time. Obviously it bothers people, but driving those ENG trucks is a bitch, and parking them is even more of one.  

To further add to your frustration, I’ve never gotten a parking ticket or any sort.  Is it not jack-offs?  [deleted] looks like a parking spot, lol Hey I work a block away from there! go along penn downtown no wheelchairs can get by because of outside seating. the worst offender is Ten Penny which makes not sense to have outdoor seating when their entire resturant has sliding doors. Ten Penny basically makes the corner unusable  Douche Newton, not to be confused with Turd Ferguson.. Nah, got to send in the Philadelphia Parking Authority. They are so bad, a reality show was created for them.  If you see something like this you can call the parking authority who will come and ticket them.  (in theory) They wouldn't care. Cost of doing business. This is what you get when your city was built up before it was "expected" that every adult had their own car.  Cities were necessarily denser so that people could get around by walking and streets were narrower to allow for the density and because wide streets were less necessary.  Even as it is, 8% of the land in the city is taken up with streets. I think there was a wreck in that area last night and the live shot on the 6am news was from there.  They had another couple of people and a camera set up just off the trail behind the First Ave parking garage. They were sitting on a bench drinking coffee when we went past. Pride in the Streets was today, so maybe they were getting coffee beforehand. Unless you're handicapped.  They were there for at least an hour. We showed up to go running at about quarter after 5 (that’s my car in the background parked on Smithfield) and after an hour of running on the trails I shot that photo on the way back to the car. 

Totally inexcusable IMO. They blocked almost the entire path, but I guess parking on sidewalks is just how we do it in Pittsburgh.   [deleted] just checked out her instagram

nice. I'm coming out of my cage and I've been doing just fine Do you have any idea how disrespectful this is? I don't care how tough it is on you driving those vehicles. Stay the fuck off the sidewalks.  Nope, it's "jagoff". A regionalism unique to Pittsburgh, like "yinz".

More info [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jagoff). Get out of here philly boy.  Not in Pittsburgh. For those dahntahn jagoffs, yinz better get Marty! [Dat's why you put a G in it, it's nicer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J60uj1VQGvw).
 Nope, instead they parked in a combined bike and pedestrian path that is a major route into the city for those not in cars, while there was free and legal parking less than 50 feet away. 

It’s not a major issue in the grand scheme of things but is a symptom of a larger problem.  Complain to 311. Ten Penny's sidewalk cafe permit (through Traffic Division of DPW) application probably used the curb for their dimensioning rather than noting [the obstruction by the pole.](https://www.google.com/maps/@40.4444326,-79.9956576,3a,30.9y,194.78h,80.32t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sWzdZpyQ-0SRTm7S7ffub0g!2e0!7i13312!8i6656) This shouldn't have been approved:

>A 5-foot minimum **unobstructed** pedestrian
passageway must be provided between the curb and
the cafe.

[§ 416.21 - SIDEWALK CAFE SITE PLAN.](https://library.municode.com/pa/pittsburgh/codes/code_of_ordinances?nodeId=COOR_TITFOURPUPLPR_ARTIPURI-W_CH416OB_S416.21SICASIPL) All of Penn Ave pisses me off.  I get what they’re trying to do but this city probably isn’t big enough for that or they need to try it somewhere else that has more room.   Thats a funny name.  Oh Garfield  Uh that’s one of my favorite shows so don’t even talk shit. Also, run by the state because of corruption concerns in the past. They keep all of (or nearly all) the money they collect that’s supposed to go to Philly (schools, IIRC). The state is effectively embezzling Philadelphia’s ticket revenue. I want to see them get their van towed rather than merely ticketed.  That _would_ hurt their business. Pittsburgh is everyone's very first game of SimCity. You just start building out from an interesting looking point on the map without really understanding the rules, the likely consequences, or what technologies are going to come next. im handicapped, looks fine to me true, and thankfully they left enough room on either side to keep handicapped people off the road while they shame the driver into moving Nah, fuck that. I’d have called it in or at least been a dick and folded in their mirror as I walked past.  You're too stupid to hold a job, you've never had bosses I’m not trying to justify what this guy is doing.. I’m just saying that it’s a pretty common occurrence. Granted, I don’t live in PA anymore, I live in a much smaller city where this isn’t an issue.  I'm from even further afield than that. I'm from Sheffield in the UK. Apologies for questioning your language.  Can confirm. I use Smithfield to bike to work.  Thank you for pointing me to this ordinance.  There are a few others that I wish to complain about. Not disrespect meant for the show, but the PPA can suck it! Pittsburgh is a dream compared to lots of other older cities.  The people complaining have clearly never spent significant time in any of the older cities on the east coast.  And to think, Pittsburgh has less than half the population it had in 1950.  Some cities have largely kept their population or even grown in population since then.  Imagine putting even twice as many cars on our roads. Thats a feature, not a bug. Pittsburgh's urban plan is much more livable than newer cities which were designed around cars.   
&nbsp;  
You can build cities for human beings or you can build them for automobiles, but you can't adequately serve both.  With the placement of the lamppost and those planters they did not leave enough room for a wheelchair to pass. He meant physically.  [deleted] [deleted] Strange username Ah, I saw the username and assumed Philadelphia so I had to give you a bit of a ribbing.

The correct term in the rest of the country *is* jack-off but in Pittsburgh it's shortened to jagoff.

EDIT- TIL there's a Wikipedia page for jagoff and it actually is a completely different word from jack-off. I've only lived here 10 1/2 years. Looks like you have an exciting weekend ahead of you. Which PPA though? Oh I agree.  Still an amazing bit of entertainment.  i must be too easy going, id just go around the left of the van in my chair Not with *that* attitude! You’re arguing with a handicapped person about what’s acceptable or not to handicapped people?  Time to take a break, bud. Mentally  There isn’t a crosswalk to go to the other side of the street there AND it’s a shared bike/pedestrian sidewalk along the Smithfield Bridge because it’s such a busy road. It’s a high traffic sidewalk too, it’s not like it’s somewhere that people never go. 

For someone one a bike or who is disabled or even if there’s more than just a couple people, that’s forcing folks out onto the street at a busy intersection. It’s unsafe. 

Also, it’s just an asshole thing to do. Let me park my car blocking a lane or more of vehicle traffic, see how people react. But I guess they shouldn’t be upset just because they’ve been inconvenienced.  It's based on my name.  It takes all of 5 minutes to file a ticket with 311.  It's difficult enough to be a pedestrian in this city without others actively making it more difficult.  I knew that there were permits that people could get for "sidewalk cafes" and figured that they must be just more permissive than I desired.  After reading the ordinance, I realize that while the ordinance is more permissive than I think reasonable, there are businesses that aren't even complying with that so yes I'm going to spend the 10 minutes to submit the complaints. Sorry I live near Philly and they are the PPA to me.  [deleted] [OK!](https://images.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3A%2F%2Fa.abcnews.com%2Fimages%2FEntertainment%2Fht_ned_flanders_ll_120416_wmain.jpg&f=1) I bitch about that, too. Don’t worry. I mean, there’s literally on street parking on Ft Pitt Blvd they could have used.  