Grad student looking for wheelchair accessible apartment Hi guys, 

I'm going to be attending U Pitt in the fall as a grad student and I'm looking for wheelchair accessible housing. It's pretty tough to find anything accessible because Pitt wasn't built recently and most buildings have only been updated as necessary. I've only found a couple that I think could work, judging from pictures. 

I guess I'm asking if any of you have any ideas, live in what you think could be accessible, etc. I'm grasping at straws, so any input would be helpful!!

Thanks You can probably get some assistance from the Disability office.  This is a request for housing within the university but even if you're off campus they should be able to provide you some assistance:

http://www.studentaffairs.pitt.edu/drshousing Hi! Hope this will help! There is a girl who lives in my apartment who is in a wheelchair, so it should be good for others as well. It's the Royal York apartment building in North Oakland. Both the front and garage entrances are wheelchair accessible and lead easily to an elevator. 

 >I'm going to be attending U Pitt

[Just a heads up.](http://i.imgur.com/tL66i.png) I'm sure part of the problem you're running into is that much of the housing near pitt is converted houses rather than traditional complexes, yes? 

I think a really good place to start would be to call some of the property management companies in town that have properties close by and ask about their accessible buildings.  I'm hoping somebody else will piggyback this thread and name some, because the only one that I can think of is Mozart management.

Also, please forgive me if this question is inconsiderate, but I don't know how close exactly you need to be to Pitt. I know there are "newer" accessible buildings in Shadyside and Squirrel Hill if you're willing to not be in Oakland directly. I'm 99% sure there's a larger complex that's new enough to be accessible right on Fifth Avenue and Shady (though I do not know the name) that would also be directly by a bus stop (obviously the busses are ADA compliant) and maybe a 15 or 20 minute ride to campus. Also check with Fair Housing, Strip District. http://www.pittsburghfairhousing.org/default.asp What's your budget? I live in an apartment in Squirrel Hill at Forbes and Shady that is definitely wheelchair accessible because it's approx. 80% retired+ aged folks. We have a ramp to the front door + elevators that go to every floor. But it is pricey. Bus stop is right out front which is super convenient. FWIW I'm also a grad student at Pitt. Oak Hill Apartments is handicap accessible! There are studios - + there, but the apartment complexes are all ground floor and have elevators. It's up off of Terrace St. in Oakland.  Check out Sterling Land Company. Particularly the New King Edward/King Edward. I live there and it is pricier, but completely accessible and the apartments are huge. It's honestly sort of out of my price range, but I ended up here because they're one of the few places that allows cats (no dogs, though) that aren't slumlords. I think they're a great management company, the building is really well kept up, they're all really nice and friendly, the maintenance guys are awesome, and it's near both Pitt and CMU in Oakland. Call soon, though, because the apartments go quickly, and I see them showing people around multiple times a day. I took mine the day they showed it to me. 

They also manage The Royal York (which is further away from Pitt, but still Oakland) and I think a few other properties. My only complaint would be that they raise rent every year, but meh, I guess most places do that.  May I ask what your vehicle situation is? I hope this isn't inconsiderate but I know some manufacturers make some fancy wheelchair friendly cars where you can drive without foot pedals. (Also hand shifters are fun vroom vroom) If so, you might be better off looking in the suburbs. I wouldn't suggest bussing from the suburbs though. I live in the north hills and I looked up how long it would take to get to the city if my car broke down, and its like over and hour and more expensive than the gas to get there.

And/or you could be my HOV buddy! I think centre ave apartments have elevators and a ramp access. Its right on Centre ave, close to campus, and the apts aren't too shabby. 

Edit: the name of the apt building is Centre Court Apartments.  Only downside to Royal York is that the laundry room is not accessible by the main elevators, rather by a set of very narrow stairs. Do they take the freight elevator? Oooh, sorry, I should have listed who I've already talked to. I figured my best bet would be a complex since they tend to be newer. Mozart told me one of their buildings was questionably accessible out of all of them. Forbes, Lobos, Steiner, union, etc have all said they have nothing. I'm pretty sure I've hit the majority of the management companies, which is why I thought there might be some smaller ones that people would know about. 

I would actually prefer to live in Shadyside or Squirrel Hill, I don't mind busing. I will look into the ones on fifth and shady! Thanks! Fifth and Shady is probably Royal Gardens (Colebrook management). Pretty new, yes, but not wheelchair accessible. Can't even get into the courtyard area without some steps or going on the grass. Used to live there. Otherwise great apartments and great landlord, 10/10 would recommend My buddy who needed handicap accessible living lived in the strip.... but then again the crazy bastard also took the Armstrong tunnel to the south side like 3 times a week in his motorized chair so he might be some next level kind of handicap fellow Also, feel free to PM me if you have any questions. I've been living here since 2012 and have a pretty good feel for how they respond to things/requests, treat tenants and the building, etc. Happy to help if I can.  I lived there, and the front entrance is not wheelchair accessible, as there are [stairs](https://www.google.com/maps/@40.452849,-79.948926,3a,75y,150.36h,78.8t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1s6J0U3gpooBpsretAsNuclg!2e0) leading to the sidewalk.  There's a back entrance which may be wheelchair accessible from the driveway, but I can't quite remember.

Note that they're a Lobos Management property, which has a terrible reputation.  I never really had any issues with them personally, but I think I'm relatively easy to satisfy.

Edit: Just saw that you said Lobos said they have nothing wheelchair accessible, so I really doubt the back entrance is then. Thanks, I'll check!!  I live right next to them I'm Hampshire Hall, they look nice! Can I just say that I'm horribly embarrassed for our city right now that this is such a challenge?  Lobos isn't so hot when it comes to service, so I would try not to rent from them. There's also Rockwel and Walnut that I can think of.  You could try Walnut Capital too See comment here about fifth/shady: http://www.reddit.com/r/pittsburgh/comments/366v07/grad_student_looking_for_wheelchair_accessible/crbko1y

I know that the compoany (Colebrook management) has other properties, so it may be worthwhile to give them a call. Most of the housing students go for haven't been updated in quite stone time 