Let's Get Weird: Art All Night is Happening April 29  Also: I'm on the planning committee for this, so if you have questions, I'm your girl! Yesssssss, I love Art All Night! Can't wait. Should be renamed Fart All Night after last year. I'm convinced people were just purposely crop-dusting the entire warehouse. I think I'll finally be able to go to this one! Yay! i really don't want to offend here but there are definitely some characters at this event, which makes it pretty fun. kind of felt like the crowd at a Halloween corn maze. definitely not your standard new l'ville crowd. So good every year I'm new to Pittsburgh does anyone want to be friends and meet up at this?!!! :):) So, without doing any research, what is this about? Quick question: Is there a confirmation that gets sent to musicians who have signed up for a time slot? What's that process?  Is the event wheelchair accessible? Are there stairs? There's no accessibility information on the website. Performance fart. shitty art is still art.
 Come for the art, stay for the people watching. Pro tip: the best people watching happens between 11pm and 4am. I stalked your reddit and I am also a redhead with a black cat who loves Halloween costumes. I'm volunteering all night so depending on the time I probably won't be able to hang out with you the whole time, but I'd be happy to show you and whatever squad you might assemble the sights! Feel free to message me or comment here! Short answer: an annual art event that literally goes all night from saturday til sunday afternoon. Anyone can submit one piece of art and everything is displayed for the public to view (and silently bid on if they want) completely free. There's also multiple music stages, a comedy stage, a unique photobooth, a video lounge, childrens activities including a cardboard city, a bar, live giant paintings you can bid on in an auction on sunday, and lots of surprises and late night madness. In summary, it's awesome. Yes, they always get a confirmation. I believe the lineup is solidified by now so everyone should have received their confirmation emails. I'm not on the music committee but I know there were a LOT of bands interested this year so I don't think we were able to include everyone.  Update: I double checked and there is a ramp and once up the ramp everything is on one floor. I'm not sure if the ramp is ADA compliant- it may be slightly steeper. We try to get an accessible porta potty every year but one hasn't been confirmed yet so I can't 100% guarantee there will be one. Sorry about that: I'll update the web team. Yes, it is wheelchair accessible. There are stairs and a ramp. During years when a ramp isn't already at the location, we always build one. Haha I don't post on Reddit much but that pretty accurately describes me.  What part will you be volunteering at?  Thanks!!! I really appreciate you checking. All the parts lol. I'm on the planning committee so I'll be running around and doing a bit of everything. I'm going to be doing a mosaic for awhile too, so I should be in that section (far back left corner of the warehouse) for a good portion! No problem! I have more good news: there will definitely be an accessible port-a-potty (as well as a bunch on non-accessible--these will all be outside together). 