Portland to Vancouver without using freeway? I really want to buy a motor scooter to commute to work.  Is there an alternative way to cross into Vancouver besides i205 or i5? Build a jump and practice your ass off.  Nope, not unless you go all the way to Cascade locks. Have you considered the weather on a scooter around here? How about just getting a motorcycle? They're safer and 6447 times more fun! ITT: Crushed dreams Canoe? No Not without going 40 miles out of your way - 80 miles added to trip total. not really practical, you could go up to Rainier and Longview and the down to Vancouver.  About a 2 hour trip each way Unless you are allowed to use the scooter on the bike paths they have for both bridges, then the answer is no.  The 205 Bridge lane is wide enough, people have gotten small cars on it (by accident) before, but I don't know if it is legal. You could just get a Hoverround or a Rascal and hype up the batteries or something so you can just whiz by all the piss pedalers in the bike lane. You could even pimp it out with a CB, a whip antenna and some sort of basket lashed onto the old ape hangers. Sure. Here you go:

http://tinyurl.com/pxm8bw4

An alternate:

http://tinyurl.com/m3nwaok As long as it's a scooter small enough that you don't need a motorcycle endorsement to ride it (sub 25mph, 49cc off the top of my head?), you can take it over the I-205 bike path. That being said, it's probably not the best idea. Boat? Yup - gotta Jump the Springfield Gorge in order to get to Shelbyville without taking the Expy. 6446 times more fun. Get it right. Geez. Boat responses were expected.  Too bad that bridge is out of the way I just pictured the animation from Oregon trail where the wagon falls apart while crossing a river and chortled a bit. [deleted] Sorry bro, the path is "no motorized vehicles", and that means methed out sketchballs on gas engine bikes are not allowed, regardless of what you've seen. You realize you would still have to take a freeway to get there (I84).  > I just pictured the animation from Oregon trail where the wagon falls apart while crossing a river and chortled a bit.

You have died of dysentery crossing the Columbia by scooter.  With a little mid 90s Honda Scooter on the top of the raft.  Incorrect, the path is "no motorized vehicles". I bet you could take an electric wheelchair on there and people wouldn't be dickhole enough to complain. Sorry, but see ORS 814.510 thru 536. Bike paths and lanes are the *only* place that scooters in this speed class are allowed to operate if the speed limit is higher than 25mph.

>814.514 Failure of operator of motor assisted scooter to use bicycle lane or path; exception; penalty. (1) Except as provided in subsection (2) of this section, a person commits the offense of failure of a motor assisted scooter operator to use a bicycle lane or bicycle path if the person operates a motor assisted scooter on any portion of a roadway that is not a bicycle lane or bicycle path when a bicycle lane or bicycle path is adjacent to or near the roadway. Naw, you could take the old Columbia River highway, which, incidentally, is an awesome road to ride on. A bicycle that cannot go faster than 25 mph on flat land is not considered motorized. It's an "assisted bicycle".

[ORS 814.405](http://www.oregonlaws.org/ors/814.405) I think that would be a "mobility device" and not a vehicle.

It's obnoxious to get buzzed by weavy toothless assholes at 30mph, blowing two-stroke exhaust all over the place and making a racket. Wheelchairs are slow and almost silent. >ORS 814.550 Application of vehicle laws to electric personal assistive mobility device. (1) An electric personal assistive mobility device is not a motor vehicle for purposes of the Oregon Vehicle Code, except when specifically provided by statute. Irrelevant. That statute just says you should use a bike lane or path  (if one is available) rather than the regular automobile lane.

The 205 path specifically bans motorized vehicles. I don't think the old highway goes all the way to the bridge.  That's specifically written to apply to electric bikes, not gas engines tacked onto a bike.

Different beast. And the 205 path specifically bans motorized vehicles. Oh yeah, you're right. Mobility devices are allowed in bike lanes. That's why OP should get a hyped up hoverround or a Ryno! Google that one, they're awesome and more dorky than a segway (which I didn't think was possible) [deleted] Firstly, I never mentioned fuel source. Secondly, I forgot that Washington probably has different regulations. What more is there to add? Electric wheelchairs aren't motor vehicles under ORS. Thus, clearly allowed on the bike path, regardless of if anyone is a 'dickhole' or how you interpret the signage.  You did not mention fuel but the law does. [deleted] Which is why I agreed with you and provided a source for it... 