Anyone used Uber WAV? Has anyone here used Uber WAV before? My grandfather just got home from the hospital a few days ago after a stroke on thanksgiving and is now wheelchair bound and missing getting out. 

He is going to be able to use the Trimet Lift buses but it would be nice to have other options as well. I know Uber has the wheelchair accessible vehicles, and as a frequent user of Uber myself, was wondering how WAV stacks up. I know it is cheaper than calling a wheelchair cab (by far), and can be called on demand rather than a day or more in advanced like most other services, which is a big bonus. 

So I ask, what have your wait times been like? What are the vehicles like? What are the benefits/disappointments of it over other services? Is it an okay service to use or do you prefer something else? My mom uses a chair and we started using Uber WAV a few months ago for occasional outings or appointments. We have no complaints.  

The wait time depends on where you live. I believe Uber has contracted out their WAV service to a company "SAFE DRIVE". We usually have the same driver, and he comes from around Lloyd Center, so for us it's usually 10-15 minutes for a pickup.  

I should say we always try to avoid traffic when planning outings or making appointments, so do take traffic congestion into account.  

The drivers are professional, and they know what they're doing when it comes to loading and unloading wheelchair passengers, at least that's been my experience. The vehicle we usually ride in is a converted, rear-loading Toyota Sierra minivan. There is a second row for passenger seating, along with the passenger seat upfront. I would guess they can fit 3 passengers plus the wheelchair passenger.   

The fares seem to be the same as when I've taken regular Uber. Which is amazing when one considers some of the local wheelchair accessible transport can cost upwards of $75 per trip.  
 I really appreciate the response! Exactly the feedback I was looking for, thanks. Quite welcome!  