How to improve powell Ok, so I've lived here my whole life. That whole time powell has not had sidewalks from about 122nd to 170th ish. Not sure the exact boundary is. There's no sidewalk, no center lane, it's just a shit show. Riding the bus and seeing wheelchairs being picked up in the mud, or seeing children forced to walk in the bike lane, it just angers me. My understanding is that since it's a highway that neither Portland or gresham will take responsibility or can. So is it up to the legislature? What needs to be done to improve this stretch for transit riders, motorists, pedestrians and bicyclists. Any ideas or where I can start to get something going? Being a highway means the city CAN'T deal with it alone.

Barbur Blvd has similar - the city put forward plans a while ago to make some big improvements *around* Barbur, that required certain changes on the street itself. Nope, state DOT wouldn't do squat to help. Step 1: abolish our fucked up system of city government and give the east side a voice

http://www.oregonlive.com/portland/index.ssf/2014/07/portland_power_axis_how_the_po.html I thought the recent transportation bill included money specifically for outer Powell.  Search for Outer Powell Safety [deleted] It makes a little sense in the grand scheme of things. When my family moved out there in 1990 (around Powell and 166th), there was still a FARM on the south side of Powell that turned into a mobile home community eventually. 

Gresham doesn't start til about 176th, and Gresham has sidewalks along Powell, so this isn't their issue.  Everyone's in here snarking, but ODOT actually has the [Outer Powell Transportation Safety Project](http://www.outerpowellsafety.org/) which is currently in the design and public comment phase. 

> When the Outer Powell Transportation Safety Project is finished, people will see and experience new roadway improvements including:
>
> - Crosswalks so people can cross the road safely
> - Sidewalks for pedestrians and people who use wheel chairs
> - Dedicated bicycle facilities for cyclists
> - Center turn lanes so that cars, buses and trucks can move through the corridor more safely and efficiently
> - Storm drains to keep water from pooling on the road when it rains
> - Lighting for improved visibility
> - Rapid Flash Beacons (which alert drivers that people are crossing the street with flashing lights) to increase safety at the busiest crosswalks
> - Improved signals for better safety and traffic flow at intersections

Several public meetings were held last year. You can still [submit a comment](http://www.outerpowellsafety.org/contact.php) on their site, and there should be additional public meetings in 2018.  Incoming boring ODOT rant:
Before ODOT can turn the road over to PBOT the road has to meet a certain level of stability and a certain level of amenity. As we have found on 82nd Ave...what we live with and what is acceptable to PBOT (the agency that would take responsibility for the road) are widely divergent. The estimated cost to repair 82nd to the minimum standard for transfer is $2 billion. The stretch of road you are concerned with is in as bad, and in some places even worse condition, than the bulk of 82nd (excluding south of Holgate). So you will not see ANY improvement outside of the existing measures on the books anytime soon. As you said, it's an ODOT street. ODOT's primary interest is getting freight through and therefore manages its lanes via freight throughput. 

There is a longer term goal, as far as I know, to get ODOT to transfer Powell to the city of Portland, but I'm not sure where that is. My guess is there's a lot of legal issues with the condition of Powell (the city has higher standards I believe than ODOT). Until then I wouldn't hold out hope for Powell improving. I'm just going to point out that it does have sidewalks when it gets to Gresham. Sidewalk starts at 174th.  My buddy has lived out there for 6 years or so, I've worked near there for 2 years. In that time, the only thing city of Portland has done is install crosswalk flashers and crossings, and they changed the street lights from orange to LED. Pothole filling is a stretch, as that whole area is fucked up. Portland doesn't give a shit past 82nd, less shit given past 205.

Should make a new town called Springwater. Make camping illegal, kick all the bums into downtown and show them what everyone has been dealing with on the real scale. 

Edit: It's pretty early, is it passed or past? Not sure why my head can't figure this out. But my understanding is it requires an actual bill from the Legislature, is that correct? I worked at the capitol last session and there was an entire bill dedicated to changing a sign on powell (inner eastside, so definitely portland), so I'm guessing it's the same story? I'm just trying to get some clarification on where to go, Gresham v Portland v ODOT v PBOT v legislature v ? Sounds like both Barbur and Powell need what ODOT calls "jurisdictional transfers" (JT) to go through before that can happen. I found a map on ODOT's FTP site awhile back that IIRC listed some of those roads to be turned back to the cities/counties they're in, likely to be exchanged for making Cornelius Pass Rd. a state highway between US-30 and the Sunset. Not sure what the status of that is -- I'll have to go digging into the recent Oregon Transportation Committee minutes to see if any JTs have been approved for ODOT Region 1. Barbur's getting rebuilt for the Max. I just double checked and that covers 122nd-136th. I checked Google maps and the lack of sidewalk continues to 174th, so there's still 40 some odd blocks that are unsafe. 
ETA http://www.outerpowellsafety.org I mean, I'm angry, but I'm not quite *there* yet. I'll put that in my back pocket though.  Gresham also successfully got ODOT to turn back control of Powell to them. Around Powell Buette?  Yeah I remember that mobile home park coming in as well.

East Portland has been underdeveloped forever. Yes but this is only for 122nd-136th, still ignoring the other 40 blocks.  If the state really cared and prioritized safety, fixing these stretches would be done before spending half a billion dollars on a highway project. A stretch of highway that while does see fender benders, isn't really a hot spot for more serious/fatal accidents. Yeah I was thinking gresham started at 162nd, but it is 174th. My apologies gresham.  The city doesn't control Powell. That would be ODOT.  ODOT controls that stretch of Powell. You need to target them and get like-minded people to do the same. Doesn't hurt to also reach out to the mayor who has expressed a desire for the city of Portland to gain control of all of Powell.  >  I worked at the capitol last session and there was an entire bill dedicated to changing a sign on powell (inner eastside, so definitely portland)

Oh god, is this the horrendous new bike crossing at SE 28th? That's such a poorly thought out decision. Everyone I know who previously used 26th has completely abandoned that section of road for alternate routes because the new option is so terrible. 🐐🐐🐐 past 136th is Gresham.  Different city, so they may not be onboard.  Yet. Sure. I'm just pointing out that OP mentioned Gresham, and it's not a Gresham area, so they have no responsibility for fixing the current state of affairs. Right. A girl that I went to school with, her grandma owned that property, and the big white house there.  Good point. Hopefully if this project is successful, they will continue improving the further out segments eventually.  I wish the border was more clear/straight in that area, I feel like Portland uses it as an excuse to not do more in far SE, people give Gresham a lot of crap but it seems the parts of Portland closest to Gresham are much worse than Gresham itself.

More pot holes, trashier looking apartments, I rarely see PPB, mostly Multnomah County. I believe it was the overhead sign going westbound for 17th Ave. The argument was that it made it look like a freeway off ramp and encouraged drivers to go through the neighborhood. It's Portland to 174th. There was an ODOT project for Powell from 102nd to 174th but maybe just part got funded? Hmm, maybe that was before the flyover? You definitely can't currently turn onto 17th or anything within 3 blocks of it going Westbound on Powell. Just before the underpass, there's a frontage street off to the right that leads to 17th Ave northbound Ah, gotcha. I only recently noticed the name of that road is "Powell Blvd Frontage Rd"... weird name. 