My favorite costumes and purchases from Wizard World Comic Con today  A buddy of mine saw Kylo Ren take his shirt off in the shower, and he said that Kylo Ren had an eight-pack. Jesus, is that guy really a quadruple amputee?


Edit: dude was there again today and had a different costume.  Hmm- I've been a pretty staunch supporter of Rose City over Wizard World but two different Mark Waid panels today?  Can't resist that.  Most importantly, did you see Shatner? I like the Gandalf, Crappy Movie Radagast(The movie version is crappy, not the costume), and Tapenga Hair Saruman. Stumps has a great sense of humor That pirate was dead accurate  Downvoted for no Deadpools That guy looks like he weighs 30 pounds soaking wet underneath that black dress Whatever you say Matt. He was super tall.  Here he is [with a normal Storm Trooper for scale](http://i.imgur.com/ylCtT0x.jpg). Yes.  I was there today as well, and he certainly had a lot of heads turning as he passed by.  It was certainly an eyecatching cosplay for what must be a horribly frustrating and limiting disability. Likewise Wizard World's $50 a day vs RCCC's $15 is pretty substantial.  Especially since you're basically paying just to go in and buy things. (Panels being the exception of course). No! It was BS. We walked by like 4 times but he was never there. Then we went home and saw him being interviewed at his stand on the news .  I saw him. Got an autograph, and saw his panel. It was awesomely bonkers.  They were super cool. They arrived early but kept posing for pictures (at the request of others) for so long that they ended up almost last in line to get in.  Don't worry, there were about 1000 Deadpools at the con.  Oh man- not to be crude but did he have like a support crew? Like an off camera wheelchair and someone helping him? I hope he dresses as the black night as well.  "It's just a flesh wound!" When I saw him, it was just him. I was actually worried if the conditions had been right that someone would trip over him. He was having a good time, he was posing for people and playing up his costume. 

 $40 for an autograph and $65 for a photo with the celebrities.  Prices were a little out of hand on some things but the local artists were pretty reasonable. Most were willing to haggle or give you deals on big purchases. Definitely, and my experience with WW is that it's more about funneling to the meet-and-greets and autograph booths.   If you paid $50 a day, you paid too much. 3-day weekend tickets were $80 total.  Bummer. The needs of the few I guess. I saw them Friday too. Definitely one of my favorites.  The first time I saw him, yes.  There were some people pushing an empty wheelchair a few feet behind him, but he was pretty mobile on his own.  I saw him a few more times around, but he seemed alone then.  I'm sure they were nearby though, just not as obvious. It was steep, but man I'm a huge Matt Smith fan. Glad I got his VIP. It was a once in a life time chance for me to meet him and say thanks. Doctor Who got me through a really nasty illness some years back.  The autograph prices were reasonable compared to bigger cons. But if that's not your thing, I can see how it wouldn't seem like a good deal. 

The local/independent artists definitely had good deals, though. I got 50% off a nice piece just for stopping by twice and chatting with the guy for a bit.  Yes but I don't have three days to give.   It's $45 online each day plus a $5 convenience fee. Wow- guy is a hell of a trooper.  Cannot be easy.  Of course my mind went instantly to [Prince Randian](https://youtu.be/66Pgw_nUlMw) and "Johnny Got His Gun" but wow, putting himself out there like that is damned impressive.  Ah, ok, that's more than in past years for Sunday, at least. Everyone I saw was going crazy over his costume. When i said "You look amazing man!" after snapping that photo he just moaned like a zombie haha I think it's awesome this guy is my hero 