Any filmmakers out there want to try a little online experiment with a lone screenwriter? Amateur screenwriter here, trying to find a "weekend film crew" I can collaborate/have fun with. Or a more serious film crew if you're interested, but I have the ol' 9 to 5.

Any interested crews just give me a brief bio on yourself/your crew/your films (if any) and:

1.) The genre/length of the film you're looking for (shorts are best, obviously, but in the future I'm willing to do a feature with That Special Film Crew.)

2.) Their "Rodriguez List" (i.e. You make a list of things you have access to like cool cars, apartments, horses, samurai swords and so on, and then the screenplay is written based on that list.) 

3.) Also, list any other "must-haves." For example, if you must have only three actors, or if you must have a dolly-counter zoom shot because you found a wheelchair in a dumpster and want to use it. Additionally, if you have a half-concieved idea, tell me and I'll build from there; it's easier to build a fire from embers than nothing at all.

4.) Lastly, a realistic deadline to write a script. I'm going to estimate a week for a first draft of a short from 5-15 pages. 

Then I'll send you whatever I come up with, and you can choose to film it, send me back rewrite notes, or just pass.

About me: 25 years old, been casually screenwriting for almost ten years. I've written five features (which means I've gotten a lot of the newbie crappiness out of my system) and a countless amount of shorts.

My main genres are lighthearted comedies/adventures. I also love sci-fi and hate manic pixie dreamgirls. I've read screenwriting books, taken screenwriting college courses. I was scriptreader for a film festival and a former editor-in-chief of a small online lit magazine, so I've read my fair share of crappy things.

I'm sick of studying screenwriting; I want to *do* it and do it on SOMEONE ELSE'S time. Because if I write on my own time nothing gets done. 

I'm posting here because I want to find a crew who is local, so if we wind up filming I can tag along and help. Or I could be the awkward screenwriter who loiters on the edge of production holding an empty clipboard and mouth-breathing. Your choice.

Any other screenwriters who want to volunteer for an assignment, feel free to speak up in the comments. Filmmakers, PM us your email address and your answers to the questions above, and let's make sweet, sweet footage. why would anyone in Portland downvote this??  