Stolen Wheelchair Some time between 4pm yesterday and noon today, someone stole my wheelchair off my front porch on Amherst in University Park. I'm functionally a paraplegic- I cannot leave my home without it.

I've already called the cops and UP's Public Safety department, as well as local wheelchair stores and pawn shops (the latter of whom basically told me where to stick it).

If anyone sees it, which I know is an astronomical fucking chance, please let me know. It's a silver TiLite ZRa with black cushions- basically, a small silver manual wheelchair.

Again, I know it's a long shot, but until it gets found I'm literally trapped in my own home. Hi there RinellaWasHere, my name is Nina Mehlhaf, reporter with KGW. You interested in channel 8 news viewers helping to find your wheelchair? You'd be surprised how fast it can happen when you get a photo in front of them. Email me with your contact info and let me know if you'd be up for a news story on what happened. That sucks, I'm sorry. nmehlhaf@kgw.com  -Nina The pawn shops told you off???? People are horrible. I'm so sorry. Bunch of fucking savages. If push comes to shove, give me a holler. I know some people and might be able to get you a replacement on the cheap (not stolen). Do you have anyone who could check out your neighborhood for you? Maybe some kids took it and ditched it nearby. I'm sorry this happened. [deleted] This is wheely awful. Wow, that's awful. I'll keep my eyes peeled. Do you have renter's insurance?  It might cover a replacement.  Or, possibly your parent's homeowner's insurance.  It is worth a shot, because being trapped is not cool.  I'm about 80% sure your renter's insurance would cover it under the personal property coverage.  (That is, assuming a wheelchair costs more than your deductible, which I think is probably true, but I don't know.) Hey, people asked me to make a donation page, so [here](https://www.youcaring.com/david-rinella-437103) it is.

If my chair is returned, which I hope it is, all of it goes to charity, because I really don't like money. Jesus Christ I was thinking of being charitable and offering to replace your wheelchair but I didnt realize how much they cost.  I might donate to your page though, but I'm generally iffy about contributing to strange internet campaigns Im not familiar with.

Either way whoever stole your chair is a piece of shit and I'm sorry that happened to you. Man, that's really awful.
I'm so sorry you have to deal with this. These companies apparently rent out wheelchairs 
http://www.shamrockmedical.com/shamrockmedical.com_036.htm
http://www.nwmedicalsolutions.com/rentals.cfm
until you hopefully get yours back. So sorry this awful thing happened to you. When my mom was in town, I rented her a wheelchair for $20.  When I get back in town tomorrow from my honeymoon, I'll rent you one and bring it. I've seen this posted around on social media already, so I'm glad your story is making the rounds. This is horrible and I'm sorry you're in this mess. It's nice to see the people rallying to support you though! I'll also keep my eyes and ears peeled. Keeping my eyes peeled as well. I'm off Willamette Blvd.  Sucks!. I hope you find it. [deleted] So like. How did you get from the front porch to your bedroom? Sent the email. Dude are you trying to sell him his wheelchair back?  My housemates already did a quick sweep.

Someone did claim responsibility on UP's Yik Yak- claimed I didn't really need it, mocked me, said it was in my old dorm there, but Public Safety can't search rooms without a warrant, so I don't know if it was even true or if some asshole was just fucking with me. 15326857 is the case number, and [this](http://i.imgur.com/D3HVPPF.jpg) is my best picture of it. I don't have any pictures of the chair by itself- never really figured I would need them. 10/10, would angrily chuckle again. Yeah, specialty WC's are really expensive. They are essentially each custom built for the person.  I just bought a sweet walker there today.  Shamrock Medical is amazing.  They are so friendly and helpful, and will service the equipment that you buy there for free forever. I just got a loaner from someone, actually, but thank you! I was thinking I lived in a safe neighborhood and that placing it out of street view would be enough. This is an object lesson in how wrong I was. Cane. I can do very short (<15ft) distances with it. Nice on KGW to get you on the 10 o'clock news.  At least having local news stations lurk /r/portland does some good once and a while. They're a jerk either way.  >Someone did claim responsibility on UP's Yik Yak- claimed I didn't really need it, mocked me

My mom has cerebral palsy and I had to deal with assholes freaking out on us because she uses the handicapped parking spaces and they think she didnt need it.  Whoever did this deserves to get hit by a bus. Public safety can't search rooms, but maybe an RA can?  Can you call campus housing or Res Life or whatever it is at UP?   Did they say specifically in which room? I find it hard to believe that P-Safe needs a warrant in all situations. Maybe you ought to suggest you smelled some marijuana in that room, if you catch my drift. That is so fucked up man, condolences. Idk if you have someone that could make a run to goodwill on 6th with/for you but I've seen wheelchairs there before (I actually bought one for fun when I was 19 and had it for like 3 years before re-donating it to the same goodwill lol). That could maybe be a short-term replacement until you get a new one sorted out? that's great to know.  Oh great!  I hope you find your original lighter chair!  > I lived in a safe neighborhood and that placing it out of street view would be enough.

Another UP student here.

Our neighborhood is not safe. N Harvard St. has craptons of shattered glass from multiple broken car windows- mine included. it is a safe neighborhood but there's a lot of property crime. check out portlandmaps.com Yeah, Portland is not safe. It's drug addicts errywhere. > Whoever did this deserves to get hit by a bus.  

Hey man, that's a bit drastic don't you think? I mean we wouldn't want to damage a perfectly good bus.  RAs can't go in without at warrant either. Basically, administration can't really do anything without a warrant. Isn't Marijuana legal now? I would just feel bad for the driver. They can go ask to be voluntarily let in. Police have a great way of doing this that makes it seem like you didn't make the choice.  Except it's their property and can go in whenever they want. Not at a prim and proper catholic school :( UP specifically sent out a memo to everyone after legalization stating they still wouldn't allow it. I had friends who were pretty severely punished for getting caught with weed on campus, up to at least one friend who was expelled entirely. 