My mother is coming to visit PDX for the first time -- I want to take her to see the city, but she's recovering from major knee surgery and can barely walk -- Help me think of things to do Obviously, plans have changed from when my mother initially booked her trip. As it stands she can walk (very slowly) with the aid of a walker. 

She's never been to Portland before, and I am at a loss as to where to take her. For example, I was going to take her to Pittock Mansion, but I imagine the tour involves lots of stairs.

I need ideas of what to do/where to go that either a) doesn't involve a lot of walking, or b) has wheel chairs that I can rent to push her around.

I've tried to get her to reschedule and she won't. I've tried to get her to agree to "just hanging out" and she doesn't want to do that. She's excited to see the city, and I was hoping you guys would know some handicapped friendly ways to do that.

Also, we were planning to go to Seattle for a day (she's never been there either), and I'm equally at a loss for what to do with her there. So any ideas on that front would also be helpful.

And, to further complicate things, she's traveling with my baby brother who is turning 13 this weekend -- so please keep suggestions limited to things that a 13 year can (and hopefully would want to) do. [deleted] You could get lunch at Portland City Grill. That way you get a great view of the city without the hiking. Also, Mt. Tabor is wheel-chair friendly, and 13 year old's may enjoy being on top of a volcano.  Maybe, https://www.mthoodrr.com/?

I've never been, but it looks fun! How about the zoo?  There's the zoo train and if they don't rent wheelchairs there you could rent a folding one from a medical supply place just for the weekend!  Classical Chinese garden, we take my mother in law there when she comes to visit as she has to use a walker.  Other places we've gone are the rose test garden. Smith and Bybee lake is a short trail but paved and walker capable. Powell's books is great if it's raining.  **BOAT RAMPS** I think there is an elevator in Pittock mansion, but I'm not positive.  Might want to give them a call and see. Fantastic idea, thank you! Especially since I didn't have a chance to take my brother out to the gorge when he visited last year, so it would be new for him as well.  Thank you for the suggestion, that's a great idea, and I've been having trouble coming up with restaurants to take them to. I was considering Mt. Tabor, but I don't actually own a wheelchair, and would be dependent on places having them available to rent of any serious amount of walking is involved. I've done that and it's lots of fun! Went with my mom that has knee problems too and she loved the scenery. The train stopped in a small town before turning back so you could walk around a little and visit some small shops. Although if it's going to be cold you might want to spring for tickets in one of the heated cars. I did it during the spring so ambient temp wasn't really an issue but right now it could be pretty chilly. Interesting, I'll look into it, thank you for the suggestion! Thank you for the suggestion, I was considering the zoo -- especially if we do end up going to Seattle because zoos/aquariums tend to have wheelchair rentals. 

I'm considering renting a wheelchair for the whole weekend, but I need to look into the cost first. And discuss it with my mother, as she can walk (though as I said, quite slowly), and is rather proud. All wonderful suggestions, thank you! I don't really know what this means.  Thanks for the suggestion! :) [deleted] I found this after a quick search. [Northwest Health & Safety - Rentals](http://nwhealthsafety.com/services/rentals-2/). An option if you need it.  Thanks for the tip! :) and yet, such fervor. Ha, yeah I doubt we'll get anything half as lovely as the weather we got last weekend, but I'm hoping it won't be too bad :) Thank you! 