There's a wheelchair/mobilitydevice friendly picnic table at the Rose City Food Park on NE Sandy  [This is a great set of carts](http://www.rosecityfoodpark.com/carts/). All the containers they give you are fully compostable. There are murals and a kids' play area and a bathroom and place to wash your hands and an ATM. But the (covered) picnic tables are what struck me. This picture shows the one that you could drive an ECV or wheelchair up to, and there's also a kid sized one.

Soup and sandwich wrappings are from Garcelon's - [www.garcelons.com](http://www.garcelons.com/). Looks tippable. Neat. There's one like this at Forest Park in Beaverton as well, installed after the recent remodel. I thought it was nice, so very cool to see more of them around. [deleted] Agree that's annoying: our GPS devices work much better with AN ADDRESS. 

The parking lot (west of the actual carts and behind the next establishment) was a welcome surprise. It has two driveways in and out; one of them even has a street light! (When you're emerging from this, if you didn't turn your wheel, you'd crash into the front of Cabezon across the way. The driveway lower down has a DEAD END sign on it.)

Didn't mean to go on about auto stuff; one of the carts has bicycle powered smoothies. << obligatory bicycle reference

I am a loyal fan of [Good Food Here](http://www.goodfoodherebelmont.com/) on Belmont - which also has SOME parking, although it's always full (last time I was there, they were re-doing the covered eating space, which formerly had a book swap) and doesn't give a street address on its web site either, just a cross street, but I have been looking for a second useful pod close to home.

I was sorry I couldn't try ALL of the carts on my first visit but that's a good problem to have. One of the carts is a micro brewery that is open Thursday Friday and Saturdays, starting in the afternoon (have forgotten details) and I'm sure lots of the other carts' food would be delicious with beer/wine. 

I am a person with almost no taste buds who hangs out with foodies, each of whom has interesting dietary restrictions and cooks their own amazing stuff and doesn't want to pay to eat something they could just as well make themselves and ... food carts are THE solution when these people want to lunch with me. Food carts are amazing for people with food allergies and restrictions.  However, I did not have great luck at that pod getting fed.  Can you recc any carts that were really easy to deal with for people with questions about the food? 