Police seek public's help in finding two custom-made tricycles stolen from a woman in wheelchair  [deleted] Yesterday, for about three hours, the bottle return area at the 39th and Powell Safeway was a mini-chop shop.   Frames and wheels were scattered about while skinny dudes smoking found cigarettes sorted out which bottles and cans would and wouldn't be accepted.   

Not sure what to do about that. I think they mean recumbent trikes.  So what the fuck, is wheelchair-related theft just going to be a running thing in this city now? > WHY THE FUCK ARE THEY NOT SETTING UP BAIT BIKES AND CAPTURING SOME OF THESE ASSHOLES?!

1. PPB has a staffing shortage and doesn't prioritize bike theft. They really don't prioritize theft at all, unless it's an automobile.

2. Even a felony theft charge is not enough to keep a serial bike thief off the streets - Multnomah County DAs also do not prioritize this.

3. Property and quality-of-life crimes are a low priority for this city's government.

4. Vigilante acts will get you stabbed or yourself arrested. Obviously, you should have found the nearest phone booth to change into your Bat Suit. >mini-chop shop

The entire Eastbank Esplanade is pretty much a gigantic chop shop - I saw at least a dozen bikes/frames under the I-5 area near the Burnside Bridge.

The only thing I know to do is never lock a bike nearby, don't go there and tell others to not go there, because the city doesn't care. Out of sight, out of mind.....

 What I don't get is why something that's so blatantly chop-shop-y (Just like the barge, Slabtown, and the whole Eastbank Esplanade.) doesn't merit just cause for making official contact.  It's infuriating, and I haven't even had a bike stolen in many many years.  Is there no remedy, or tipping point? There's one set up at 21st and Powell, right around the corner in an unused parking lot.

The guy has a nice little studio apartment tent set up and tons of bike parts all over.

It's just a running joke at this point, has it made it into Portlandia yet? Recumbent fixie tall trikes sorry  Yeah yeah, I get it. 

My main point to all of this is that you're not going to win over many people in Portland to fund a homeless camp or even build subsidized housing when we feel like we're helping people who'd rather steal from us.  What I meant to write was "three-wheelers." That's why it's easier to oppose all the proposed resources the city has trotted out lately. If they're not going going to go after bad behavior while at the same time offer resources, it'll just result in even more thieves, criminals, junkies, and gutter trash taking the place of those that were successfully helped. 