Why won’t the Governor let a douchy greaseball wander around his home?  Serious question: why the Holmburg hate? As usual, I'm not up to speed.  $250k!?! For a ramp?? Who the hell did they contract and how do I get hired?? Anyone in a wheelchair care to chime in? I'm not sure how to feel.  i kinda get where people are coming from, it is a pretty historic house and it'd be nice to know what's going on.

And it doesn't really belong to the governor anyway. No history was disturbed that day. I don't get why this is an issue. It's a wheelchair ramp. The governor isn't throwing plywood over the steps, not adding neon signs or totally changing the facade. It's just a wheelchair ramp, and a really nice one at that. 

I suspect this wouldn't be a big deal if Ms. Gilmore hadn't made a fuss about it. The only purpose her editorial served was to get the Gilmore name out there and attempt to save her husband's floundering presidential bid and to save face since this idea for handicap access is better and probably cheaper than hers. 

Now, you have that sensationalist turd Holmberg making it seem like it's a huge cover up with sinister implications. He even admits that the cost is "a pittance" compared to other renovations and offers no reasoning of why it's a problem, other than it's not fair they didn't give him full access when he asked. It's a wheelchair ramp for fucks sake.  Possibly the greatest conspiracy of my life. Douche  I enjoy Holmberg and always look forward to reading his takes or, even better, watching his stories.  Some find his antics and journalism style to be a little ridiculous. I think they're are a lot of unemployed journalism majors here because everyone is usually hyper-critical of the local news coverage. Granted it's pretty bad, but you get what you pay for, ya know?

I find Holmburg to be a lovable doofus. His unabashed idiocy is endearing and pretty representative of the complicated inferiority complex-boastful egotism balance that exists in Richmond.  For me my main personal experience with him was during Occupy, when I watched him pick out the people with facial piercings, tattoos, and crazy hair to interview, out of a sea of normal looking folks.  He knew what story he wanted to tell and what view he wanted to push before the cameras started rolling.  On a non-personal level, he said Eric Garner deserved to die and has said some other fucked up things that I'm a little bit amazed haven't torpedoed his career. He's not pretty on the eyes.  Dude loves hardcover punk though. I just find he comes across as very self impressed and self important. A legend in his own mind. However, I used to work in television and most on air personalities are like that. Big fish/Small pond. For me, it's the fact that he takes every opportunity to present this, "I'm Mark Holmberg, I wear flannel and ride a motorcycle," persona.  It's irksome and unprofessional. No kidding.  For that money, I'll stand out front and carry anyone in a wheelchair up the stairs.   The mansion has already undergone several renovations including a rather large one less than 20 years ago mentioned in the article. I get that there are standards that come along with these sorts of renovations, but it's not like the mansion has been sitting there for hundreds of years pristine and untouched.  I think he's a poor man's Charlie LeDuff. I'd like to do an AMA with Holmberg, but I don't want to do any work to actually put it together. i think he's pretty good, he doesn't use the generalized accent or wear cheap suits. His opinions are a little out there for my tastes but i still think he's a good journalist.

honestly he's a better journalist than almost anyone else in richmond. The faux-professionalism that most journalists try to put on is just so ungodly fake that it really detracts from the story.

but then again anybody who bucks the trends gets hate so I can see why people dislike him. > complicated inferiority complex-boastful egotism balance 

This should be the City's slogan.

I'd bumper that sticker so hard. I have thought about it before, but I imagined it going poorly for him (based on some pretty mean comments here), and would hate to see that happen.  > I think he's a poor man's Charlie LeDuff.

I say this CONSTANTLY.  He's Charlie LeDuff without the suit and the journalistic integrity. Ya, I think he really straddles the "so bad it's good" line pretty well. I'm 50-50 on his opinions, but I can't get mad at the guy because he never pretends to be an authority on a subject. Just an "every-man" with a bone to pick. It's funny. Like if you're goofy uncle with no filter at the dinner table was a news reporter.  Informed Consent to be roasted by anonymous strangers on the internet.  