Help a Fellow Californian! This is not for me, but rather for a family member of mine that lives in close to the Sacramento Area. Davis to be exact. 

I would ask that if you know her please do not say anything as she would be too embarrassed that someone would ask for for money on her behalf.  

My Aunt Natalie is currently in need of a wheelchair accessible van. I can assure you that this van will be primarily used for the good of others as it would allow her to continue volunteering and helping the residents of the Davis and Sacramento areas. 

Natalie suffers from multiple sclerosis which has left her both blind and in a wheelchair for the past 25+ years. Despite this debilitating condition she completed her JD at UC Davis School of Law and has as a public defender and legal advisor for the residents of your community for the past 20 years. In addition to her pro-bono work she is constantly volunteering and involved with multiple charities in the area helping out whoever and whenever she can. 

Unfortunately her MS has progressed and it is no longer possible for her to use a vehicle that is not specifically designed for a person in a wheelchair. As you can imagine these special vehicles are not cheap. She needs $50,000 to purchase a van that would allow her to continue her work of helping the Sacramento and Davis areas. 

[Here is the Link where you can donate](http://www.youcaring.com/help-a-neighbor/natalie-s-van/326571#.VTw5AUoamtx.mailto) 

Thank You. Try posting in /r/Assistance, too I would talk to the people at the local MS Society chapter. Link: http://www.nationalmssociety.org/Chapters/CAN

They're incredibly friendly and can either directly help her or they'll know of resources that might help with that. Have you contacted the UC Davis School of Law, or any groups affiliated with the school? The students and faculty would surely be interested in helping out.  I'm sure she has insurance at this point so in the meantime she could probably contact some of the medical transportation companies in the area.

I know there's a company takes even Medi-cal that's based in Davis.  GNT.  They took a friend's grandma to a surgery and a few post op appointments a while back and she raved at how friendly they were.  Best of all they took Partnership so nothing came out of pocket. This post hits me hard. I lost my grandmother in 2006 from MS. If you guys are still taking donations later this month I will donate. It won't be much but I know it's going to a good place.  Ok. Thanks for the suggestion.  Not yet. I'll make sure to contact them.  Thank you 