Visiting in September Going to be in Ogden for work for a week. Staying in Layton. Taking my wife and 3 year old son. What fun activities are there that might not be on the normal google searches. The weekend after were going todo Yellowstone.  Looking for something potentially nerdy (like the Pinball Museum in Vegas). Anything plane or space oriented?  We found some science museums and an aquarium. How about behind-the-scenes tours of theaters or water treatment plants? Go for a hike up in the Unitas! It's gorgeous. Check out antelope island or Adams canyon up in the mountains by Layton. There is a nickle Cade in Ogden. You may not even need to come to salt lake, Ogden has really developed lately.  You could do Discovery Gateway or The Leonardo. If you do head down to Salt Lake (and the surrounding suburbs), you could hit up the [Atomic Arcade](http://www.yelp.com/biz/atomic-arcade-holladay). They have a pre-production pong cabinet. 

Edit: you'd think I'm totally new to reddit with how many times I had to redo that link.  Clark Planetarium is space oriented and their IMAX tickets are pretty cheap Oktoberfest at Snowbird. They have fun stuff for kids. And beer. [deleted] Thanks for the suggestions. Unfortunately my wife has a bad back so most outdoor stuff has to be enjoyable from the car window or is wheelchair accessible.  
The other option would be to find her something crafty to do (does Provocraft have a storefront?) and I'll go hiking with my son.  Adams Canyon looks fun. We very well might check that out. My son would probably walk a good chunk and ride the rest of the way on my back in his Ergo. My wife says those are both already on the list.     [text](http://yourlink.com) That looks like fun, thanks. Already in the list :) > outdoor stuff has to be enjoyable from the car window or is wheelchair accessible.

Check out Silver Lake up Big Cottonwood Canyon. It is a flat walk around a lake that is popular with the easy hike crowd.  There would probably be crafty things in slc, Provo is going to be a couple hours south of where you are staying.  Just as a warning, the sand switchbacks at the beginning are hard, then it's easy from there. The waterfalls along the way are worth it (there are a few)
 My fiance and I just hiked Adams Canyon yesterday!  When you start getting into the thick of things it is really really pretty!  Take lots of water. And I'm not sure where you are traveling from but, if you're anything like me and haven't adjusted to the altitudes yet (I've been here for 3 weeks now. I moved here from Illinois.) there's potential to get some altitude sickness so be careful, but have fun! :) Haha, thank you. I'm drunk and it took me like 10 tries to realize I put the words after the URL.  Oh. Didn't think of that. We're in Orlando, so other that the 3 Mountains at Disney, nothing over about 200 ft.  Thanks for the heads up. We can always go partially in and then Retrace our steps rather than do the full loop.  Haha!  Good call.  I think it affects everyone differently, but for me the last two hikes we have been on I've had episodes where I've had to sit for 10 minutes at a time and try not to be sick off the side of the mountain.  But, it's so worth it!  :) I've done hiking at 13k in the Andes when a kid, but it's been awhile.  