First time visiting last week of July - traveling with non-ambulatory 6-year old - what's fun? We're making our first trip to UT as a family and would like some suggestions for "must sees".  Most of the suggestions I've found revolve around hiking and our daughter is in a wheelchair so that's not a good fit for us.  Are there any parks that are handicap accessible?  I have no problem doing my own research but just don't even know where to start!  Thank you. Silver Lake is an accessible "hike" (more of a stroll around a mountain lake). City Creek Canyon and Cascade Springs are also wheel chair accessible. Liberty Park has a huge wheelchair accessible playground, It's a great park all around. If you end up in Liberty Park on a weekday morning let me know, I don't know if you've heard of them, but Madsen Cycles is in Salt Lake and they are a fantastic way for children with disabilities to "bike" with their families. I'd be happy to meet you there and let you take a loop or two of the park with your daughter on my Madsen if you like.
https://instagram.com/madsencycles/?hl=en Don't know where you're coming from, but the SLC zoo is a pretty accessible venue that's kid friendly. There are a few gentle slopes that might get a little fatiguing if the wheelchair isn't motorized. I second everything mentioned here, and thought I'd throw in this link from our Department of Tourism in case there are areas outside of Salt Lake you may be visiting.
http://www.visitutah.com/plan-your-trip/accessible-utah I second Silver Lake. The drive through Big Cottonwood Canyon is breathtaking, and most of the loop around Silver Lake is a boardwalk—totally accessible via wheelchair. You may also have fun exploring Temple Square (beautiful flowers, fountains, architecture, etc), which is all paved with wheelchair accessibility in the visitors centers. If you do check out Liberty Park, Tracy Aviary (inside the park) could be fun for kids. Memory Grove Park (at the base of City Creek Canyon) is also a lovely place to stroll; there are always families and dog-walkers there.

If you're going to be south of SLC, the drive through American Fork Canyon and the Alpine Loop is stunning. You can come back up through Provo Canyon and head over to Park City, which is a fun ski resort town reminiscent of a Swiss village. I'm guessing the Alpine Coaster there could be ridden by a non-ambulatory passenger. http://www.parkcitymountain.com/site/summer/activities/alpine-coaster/index.html

Have so much fun! Discovery gateway childrens museum is great. The Hogle Zoo is amazing. Lagoon is a blast. There is a train museum in Ogden. Museum of natural history (dinosaurs) at Thanksgiving Park. The Aquarium. This is the Place park. Park City in general. Salt Flats. Sugar House park. Just to name a few. O!  Also,  the Deer Valley Music festival is going on in Park City!  Basically,  really nice outdoor concerts in the evening at one of the ski resorts. Handicap accessible! On the 31st they will be playing the 1812 overture and will have real canons going off etc etc.  It's pretty amazing!  They also have other concerts going on too! It's a nice way to cool off and enjoy the beautiful scenery and amazing music!  Great ideas! Thank you, so much!
 Tracy Aviary at Liberty Park is great, and completely flat.  They do bird shows at regular times. I agree with all of the above!  All amazing placed and easily accessible!  I would also like to add Natural History Museum of Utah which is located right by the Red Butte Gardens. Great place!  Also,  the Museum of Natural Curiosity (did I get that right?)  which is also located at Thanksgiving Point.  But really,  you can't go wrong with any of the above suggestions!  I hope you and your family have a wonderful trip!  What a nice offer...thank you! Former Bostonian here. I second Liberty Park if you need a playground. It was designed for children of all abilities and has ramps as well as chair swings for kids. Red Butte Garden is a beautiful paved botanical garden. As far as parks if you head down south to Moab or Bryce Canyon, much of those parks are hard rock, almost like concrete. Also, many of the bigger monuments have decent paved or hard packed trails. You might be surprised on how far you can get in a chair. Have a great trip! Great, thanks, I'll check it out.  We're coming from Boston. BCC is fantastic and if OP wants to go up to Silver Lake, I highly recommend the drive over Guardsman Pass and down into Park City and Midway. It's a gorgeous drive and a shortcut to PC if you're already at the top of the canyon. :) 

The Alpine Loop > Provo Canyon > Park City drive is gorgeous as well though. And check out the tows of Midway/Heber. More of the Swiss Village feel than PC, imo, but more rural. Yes, good call on Guardsman Pass! 