If that was your wallet, I'm sorry! I live downtown and yesterday got caught in the rain with my 2 year old son. We ran into Harmons to dry off and share an icecream as the rain subsided. If you're not familiar with the downtown Harmons, there is an elevator at the south entrance that takes you upstairs to where the cafe is located. With the cafe being our destination, we hopped into this elevator and just before it closed I noticed a (large) lady in a wheelchair asking me to hold the door. I do so and in she scoots (one of those "I'm in a wheelchair but I'm going to propel myself walking while sitting" wheelchair users). Shortly after the door closes I hear her proclaim "hey look, a wallet" and like a hawk she swoops down and picks it up from off the ground. "This isn't yours is it?" she asks to me, "Uh no- but we better give it to customer service being that it looks like an adult's wallet" I respond. She agrees and about that time the door opens. So together(?) we start walking to the customer service desk when about that time my son who is in my arms starts to wig out. I stop to see what he wants and then at that time, the lady noticing my attention has shifted, makes a b-line to the exit like a bat out of hell. 

My son was crying now and I was in no position to chase her back out into the rain. 

If that was your wallet, I'm sorry. I know how much it sucks to lose a wallet and have to cancel cards and get a new drivers license. 

I've been beating myself up over this all night.   Seriously? Who does shit like this?

Not your fault wheelchair lady was a scutzbag, OP. Don't beat yourself up over it. lol classic. I have to ask was the wheelchair self propelled or battery powered? Just trying to perfect my visual. you did what ya could man. no worry's.
I would have liked to chased her down and pried it from her fat fingers. Don't beat yourself up.  Shit happens. Make a report to the police? it could not have been to difficult to up your pace a bit to catch up and throw a stick in her spokes I was the fat lady in the wheelchair... I hand delivered it to the gentleman yeahhhhh.  I'm not sure why 

1) you didn't at LEAST yell at her.  I've managed a room of thirty children at once and would still have the capacity to know "I better get someone's attention who can see her/see this/etc"

2) you posted.  Not sure what the intent was really.  It's not likely at ALL that the person with the stolen wallet would be here, it seems like you did it to get karma/pity.  

You guys like to stroke each other's dicks, this is taking it to a whole new level.  "I tried to dot he right thing, but I didn't, make me feel better!"  I can see you being distracted but you couldn't yell ANYTHING? I mean they have loss prevention officers in that fucking place. Do something instead of seeing her shamble away. Self propelled, leg driven model :) With the ease she bent over and picked up the wallet I think that wheelchair was more of a way to keep sitting down while on the go as opposed to actually needing it to get around. I agree shouldn't  be hard to find her. They probably have cameras and can spot the person who lost it. 

At the very least you need to turn into the police for 30 days.  You don't have kids do you? When your 2 year old looses his shit, trust me, you aren't in the right frame of mind. Seems like the lady in wheelchair is somehow related to you. What was loss prevention going to do? Hey man, kickychair payments aren't cheap. I'm sure she works hard to steal a lot of wallets so that she can afford to be that lazy. Excuses  [deleted] His wallet was stolen. 