Hey San Antonio, I recently broke my leg and am in too much pain to get to the doctor. If anyone has a wheelchair that they'd be willing to lend for just one day I'd be eternally grateful. I'm on disability and don't bring in much income so renting one would pretty much break me. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance. Oh, and I'm in the Cibolo area. Check out Project Mend - http://bexar.tx.networkofcare.org/aging/services/agency.aspx?pid=ProjectMENDMedicalEquipmentNetworkforthosewithDisabilities_687_1_0 Did you find anything? I might be able to help. I've got one you can have! That sucks. How'd you break your leg? Sorry to hear this Thanks for the heads up. Sorry that I'm just getting back to you. After the hospital stay I was pretty drugged up, lol.  
  
But, yeah, we checked Project Mend and they were out until after the holidays.  
  
EDIT: Found a wheelchair, now on the hunt for chrutches :) Thanks for asking. And sorry for taking so long to get back to. I was able to get ahold of a wheelchair and made it to the hospital (and was pretty drugged up, hence why it took so long to respond, lol).  
  
I am on hunt for crutches at the moment though :) Thank you so much but I was able to get a wheelchair. And so sorry for taking so long to respond. Between the hospital stay and being drugged up I was pretty out of it, lol.  
  
I am currently on the hunt for crutches though :) Slipped and fell in the bathroom. Not my swiftest move, lol. Thank you :) Crutches, got it. I'll check it out, see what I can find. I live in the SA area as well. Glad you found a wheelchair btw.  Let me find them, and if I can excavate them from the garage, I can bring them to you tomorrow. I also have a walker for inside the house, when you're working on making long even steps but just need a little stabilization. Wow, thank you for all of this. And I just now got word that a friend of my mother's may have a pair of crutches. If that falls through can I message you back?  Of course, I'll be on the look out. Hit me up.  Thanks again, but we found some! Yay!!  
  
You know, even though my leg hurts pretty bad the well wishes and offers to help have made me feel pretty damn good. Thanks again :) Awesome! If you need anything else remember you have a friend here. Don't be afraid to ask. Good luck on your recovery. 