UPDATE on RANDY ABBOT the "Paralyzed Recon Vet" that was mugged...  What the hell did I just read? Are there any other articles that support this other than this extremely one sided one? Any reason you created an account just to post this article? More info is needed because there is no "update", just some strange "phony soldier" call out article / site.  here's another Vet calling him out... oh and since this has all come to light his "Non Profit" is being evicted from his current location of operation.

http://globalriskinfo.com/2014/08/05/randy-abbott-paralyzed-surfer-who-was-robbed-and-a-reconsniper-yeah-ok/

I created this account because I am a local who knows him for what he is.. He is attempting to collect donations for his "Non Profit" under false pretenses.. I also personally know people close to him that he has hurt very badly in the past, that also confirm most of what he claims is a complete and total lie. These people are scared of retaliation from him.. Otherwise I'd have no problem calling him out in person. He's a pathological liar, abuser with a steady rap sheet, and manipulator to the umpteenth degree. http://youtu.be/QvlFxYup2Hw Original story for reference - if that helps.

http://www.kusi.com/story/26112378/paralyzed-marine-thrown-out-of-wheelchair-customized-surfboards-stolenust I am aware of the story, what I am confused about is what an article that calls this guy out as a liar and a bunch of facebook comments saying he is a con man has to do with a guy getting thrown out of a wheelchair and robbed. 

Was that fake? Regardless of how many years he served or what his position was it doesn't take away from the fact that the dude is in a wheelchair and had his boards stolen. 

 There's much speculation from many of those around him, as well as those who have basic medical background and/or are actually disabled themselves that do not believe that he is truly "disabled from the waist down" as he claims to be. He does not have hand controls on his steering wheel, nor are his legs atrophied. If he's willing to go to the length of not only claiming he was a recon sniper, but also getting a recon sniper tattoo just to perpetuate the lie.... when he was in fact never a recon sniper... you should question everything else he's willing to claim. Not to mention, is it true he was even thrown from his wheel chair in the first place?! How do you trust a liar when their true face has been shown? http://movieclips.com/jhQR6-dirty-rotten-scoundrels-movie-do-you-feel-this/
 