Getting Married; Family Visiting; What are some good things to do in San Diego that doesn't involve much walking? Hello, my local San Diegans!

I will be getting married soon in North County and I have my family visiting from the South East. I really want to show my family the lovely city of SD, but living in North County, I don't have much experience with the better things in SD.

There's only one problem; My mom has had surgery on her knee and can't walk very much. She can walk a little bit (she has a walker), but not very much at all. I'd really love to take her to Balboa park, but that's probably too much walking for her.

Any tips/advice on where I can go to show my family the best experience possible? I've only managed to think of Balboa park and Scripps aquarium.

**tl;dr: Getting Married; Family visiting; Mom can't walk much due to surgery, but still want to show beautiful SD off properly. Any advice?** Baseball is good, if you get there early and leave late, and you can park across from Petco.  Mount Soledad in La Jolla has awesome views (and the controversial "war memorial" cross) and you don't need to walk much.  If you want to go to the beach, then you can drop off close to La Jolla Shores, and it's a gentle beach, and then go park and pick up. 

If you go for a meal at the restaurant "Bertrand at Mr. A's" in uptown, it has great views.  Also, the "C-Level restaurant" on San Diego bay, and parking is very close.  You can picnic in Mission Bay Park and watch everyone out on the bay all afternoon if you don't  like the beach.  That is a great non-moving experience.  If you go to Balboa Park, call ahead to the Senior Center there. They'll have a wheelchair you can use for free. It helped out with my mom.

A harbor tour is nice. You sit while the boat moves.

A train ride up the coast and back is fun. Again, you sit and the transport moves. A good deal of the trip runs along the ocean and is really pretty. While the train moves you can visit (what my folks call talking about what's been happening in your life).

Speaking of wheelchairs, if she'll tolerate it rent one for the whole trip. I had surgery and needed a wheelchair for a few months. I found that they have rentals for all kinds of medical equipment I thought you could only use if you purchased them. A city like this is well suited to handle wheelchair users. Even the train has a special ramp tool for loading onto the train while in a chair, but she may not appreciate the fuss.

Good luck.

 How about tours? Bus tour, boating expedition, winery tour in Temecula? I'm not sure how long the season runs but outdoor entertainment like the summer pops or a show at the Old Globe?  kate sessions park

top of mount soledad

drive the ocean from oceanside to sunset cliffs
 Drive to the point loma lighthouse. Nice views... How about a coaster trip to downtown, then a trolley trip to  petco for a ballgame? Petco park for a baseball game to see your favorite out of state team crush the padres or a charger game (preseason but still fun).

 Look at the Old Town Trolley Tour and the San Diego SEAL tours. The trolley tour is a "hop on and off tour" so it goes in a continuous loop around to the tourist spots and you can get on and off as you like. There are 11 stops including old town (yummy Mexican food), the harbor, seaport village, Gaslamp, balboa park, little Italy, and Coronado. This should significantly cut down on the amount of walking your mom has to do, and she will get to see a lot.

The SEAL tour is a more traditional tour, but the bus can go in the water and takes you on a tour of the bay.

There are also Hornblower Cruises that take you around San Diego Bay and are especially fun on a nice sunny day. 

Watch out for the Zoo, it's a lot of walking, even if you take the tram around.  Get a wheel chair. Or a wheel barrel.

Like everyone says, take a green trolly tour of Balboa and Old town.

Great views of the ocean off of Torrey Pines, usually the most blue you can see at one time. Drive along the coast... start at La Jolla all the way down to Coronado then to Imperial Beach. cabrillo national monument I discovered Kate Sessions a couple of months ago when I was avoiding the 5 when heading from UTC to Ocean Beach. There's this do it yourself car wash place on Garnet that I take my motorcycle for a bath and thats when I found it. Finished the wash and came back. 

This place probably has the best view in San Diego. I felt totally at peace  being there and it is a dog-friendly park which I am totally down with. Ever since I moved to this country 7 years ago, I miss our family dog so getting to play with a few free spirited friendlies was very refreshing. Mt. Soledad gets a lot of tourists and locals, but this park seems to be a local community secret. 

When I took my wife the next time around, there was a swing set up by someone on one of the trees by the parking lot. After haggling with a couple of kids we got our chance with the swing and that is when I captured [this.](https://imgur.com/QRLrxcT) 