For the first time, San Diego's actually going to see how bad all its sidewalks are  How about we focus on the bike lanes and roads first? Never had a problem with the sidewalks, but the number of shitty high-traffic roads just astounds me. I walk a lot, but seriously... who cares about sidewalk quality?  Lift up your fucking feet, walk around stuff... it's not hard.

I'd rather have roads / bike lanes repaired. [deleted] > The city plans to hire two engineers and more than a dozen engineering students

...

> The city estimates the sidewalk assessment would cost about $1 million

How much are they paying those engineers!? Honestly, our sidewalks aren't nearly as bad as some other cities. Our bike lanes on the other hand.... Seems like a better approach would involve community outreach to have volunteers perform the surveys as mentioned in the article. 

A million dollars would go a long way towards actually directly addressing the problem. Another novel approach would be to procure some equipment if needed and materials with this money, then have someone experienced from public works to help/train volunteers to build the sidewalks themselves. Oh man. I live in Normal Heights, and I rent the place I'm in. The owner isn't likely to pony up for the cost of rehabbing the sidewalk, but good god it's bad. 

Woe be to the skateboarder or jogger that passes in front of my house. Ha.  I'm in Minnesota, I miss sidewalks. Lol what? I live in New England now, we don't *have* sidewalks here First World Problems?  I have to disagree. In my neighborhood I see a lot of people in wheelchairs or walkers having to rely on the street because the sidewalks are so bad. That's not safe and shouldn't even be happening.  Here here! Camino Del Norte by Carmel Mountain is so awful you'd think you were driving on dirt. As I agree that roads should be a higher priority, the disabled and baby walking people would disagree on your assessment that the sidewalks can be ignored. Many crosswalks are blocked off due to poor engineering, so you have to add an extra mile to your walk..not good if you are an old person.  The young person will opt to cross anyways, were cops can ticket you  So fuck the disabled? Get out of your wheelchair and walk it around the cracked sidewalks? Not every pedestrian is as fit and healthy as you. And many seniors and disabled citizens don't have the option of driving and biking to places they need to go.  Seriously... who cares about road quality? Fucking drive slower, steer around stuff... it's not hard. also busy avoiding the potholes, some bike lanes are  designed for off road motorcycles! Well, if you assume the only costs are salary, then you'd probably be very wrong. I assume they'll try to adapt the automatic road-quality sensors for sidewalks, and set up the infrastructure for periodic future surveys at a lower cost. 

Of course, that is conjecture - it would take someone who can poke City Hall for answers like some sort of piñata of knowledge to know the sweet sweet truth for sure. OP here, who works at VOSD. FWIW, we're collecting crumbling sidewalk photos on  Tumblr called [The Stumblr](http://www.thestumblr.com/). [Here are two sidewalks](http://www.voiceofsandiego.org/infrastructure/article_cb2251f4-8134-11e2-aff1-0019bb2963f4.html) featured on The Stumblr that got fixed by the city. then you dont live in a new england city, where the side walks are - thanks for your useless input I work in RB. Camino del Norte and Bernardo Center Drive are just horrendous.  Fuck the disabled?  Yeah, I guess I'm saying "fuck the disabled, for now."  It's all about priorities.  

1.3 million people in SD... how many are drivers?  How many are disabled?  Priorities. You should see the alley they "fixed" behind my house. First decent rain and the asphalt patches more or less dissolved.  I live in a city, which is in New England. Their idea of sidewalks is to put them in random spots so if you want to walk anywhere you'd have to spend some of that time walking on the road. It defeats the purpose of having them. And they're just paved with asphalt. So you'd rather see a person in a wheelchair using the street because the sidewalk is impossible to use?  Is it a sidewalk? You can send a photo to liam@vosd.org, submit it to the Tumblr [directly](http://www.thestumblr.com/submit) or submit it via [SeeClickFix](http://seeclickfix.com/san-diego). ok, what city is this, I being from there, and we have that problem some what here You're twisting my words.  I have no problems with eventually fixing sidewalks... but there are other things to fix (transportation wise) before we look at sidewalks.

Look at the number of drivers in SD, look at the miles of road, look at their condition.

Compare it to the number of people who walk, the miles of sidewalk, and their condition.  Break it down further if you'd like to number of disabled people who are forced to use the sidewalk.

Priorities. No I live in University Heights so they take care of the obvious stuff like that, it's all the residential streets and alleys that are fucked up. So the man I see using his wheelchair in the street due to wretched sidewalks is less of a priority because there aren't more of him? The old woman I see struggling with her walker to get down the road because again the sidewalks are so bad isn't important because she's in the minority?

This isn't a matter of numbers. These are people who have no choice but use the street because they can't get around on the horrible sidewalks. These are people who are trying to get groceries, medicine, go to doctors appointments. Perhaps their numbers are less but only a heartless society would put their needs last because of that. A civilized society cares for those in need, for those in distress, for those weaker than everyone else because it is the right thing to do. They might be fewer in number but their need is greater. 

I can only imagine you do not know anyone disabled or old who struggles to get by with what passes for sidewalks in the city.  I guess we disagree.

You're saying we should prioritize and allocate funds to the people who are in the most distress (as you put it) regardless of the fact that they are a clear minority.

I would counter and say that we should put the most effort / time / money towards a project that would benefit the maximum number of people at one time.

"The needs of the many outweigh the needs of a few."  This quote isn't exactly what I'm looking for, but I think you get the gist.   Except the sidewalks don't just benefit the few. They benefit everyone. Children who walk to school. People who are walking to work, to catch a bus, strolling for fun, exercising. The only difference being when they are crappy it's just not just an uncomfortable ride and extra wear and tear on a car, but actually an impassable obstacle to disabled people.  If we're talking about what methods of transportation, they DO BENEFIT THE FEW.  

This is what I'm trying to get across.  There are more people who use roads to commute, than people who use sidewalks.

Of the people who use sidewalks, your argument is that people who are disabled, basically cannot use them - period.  But then you lump in children, people walking to work, etc.  Those people have LEGS.  They can get around obstacles quite easily. It doesn't cost them $400 to repair their shoes if they hit a curb (as it did to me when I hit a bad pothole in my vehicle on a city street, completely destroying my strut.)

Do you honestly think that repairing sidewalks so that disabled people can get around is more important that repairing roads and bike lanes?  Do we want to do a cost analysis?  How much time and money is wasted when the roads are complete shit?  Because people have to slow down, or drive around gaping holes?  Because people blow out tires / shocks / struts hitting bad potholes?

Look it's obvious you have some sort of stake in this.  You're either disabled or have a good friend / family member who can't get around very easy.  I sympathize.  But I still feel roads are a priority over sidewalks. Honestly I could care less you had to pay $400 to repair your car when I see a man in a wheelchair being forced to use the street. You don't have to drive a car. There's public transport. Now, I know the counter argument to that is that our public transport sucks. It does. But it is an option for you (and as someone who used to have an hour and half commute from home to work on public transport I know how unpleasant of an option it is), whereas someone in a wheelchair doesn't have an option.  Not sure how to argue against that.  You and I think completely different things are more important. why should people be forced to use public transport? Are we trying to create more living taxes? People should have the option of free transport - via bike or foot.  We need our poor citizens to be able to rise out of poverty.    With bike lanes, sidewalks should be modified/repaired at the same time - that is how the dutch do it. They already do have the option of free transport, but it's impractical due to the size of our county.  Comparing us to European cities is completely asinine.  

I've been to Amsterdam, and it's amazing.  But it's also a fraction the size of San Diego County.  SD is 4,525.52 square miles... Amsterdam 277.2 square miles.  The entirety of the Netherlands is only 13k square miles.

You can't even compare those. focus is of downtown san diego area not the county At what point did anyone say anything about downtown?  SD's downtown is small, and easily walkable.  There are zero issues regarding the state of sidewalks downtown. incorrect. go to logan heights, city heights, north park, point loma, clairemont and tell me if there are zero issues. Uh... those neighborhoods are not "Downtown." lets be reasonable here. san diego downtown i mean the non county regions, the city itself where population density is high 