Luxor Cab Company Seeking Legacy Business Status in San Francisco  ugh... the idea that the city literally decided to just give cash to private businesses that are 30 years old is so nuts. Fuck 'em. Luxor cab sucked. Serves them right that Uber and Lyft basically pushed them out of the city. Can we start pointing out the corruption in legacy business subsidies yet or do we have to wait a year? I like my government regulated clean air and water. The whole government regulated (aka allow monopoly) of taxis? No thanks. Make them all have the same level of insurance and let the free market do its thing even if that means some old companies go by the wayside.

The only interesting point they brought up in their application is taxi service for wheelchair users. I know nothing on the topic. Do any of the modern ride share companies have options like that? That's an interesting angle for them. DeSoto chose to embrace the changing landscape and Luxor is choosing to cling to the past with government subsidy. 

It’s a bold move Cotton, let’s see if it pays off If they get Legacy Business Status, they can be eligible for a yearly grant of $500/employee (capped at 100 employees), so that's a $50K cash subsidy. 

Not sure how much that'll help 'em, but maybe they can move towards more a paratransit service which they already have, rather than competing against Uber. LOL The Planning Commission are about to hear some really good choices for Legacy grants (and a couple that should be laughed right out, like Escape From NY pizza), but Luxor isn't exactly a small business and if they're going to subsidies them it seems like it should come from another fund. Technically the voters decided it, which is even more nuts. [Your world frightens and confuses me.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/e0/23/97/e0239734bbaec7e921d58b4ddec1220f.jpg) Huh? Luxor was maybe the only usable service.  [deleted] Just because they are asking for it doesn't mean they'll get it. Corruption, naw, I'm gonna be busy pointing out the corruption in Uber and I don't think we'll have any time left Even the taxi companies don't actually provide handicap services though.  I once had to wait 3.5 hours for a pickup.  The first driver reported to the dispatch that he picked me up when he never did, and it wasn't until I called back 40 minutes after the initial pick up time they even realized it.  At first they didn't believe me either, as if I'd actually make that shit up.  It took them another 3 hours just to get another vehicle out to me.  This was mid day on a saturday too, it's not like they were stuck in rush hour traffic.
 Uber is piloting wheelchair-accessible vehicles (https://accessibility.uber.com/#riders-with-ambulatory-disabilities).  Sadly, accessibility isn't a huge focus for the TNC operators. It technically exists but isn't really usable: http://money.cnn.com/2016/05/02/technology/uber-access/ Wasn't really a monopoly though right?  There were multiple cab companies here. Both Uber and Lyft offer wheelchair-accessible cars. > aka allow monopoly

Not what monopoly means.  Taxi companies get their Medallions from the city so which one of them has a monopoly?   > embrace the changing landscape

Pretend to be a ridesharing service and do it really poorly.
 Speaking of clinging to the past.  Why not stop requiring cabs to have medallions from the city.  Uber and Lyft don't have to have them.  50K?  Going right back to the city anyway, medallions are between 500,000 and a cool mil a piece.  Got the first number from a cabbie 6 months ago and google said its up to a mil now   It's really not that surprising, people want *their* businesses to stick around, and they assumed that  the legacy business law would be used for businesses they patronize. Surprise, surprise, it's just a way for politicians to get paid by struggling businesses. $5,000 a year (to Campos' PAC) in exchange for a lifetime lease in SF is a sweet deal.  This was a David Campos initiative. He put it on the ballot.
 >You're

Even the meme managed to get the spelling right. Considering how awful every cab company is/was, saying they were "the best" is not saying anything, really. Yeah, Uber is corrupt, and not taxis? Come on, Taxi medallion prices are plummeting and that's wonderful because it highlights what a scam that monopoly was.  Guess its more about the marketing aspect saying you provide that service then actually providing that service in a quality manner. Yes, because they got sued. What a fantastic company. I fucking hate cabs in SF (I lived here for a while when they were the only option) but Uber is a disgusting piece of shit company.  That article is trying really hard to make TNCs look bad by talking about ASSIST as if it is the only service before bringing up the regular wheelchair service. They all lobbied the government to ensure there was always a shortage of cabs. There were about one or two thousand traditional cabs before uber arrived. Demand has shown that number should be about 7000. I get it, the industry must have standards to protect middle class workers livelihood and safety, but what if that system is a mechanism to scam middle class customers and leave them dangerously stranded for the sake of a corporation's profit like Luxor? 

I say fuck em. They created this years in the making and deserved it. Now they want our tax dollars. Let's not get scammed again by a shitty corporation like Luxor.  Hey, in 30 years they might get some SF taxpayers' money too! You are correct, technically it is a cartel. Better than bitching, moaning, and getting a government subsidy right?  In my experience flywheel is pretty good. Fine by me. Go talk to your supe. > Why not stop requiring cabs to have medallions from the city. Uber and Lyft don't have to have them.

Because the cab companies lobbied tooth and nail for a way to artificially limit the supply of cabs in the city in order to secure a pseudo-monopoly. Define "[now](http://nypost.com/2016/07/05/city-lets-uber-and-lyft-cannibalize-the-american-dream/)." [deleted] Politicians make money, crony merchants make money -- everybody wins! Between him and Peskin, they're just about everything wrong with this city. Campos may have authored Prop J (I don't know for sure if he did or didn't), but he wasn't alone in putting it on the ballot. The measure needed four supervisors to sponsor it in order to have it placed on the ballot without public signatures, and those four supes were Avalos, Campos, Kim, and Mar.  They really aren't that bad with flywheel now.  A lot of the times I prefer the experience with a cab driver on flywheel...I just like how uber/lyft is typically cheaper. [deleted] I wouldn't call it a scam since it was the government controlling it and issuing the medallions. The cabs didn't do it either. Calm down. >That article is trying really hard to make TNCs look bad by talking about ASSIST as if it is the only service before bringing up the regular wheelchair service

Huh? Second paragraph:

>Uber has an option that Parker could use. Called UberWAV, it offers vehicles especially for people with power wheelchairs or motorized scooters. There's only one problem: the service is a ghost town. There are almost never any UberWAV cars available in San Francisco

UberASSIST is great but doesn't help most people in wheelchairs (and still isn't very available), and UberWAV is a "ghost town". That seems fair to point out. Still not a monopoly and it was regulations created by the government. Since there was more then one company then maybe an Oligopoly? Even if its was created by the government who do you think lobbied and pressured the government to create a medallion system that legally prevent new competition from forming.... surely not the end user who needed a ride. It's a false choice.  Also, the government subsidy should not even be an option. There are several cab companies in town, which one has a monopoly?  Do you know what Monopoly even means?  
 > [and google said its up to a mil now](https://www.google.com/?gws_rd=ssl#q=taxi+medallion+cost)

Well the article google cites looks to be about a year old.  Its right at the top there.  And yes I think its disgusting the way Uber and Lyft get preferential treatment for cannibalizing the American dream, as the article you linked puts it.  Probably would have said something similar without referencing Horatio Alger. 
 Sounds like its time to eliminate the antiquated medallion system all together. 

EDIT;  Also, irrelevent, my whole point was that the cost of a single medallion dwarfs the subsidy described above.  Yeah, because pre smartphone they were free to lobby the local government to artificially create a shortage of cabs. You were happy to see Luxor cab because you were stranded otherwise. If you like that it's basically Stockholm syndrome. It was horrible.  I suffered constant verbal abuse, having cabs not show up (I guess you have never lived in outer 'hoods,) lying and scheming.  They always claimed their credit card machines did not work.  Even with Flywheel, there is a problem with rides not showing up, because the cab has to pass by people with their arms up for immediate fares in order to get to you.  The penalties for doing so don't stop them, and cabbies aren't fired from being cabbies nearly as easily as TNC drivers, so your complaints still go nowhere.

I seriously think the accounts on this subreddit shilling for the cab companies are people with some kind of financial interest in them, because there is no excusing the continued poor service of cabs. Most wheelchairs aren't collapsible?  They even make folding electric wheelchairs.  

Edit, and if you take a look at /u/Forest-G-Nome's comment, you see that Taxis don't do a good job of providing handicap services.

I wonder why CNN decided to do the taxi companies' bidding with the hit piece you posted. Oligopoly and monopoly are the same thing to the customer. Comcast isn't technically a monopoly either, but how do you feel about them? >New York, Chicago and Boston all saw medallion prices tumble by about 20 percent in the past year. But in San Francisco, medallion prices are set at $250,000 by the Municipal Transportation Agency, which says there are still plenty of buyers, with 681 sold since 2010.

http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/In-the-days-of-Uber-Lyft-some-still-buy-S-F-6038188.php [deleted] [deleted] I think that's a bit melodramatic. I like TNC's as much as anyone here but they have a long way to go for accessibliity.  Not the same, you have more choices of cab companies.  The city handles the medallions.  So the city has a monopoly then? Why? They made a bad business bet.  Meaning given a refund from the state? Thats harder to get than just dumping the system, both would lose the state money and they hate that.  Apparently, they think this is worthwhile.  They can also get right back on the next day. Maybe.  Cab companies certainly do and they've been around for a long time. [deleted] "Other people are shitty so it's ok if this is shitty"  Not after the horror stories I have heard from people who have. The accepted standard is the accepted standard.  If we want to bring it up, we need to include all relevant parties and not portray it as a TNC-only problem. 