Transit startup Leap puts 3 buses up for auction, coffee bar included  ah, just in time for burning man, amirite Well that was awfully quick. Didn't they just take in a healthy amount of funding before the launch too? The weirdest inclusion is the wheel chair lift which was half the reason they were shut down.

Will be interesting to see if they're done or if they come back fighting. Look for more of this as the bubble pops, tech kiddies. If you need help renting that one way uhaul, let me know. I think this is bad.  SF has a miserably embarrassing transit infrastructure.  Someone came up with a way to fix it and got shut down by burdensome regulations.  This is not the society we want to live in.  

Im glad the government got in their face for violations of disability law.  
 Dat burn rate ...  Could some founders feasibly come up with some flash-in-the-pan type startup like this, take heaps of investment $$ and basically cash out before it fails?  Isn't that kinda what [that guy from Secret](http://www.businessinsider.com/secret-founder-sells-ferrari-2015-4) did?   They're done. PUC is not the very forgiving kind. If they come back they will have to pay the daily fines (for every day of their violation, i.e. operating without PUC authority)  and resolve that before they can actually **get** an authority permit. 

And even if they get it, they'll still have to fight Muni and city of SF. 

And Chariot is next.  [deleted] Yea, can you pay for a one way u haul  for me?  You should try relaxing, dude. Everything you post in here is salty as Ocean Beach. Take a chill pill and you might actually find yourself enjoying this beautiful city we're all blessed to call home. This is the kind of shit that made me hesitant to post this. Future's so bright, you gotta wear shades!  [deleted] The guy from secret sold his personal equity during a funding round, this isn't that common. Most finding rounds only go to the company, creating new shares. Founders don't tend to get swathes of cash on funding rounds. The board (VCs) control the money, so any windup goes to them first. It's like "The Producers" of startups.  You can feasibly scam people in a lot of ways, that's one of them. Most founders I know care more about their reputations than a quick cash out through sketchy means.

That a startup fails does not mean there was some kind of foul-play -- failure is part of the VC model. So what you are saying is they should come back under a new business license.

Also, re: Chariot: Have you ever seen the Jitney busses?  They have been around forever and I don't think they have wheelchair lifts. Was Pets.com a shitty concept?

You can have a great idea but when the shit hits the fan, assuming it will, plenty of "great ideas" (and jobs) are going to go down in flames as well. Check this one out, how is he not just a straight-up troll worth ignoring at this point?

http://www.reddit.com/r/sanfrancisco/comments/3a4879/berkeley_woman_attains_degrees_from_boalt_law/csaya9n

EDIT: Transcribing it here in case he deletes it.

>Actually it is easy to see how this came about: Being raised in a foster home gave her an excellent "rise above strife" college entrance essay to write. Expensive private colleges eat that shit up. Then once you have the Yale degree and the Yale grade inflation you can go anywhere else you want to afterwards.

>I'd like to see her do the same thing as an asian. Then I'd be impressed. If you may have noticed, this is the saltiest SF themed forum that has ever existed, primarily because of the presence of young tech bros from elsewhere. I'm simply reacting to their constant hate, vitriol and lack of respect for the citizens of SF. They don't deserve to have their own echo chamber with our name on it. He posts that shit in every thread, regardless of topic.

If you want to know if you should take him at all seriously, look at this choice comment:

http://www.reddit.com/r/sanfrancisco/comments/3a4879/berkeley_woman_attains_degrees_from_boalt_law/csaya9n

Maybe he wants widespread economic dislocation so that there will be more kids in foster care? The tech bros reap what they sow. They don't exactly have a stockpile of goodwill with the people in this city. "I've got mine, screw you" attitude will do that. Oh give it a rest, Leap decided to remove *existing* wheelchair lifts from their buses. This isn't a case of the big bad ADA coming in and placing burdensome regulations on a company, its a case of Leap consciously excluding disabled passengers.  RE: Leap... they *could*, but I doubt they will. 

RE: Chariot -- not talking about their lack of wheelchair lifts, but how they also lack PUC license.  > I'm simply reacting to their constant hate, vitriol and lack of respect for the citizens of SF.

It's actually people like you, creating false dichotomies of "techies vs. REAL San Franciscans" that are creating the hate, vitriol, and lack of respect. Seriously. Just chill out. San Francisco is still here, and it's still San Francisco. Yeah, and they're the only people in San Francisco with that attitude, right?  Just so you know the technology sector is much more than just 20 year old bros.  What?  Because they're evil?  For shits and giggles?  Maybe they didn't think they could maintain expensive lifts on their busses? I understand what you're saying now.

Seems insane that you can't drive a private vehicle with private clients, with a duly licensed driver, on public roads, without extra payments to the government. Sorry man. You're either new here or not paying attention.  > Maybe they didn't think they could maintain expensive lifts on their busses?

Somehow I doubt an ADA lawsuit is any cheaper than greasing the fittings on a seldom-used wheelchair lift twice a year.  Government taxes and regulates COMMERCIAL operation of vehicles, i.e. move people and goods FOR MONEY.   :)   I was born and raised in SF, educated in SFUSD schools, and am actively engaged in urban planning and sustainable housing development circles. Chill out. Your attitude is the driver of vitriol and hate in these discussions. Maybe they thought that they would not be subject to ADA regulations, like Jitney busses and cabs. So you're saying it has nothing to do with safety, but the government getting a cut when money changes hands? By "here" I meant this subreddit. I'm not gonna "chill out", my friend. But, do take care. Maybe that's the case, but spending money to remove wheelchair lifts and thereby exclude disabled passengers just doesn't seem like a very decent thing to do, especially considering that keeping the lifts would have a negligible effect on their operation.
 Both. After all, you'd want to be sure your COMMERCIAL driver is duly licensed to the higher standard, right?  Or you don't really care, i.e. any Joe Schmoe will do? 

But this gets into the whole Lyft/Uber vs. Taxi/Livery debate so I'm NOT going there. :)  The only person your anger is impacting substantially is yourself. Put your head out a window and listen to the song of the city. Notice that there's nothing on fire. I would guess they took a calculated risk and it didn't pay off.  I also think we don't know their motivations here, so theorizing that keeping the lifts would have a "negligible" affect on their organization is not something we can know. This is separate from the driver's commercial license, though.  I can go out and get a commercial license and not be an employee/owner of a PUC-regulated company.  ;) You aren't paying attention. This is my last reply to you. Good day. Right, just as theorizing that the lifts would be a burdensome expense is not something we can know. I agree that there are probably unseen factors here, but based on the facts that I *can* see and on my own experience owning a bus with a wheelchair lift, it kinda seems like a dick move. I'm not saying that as any sort of citable or factual statement, its just my impression of the situation. But PUC regulated companies, can only hire commercial drivers (the sole exception being Uber/Lyft who gets a different category)  I love you so much, your comments are always super predictable.

I wonder how many people just post things to troll you. lol u mad Right but maybe they wanted to install a beer cooler or use the battery for something else or...we don't know. Wait, I didn't contradict that:) What's your handle again? ;) Buh.  :) Not Bubba? ;)  