Unfortunately, the Electric Scooters Are Fantastic  Saw a girl hit a pot hole, wipe out, and knock her tooth out on one yesterday. Oof What's that old saying... "Don't knock it till you try it"? They really are super fun, cheap, and convenient. It's a shame and also slightly alarming just how braindead most of the riders are though. Absolutely no one thinks electric scooters are a bad form of transit. The issue is storage and keeping riders off crowded sidewalks  I hope that everyone who opposes these scooters because they "block the street" steps in human feces on their way to work today.  I don't deny they wouldn't be fun or good for transit but the user behind some of the scooters are the real issue. Personal story for sure but..

I saw a kid riding one around without a helmet and parent in sight. He was doing tricks and all sorts of stuff and nearly ran into me because he loss control. Thankully I was able to kick him away and he just hurt himself. If they are not fantastic, the market will wipe them off the streets.  We don't have to argue about our opinons of them. The Adult Scooter trend. Trust us, it's different this time. incorrect. they are the complete opposite of 'fantastic'. Nope. They are fucking lame. Haha grown ups in scooters.  And this is why people ride on sidewalks... the awful quality streets don't lend themselves to riding with those tiny tires Several people in this very comment section disagree.  >The issue is storage and keeping riders off crowded sidewalks

It's not really an issue, or rather it ranks so low in order of problems that it is essentially concern trolling.  Haha, I don’t believe you.  Good thing nothing like that could ever happen on a bicycle or skateboard or else we'd have to make those illegal too. I mean, if you're wearing the same outfit you've worn since you were in 5th grade (backpack, jeans, sneakers, t-shirt) why stop riding a scooter? Well, if we take the point of the article to heart, have you ridden one? Don’t use it then. Vote with your wallet.  get the feeling the people who write these articles are taking payments from the scooter companies to try and get people to accept this shitshow on the streets. 

'fantastic' he says. hilarious. It's almost like the abysmap road infrastructure is a systemic problem that has all the users of different transportation types at each others' throats it's r/sanfrancisco... it's not an r/sanfrancisco thread unless there's *some* disagreement. For people without mobility difficulties, sure, your right. Not everyone can just step around the scooters, and that's why there's quite a bit of requirements for sidewalks. 

There's a good reason the ADA exists, many extremely important things about living with a wheelchair wouldn't even cross the mind of someone who's never been in one. For example, having a dip in the sidewalk can cause people in wheelchairs to flip and become completely helpless to get up, even if they don't injure themselves... most people don't even know someone in a wheelchair, much less understand their very real concerns.

It's one thing for a business to make a product that ignores handicapped people, it's another to make a product that actively makes life more difficult for them. Simple requiring the scooters to be locked to a bike rack would completely eliminate this concern. It would also prevent the hoarding of scooters that apparently exists in many parts of town. I think it's perfectly reasonable for a company to be required to at least nudge their users into ADA compliance instead of the absurdity that is the honor system. 
I can't wait for someone to find the technology to invent a shirt that changes colors when you touch it. Then we could leave hand prints on random strangers on the street and let them know how we feel about them. of course!  Did you just reply to yourself? Guess you forgot to change accounts...ironic....  I have to see a dentist once a month for my ortho. They've cut a trip to my dentist from ~7 dollars each way to ~2.15, and cut my carbon footprint by over 60% on each trip.

I wasn't sure about them at first, but they really are fantastic. Astroturfing? On my subreddit? It's more likely than you think.  ya everyone who disagrees with you is a shill If this is about mobility, scooters are not the worst offenders cluttering the sidewalks. Stolen shopping carts, tents, mattresses, people, needles, other garbage...  I haven't ridden one and my inital reaction was exaclty that of the author at the beginning of the article. Curious of your thoughts on them. woah woah woahhhh buddy! sorry for replying to myself but i was just trying to add a new comment.  No, didn't you hear, man? Like, these are just tools of the CAPITALIST to extract value by privatizing a shared public space! Techies! VCs! Gentrification! MORE BUZZWORDS! haha right?  Firstly, whataboutism isn’t an argument. Secondly, in the financial district scooters are a leading offender oh you haven't? don't worry about what i think. you should go try one out! there's probably one sitting on the sidewalk somewhere near to you getting in peoples way right now. Sure you were.  To be fair there's a legitimate point they're kinda approaching, which is how fucked it is that to safely lock a bike or scooter on the street you need millions im VC funding. Prioritizing offenders isn't whataboutism. And while I disagree with your assertion, the city is much bigger the financial district. Actually, I seemingly have to walk blocks to find one and if I am fortunate enough to do so, it is usually parked out of the way.  I think you make a good point.  It is whataboutism... literally the definition of whataboutism Thank you. I think you’re quite attractive.  