Some of my observations in talking to the "homeless" lately. A couple times a week, I find myself walking down the street and when I see street folks needing money, I say I don't have any cash but I'm happy to buy them some food or groceries from nearby.  

There's solidly two types of people I encounter:  The disinterested   and the absolutely not disinterested.  I can probably assign drug usage to the first, which is its own problem, but the other part is solvable:  why am I doing what should be the government's job of getting people on SNAP and stuff.  

The most obvious problem with the system is that I once bought a bag of groceries for a guy in a Laguna Honda wheelchair and catheter who was hanging out in the Castro.  He said he only had enough charge to get home and sure enough he left afterwards.  That was a strange concept to me--being able to instantly bridge that gap from a "homeless" guy on the corner to there not being a "homeless" guy on the corner.  

I have no choice but to want to believe the things people say because they're actually needing food and lucid enough to talk to me, but the most consistent and weirdest thing about San Francisco's visible "homeless" problem is that so many of these people are actually somewhat housed, sober at the time, and just hungry.  

After getting one lady pizza, she said she was $40 short of her room for the night, but she found it better she were out on the streets trying to get money than an offer of getting her home and paid for.  Watching her talk with others in the neighborhood who were also in the streets, I thought about why about what it would be like to have that level of destitution where it's much better to find community on the streets than isolation with a roof over her head and nothing to do.

And the toothless lady I bought and returned almonds for.  She was a bit out of it but I wondered why she fell through the cracks.  If people don't have teeth to eat, that's it's own damn issue...

There's a serious service disconnect here and I'd like to know what it is.   I usually only come across homeless who want money, they seem offended when I offer to get them food instead, Still I’ve come across people who beg and look homeless but have homes to go to at night.

About falling through the cracks, well I’ve heard that once you get used to being homeless it’s really hard to get out.

I wish sf did more for the homeless who actually wanna get out of the situation.

 Just ignore them and go on about your life mate, it's not our problem to solve Ask yourself... would begging on the sidewalk EVER be an option for you? Probably not... because you know better. These people are just out to take advantage of others' naive goodwill. Hard working, honest people DON'T go begging on the sidewalk, they are too proud and honest for that. I worked in a beggar heavy area for several years, and I have no sympathy for these types any more, most of them are just flat out lying crooks. The only time my similar offer has been accepted was outside the Dirty Harry McDonalds when a woman was asking people going in if they would buy her a coffee. Every single other time I have been insulted, treated rudely or otherwise rebuked for not offering cash. I am offering less and less as time goes on.  I had a friend I grew up with in this city who became mentally ill and got into meth, and he was on the streets for awhile. He had said some ideologies he had developed and followed, he kept pretty much totally nonviolent and didn’t steal. So he was reliant on being a beggar to come up with money for meth and everything else, precisely because he did not want to be a thief, even though it is the easier option. Shit I encouraged him to get good at shoplifting, but he was firm.  > Shit I encouraged him to get good at shoplifting, but he was firm. 

Why would you do this?  Much respect to the guy for not doing it.   Cause I cared about his comfort and wellbeing a lot more than I cared about the profits of walgreens, cvs, or Safeway. 