$3.5 million walkway planned between Sea-Tac Airport and light rail  no idea if the cost is reasonable or not, but it needs to be done.  I took that walk on a stormy/windy day and myself and my luggage got pretty wet on the relatively short walk.  If you want more people to take the light rail to SeaTac it shouldn't start with a total bummer when the weather is bad.   The article claims it would cost $28 million to tear down the current walkway and re-build it with a moving walkway - but it is on their long-term radar. Without reading the article, I assume the walkway is from Angle Lake Station which has to be closer to the terminal than the SeaTac Station.  The walk from the light rail is pretty bad right now, almost embarrassingly so.  It's freezing cold and just takes you through ugly cement parking garages.    Hmm... I mean I know that the walkway is a bit of an eyesore and is a chilly walk, but I feel like that 3.5MM could be better spent elsewhere.  Unless there are structural / safety issues, I'm usually one for putting cosmetic changes at the bottom of the list.

On second thought I can see the argument of increasing accessibility and safety for elderly / vulnerable folks.  My knee-jerk reaction is to usually scoff at simple cosmetic changes, but shielding the walkway from the elements and adding conveyors would definitely help people get to and from the airport. Too many destination stations on Link are too far from their destination. Whether it is SeaTac, Stadiums, or UW it seems like ST does the minimum amount to claim that they "serve" the place without caring about serving it optimally.  [deleted] Just a consequence of revisions for Sound Transit to get On Budget !

[2009 article](http://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/airport-rail-station-opens-saturday/)

>Up in the air

>**With its open-air walkways, chill breezes, highway and tarmac vistas, visible pipes and jet fumes, the station seems to celebrate the maelstrom that is modern air travel. It also saved money, after Sound Transit scaled back the original design, including some windows.**

>Trains stop on an upper level, on a centered platform that is covered by a truss roof but exposed to south winds. (To get to Seattle, you get on whichever train comes first, on either side.) How about some fucking restrooms for commuters who have to travel THROUGH Seattle at any point between 6pm and 8am

HOW THE FUCK ABOUT THAT Putting the light rail so far from the airport proves now much our rulers hate us.  I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/circlejerkseattle] [$3.5 million walkway planned between Sea-Tac and careless's airbnb](https://np.reddit.com/r/circlejerkseattle/comments/5g0c0n/35_million_walkway_planned_between_seatac_and/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot) Lipstick on a pig. I like it. How feeble and lazy are you people that you think this is necessary? Good god! Heaven forbid that some random tourist be offended they can't wear socks and sandals in complete comfort for 3 whole minutes! 3,500,000 dollars to add some windscreens and heaters? Well you could wear a jacket or you could spend 3.5 million dollars... Why?   >“The walkway is not wide enough to accommodate a moving walkway,” said Bowman. “And the ceiling height isn't tall enough, either. So it's an engineering problem, but we're going to be able to solve it.”

This is what infuriates me the most. Building it large enough to handle this would have cost a fraction of what tearing it down and putting up a new one would cost. This is a smaller version of having to shut down the bus tunnel for a couple of years to make it big enough for the Link trains. How can these needs not be put into the original specification? Is it just me or does that seem superfluous and wasteful? I feel like the current walkway would be fine if they just protected it from the elements a little better. And now that I've read the article it sounds like they are doing just that at the more modest $3.5 million price tag. Enclosing it and installing heaters by January ... and it also includes some carts to shuttle elderly/disabled folks across the 1/4 mile span. Isn't the walkway part of the garage structure? How would they tear it out? Hahaha  [deleted] The walk itself really isn't bad, it takes less than 3.5 minutes, but sheltering it from the elements is a good idea. The way-finding signage definitely needs to be improved as well. 

A moving sidewalk would be ideal but $28 million is a lot of money. If they do it though, they need to install one of these new high speed accelerating moving walkways that gets you going up to 7.5 mph! [https://youtu.be/ygbfFOHD-8w?t=1m36s](https://youtu.be/ygbfFOHD-8w?t=1m36s)
 They could put windows along there and it would be a major upgrade. Add in some "temp" walls to separate the walkway a bit from the lot and we saved $25M  Yeah, I didn't realize how bad it was until I flew into Chicago O'Hare a month ago. I needed to take the "L" to Union Station to catch a train to Milwaukee. Signage on the ground, signage on the walls, signage everywhere. It was amazing, even at 5 am after a fairly bumpy (to the point I couldn't sleep) flight I got there no problem. I had more issue getting my bags than getting to the train.  As someone who walks this every day, this makes me so happy This is a joke, right? Access to the terminals from the light rail drop off point is more than reasonable here and it is considerably better than the train-to-terminal commutes in many US airports.  I'm not sure what's embarrassing about walking about walking in a covered parking garage for a couple of hundred feet. I think the biggest problem with it is that its just not obvious where it is or how to get there.  It just doesn't feel like you're going the right way, like you're heading to a major public transit junction.   Well, it is 1/4 mile. For someone who might have a disability, it's quite a hike, especially if they also have luggage to lug around. I can definitely see why it should be improved. I'll admit when I used to take light rail to the airport regularly in the winter it does suck to have to walk that 1/4 mile exposed to the elements. Enclosing it and adding heaters seems worthwhile. Where would you choose to spend it? $3.5M seems like a lot to an individual but at the airport level it's chump change.  That money is most likely apart of their capital improvement budget. So that's money that's already earmarked for general improvements throughout a calendar year (in comparison, general maintenance projects like cleaning/painting a building could cost the same amount). 

Also a lot of cities (and by extension, port authorities) have many many projects that are millions of dollars a year all going on concurrently. So it's not like its an item that is taking away money for other renovations/maintenance.

 There are very good  reasons for every one of them though. The cost and disruption of operations to run it right up to the terminal made it infeasible. For the stadium station the train enters into a preexisting tunnel shortly after so that was as close as it could go. For UW that station is actually meant to serve the stadium and medical centers in the future. The actual UW neighborhood station is under construction at Brooklyn and 45th. ? There's restrooms at SeaTac station and Tukwila Intl' Blvd station. The latter requires you to get a token from security.

Public transit + bathrooms is usually a terrible mix, as the cleaning costs are quite high and could be used on providing service. Move to Japan. It's only a 3.5 minute walk. The station is located basically as close to the airport as is feasible given the constraints of cost, the impact on future airport operations, and the city of SeaTac's desire to have the station serve their city instead of just the airport alone. 

[https://www.seattletransitblog.com/2013/07/05/the-walk-from-seatac/](https://www.seattletransitblog.com/2013/07/05/the-walk-from-seatac/) It's the port's fault, but it's not all bad. It allows easier expansion to the south without a long and costly detour through the terminal. Sea-Tac could always get rebuilt closer to the station in the future. I have yet to visit an airport where city light rail is close to the airport itself.

Other places just tend to run buses/trams to their transit from the terminal.

SFO, for instance is: upstairs, across a long hall, on a tram, then downstairs. Yeah they should have put it in the middle of a runway.   Wasn't this in response to 911? As in, keep them separated enough as to minimize the impacts of terrorism. i feel ya! people complaining about a 3 minute walk! lazy! they want a moving floor installed! Yea, but we're dealing with a lot of incoming tourists.  It drives me crazy when I get to a new city and the layout of the airport is wonky (looking at you Chicago).  It would make our city seem a lot more approachable and fun if there was a pleasing, efficient, and obvious path from the airport to our light rail. I was thinking this, but I realized I want transit to be more accessible for everyone. It's nice they're doing this instead of just dumping more money into the rental car garage. Read the article and find out Because the current set up is absolutely terrible. > is is a smaller version of having to shut down the bus tunnel for a couple of years to make it big enough for the Link t

Well its not like they really "built" this walkway... They just took over the part of the parking deck and put in a partial wall between the parked cars and the area for people to walk.  The height was from the parking structure.  Sure it could have been wider, but they apparently cant find a moving walkway low enough without lowering the floor... > Is it just me or does that seem superfluous and wasteful?

I agree on behalf of myself, but I'm a late-20s able-bodied person. The elderly, disabled, etc. might get a lot of utility out of a moving walkway. $28 million seems insanely expensive, though. It's better if you can do away with the carts. There are plenty of people who need the carts but won't use them, but they will use a moving walkway without hesitation. How "green" is it to heat a not-really-enclosed part of a parking garage ? Given the long term plan for expanding the airport, it would just be another drop in the bucket.  There's gonna be a whole lot more walking involved in the new concourses no matter what, so the more moving walkways there are the better for foot traffic.  I would hope for that cost that they would at least build two bridges - one to the central part of the main terminal and another one running over to the current end of the north concourse (which may potentially get extended all the way up to the control tower). Well, the reporter did say that the bright colored paint on the ceiling would reflect the heat so it looks like they won't be posting to r/science any time soon much less r/finance. If you youngsters would pull out your overpowered computer phones to help you do the math, $28M is 1/2000 of the $54B budget for ST3, which so many of you love unconditionally.  One half of one tenth of one percent of that does not seem all that unreasonable to make the airport more accessible when us oldsters want to go visit the grandkids.

 $3.5 million to enclose a 1/4 mile span and install heaters seems pretty wasteful to me. Its not that long of a walk and it doesn't get that hot/cold here. I do think the golf carts for disabled people is a good idea though. Cut a hole in the concrete? The largest that is a single structure. Who are we losing to? TIL I had no idea! Your mom is larger True, but imagine how it is for elderly people, especially in winter.  I would rather they just spend a few $100 to put up some signs about slow walkers moving to the right What happens when someone hits the emergency stop? This kills the passenger? 3.5 minutes?  BULLLLLSHIT.  I walk fast as fuck, and depending on where you are coming from it can be up to 15 minutes.   Getting to the el at O'Hare is fantastically easy, but don't kid yourself. It's more than a three and a half minute walk to *any* terminal there, and the train stops *inside* the airport. SeaTac isn't perfect but the train that gets ya there is doing just fine.  I meant that it is embarrassing that this is one of the first things that visitors and tourists experience when they first arrive to Seattle.  I get irrationally angry at poor signage and design. That's true but I could make some signs for under a thousand dollars. yeah, for a major airport that seems to make sense  You can blame UW for the poor UW station location.  They fought tooth and nail to make sure it wasn't in the Montlake Triangle, which would have made serving the UW campus, Medical Center, and stadium much easier.

You can also blame UW for the poor transfers at Mt. Baker station.   I would posit that none of those reasons are "good".

* Moving the SeaTac station closer to the terminal would have had no impact on the operations of the airport as an airport. However, it did threaten the Port's sacred parking revenue and that is a terrible reason not to make transit more convenient.
* The new WS line will be closer to the stadiums. Also, they built the tunnel after that area was already used for stadiums so the original sin for that goes back a long way and another example of how transit gets the short shrift. Take transit to a game here and see the circuitous walk to Stadium or the bottleneck nightmare of the walk to IDS and tell me that this is as good as we could hope for.
* The "actual UW neighborhood station" is still a 10+ minute walk from Red Square and requires crossing a busy road to get anywhere someone would consider campus. 

The "anything is better than nothing" attitude that people have towards transit here confuses me.  They're making a segue to a point about education budget being poorly spent in schools. Are either of those within walking distance of 5th and Jackson?

You know, the point where buses arrive in Seattle and leave for Issaquah. most japanese train stations have bathrooms. not sure what point you're trying to make To be fair, it's 3.5 minutes only at a very brisk pace - at over 4mph. I would like to see moving walkways eventually but heating and enclosing from the elements should go a long way toward making the walk more palatable, especially for tourists not used to our rainy winters. I have no issue with the distance. People taking the Link already almost certainly had to walk some distance to get to their origination terminal in the first place. Anyone who wants to minimize walking can call and Uber. Atlanta, Portland, DC-National, SLC off the top of my head domestic airports.  Ironically they actually do have underground rail beneath the tarmac to get people to South Satellite Terminal. They probably could have done something similar for light rail. Apparently it more had to do with the Port worrying about "construction impacts": https://www.seattletransitblog.com/2013/07/05/the-walk-from-seatac/

(note the post is from 2013!) I don't think so, the express bus they used to have dropped you off in front of the terminal. What's wonky about Chicago? O'Hare or Midway? Both airports have transit that's a farther walk away from the terminals than we have here, but at least they're well marked.  Now that's click bait Took an aged relative with a lame leg from SeaTac to light rail recently. It was... not a good choice.  As it is, it's not feasible for such. Period. For $25 million I say fuck the elderly. They got social security, that's a big enough win for them.  I may be reading into it but I thought they were enclosing it

> The Port of Seattle is moving forward with a $3.5 million plan to enclose it with heaters. Commuters are exposed to outdoor elements as they make the walk, which opened in 2009.

 you could _enclose_ it as well. what's the relative impact of that energy expenditure compared to the terminal? Did you just assume my age? *Triggered* /s

My point was they are going to spend $3.5M which will include carts to help make it more accessible to oldsters/disabledsters/othersters. Spending another $28M after that to tear it down and rebuild it with moving sidewalks just feels like overkill. Honestly, I feel as though lots of people in the Seattle area poke fun at the parking garage or have general disdain for it.  As someone who has to go to the airport, I am thrilled that I can always find parking in a timely fashion.  For all the hating that happened(/s) regarding ST3/light rail to Tacoma, the fact is need for airport access extends well beyond Seattle and areas that are serviced by any sort of transit. I think multiple structure parking garages would just be considered...ya know...multiple parking garages. [deleted] I'd be interested to see stats on how many elderly people are taking link with their luggage. I mean, it's legit concern and all but I just wonder how much of a use case that actually is. If I were elderly or disabled (maybe I should say when) I'd take advantage of the golf cart option for sure. They're also adding more golf carts as part of these new improvements.

[http://www.soundtransit.org/Rider-Guide/SeaTac-Airport-Station](http://www.soundtransit.org/Rider-Guide/SeaTac-Airport-Station)

>If you need help between SeaTac/Airport Station and the terminal, call Huntleigh (206) 396-5275 four to six hours before your arrival to reserve a wheelchair or golf cart. If you have an early morning flight, call the night before. Let the dispatcher know what time to meet you, your airline and flight number, and the number of bags.

 I'll make you a sign for three-fiddy.  Lol... that's a good question. Tuck and roll! I think you just got lost. It's actually a little less than 3.5 mins and that's at a leisurely pace.

3.5 mins from the entrance/exit of the terminal to the LINK station. How long it takes you to get from some random gate to the exit of the terminal is irrelevant.

[https://youtu.be/4vZBARSy2uU](https://youtu.be/4vZBARSy2uU) The weather? The horror of an exposed walkway! Why not enclose all of the downtown sidewalks while we're throwing money at problems. 
 I feel thats rationally angry. Being lost late at night or after a tiring flight due to poor signage sucks. There signs with arrows literally every 100 ft. I honestly don't know how you get lost on this path.

https://youtu.be/4vZBARSy2uU I hear you man. All good points. I guess Sound Transit has to choose its battles. How much longer would the original line have taken if they went into a protracted fight with the port about getting closer to the terminal? Obviously the port wasn't going to give up the parking, at least not without being compensated, so the next option would have been to place the elevated track over the road or something, which would have created traffic nightmares for years. I certainly wish the airport had been designed with transit in mind. Had we passed Forward Thrust in the 60' s maybe that could have happened.

My main point is that I don't think Sound Transit is trying to do things on the cheap and easy, they are just working within the constraints of the physical, economic, and political environments. Considering the challenges I understand the decisions made.

My hope is that now that they've proved they can deliver these projects on time and budget (and that people actually use them) that we'll see more willingness from communities for better placements and amenities. Unfortunately we don't see those improvements for decades. In the meantime I'm happy to see modest improvements like this one. The reasons are "good" because they were largely out of Sound Transit's hands.

ST is a powerful agency, but it's not the only player in the Seattle region. Mt. Baker and UW Stadium stations got borked because of UW. Airport station got borked because of the Port of Seattle. These are not organizations you choose to fight willingly, especially when it could mean years of construction delay and tens of millions of dollars in legal fees. There's restrooms at Union Station (Sound Transit headquarters), which is right next door.

The discussion thread is about Sea-Tac Airport Station anyway, so I don't get why you're bringing Chinatown into it. That most Japanese train stations have restrooms, idiot. Enclosing the whole fucking station too. I was at the station on Saturday around 7pm and it was hard to stay warm. The wind cuts right through the platform. I don't know, this guy's video makes it look like it doesn't take much more than a leisurely stroll to do it in under 3.5 mins. Moving walkways would be awesome but I'll settle for having it enclosed and heated for the time being.

[https://youtu.be/4vZBARSy2uU](https://youtu.be/4vZBARSy2uU) Why are we so worried about these tourists that are visiting for a weekend? Are they not going to be exposed to the elements during the rest of their time here? How about they dress appropriately. So uber and lyft don't work if you are wheelchair bound, and the yellow cab only has a small number of wheelchair cabs so they are very hard to book. Wheelchairs can use public transit though! It's a wonderful thing about trains and buses and the access vans. My mom who is dead now had ALS, and her last trip was to visit me in Seattle. We had to use the light rail, and that short walk became a slow exhausting trek. For me, making the light rail fully integrated is primarily an accessibility issue for folks with injuries and disabilities.  [uh](https://i.imgur.com/0T42yGx.jpg) It's much easier to buy a few wheelchairs for less than a hundred thousand. Also usually if you aren't able to walk very well they give you a wheelchair right after you get off the plane. How very Republican of you.  What the reporter speaking in the video says is that it's plastic sheeting enclosure, heat-reflective paint on the ceiling, and some heaters to the tune of $2,700/ft for the project.

It's still going to be a parking garage and some plexiglass walls might be nicer than nothing, but I don't get the impression there's going to be any insulation making this more efficient than patio deck heaters. It doesn't help that the garage itself is as ugly as the kingdome was. You would think that, but those who catalog these things apparently sometimes do and sometimes don't.  Truth Of course elderly people aren't taking link with their luggage today, it's not super-feasible. Adding a moving walkway would make it a realistic option and basing that on how many people are doing it today isn't a reasonable way to measure the utility. Huh? I've never heard of this! Regardless, these options need to be more visible. Furthermore, additional options never hurt anyone Doesn't mean that he can't *also* be irrationally angry at it as well though. Blindly running in a direction trying to catch a flight even if you arent sure you're going the right way is also awful.  >union station

Not open until 8 something. With all due respect, the walkway even in its current state would be the easiest part of a wheelchair trip to Sea-Tac. We don't design infrastructure to cater to the needs of the very few. Those with disabilities and injuries should absolutely have access to public transit and transit that gets them to the airport, but reconstructing the current infrastructure is a dumb thing to do considering that the distance from baggage claim to the train at SeaTac is relatively short compared to other US airports serviced by light rail. People who need help can use the golf cart services the airport currently provides, and I support expanding those services so everyone, no matter their condition, can use light rail to get to the airport.  (_ )_ )============D~~~~~ Does that include hiring people to push them in perpetuity?  Airport wheelchairs aren't just hanging around free to use, they're staffed by someone who pushes you around. Are you assuming I'm a Republican? Check your political privilege, bro! It's beautiful...it does exactly what it was designed to do: park large volumes of vehicles.

http://imgur.com/a/MrBYk It feels like stepping into a gulag,  but at least you're in and out fast. 

Id prefer to stick with ugly and cheap,  vs pretty and expensive. Lets toss the difference at another few miles of rail.  Someone was paid off by big parking.
 
*FOLLOW THE MONEY* The trip from the Sea-Tac station to the terminal is flat and covered. It is almost certainly less taxing than whatever route someone would need to take to get onto a Link in the first place. I really don't think a moving walkway would be the determining factor as to how feasible taking the Link would be for anyone. A traveler could easily walk a longer distance inside the terminal to get to their gate than the walk from the Link station to the inside of the airport. With your powers combined, **I** am **REALLY PISSED** I once landed at an airport I'd never been to, in a state I'd never been to, during my first time traveling to the eastern half of the US. We were still waiting to deplane by the time my layover was scheduled to close its doors, and the gate housing my layover wasn't printed on the boarding pass. I finally got off of the plane, had to ask fucking Google for the proper gate, ran my fat ass for several minutes as fast as I could with several bits of luggage with no idea where I was headed, simply following overhead signage as I went. Miraculously, I made it to my plane with several minutes to spare (somehow).

And that was my first and only experience so far with North Carolina - panic. How much you think those chair pushers get paid? I assure you, you could pay 12 people to do that and not even come close to 28 million dollars. I wonder why it's not symmetrical. I think the area on the right is just another parking lot that's blocked off now. My dad refused to park anywhere but the very top of the garage.  I always felt like I was going to barf after spinning for nine levels. found drew magary >FOLLOW THE MONEY

But remember you parked in the North West Aspen Lot, Level Q, Section Blue, Row 77, space 59, next to that PT Cruiser with the "wood" trim  It's not reasonable to disconnect them. That walkway sets the minimum distance one must walk to .25 miles. So yeah, that is not all they have to walk, but   for a lot of folks .25 miles to get to the bus stop is manageable but another .25 is not. Charlotte? If so, that airport is the best I've ever been to in the US in terms of signage.  Times the number of years you'd expect the bridge to be serviceable, not just 1 year.

So let's say the airport is open 20 hours a day (5am-1am, for people to catch the first and head out after the last flight of the day), and you need let's say 4 people working during that time to cover the needs of everyone (maybe you need less off peak and more on, but it's average 4) and you're paying them $15/hr minimum wage with a 10% overhead for admin HR stuff.  We won't give them any paid time off.  You're looking at $480K/year to hire those people, so, ~15 years (assuming minimum wage doesn't go up), but then you give back some because maintenance on the moving walkway isn't free, so let's say in ~20 years you've paid people what you could have spent on not paying to have people.

If the service life of the walkway is 20 years before it has to be completely replaced, then it's a wash on cost, but the walkway is a lot more convenient for and benefits everyone, except the few people who didn't get jobs pushing wheelchairs.  Every year after 20 you're saving money. [deleted] I always rock 6, G.  Near the bridges once you drop down to 4 ;> Anytime I see "BIG _____" I think the exact same thing! So they can walk 1/4 mile to catch the Link which would almost certainly be over a steeper grade than the walkway and unprotected, rest on the train, then suddenly be unable to walk an easier 1/4 mile? I don't see how that reasoning works. Yeah, Charlotte. Those signs were vital in me making it to my plane in minutes, for sure. It's better than that. Many people won't use a wheelchair for their own reasons, but *will* use a moving walkway. While it might seem at first blush to be a wash, the moving walkway could increase rail usage, reducing costs in other infrastructure.

This is the kind of thing that transit planners actually model. That's assuming you don't just have the same employees already pushing from ticketing to the gate just go from the light rail to the gate, they'd probably have to hire very few if any new employees. Any idea what they are putting in that empty lot to the north? I used to think that way, until I broke an ankle, had two surgeries, and months of rehab. It was entirely possible for 1/4 mile or less of walking to "use up" my ankle for the remainder of the day, and I would have to immediately ice and elevate to avoid painful swelling. I've since made a mostly full recovery, but I don't assume anymore that any distance is trivial.  The walk from my office to the link is basically the same as the walk from the link to the terminal. But really, you haven't experienced trying to do this with even a mild injury and don't know what you're talking about. You'd need more because the greater distance means they'd be unavailable for longer per person they helped.  That or they already have more capacity (people) than needed and could probably lay some people off today because they're spending a lot of time idle. Obviously there are going to be fringe cases. Someone in that condition isn't who we are talking about building a moving walkway for. In fact, they would be better off with being carted which is the current plan. Furthermore, they would be miserable on their flight since they probably wouldn't be able to elevate their ankle in the plane. I was on crutches for weeks, twice. I can only speak for myself but I know that if I can go 1/4 mile once, I could do it again after I rested. The distance would only be marginally greater per person when you consider how large the airport is.  I wonder if they can get one of those motorized carts in the skybridge. Yeah it was a miserable flight but my mom was dying so I dealt with it. Definitely a corner case and I must have looked truly pathetic at the funeral.  There are lots of borderline conditions. I have some issues with my foot, and I've definitely aggravated them walking to and from public transit.

Anyone over 40 who is relying on public transit day in and day out for years is eventually going to run into these sorts of issues. They aren't corner cases, they're virtually guaranteed if you do this long enough. I'm still in my 20's, but I've already seen the issues and I'm in pretty good shape all things considered.  >There are lots of borderline conditions.

And that's the gist of my original comment.

>I'd be interested to see stats on how many elderly people are taking link with their luggage. I mean, it's legit concern and all but I just wonder how much of a use case that actually is.

Sure those cases exist, but how often do they happen and is a $28M renovation the most effective way of dealing with those cases? You could put a fraction of $28M in fixed rate investment and more than easily pay for a staff to shuttle anyone who needs it from the Link to the terminal, or more likely, just expand the current staff who cart people around the inside of the terminal. Carting someone would also alleviate them from having to stand while on a moving walkway.

Edit: corrected renovation price. A better comparison is thinking about what you would pay to make the Link trip from UW to SeaTac 2 minutes faster. (As well as making it more accessible.) 

The UW link extension, just for comparison, cost 1.9 billion. (28 million is less than 2% of that budget.) The UW extension takes about 20 minutes to downtown, so just a little back-of-the-envelope calculation says that 28 million is roughly equal to 30 seconds of travel time on the link.

Obviously these numbers are super-fuzzy, but the point is that cutting a minute off the travel time is worth at least $28 million. If the justification is to speed travel that's one thing. My original comment was about the justification for elderly.

But since we're on the subject, the overall throughput increase of a moving walkway is debatable. Here's an article with more details: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/science/science-news/5836445/Using-the-airport-moving-walkways-actually-slows-you-down.html

Maybe a moving walkway would be better than not having one. I just hope the port does its homework beforehand so we don't have to read about a costly renovation to take it out in few years. 