Probably one of the best views of the city (in my opinion)  If you don't mind my asking, I'd like to know where that picture was taken from! I agree. I may get downvoted to hell for this, but I think the space needle is somewhat of an eyesore so the view from the south is my favorite. I also love seeing the city when I'm driving north on Rainer/MLK Way. I agree. You've cropped out the homeless very nicely.

The fact that Sound Transit had fenced the area below and removed the tent city also helps. Jose Rizal Bridge on 12th They have setup shop all around the fenced area and all over the exit/on ramps. ST isn't doing anything to enforce it. Every time I drive over that bridge there's a flock of people taking this exact same picture Awesome, didn't know about this place/view. My favorites are always whenever the mountain is out, of course. This is true. ST doesn't care about the homeless as long as they stay out of the fenced in area. This is unfortunate because it has pushed many of them in to the narrow and not so easily accessed areas between the retaining walls and the roadway.

There's nothing quite like entering the curved tunnel under I-90 from Rainier southbound to I-90 eastboard and as your eyes are adjusting to the darkness and with a very limited sight distance you have to dodge a guy on a bicycle pulling a wagon and a woman stumbling in random directions and someone half in a wheelchair sleeping with one arm over the fog line not to mention all of the trash that they toss in the roadway. And this isn't even a good shot. That's my experience almost everyday as I live right next to this nonsense.  I feel you. I had to take the battering ram (a.k.a. bollard) from the wheelchair dude and put it back in it's proper place in the park. I did however leave him with his jousting stick (a portion of one of those poles from the electric trolley buses). I have no clue how he got one of those but I didn't see the sense in returning it. The last time I was him he didn't have it any more but it seems he trained up because he did have a long stainless steel ~~jousting stick~~ pipe. 