Without a third streetcar line, are the other two worth keeping?  Probably not but the loss would be bigger than the cost of finishing it. It would be a shame to junk it on account of Durkan. >  The new streetcar.... wouldn’t be hindered by the traffic jams that plague Seattle streets for much of each day...

This is only half way true. They may have a dedicated lane but they still have to stop for traffic lights, homeless heroin zombies jaywalking, and illegally parked cars. And when they are blocked by a parked car or involved in an accident investigation, the entire line is shut down. The next bus that comes along at least can steer around the obstruction in these circumstances. Never should have been built in the first place - not one advantage over a bus, and many more drawbacks. Why was this needed? You can take the pioneer square light-rail station to Westlake and connect via that. Why waste so much additional taxpayer dollars on a route that already exists? One nice side effect was they reworked many sidewalks and intersections in ID around the same time as the project was started.  I don't remember where the funds for that came from.  The improvements make walking around a lot easier at least.  

Ridership might pick up once 85C is right at one of the stops.  I'm unsure where the Morimoto ramen place is going to be... we have several new restaurants at The Publix/old Uwajimaya block and a large space still open there. The project is at risk due to poor planning in the design phase.  Durkan was handed a shit sandwich of having to choose between an extra 100M in costs vs leaving a transit loop incomplete. 

Taking time to study the cost benefits and making a decision on the data seems reasonable enough to me.  

Based on the reports from KPMG, I would tend to say move forward with the project versus waste the previous investments.  The fare revenues seem to be high enough to recoup the overage over time.  

I was never a streetcar fan at all.  Few advantages over dedicated bus lanes and you are hard wired into serving a specific area.  They're definitely more comfortable to ride than a bus, but I tend to agree they're not worth it compared to the light rail, which is mostly grade separated and therefore actually useful.  Way easier for people with limited mobility (like wheelchairs) and the rest of the passengers as a result.  I heard once complete they have less overall maintenance costs than the bus My cyclist friend who shattered his forearm because of the tracks on Jackson would agree with you..piece of shit vanity project  Plenty of advantages over buses. Buses are dog shit.  Seattle excels at poor planning in design phases. Look at other cities around the world, they manage to have modern transit options and don't seem to fuck up when it comes to purchasing the correct sized parts. [deleted] [deleted] I bike and am capable of not riding on tracks that will obliterate me. Sounds like poor decision making.  Your friend needs to learn how to ride a bike. The tracks are not hidden. They are clearly visible. This is such a lame excuse. 

Don't ride on the tracks or near them. Don't be stupid.  Cyclists need to learn to share the road.  It's not grade separated, it's just in its own lanes. Link through the Rainier Valley isn't grade separated either.

Not sure what the technical line between streetcar and light rail is, but I'm pretty sure you need 2+ car trains to be light rail. Yes, and in order to get a wheelchair on the bus, the bus has to park, extend a ramp, the driver gets up to help the person get on, strap in, reverse ramp, and then drive to their stop, where they repeat this again.  You've been on a bus where this happens, right?

On the streetcar, it pulls up, a person in a wheelchair wheels themselves onto the car.  When it's their stop, they wheel off.  If there's any additional time needed, it's seconds instead of the minutes both times on a bus. He hit the tracks at a perpendicular but they were wet from the morning dew so the slick tracks still brought him down.. [deleted] You can't avoid them if you're crossing Jackson at 12th and he did cross at a perpendicular angle. Being an experienced cyclist from commuting around D.C. this wasn't his first rodeo I mean I can’t tell a person to be aware of their surrounds or anything, but shit man. Be careful on tracks, and you don’t die. Not hard.  Take the lane...? 