Access Transportation for the disabled: Public needs to force an audit of funds/dispatch and scheduling are not running properly. http://metro.kingcounty.gov/tops/accessible/accessvan.html

My husband is disabled in a wheelchair since birth and we sometimes use Access transportation to get around. Even though we have a van we can use, certain times it is better to use access to get to Seattle rather than find parking or if we would like to imbibe and not drive. 

I would like to challenge everyone to ride along on Access with a disabled friend or relative that uses the service. Not just a quick ride, but something that requires a ride to an event and a pick up later and report the experience and see how you feel about how the money is spent for fuel and the time wasted. 

My husband scheduled a ride last week to pick him up at home in Kent. They give a 30 minute window and say the ride will arrive between 8am and 8:30am. They arrive at 7:15 and call him at 7:30am to let him know that he has missed his ride because he was not outside at the correct time. They rescheduled the ride without notice, so since he missed the first ride, they also cancelled his return trip. He ended up taking a bus to his destination which required 3 transfers and several hours for just a local trip.

On 12/30, we scheduled Access for our Anniversary to take us to the EMP/Space Needle as we had a late lunch reservation. They picked us up as scheduled at Noon, picked up two others and dropped them off before proceeding to Tukwila to transfer us to another van, then took us to EMP and arrived at 2pm (2 hours on a poorly heated van!) 

We had a wonderful dinner at the Space Needle with a few drinks, followed by a few shots at the FUNHOUSE to celebrate! Our ride was scheduled to pick us up at 7pm. We returned to the EMP at 7, our ride didn't show until 8pm, Then it returned us to Tukwila Community center to transfer and wait for another rider. This rider, coming from the Supermall in Auburn, was returning to her home in the North Ranier Valley area. We were then taking on the route to her home before returning to ours in Kent, so backtracking up the freeway to Seattle. We got home at 10pm. 

5 hours to get from Kent to seattle and back again is unacceptable. I think the dispatchers and routers feel that disabled people will not or cannot complain, but with all the concerns over money and financing in this county/city, I would love to see full audit of the efficiency of this system!  ... and I get mad when the bus is 15 minutes late. I'm sorry you have to deal with crap like that. My grandpa takes the Access to dialysis and they are always late. The dispatchers and routers are terrible.  Pay for transportation or don't and get the service you expect for nothing.  Public transportation is way over budget. That shit isn't free. Access is not a free service and we do pay for it. Also, good luck with trying to get a wheelchair cab. Lucky if they ever show up because if a cash paying customer hails them before they get to you they will take the immediate cash over a longer deadhead ride back from dropping you off
 