THANK YOU to the young man who intervened and stopped a man from harassing a woman on the bus (SB Route 5) last night. (Also, please pay attention to what is happening around you on the bus) Last night we were taking a bus (Route 5) to the Mariners game.    We sat in the seats right after the stairs that overlook the sideways seats facing the back door.   I believe on the Pine & 3rd stop (surprise, surprise), a very visibly dirty and smelly homeless man got on and stood at the front looking at each person, which initially caught my attention.  At one of the next few stops (3rd and Seneca), he acted very strange when a woman in a wheelchair was trying to get off of the bus.  He wouldn't move and was just staring at her with a very creepy smile.

 Anyway, at that stop a woman in heels and a dress was the last to get on and caught his attention.  The man followed her while staring at her ... backside, and smiling as he looked her up and down.   He sat down at the first row of the second segment of the bus (after the bending part) and faced backwards, while smiling at her, again in a very weird way (she was sitting in the seats facing the back door).  I alerted the person I was sitting with of what he was doing and told them that it was really bothering me.   After not even 30 seconds, the man stood up and walked towards her.  He sat down and started saying something to her that I couldn't exactly make out but I believe he was complimenting her.    He went to grab her arm and, as I was about to stand up and say something to him, a teenage boy wearing dress khakis and a button-up shirt stood up from his seat and said, "Bro, stop harassing that lady!  I see you over there.  If you don't stop touching her I will come over and make you! Go back to your seat and leave her alone!".  The man looked up at the teenager (who was sitting across the aisle from us) and I was scared of his possible reaction, but he ended up slinking up to the front of the bus and getting off at the next stop.  

When our stop came, I made sure to thank the young man as I was getting off the bus and, even though I was interrupting his friend's story he was telling, he was so gracious in accepting my gratitude. 

So...
If you are reading this, THANK YOU again.  I appreciate you standing up for that woman.  I know she did not even acknowledge you (for whatever reason), but I hope you know that I, as a woman, appreciate what you did.  You handled the situation so well and I am proud that you were being observant and not glued to your phone and ignoring what was happening in front of you.



I guess I will add a tl;dr since this was longer than expected:

**tl;dr: A man got on bus and followed then harassed a woman on the bus.  A young teenage boy got up and intervened.  I am posting this in appreciation of this young man AND to tell people to PAY ATTENTION on the bus.  Too many people around her were not aware of what was happening.**

----


**Edit:** Shoutout to /u/LordDivo for making women who have their guard up the bad guys. Keep spreading that victim shaming nonsense, bro.  Allow me to highlight one segment:


> "It angers me, and every time I hear another of your ilk regurgitate the same shit, it angers me still. You are not a victim. That woman was not a victim. That young man was not a hero.
The only crime I see is that a man victimized by society has been victimized once more and you are more concerned with hormonal young men being valiant for attractive women than you are with your cruelty of thought."  - /u/LordDivo 

 I didn't realize you were also on the bus with us, LordDivo.  Next time make sure to say hi!  They should probably just have that playing from speakers on downtown buildings:

"Caution, vehicle exiting... "

"Bro, stop harassing that lady!" One of my personal goals was to overcome my fear of confronting people in public who are doing something wrong. It's still scary and sometimes I make a spectacle of myself, but I will never allow myself that feeling of shame for not speaking up again.  I drive for metro out on the east side and it really pains me to have to say that many of our drivers are assholes who wouldn't have helped you.   I'm glad we're all looking out for each other! That is one awesome teenager!! When I was in college, I lived on the 358 route (now the E line). I can't tell you how often I was harassed by drunk guys or homeless guys or just douches.  Even sitting by the bus driver did no good. So glad I only rarely have to take that bus. I've been harassed so much on the bus (and off the bus...) and no one has ever given any indication of noticing, much less caring. One time, a man came straight up to me, sat down next to me and made me take down his phone number. Another time, a guy started flirting with me in the tunnel and loudly said, "You're funny. I bet you're a handful in bed." I even got groped by a man behind me when I was on my way to work. Women are constantly made to feel unsafe and unwelcome in the world. 😡😡😡 I can't tell you how often I was scared he would hurt me. This happened in my country. We were in a train. A guy who was drunk was yelling at one girl ( yelling in some different language ). We were unable to figure out if she was his daughter or some stranger. Then he started touching here. But the girl didn't say anything at all to that yelling and touching. ( Please girls at least shout when someone does this). Anyways one of my friend stood up and slapped that drunk guy very hard. That guy was floored with that slap. We got to know that girl was too scared to shout. The other day a crazy woman threatened to shoot me in the head on the 132. Here's a video of how she was acting https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65JrPZ93xxA It's unfair that we have to feel unsafe and unwelcome in the world. Thank you for bring awareness to this situation. As a man it's hard to know sometimes when a woman is genuinely in need of help. Comment to /u/poppycorn on the edit, albeit vaguely in defense of some of my comments on this thread - Doesn't seem like /u/Lorddivo is making women who had their guard up into bad guys. Per your post, it would seem as though this woman may not have had her guard up. Young man may have been a hero (although I would wonder if he would do the same thing if it were some hideous trainwreck of a woman instead of an attractive woman in heels... willing to have a conversation on that front if people are interested), but I sure as shit am not going to excuse any of these perceived "victims" of their actions or inactions. The sexual predator on the bus should not be acting in that way, mental illness or not, and woman in the heel and dress should not be tolerating such actions and should be responding in kind. As you described the situation I would personally never get involved because I think it would be disrespectful to assume this woman wasn't capable of handling herself in a social situation. I'm not going to assume she's some sort of helpless victim and I honestly take her non-reaction to her 'savior' as supporting this idea that she could have handled it herself. 

If it turned physical or things even started to escalate beyond just a person approaching another person, then sure, I'd step in to support anyone. But in my mind this notion that people should be on the look out to save women from uncomfortable social situations seems not only over the top but also somewhat patronizing towards women.

 >Shoutout to /u/LordDivo for making women who have their guard up the bad guys. Keep spreading that victim shaming nonsense, bro.

Just because you are so paranoid you see danger behind every man's gaze doesn't mean you are actually in any danger. It's in your mind and you need to cut that shit out. You are not a victim. You were never under threat of being a victim. Unless you consider being talked to be a homeless man "victimized." What privileged, white girl nonsense.

Once upon a time, I boarded the 150 heading to Kent Station. It was late at night, people were tired, and there was a man yelling at the top of his lungs at the back of the bus. He was homeless, clearly deranged, and drunk. Naturally I went straight to the back of the bus and sat next to him. The passengers on the bus were clearly uncomfortable by him. He had boarded all the way back at King's Station, lord knows how that bus driver put up with him for so long. 

He was ranting and raving about how he was the Archangel Michael and he was going to destroy the world. He even put his hands on me a few times. Not violently, just passionately, as the two are often mistaken but easily told apart by a keen eye. Some people, particularly one young lady, were scared of him. She was afraid he was going to pull out a weapon and attack people. I knew better. He only had the clothes on his back, which wasn't saying much, and a bottle of liquor in his hand. Which he kindly shared with me might I add. I engaged him in conversation, ribbed him about the crazy things he was saying, even egged him on a little. It was a fun bus ride. We got to Kent Station, he went on his crazy way, and I boarded my next bus.

So forgive me if, when you paint this homeless man as a villain, I see it as speaking far more about you than him. You live in fear of a boogieman that doesn't exist. Men are not out to get women around every corner, homeless men are not deranged killers and rapists, waiting to strike. By your own account he did nothing wrong. He didn't hurt anyone, he didn't threaten anyone, he was an unwashed homeless man, possibly a bit unhinged. That doesn't make him dangerous and more importantly **it doesn't make him a harasser.**

Yes, you disgust me, because you are not a victim but are so paranoid about the world around you that you perceive yourself to be one, or under threat of being one, in innocuous situations. But it's not enough for you to be unreasonably afraid, you feel the need to throw others under the bus to feed your false fear. And typically with women it's men they treat this way, under the guise of harassment. That strikes a sensitive nerve for me as well, considering I am a man.

I am tired of women like you constantly talking about living in fear when you are in no danger what so ever. I am tired of women like you painting innocent men with the red paint of a villain. I am tired of women like you, in your quest to seek validation and support, making *actual* victims out of men. I have seen too many men suffer because of women like you, I have seen too many homeless or socially awkward men have their lives ruined by the haphazard accusations of pearl-clutching, privileged women like yourself. You disgust me and I say it again, you should be ashamed not just for your words here today, but for your very thoughts. >PAY ATTENTION on the bus.

Seems you assume people aren't. Yet you yourself apparently were and still did nothing. I think most just choose to not get involved. How dare you hold a different opinion /u/LordDivo !  You're just aiding the patriarchy everytime you disagree with the /u/poppycorn 's narrative.  You're not echo-chambering correctly :/ ...what? That's hardly harassment. Looking at someone isn't harassment, speaking to someone isn't harassment, and touching someone is dubious. If he just gently held her arm I wouldn't call that harassment at all.

If I had to guess, the woman didn't acknowledge the young man because she never felt under threat and did not want his "help". And as far as I can tell, the only reason you felt that man should not be engaging with that woman is because he was, in your words, a "dirty and smelly homeless man." You have no idea who that man was, what he's like, you haven't even a clue what he said to that woman. But you judge him none the less in one of the worst ways. I have a hard time believing that if a conventionally attractive man had engaged the woman in a similar fashion you would retain the same level of concern. But because he was homeless and unclean, you assume him to be dangerous and ill mannered from the onset. I am more disgusted by you than I ever could be by that man. You should be ashamed of yourself. i like how op didnt do jack shit

paying attention is meaningless if you dont do anything about it Bros to the rescue! Would you be receptive to my advice if I actually gave it? I've touched on it elsewhere in this thread, but I welcome the opportunity to spell it out more clearly. 

1. Change your mindset. Be aware of what is going on around you, project an assertive attitude, and be prepared for possible scenarios that you think might occur. Don't just think, "what could that person do to me?" But also, "If they do that, how will I respond?" Because aggressors sure as shit won't try to make things fair for you.
2. Take a self defense class. The more you know about how to actually handle yourself in an altercation, the more you will be able to execute on item 1. 
3. After item 2, revisit your mindset. I'm putting this as number 3, but it really should be something you continually observe and revise. Think about what *you* can do to make yourself safe. For example, walking down an alley, alone, late at night? That might be a bad call. I don't do that even though I'm an adult male and I tend to be armed. Would it be great if people wouldn't rob or kill you? The law says they aren't allowed to, but reality sure as shit suggests otherwise. And you know what, the law says I would be fully justified in shooting them if they tried to rob me. But I have thought about it, and through understanding my mindset I have made the decision that I don't need to put myself in that situation in the first place. 
4. Revisit item 2. Perhaps this iteration includes weapons, mace, or other more advanced techniques. 

All of this is really about responsibility for one's self; where we can talk about self defense, financial responsibility, being a kind and respectful person and supportive lover, and a level of self-awareness that most people in this world just don't have, where I could go deeper and suggest things like meditation, yoga, and goal planning.

All in all, be a kind person but don't expect the world to be kind back, and be prepared to handle yourself because it's a dick move to expect other to take care of you if you won't take action to take care of yourself.  You people need to get off the SJW/Tumblrina/muhfeminism stuff for a bit. Unplug. Disconnect the wifi. Go take a walk in the forest or something. Ground yourself for Christ's sake. Every man isn't looking at every woman. If a man looks at or speaks to you it doesn't mean he wants to rape you and eat your babies. You people defy logic. 

Let's put some effort into actual "feminist" issues like child brides, female circumcision, actual oppression and not just some pink haired; cat eye glasses wearing lunk screaming about their sayfe spayce...or even better, someone else's sayfe spayce [deleted] It would probably help people look up from their phones once and awhile, eh? I work outside near the building that had the glass fall. I hear that damn speaker go off every few minutes. I have trouble with diagnosing the borderline cases, where an interaction looks somewhat uncomfortable for the woman, but I'm not sure if it has crossed the line into needing intervention, and she's not giving any direct indication of wanting to be "rescued". I worry whether my impulse to intervene is warranted in this particular case, or is grounded in ingrained patriarchal notions of wanting to "protect women" (I worry about this especially when I find the woman in question attractive -- are my motivations entirely pure?)

There's also the problem that by intervening I could turn the situation from merely uncomfortable to outright dangerous -- I have been attacked for intervening in the past. I am a large guy, and can come across as intimidating and provoke a fight response even when I don't intend to. I want to be a good person and do the right thing in these situations but I don't always know what that is. When I was a kid my dad said to me "in certain cases son you either gonna be doing the fucking or getting fucked, you figure out which one you want to be". Remember that quote when you are nervous about confronting someone.  Why are drivers like.. crazy? I mean I get it the job probably is annoying with rude people but drivers either are friendly and the coolest people ever or drive PAST your stop and drive like crazy maniacs and I'm from Chicago so I'm used to that  Yeah, I had a man physically block me from leaving the bus because he was pissed that I had my dog on a bus with all of three passengers on it.

Every other person on that bus just watched. Me too! 


However, the bus was pretty full and there were probably only 4 or 5 people who realized what was going on (until the teenager yelled, that is) and he walked the entire bus looking at people.   Oh God the 358 during the days of the free ride zone downtown was a nightmare, but telling people you lived through that is like the metro equivalent of telling people you landed at Normandy on D Day. I've seen multiple people shit themselves on the bus I've seen people pull knives I've seen crazy people yelling to no one at the top of their lungs. I'm so glad that route is technically gone and the free ride zone doesn't exist anymore.  I only got harassed badly once on the bus, and someone did come to my rescue.  I was going to visit my mom for the weekend so I was bussing all the way from Tacoma to South Park at 9:00 on a friday night. This guy got on the bus, sat right next to me and started asking how much money I wanted for a blow job. I was ignoring him and kind of frozen but he kept on and got closer and closer and offered me meth (!!) in an attempt to lure me off the bus. This chick with betty bangs and tattoos saw what was going on and asked me to sit with her in the back row of seats so she was between me and the creep and just stared him down til he got off at the next stop.  I have never felt so dirty or scared in my life, but it could have been a lot worse in that nearly empty bus if that girl hadn't helped me out. I saw a guy trying to do that on the 554.  I looked over to my left (across the aisle since I was on the right side with my kids) and saw a creepy dude pushing his hand in between the seats to try and grope the woman in front of him.  I made a noise, we made eye contact, his hand went back, and he proceeded to get off at the next stop.  As a dude (and now dad) who has been riding public transportation for 10+ years, I was horrified.  I had no idea that was even a thing! A few years back I got groped on the bus (71), too. But this guy sat next to me and rubbed my thigh and started rubbing my crotch, and I got scared and got off the bus way earlier than my intended stop. I wish I was brave enough to get up and make him stop. I was scared he would hurt me. 

Still feel dirty thinking about it. -_- That's terrible!  I, myself, have also been harassed a handful of times on the bus so I am always trying to be aware of my surroundings and look out for others when I am not traveling alone.   I'm sorry those things have happened to you =/.
 >  no one has ever given any indication of noticing, much less caring.

If I see some guy I don't know sit down next to a woman I also don't know on a bus and they appear to be exchanging phone numbers, I am going to assume it is none of my business.  If you think about it from the perspective of a casual observer, there is nothing clearly problematic *to* notice.  I might be able to pick up on things like body language cues, but again, for all I know if a woman seems tense about an interaction but is not requesting help it could be a couple having a fight or etc...not to mention that looking hard and long enough to try to suss out those cues could easily end up making *me* look like the creep staring at women on the bus.

Just some food for thought I guess, if you want decent bystanders to do something about a situation you might need to at least signal that there is a problem. Well if you want to live in a place where harassment is not tolerated in public, including the bus, come on down to Portland.  I've seen and heard of many instances where that type of behavior is immediately shut down. This is a thorny issue to comment on in the way I'm about to - it's easy to come across as victim-blaming, but that's not my intention. 

I've lived in major metropolitan areas all of my adult life, from Baltimore to Boston to Seattle, and one constant is street harassment from shitheads and crazies. It's especially bad if they think they can get away with it (you're young, you're a woman, you're small etc). I've found that the best way to handle people like this is to use your voice. Saying "Stop harassing me" or "Don't touch me" or "This man is harassing me" in a very loud /yelling voice draws all attention towards you and the shithead. In my experience, which may or may not represent something generalizable, these kinds of people are easily cowed by forceful negative attention, especially if onlookers are alerted. 

Young women in particular have difficulty doing this, since women are conditioned to be "nice" even when others are crossing lines - takes a lot of years to deprogram that shit and assert yourself.  My fiance gets this all the time at Northgate Mall; she's just trying to do her job, walk to our place/work, and she gets called "cutie" and harassed even plainly wearing an engagement ring. 

She recently got a thing of pepper spray just in case - but it's ridiculous that people feel that they need that protection; just be good to people, people.
 As a pretty normal guy who rides the bus all the time, I've seen something like that happen a couple of times. Both times, some other guy was all over it and helping right away. Try showing some spine? Try being afraid of public protectors because people who have skin like you keep getting shot for no reason. Ever been to syria/gaza/palestine? Don't be a lonely victim..lots of people being made feel unwelcome not just american women. I'm so glad I don't live that way anymore. Going from South Park to Seattle (or vice-versa) was always a crapshoot. I've seen stabbings, fights, and harassment too much on that route. It's not getting better, either.  Not to be a dick, but no one ever said life would be fair, safe or welcoming. I always try to advocate people do something to empower yourself. Make others feel welcome, take charge of your own safety. If you aren't willing to advocate for yourself, why the fuck should anyone else? I know what you mean.  It's hard to show you need help too. Step in and you're accused of denying women's agency and treating them like children. Don't step in and you're treated like an accessory to a crime, or called a coward and less of a man for not defending women.

There's no winning. With the perpetually victimized, they'll always find a way to paint you as the bad guy. My rule is that unless someone is showing clear signs of wanting help, I don't interfere in other people's lives. I'd be mortified if they interfered with mine over anything less.  >But in my mind this notion that people should be on the look out to **save women from uncomfortable social situations** seems not only over the top but also somewhat patronizing towards women.

I appreciate your comment, but I was asking people to look out for everyone, not just women.   For people to pay attention to things going on around you on the bus, or even walking down the street.   > That strikes a sensitive nerve for me as well, considering I am a man.

Boo-fucking-hoo. If this is your honest takeaway from this situation, you're the most clueless lonely neckbeard caricature imaginable. 

> You disgust me and I say it again, you should be ashamed not just for your words here today, but for your very thoughts.

Caricature confirmed.  I am a woman. I am tired of women like this as well. My one upvote won't do much for your imaginary internet points, but I'll be goddamned if I'm going to join in on the brigade of downvoters. You are 100% correct. I'm glad you picked those five words out of the entire post to criticize me. Thank you. I've been a bad goyim. > conventionally attractive man

You think this is what it's all about, don't you? I get approached often from men of all levels of attractiveness and being creepy is creepy no matter what. The thing about attractive people is that their appearance is generally together because they have social skills and their life together enough to understand social cues, personal space, and so on. "Hey, I'm __, I'd love to take you out sometime" is a completely different interaction from "Hey you look damn fine where you goin?" Sometimes you get them from opposite appearances than what you expect, but that's rare. You already know from OP's backstory that the guy was acting bizarre. Not to mention, the guy in the incident chose the woman solely based on her appearance, which fulfills your definition of scum. When I'm dressed up and taking public transit, I'm not looking for attention from anyone. I'm looking nice to fit in the atmosphere of where I'm going. Girls don't just gawk over attractive guys who talk to us and we don't dress up for it.  Ahh reddit, I knew these comments would come.


Look, I left a lot of details out of the story but used certain descriptors to paint a picture.  I did not mention the fact that he was aggressive towards the driver when he got on and refused to pay his fare,  that it took the woman getting off the bus at least 5 minutes to do so (and the entire time this man was staring at her AND the woman he later harassed, who was outside at the time), or that he hopped seats and was looking for who was alone and an easy target.  I left those details out because they weren't important to the general message, which was that I was proud of the young man for standing up for the woman who was CLEARLY not enjoying this man touching her and actually offended him when she turned her head and plugged her nose.  He became more aggressive and touched her after she turned away.


I don't know why I am even explaining this to you.  You're just going to find another thing to paint me as the bad guy.   **Here is a tip though, don't tell someone that you're disgusted in them for them judging a person harassing multiple women on a bus, then in the next sentence judge them for feeling unsafe because they might have been the next target had a teenage boy not stood up and intervened.**  
 The other person reacted before I did.   Thanks for your comment!  OP: Hey this situation was deescalated and resolved with social pressure and people watching out for their neighbor.

/u/man_made_explosion: fuck that you should stop playing the victim and get a weapon. No one is taking it to that level but you.  Do you feel safe walking in a parking garage at night? Do you feel safe walking home from the bar at night? Dirty and smelly is probably an accurate physical description. And his actions sure sound like they were pretty malevolent  I left out a lot of details that I elaborated on in another post including how he was surveying the bus and trying to find the easiest target, and that the woman offended him by plugging her nose and turning away from him.  I chose to use those details to paint a picture and I stand by my decision to do so.  

And I agree, he absolutely did the right thing and I am thankful he did. Once in a while * [deleted] You sound like you're largely on the right track. I'd say, if you can see that the woman looks uncomfortable at all, a simple "Hey, everything all right? Is he bothering you?" is fine.

You're right, borderlines are tricky. Thanks for trying to be good, trying is so much better than just not caring! While we may only encounter these situations once in a while, the drivers encounter them many times.  Reacting to these situations in any way could lead to injury, which the bus company would then have to pay for and could cost hundreds of thousands of dollars (health care, workman's compensation, and possible lawsuits).  therefore, it is policy to not intervene.

conversely, if a bystander intervenes, the bus company is not liable. therefore, they are happy to have you help out. That would be false imprisonment, which is a felony.  Have you thought of calling the police and/or being armed in various ways? [deleted] I once watched the 358 drive by while I was across the street waiting to cross. Pissed as hell, I sat down and waited for the next one. Get on, we catch up to the one I missed, surrounded by cops and an ambulance. Some psycho stabbed someone on that bus. Soooo glad I missed that bus! Holy crap, that sounds so scary.  I am glad that girl helped you out! if you ever see it again, tell the bus driver. often victims are too scared to think straight or protect themselves.  I am so sorry. That is disgusting! If anything ever happens like this to you or anyone reading this, go to the front and tell the driver.

These fuckers aren't just sexually assaulting you, they repeat this despicable behavior. They are on camera and audio on the bus and need to be prosecuted for this vile shit.

Remain calm (or blow the fuck up on the guy as he is doing it). Act nonchalant, tell the driver that you were sexually assaulted and want him to radio the police about it because the assailant is still on the bus and you do not want anyone else to be attacked. You aren't just protecting yourself from this shit. That is so not right! You gave me the courage to keep an eye out! I won't be ashamed to stand up. It's not your fault. I'm sorry you had to go through that. I feel conflicted in saying he should get violated too. I mean, no one should get violated. But I wish he could know how you felt.  So sorry. No one should have to go through that. This happened to me recently and I was scared to do anything at first, but then I harshly elbowed his arm away and he stopped. When he got on the bus he did that thing where he looked at each person sitting on the bus and decided to pick who his victim would be too :\ (even though he placed his cart of stuff in the front seats) I feel so stupid not sticking up for myself, and I try to be more vocal about it now. I'll call out catcallers (street harassers), keep an eye out for other women and try in general to have more of a backbone as I get older. At the same time, it feels so exhausting and so futile and so unfair.  It doesn't seem to be popular around here, but I also like to err on the side of minding my own business. I've seen fights get several times the size they needed to be because everyone wants to step in and be a hero. I started texting my BF when I get particularly heinous cat calls, and he's been pushing me to get something to protect myself.  Oh fuck off, nowhere did they say only American women deal with shit.  Really fucking helpful advice 

/s I agree.
Life is not fair, and it is not supposed to be.
To paraphrase Richard Peck, it is a series of problems to solve.

We can hide from the problems, we can try and get someone else to take care of them for us, we can ignore them and hope they will go away instead of get bigger or we can assess them and deal with them. Anyone care to explain why they are downvoting me, or am I just going to sit here and chuckle at the irony of a bunch of passive aggressive Seattlites not advocating for themselves? Hmm, I feel like the implication from your post oriented around women and the comments seem to reflect that but its kind of irrelevant because I disagree either way. People should be able to handle themselves in social situations like you described, I'm not going to just assume someone can't handle it and that I need to step in and 'save' them.  Brilliant retort. You sure showed me. :*^*)

I mean, fuck men, right? Yeah, men suck. Boo-fucking-hoo indeed. He is 100% correct. Also, if you think that this post outlines harassment...your entitlement is showing. Legbeard caricature confirmed in any one of your replies to /u/LordDivo.  I appreciate the reply. I couldn't care less about my karma, I expected as much to happen, especially once she edited my name into her OP. This is /r/Seattle after all.

It's pleasing to know that despite portraying herself as such she, and women like her, don't actually speak for all women. >You think this is what it's all about, don't you?

That's clearly what it's about, yes. This guy did nothing wrong. Looking at people is not wrong. Trying to strike up conversation with a stranger is not wrong. His only crime was being homeless and smelly. That was enough to set off the alarm bells of "Danger! Danger!" in OP's mind. That's all it was. He was an unattractive man who had taken interest in an attractive woman. 

The gall, that he should think he could be treated like a normal human being. I sure hope that hero of a man taught that monster his lesson.

>the guy in the incident chose the woman solely based on her appearance

**News flash: That's how most men operate.** They see an attractive girl and decide they'd like to get to know her, to see if her mind is as beautiful as her body. Men find women's bodies attractive, it's how we mate as a species, it's how most sexually dimorphic species mate. You're literally calling all men scum with that criticism. *Men like women's bodies.*

I think this just goes to show how much you hate men and male sexuality. "He-he-he was ATTRACTED TO HER BODY! LYNCH HIM!"  >I left a lot of details out of the story...

Then you should not be surprised when someone comes to a different conclusion than you when you have not provided all the facts.

I will judge you as I please, just as you feel free to judge that man without an opportunity for him to defend himself. I see no crime in his actions. I don't give a damn how long or how many people he looked at, looking at someone is not harassment. And see the way you describe his behavior:

>he hopped seats and was looking for who was alone and an easy target.

You're pre-judging his behavior as malevolent. You don't know that's what he was doing, he may have just as well been looking to have conversation with someone. But again, you assume him nefarious because of his status in life and interpret his actions through that lens. And given this I have to wonder exactly how "aggressive" he became. Considering your dishonesty prior and your clear bigotry towards the homeless, I don't entirely trust your word on the matter any longer.

The fact is you, nor anyone else, were in danger or under threat. The fact that the woman did not so much as even give the young man a silent nod of approval tells me she was more concerned about the scene he made than his "rescue."

So again I say, you repulse me. Homeless men are misunderstood and reviled by society, they are true victims of man's cruelty and callous disregard. I have heard this story over and over, I have witnessed it myself on more than one occasion. Innocent men who are painted as mustache twirling villains when they are nothing of the sort. I concede this man may not have been completely stable, many homeless suffer mental illness. They deserve your compassion, they are not dragons to be slain by white knights for ladies held hostage. It angers me, and every time I hear another of your ilk regurgitate the same shit, it angers me still. You are not a victim. That woman was not a victim. That young man was not a hero.

The only crime I see is that a man victimized by society has been victimized once more and you are more concerned with hormonal young men being valiant for attractive women than you are with your cruelty of thought. From the moment that man stepped on the bus he was a criminal in your eyes. I say it again, you should be ashamed of yourself. you wanna hear something funny? I just started tagging users who say really dumb shit less than a week ago and dahdly's already appeared 3 times in 3 different subreddits.  Seriously? That's what you got from this? I didn't include even the possibilities of a weapon until step 4... and even then, it was within the context of understanding your own mindset and what level of responsibility you want to take for yourself. To illustrate that, lets revist my list, with some specifics removed:
>
1.    Change your mindset. Be aware of what is going on around you, project an assertive attitude, and be prepared for possible scenarios that you think might occur. ~~Don't just think, "what could that person do to me?" But also, "If they do that, how will I respond?" Because aggressors sure as shit won't try to make things fair for you.~~
2.    Take a ~~self defense~~ class. The more you know about how to actually handle yourself in ***a situtation*** ~~an altercation~~, the more you will be able to execute on item 1.
3.    After item 2, revisit your mindset. I'm putting this as number 3, but it really should be something you continually observe and revise. Think about what you can do to make yourself ***better*** ~~safe. For example, walking down an alley, alone, late at night? That might be a bad call. I don't do that even though I'm an adult male and I tend to be armed. Would it be great if people wouldn't rob or kill you? The law says they aren't allowed to, but reality sure as shit suggests otherwise. And you know what, the law says I would be fully justified in shooting them if they tried to rob me. But I have thought about it, and through understanding my mindset I have made the decision that I don't need to put myself in that situation in the first place.~~
4.    Revisit item 2. Perhaps this iteration includes ~~weapons, mace, or other~~ more advanced techniques.

Am I saying in any way that it is wrong someone spoke out? Not at all, and I don't see where someone would infer that. What I am saying is to rely on other people to speak out when it is not in their best interest (getting pissed on by a crazy hobo is not on most people's lists of 'fun stuff to do on the bus after a long day at work'), is a foolish mistake. Sure, it's great when your neighbor looks out for you and social pressure deescalates the situation -- but again, it's fucking stupid to bet your life, psychological and physical well-being on the hope that someone will stand up for you. Yes. I do. Because I'm not a delicate flower. I walk with squared shoulders and make eye contact with everyone I pass.

Edit: OP took it to that level by watching this man, LOOKING AT HIM - according to your logic, that's harassment; monitoring his movements - that's harassment; assuming that he was some sort of predator because she didn't like the way he looked - profiling and discrimination; watching the woman - harassment; thanking and congratulating a mini white knight for harassing a homeless man on the bus (condoning and rewarding harassment and discrimination).

So. There's that. How you feel is irrelevant. The fact is, you are safe. Women, especially middle class white women, are the least victimized group in society. Men of any background are far and away the victims of most crimes, particularly violent crimes. Statistically it's far safer to be a woman out at night than a man. /r/im14andthisisdeep/

And seriously, if you think Seattle and surrounding areas is a dystopian land you need to get out of the Pacific NW and check out the rest of the country and the world. Damn, missed my stop! If in doubt, just ask! Having been on the other end of it, I've been harassed for an entire bus ride while trying to give deer in headlights looks to everyone around me without the harasser catching on and possibly setting him off. I would have been SO RELIEVED to have someone say "Everything okay over there?" and/or pretend to be my friend so I could move away from him without escalating the situation (like "Hey Rachel (or insert fake made up name here), didn't see you there! Where you been all this time girl? Come over here and catch me up!" Yeah, I started carrying pepper spray after that. So I should live in fear of men twice my size swearing at me and blocking my way because of something that is allowed by the city of Seattle? The 358 (now RapidRide E) used to be 359 but the route number was changed after a passanger shot the driver causing [the bus to crash of the North end of the Aurora Bridge](http://www.historylink.org/index.cfm?DisplayPage=output.cfm&file_id=734) in 1998. This is great advice. :)  I remember at the time I felt so ashamed that I let it go on for so long (it was an express bus, so not many stops) that I just wanted to get off the bus immediately. 

I hope others read your message and follow your advice!  I'm glad my story helps others. I rarely take the bus anymore, but when I do I definitely keep an eye out these days to help others. It's easy to feel helpless in that moment when it's happening, so I think it's great if we all look out for others. :)  That's some extra shady behavior. I'm glad you managed to elbow him. I wish that the whole experience didn't happen to you, though. :( I completely agree.  I think it's very hard to explain just how unsafe we feel, as women, to just walk out to our car sometimes.    It's unfair that we have to feel that way and have our guard up at all times.     Thank you for keeping your eye out for other women :) My father in law was the person who finally pointed it out to me: women are prey. I was telling my husband I feel unsafe in the back elevator of our apartment building, and he didn't understand why. Then I told his dad, who said, of course, because you are prey. Not literally, of course, but that's what it's like for women, and I don't think most men are aware of it. I'm middle aged now, and I still get cat called, and feel unsafe when men approach me in public. I don't think most are aware that they come off as a threat. 

Nothing at all to apologize for. I know the feeling exactly, and I constantly fear making some guy angry, and causing him to do something to hurt me. I would have taken down the number, too, and I'm ordinarily pretty assertive in my day to day life, but I wouldn't even have the nerve to call out a catcaller. I still fear angering the guy.  Don't feel stupid. They are the ones in the wrong and they're expecting society to stand by and let them. It's horrible but it happens and I'm so sorry it does :( You're not stupid. No one gave us a playbook for how to handle these situations. In fact, people hardly addressed this stuff at all until the internet made it easier for us to share our stories. It *is* exhausting and unfair, and we all have our shit to deal with. Yeah, women get harassed a lot and I try to keep an eye out for it when I'm in public, but the kinds of guys who openly harass women are also (in my experience) the kinds of guys who will fight another guy at the drop of a hat.

It sucks when a woman is made uncomfortable, but I'm not going to risk the very likely outcome of a physical altercation with a potentially armed, aggressive/crazy guy unless the harassment is at least heading towards becoming physical.  I would definitely suggest getting some pepper spray. Thankfully she usually drives to/from work when it's gonna be dark after she's off, but that's such a shitty way to live your life. [deleted] My 2c: what you're saying sounds a lot like victim blaming. There's an important aspect to timing of advice like this - saying "in general, be conscious of your dress when out on the street" is a lot different from "you got harassed because you were wearing a short skirt." Right after someone complains of being harassed is not the time to tell the victim she should have just empowered herself. 

Also, "no one said life would be fair" is a true but useless response to "life isn't fair." People who won't stand up for themselves would rather hear that there was nothing they could have done.  Of course people should be able to handle themselves in social situations, but sometimes there are situations where you should step in to help someone who maybe is frozen by fear or just needs assistance.  If your eyes are glued to your phone or whatever the case, you aren't aware that someone might even need help from a fellow human. 

Was that the case on the bus? Well, that's for the woman on the bus to decide.  However, I was there and have a better grasp on the situation than anyone viewing this post.  She was visibly uncomfortable with this man touching her and hadn't said anything.  She made eye contact with a teenage boy who stepped in and told the man harassing her to leave her alone.  It worked, the man stopped touching her, and we all went on our merry way.  

It's okay to agree to disagree. It was more effort than you're worth! :) :) :)

edit: 

> I mean, fuck men, right? Yeah, men suck.

Again, if this is your takeaway from the situation, you are a sad, clueless loser who has no idea what you're talking about. Just shut the fuck up.
 A man staring at, following, and then touching a woman is absolutely harassment, and would be able to be prosecuted as such. You are instituting such a double standard. Men can like women's bodies but women can't have standards of their own? A big standard for most women is a guy who can operate in public. If we ignore the whole part where the guy already was acting weird, why should a guy who is physically falling apart and disgusting by NORMAL social standards rationally believe he is entitled to the attention of a well polished woman? No guy is entitled to anything from a woman no matter how much his evolutionary instincts want it. Even handsome men and they get turned down too, it's just they're usually not creepy about the entire situation.

No one is upset he was attracted. No one was going to interrupt his daily life if he hadn't done anything to bother people. He didn't walk on the bus and people collectively thought "fuck this guy" based on his appearance. And men ARE dangerous to women and to deny that is ignorant, especially seemingly unstable and/or aggressive ones.

Also, talking to strangers can actually be really fucking weird, especially in big cities. Part of being a socially aware human is being able to read if someone wants to actually partake in a conversation or not and the signs are SO OBVIOUS. What the fuck is wrong with you >  He was aggressive towards the driver when he got on and refused to pay his fare

...

> From the moment that man stepped on the bus he was a criminal in your eyes.


Uhh, yeah?
 No one ever said this guy was doing anything illegal, the people on the bus were uncomfortable with his behavior. We're the Police called? No. This was just a simple case of someone standing up for someone else who felt too vulnerable (didn't want to provoke him, he was already close) to confront the man directly. k Haha, that's great! I am going to start doing that...starting with some comments in this thread. 
:)  Lol right? I laughed at "crumbling" city infrastructure, like dude have you seen detroit? Or parts of LA? Or like any other major city outside of the PNW  Compared to San Diego, Seattle is a haven of cleanliness, homeless outreach, and education. The phone absorption, however, is straight out of sci-fi. Holy shit that was in 1998?! It feels like only a few years ago when that happened. hey, freezing up is incredibly common during sexual assault. it's a fear response; a person who is willing to sexually assault someone is unpredictable and dangerous and by freezing your instinctual brain is trying to prevent you from being in a possibly more dangerous fight. you don't have anything to feel guilty about. it happens to many, many people. i've found that i'm less likely to freeze up while being harassed if i have a script worked out ahead of time for certain types of situations. 

and that last sentence right there is why existence is so *fucked* for women. i've been sexually harassed and assaulted enough *to have scripts for the most common transgressions.* wtf, planet.  Just keep a taser and let them hear the terrifying noise it makes and they'll probably think twice ;) Don't be prey. Bite back. Most belligerent douches are cowards. For the rest, there's mace, elbows, and hollow points.  I'm with you man. I'm more trained than the average person but I'm still not stepping in for something like this until it reaches a certain point and that point would be him actually assaulting her. If someone is just making a woman feel uncomfortable it's awful but I'm not getting stabbed over that shit. It's so much more acceptable for him to punch me in the face when I intervene than to actually be physical with her that the risk is too much for me. It really is! So exhausting, especially when it gets darker earlier. Glad your girlfriend has a reliable means of transportation!  So it's cool to harass people. Got it.  Call it victim blaming or call it a turd, it doesn't change the fact that her inaction is an issue. I'm not saying it is the only issue here, or that the crazy hobo was in the right, but I am saying that it is her duty, before anyone else's to challenge him. I would hope others would join her, but to expect that is foolish. What I am seeing here is a bunch of people partaking in what I would consider to be 'victim worship' and applauding a white night who some other cohort of people would probably yell as for being a misogynist because he came in to save the pretty damsel in distress. You can't complain about both sides of the coin -- the unfairness of not being able to have a peaceful bus ride because you are a woman and the horrible sexism of someone defending you for the same reason. Pick one. Or get the chip off your shoulder and pick neither. >...you are a sad, clueless loser...

>Just shut the fuck up.

Lol, if this is how you think you get people to shut up, you can't be older than high school age. Poor kid. Virtue signal harder, someone will love you. One day. Whatever you need to tell yourself mate. Staring at someone is not harassment, following someone is only a concern if elevated to the level of stalking (which a journey to the back of the bus does not constitute) and the mere act of touching someone is not harassment or assault. Lest every hand shaken or every shoulder brushed be considered as such. Yes. Let's waste the time of the police and the court system because Miss Androgyny felt harassed when someone looked at and walked behind her. Touching someone's arm in conversation is not harassment. While this shit goes on and gets reported, somewhere a person (not woman, PERSON) is actually getting raped or harassed somewhere.



 >Men can like women's bodies but women can't have standards of their own?
>why should a guy who is physically falling apart and disgusting by NORMAL social standards rationally believe he is entitled to the attention of a well polished woman?

Not what I'm talking about, at all. I don't give a damn that OP, or any woman, found this man unattractive. I don't give a damn if they didn't want to talk to him. They're free to feel that way.

What I do care about, and what it is I am rebuking, is the notion that he harassed a lady, simply because he talked to her. The only reason I can see for OP feeling that it was wrong for him to do this is because she found him to be unattractive; and how dare he even *attempt* to interact with a proper woman? That's the attitude that disgusts me. To try to cover up that attitude by calling it harassment is equally disgusting.

>No one is upset he was attracted...

OP clearly was. Though she admits to leaving out details in her post she took the time to make sure that we understood he was an unattractive homeless man and that he found the woman in question attractive. 

And I agree, talking to strangers is awkward, which is why I avoid it. I keep to myself, I don't like talking to people. But never in my life have I ever considered it harassment when someone on the bus decides they would like to strike up a conversation with me. I've had people ranging from autistic to outright crazy chat with me on the bus and usually I didn't want to talk to them, or at least not for as long as we did. I would never call that harassment.

And while the signs may be obvious to normal people like you or I they are not so obvious to the mentally impaired or those with some condition which renders them awkward in public. These people are not monsters, they are people who warrant your compassion, even if you still don't like interacting with them and choose not to.

Finally...

>And men ARE dangerous to women...

Anyone can be dangerous to anyone, but to specifically single out men as a criminal class and portray women as a victim class is wicked. A cat is dangerous to a canary. A lion is dangerous to a lamb. Men are *not* dangerous to women. Considering the post you replied to, I think it's more pertinent to ask what is wrong with you? Are you seriously denying that male attraction to the female body is natural and good? I find her use of the term aggressive, with no further description of his behavior, dubious at best. For all we know he could have been argumentative for a split second and that's all. He could be mentally ill and was confused when he first got on. Hardly criminal, just like his later actions. She wants to paint him in a particular light to suit her narrative. What does that have to do with my post?

As far as standing up for someone who was too afraid to stand up for themselves, you don't know that. By OP's own account she didn't show appreciation. I think it's far more likely she wasn't appreciative because she didn't feel "too vulnerable." You're basically saying we shouldn't talk about our own problems because other cities are worse. Ughhh you have a script? That's terrible... 

Actually, I probably need to make one up for myself, too. :\ Most women don't CCW, Rambo. Being an internet bad ass and confronting this shit in real life are world's apart. Fuck these vile pieces of shit that perpetrate this garbage. In public places like busses, blow the fuck up on them. Make it clear to bystanders (make eye contact with someone big and say this "please help, I don't know this person and they are sexually assaulting me" and tell the driver to radio the police) what is happening. They will back down.

If you are alone, get the fuck to a public space ASAP. I'm sorry, this shit is vile.

All that said, I try to plug my headphones in and tune the bus people the fuck out so I won't be receptive or paying attention to your plight. You have to break through *that* mindset if you require assistance. Most people will help, they just need you to remove all doubt about what is happening. Contact the bus driver to get these fuckers arrested (they are on camera on the bus). Easier said then done. You have no idea what an unhinged person might do People are going to harass whether it's ok or not. But the responsibility still lies with both parties. All this talk about creeps but the problem is also the rest of the people who just sit there and wait for the uncomfortable moment to pass. Everytime there is a scene on the bus, 99% of people stay quiet and people like me have to say or do something. The rest of you come to reddit and then find your voice. I don't buy the timing aspect. This is a message board and we're discussing general gender interactions, you didn't just go up to a rape victim and tell them to change their clothes as /u/WonTwoThree is implying. Not only that but its a response to a person presumably unrelated to this incident who made a general statement about women being made to feel unsafe and unwelcome in the world. 

Beyond that my guess is that you got down voted because you didn't directly reflect the position of the post and so people's knee jerk reaction was to fall back on cliche'd ideas like victim blaming when you did nothing of the sort. In my opinion /r/Seattle is particularly prone to group think and more bizarrely individual threads can support different and opposing group thinking. Maybe all location based subreddits are the same way, I've only ever browsed /r/Seattle. 

For what its worth I pretty much agree with you. I thought you were trying to empower people to not feel like victims and I think you're right on with that. Not to say that nothing bad or unfair will happen to people its just that the notion of being a victim implies powerlessness to change or deal with the situation which is rarely the truth and much more often is damaging to the 'victim'. Your tirades aren't worth anything but mockery, especially to an adult.  If the woman felt like she was being harassed, she would have been able to make a perfectly good case for that once he decided to follow her to her seat and physically engage with her. 

Context is important. A hand-shake is mutually consensual, a shoulder brushed is an accident/incidental. Staring -> following -> non-consensual touching shows him targeting her and escalating contact. If she doesn't consent to that contact, this woman absolutely could have made the case that she felt like she was being harassed.  >I find her use of the term aggressive, with no further description of his behavior, dubious at best.

I take you don't ride the bus downtown very often? The difference between aggressive and normal riders is pretty obvious. If he touched her, it's assault. Period, end of story. She held her nose and looked away, from what it sounds like it was an uncomfortable situation. I'm not saying that, I'm just saying there's no need to be melodramatic about it. Seattle's infrastructure is far from crumbling...besides it's bridges.
 [deleted] i have ready-to-go responses for people who masturbate at me, touch or grab me, and yell from a distance. 

the last guy who caught me by surprise was an old dude who asked me to look at something on his phone while i was in line to buy quarters for laundry at safeway. yeah, it was porn. i was too flustered and surprised to do what i should have, which was lose my shit at him and get the management to escort him off the property.  As much as I keep my mouth shut about CCW (for those that don't know that is the overarching acronym for conceal carry weapons), since people in Seattle don't generally understand why one might do it, I do really think the CCW mindset of not being prey is one that is very valuable even if you aren't carrying a firearm. My SO is small in stature and doesn't carry (yet) but knows how to put out a "don't fuck with me" vibe and yet be kind and approachable to those who are kind and respectful. Much of what you said above goes into my mentality as well: Know your surroundings, be respectful of other, be deliberate in your actions, deescalate whenever possible and, when necessary, be ready to be the the most violent person in the room. 

I mention this last one, because while you are correct that most aggressors are cowards and will back down when confronted, not all will; you'll get that 1 in 100 that grew up with an abusive family, forgot to take their meds, just lost their house, etc. that will be willing to take it further, and you need to have the willingness to take it to n+1 to get home alive. 

If anyone in this thread is interested in getting their CPL (concealed pistol license, required in Washington to carry a concealed weapon), PM me and I am more than willing to talk to you, see if it might be a good fit for you, and walk you through the process (going shooting, getting your permit, taking classes, etc). While the barriers to entry in WA are low to getting a permit, it is not for everyone.  I probably should have said bark, not bite... Confronting most people is enough to get them to switch gears and leave you alone.  So then the answer is to just look back down at your phone, right?  I say shit to. But then I don't defend it happening. Fuck outta here with your self righteous bs Thank you! I think you said it in a much less... err, abrasive, way than I did. 

>Not to say that nothing bad or unfair will happen to people its just that the notion of being a victim implies powerlessness to change or deal with the situation which is rarely the truth and much more often is damaging to the 'victim'. Spoken like a true millennial, with all the intellect and wit therein. >Context is important.

I agree and in this context I see no reason to conclude what occurred was any form.of harassment. Following someone to the back of the bus so you can speak to them is not harassment, nor is touching someone's arm in conversation. It's normal human behavior. Hell,  it's not uncommon for one person to be more physical than another, to the other's discomfort. One person doesn't like touching, the other likes to greet with big hugs and is very physically inclined. It's a common comedic trope, that's how innocuous such forms of "non-consensual touching" are.

If the touching is causing clear distress (beyond mere discomfort) and is sustained, that's harassment. Holding someone's arm to emphasize a point or to get their attention in casual conversation? Not at all. Key word is "her". I suspect she is exaggerating when using the word "aggressive." lol no, that's not how assault works. Being uncomfortable is not the same as being harassed, in fact it would be expected in that situation. It's uncomfortable to be around someone who does not smell pleasant. I gathered that he doesn't feel like constantly seeking opportunities to be a hero and just wants to tune out and play his game. He used hyperbole to convey that message. I totally want someone to open fire on a crowded bus in self defense. That sounds fan-fucking-tastic!

Not. If you think a CCW would make the situation in this thread any better you are total and utter fool. Thanks for providing a good solution for women to be able to stand up to physically stronger attackers.  99% of carrying is the mindset anyway: being aware, being confident, knowing how to prevent situations and knowing how to diffuse them.  One method to help be pro-woman is to no longer accept politicians whose only endgame is to disarm physically weaker members of society (any anti-gun, anti-individual-right politician like a majority in the city of Seattle).  Shit, you can even accept them if you like a majority of their views but write and call them to let them know their pre-historic gun views are downright dangerous towards women. Oh come on. There isn't one answer for every situation. I don't know what the solution is for every individual case of someone harrassing you. Depends on their tone of voice, how close they a a to you, how many people are around You want me to defend it so you can be right. I'm not defending creeps, I'm advocating responsibility for self. Something western culture doesn't really teach and it's obvious in this thread.  You're so witty on the internet! I hope your quite proud of that. I'm sure THAT'S what's finally gonna impress all the women you've very clearly had such a hard time talking/relating/fucking with since middle school. 

Someday, maybe you'll realize it's not THEIR fault they don't like you, it's your odious worldview! The fact that you have already decided in your head that this was innocuous despite the only information you have being that not 1, not 2, but at least 3 people who were actually there very certainly perceived it as NOT innocuous shows that there's no point in discussing it with you. If you have some other information that is pertinent to this situation, say, if you were actually fucking there and can dispute what this poster and the guy on the bus were seeing, then by all means, produce it. But you don't. You're talking out of your ass. Actually, yes it is. see my comments [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Seattle/comments/4wj7ar/thank_you_to_the_young_man_who_intervened_and/d6829rv) and then lets please revisit this conversation. 

To be clear, I am in no way saying that you should open fire on a crowded bus in self defense... So you use your head. There, that's my disclaimer. What you DON'T do is let them continue to run.  Holy shit, hahaha. That has to be the cringiest comment in this thread. You're trying way too hard man. I don't care about the perception of pearl-clutching drama queens. The woman herself showed no gratitude, which tells me she did not perceive herself to be in any danger (and was probably more upset by the scene that was made than the man himself). Perhaps she was exceptionally brave or, more likely, the situation was innocuous. OP has demonstrated a pension towards exaggeration, both of thought and of speech. I have no doubt she felt afraid, but based on her own words I do not believe that she had any cause to be afraid. It was unwarranted.

She's admitted to leaving out details, but even in the extra details she's provided there's still nothing to raise concern. The woman turned away from the man due to BO, and OP tried to pass that off as evidence she felt harassed. Give me a break.

At this point I believe OP to be a dishonest individual. Her words are evidence enough for me that this situation was innocuous and the danger was entirely in her mind, and she's come here seeking validation through exaggeration. Right. Next time you shake hands with someone, or casually brush someone's shoulder in passing, be prepared; You committed assault and could be arrested at any time. :*^*) Spoken like someone who's never experienced it. The tiniest thing could set them off. Sometimes it's easier to just calmly wait it out. It's fucked up.  > You're trying way too hard man.

Not at all, you're doing most of the work for me! :) :) :) Next time you do any of those things aggressively and creepily to someone who doesn't want anything to do with you, yes, that's exactly what it would be.  It doesn't matter if you're wearing your fedora or are a m'lady, it would still be assault.  I've dealt with my fair share of crackheads, I think. That or malnourished Western students. I haven't yet had one that kept it up.  Being a keyboard warrior is hard work I hear, I can see why you cut corners. >**If he touched her**, it's assault. **Period**, end of story.

>**aggressively** and creepily to someone who **doesn't want** anything to do with you

One of these things is not like the other. Emphasis mine. I'm assuming you're a dude, right? Because college students is a bit different than creepy dudes. It just is. I know you're just gonna deny it but Real talk: When was the last time you went on a date and how did it go?

edit: To be fair, I think I can guess the answer to both of those questions, but I just want to confirm. Keep splitting hairs on this issue.  Report back later and tell us how it turned out for you. Yes 

That was a poor attempt at a joke, comparing college students to crackheads because poor diet no sleep etc. 

I chuckled at my own joke :/ Alright, I'll bite.

The last time I went on a date was some time ago. Long enough I couldn't tell you an exact time, but we're talking a couple years. I haven't been on a date since I stopped seeing the last girl I was with.

And now I know what you're thinking, and no, it's not like that. Since then I have had, or at least I suspect I have had, women take an interest in me. But I don't work well in relationships. I'm an asshole. I like my life organized in a particular way, I don't deal well with what I perceive as emotional irrationality, I have a low tolerance for the silly games people play, and above all else I'm not afraid of confrontation. I don't play the passive aggressive game, I get in people's face and discuss the problem. I'm callous and I have a hard time forgiving people.

All in all I'm just not well suited for a relationship, nor is one even viable in my future prospects. There's a lot I want to do with my life and I just don't have the time or desire to make a relationship work. It's not worth it to me. Right, the difference between a crime being contextual and non-contextual is "splitting hairs." Just a small, insignificant difference.

Sounds more like you just have your foot in your mouth. Haha ok that went right by me Keep digging.  It went by me, too.  