Disabled and going to Sakuracon. Anyone have a wheelchair they'd like to rent out, or know of a good company that does so? Long story short, I have a fused spine from neck to tail bone and a repaired heart valve. I'm going to sakuracon and I'm so, so excited. Unfortunately the reality of my disability had set in and while I can get around my house, I can't do the kind of walking a con demands.

I'm looking to rent a standard hand operated wheelchair for three days. Seattle is usually really helpful and understanding of this stuff so I figured I'd try my luck here. Do any of you know of anyone renting privately or a company that can be trusted without costing hundreds of dollars? You can email the con directly at info@sakuracon.org to see if they can arrange one.  

Otherwise http://www.accessmedicalequipment.com rents standard wheelchairs for $40-50/week.  We used them for my mother in law when she needed one and they were great. 

Or try Goodwill, might find a decent used one for cheap. Whatever you do, don't rent one from Norco in Fremont. We did that for my husband's grandma when she came to visit. Payed-in-full when we picked it up. Dropped it off on-time. Should be simple, right?

About 2-3 months later, we get a bill in the mail for the rental. Luckily I still had the receipt, so I call them saying we paid and it should all be worked out. About a month later, we get another bill. I go in in-person this time, and it should all be worked out. Nope, another bill in the mail. I think I had to go in about 3 times and call about 5 (getting hung-up on once) AND they tried to send it to a collections agency. It didn't get worked out until I filed a BBB complaint. 

TL;DR: Norco is shady as shit. They'll double-bill you. Don't use them.  The cheapest would be to borrow one. I would give a quick call to the convention center to see if they have any you can use while you're there.

The next cheapest/easiest would probably be to buy one off of Craigslist. You might want to go next year, too, so having one around would be handy. You might also look for walkers that have the fold-down seats if you can walk but need to rest now & again.

With the event coming up this weekend that rules out things like yard sales, surplus sales and haunting the "free" section of CL.  If you need one, usually retirement and assisted living homes have wheelchairs available for cheap. Check out [this place](http://www.wheelsforfeet.com/index.html). I was initially put off by their website, but I think they're just a family business that does wheelchair, scooter, etc. delivery in the area. I needed an electric scooter for a family member, and they delivered it that night. Worth a call to ask about prices and options. Call Bridge Disability Ministries in Bellevue. They refurbish used medical equipment and wheelchairs. Might be worth a shot!

http://bridgemin.org/ I used a company out of Puyallup. It was 38 plus tax a week. It was a little under 70 for the whole month. They have a store at Bellevue too. 
 Also ask your local goodwill,  they frequently have extras.  Bridge Ministries: http://bridgemin.org/medical-equipment/

Get one for free from them, donate it back when you're done. Make a monetary donation while you're out there, because that's good karma. [Bellevue Healthcare](http://www.bellevuehealthcare.com) rents them for $55 a month. 

Just found out that they have one available for $10 a day! Are BBB reviews even public? I've never ever heard of anyone using the BBB outside of empty threats directed at cable companies.  I've tried misty places in this thread now, sadly little luck. Places either want more than a wheelchair would cost to buy, don't have any or are or of stock in the case of goodwill :/ Thanks, gonna call them today. Just got a quote from another place for 120$ :(  I've used them before for a knee scooter when I broke my ankle.  The lady working there was really sweet and I had no problems whatsoever.  I think there's also a bus stop nearby, but don't quote me on that. We had a good experience with Access Medical renting a chair for use at PAX one year (a friend had surgery the week before and while she was pretty okay, she couldn't quite do all the walking either). Anyway.  I find the standard "push yourself by cranking the wheels" chairs to be really heavy -- if someone's going to be with you, a "transport chair" is a lot lighter and easy to move around.

If you can at all swing a scooter, that'd probably save you a ton of wear and tear, truth be told. Hope you have fun at the convention! Norco triple billed me when I rented a wheel chair for my mother. I didn't pay their stupid shit, gave them terrible reviews, etc. Collection agency showed up and I told them to shove it, never heard about it again. Shady fucks over there are norco... Lol BBB. Yelp before yelp.  Yeah, I'm gonna call the convention Center tomorrow, but I believe their website says they don't do rentals. With how close the convention is I'm a bit pressed for time to buy one of CL, but that's the plan for next year. 

Thanks Tried every single one in Tacoma :( Good gravy! You can go to a buy a Drive Medical wheelchair off of Amazon, Jet.Com or a local medical supply place for not much more and have it to keep whenever you need it. They run from around $100-$150 or so for non-super-comfy sort that aren't meant for all-day-every-day use. yea they're on 95th and aurora, there's a bus stop just down the street from them.  

Otherwise they'll deliver to your house for $20. > I've used them before for a knee scooter when I broke my ankle.  The lady working there was really sweet and I had no problems whatsoever.  I think there's also a bus stop nearby, but don't quote me on that.

~ */u/Kaydotz* Hmm..interesting to hear confirmation that I'm not the only one with that experience. At first, I gave them the benefit of the doubt, but found it difficult to believe their excuses ("We moved billing over to a new system") after the second bill in the mail. 

I definitely gave the employees a piece of my mind as it stretched on for about 6 months. "Do you do this to the elderly/disabled too?" "Get your shit together." "How do you sleep at night knowing you're scamming the elderly?" etc. Probably why one of the employees in their billing call center hung up on me.

Anyway, I left poor reviews on Yelp and Google, but it was in 2013 and I see they've both been deleted since then. At least /r/seattlewa won't delete my review, right guys? Sounds like someone needs to "get Jessie". You can thank the government for that (*in a good way). Certain companies really, really care about what you put on the BBB. People who have services for the elderly are one of them and utilities (phone, cable, etc) are others.  Yeah, I honestly didn't expect anything to come from it, but figured it wouldn't hurt. Ended up getting a reply from Norco that the billing problem was "solved" 2 days after I filed the complaint, so ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯  [WSCC Event Planning Handbook PDF](http://www.wscc.com/sites/default/files/find-it/files/EVENT_PLANNING_HANDBOOK_rev_03.13.2017.pdf)

>Wheelchairs: The WSCC does not provide wheelchairs or other	mobility devices for attendees or guests. Your EM can provide a list of local companies that have wheelchairs for rent.

It looks like the Event Manager (meaning the one assigned by the WSCC) for the Con should be able to provide you with the information you need.	 Yeah, if I was gonna pay that much I'd just go buy one It's actually 10, I just called! > "Do you do this to the elderly/disabled too?"

This is exactly why some places do that.  Too many elderly folks just automatically assume a bill is valid and pay it. Pretty sure they outsource all their billing so that may be the issue. Regardless, they're crap. 