I'm looking for a good school district for my special needs son. My husband got a new job in SLU, woohoo!  We're very excited!  Now we need to find a school for our son, which is much less fun.  We're leaving an awesome district in NY, so I know it's unlikely I'm going to find something comparable, but I'd still like to find the best that I can get in the area. Obviously we'd like to go somewhere with the easiest commute to SLU, but commute time is something he's willing to sacrifice if we need to for the school.

My son is 7 and has spina bifida, a physical disability that frequently puts him in a wheelchair. He also has a processing disorder that results in learning difficulties. Here in NY he has an IEP for a one-on-one aide that helps him navigate the halls safely and helps him understand classwork directions and keep him on task. He gets nursing services daily, extra time for tests, curbside bus pick-up and physical and occupational therapies.

I know there will probably be things we have to sacrifice, but which are the better districts for special ed? Which schools specifically? Are full time school nurses standard? What is the inclusion culture like? Is bullying an issue? Are there schools or districts we should stay away from?  I would love to hear about any personal experiences anyone has had with their districts and schools. Welcome to Seattle!  I work as a special education teacher in Edmonds School District.  I would recommend Edmonds as a district; it has good services for all different disabilities.  Shoreline and Northshore are also both good districts.  If you're in the Seattle school district, it varies a lot from school to school.  Same with Bellevue and Lake Washington districts.  Additionally, your son's needs may determine his school placement.

When you register him in a school, they will have 45 days to either accept his IEP as written or to meet with you to change the IEP.  Changing it means they could reduce the 1:1 aide time.  For nursing services, full time school nurses are very rare; none of the schools I've worked at have had one.  Inclusion culture varies greatly from district to district and school to school, but is pretty good for the most part.  I worked with a student this year who needed a walker and an aide, and he was full inclusion.  There were no bullying issues; most of the kids thought his walker was cool, and they would offer help as needed.  This may be slightly dependent on the age of the student; mine was young.

If you have any more questions, I can try and answer them best I can! I homeschool my son but he did go to school in Beacon Hill for a very short time last year. Within a week he had a bully, was kicked, punched, hair was pulled, etc. He was 8 and in the third grade, so was the bully. 

As for your other questions- King County has SO MANY schools. My advice to you is to email them (there's a website) or call them and tell them your situation. They'll point you in the right direction. 

Good luck, and welcome to Seattle.  In general you should have many options for your for son.  You are in the right part of the country and state.

I don't know of any thing specific other than this state pours money in to schools.  I also know the UofW is great with special needs so they might have some good advice and a path for college.  

I also want to say that I hope medicine can fix your son some day.  I encourage you to teach your son math and science in the hopes that one day he can travel to space and enjoy some freedom of movement, or a cure would be cool too. but short of a cure, a trip to space would be dope.  best to you and yours!   Shoreline. Lots of good people there.  Hi, first of all, welcome! 
I think your best bet would be going to the Shoreline school district. My mom actually moved my sister and I out here from Seattle because she did not want to deal with the Seattle school district. Not that it is "bad" but the district can be underfunded at times. It's the closet to Seattle without being in Seattle...

I volunteered for the special needs students in high school and I can personally say that my school (Shorewood) had a great special needs program that was able to provide a lot of one on one time with disabled students. Shorewood is being completely renovated right now so your son will get to enjoy a state of the art building!

Shoreline is just north of Seattle and there are plenty of commuter buses that will get your husband to work in 20-30 minutes. You really don't want to drive anyway- tons of unneeded stress. His employer will most likely subsidize his transit card. 

If you have any other questions let me know! [deleted] Exactly.  One of the nurses I worked with this year had 3 schools, the other had 5.  I worked with one nurse a couple of years ago that had 11 schools she was responsible for.  My school didn't even have health techs, the office manager was responsible for distributing medications and dealing with minor injuries.  The only time I've seen a full time nurse was when the parents hired one themselves for a student with a brain injury. 