TSA agents harass woman with disabilities at Sea-Tac  I saw a confrontation at SeaTac last week because a TSA agent stole a wallet and phone out of a guy's bag last week - the agent tried to claim they "fell out" but it was obvious that wasn't the case.

The sooner we ditch that useless bureaucracy, the better. It's not just you. They are shitty to everybody. REVOLUTION! I wish I could say I am surprised, but I really am not.  As another individual with an invisible disability, I deal with similar attitudes from time to time.  I have the same issues with wheelchairs, too.  WHat works for me is a mix of sitting and *walking*.  Standing in one place is particularly difficult.  Conveniently for me,  I haven't needed to fly often and when I have it's been simple to bypass the line because I know and carry with me the regulations.  The problem here, though, is a lot of non-disabled folks also exploit this.  What's I'd suggest the lady in question do in the future is carry her state's disabled placard ID card with her.  (You get a placard *and* an ID card in most states so you can show you're the one who is entitled to it.)  This tends to help, since you can't get one without a doctor's signature.  It's still a violation of the ADA, but sometimes   it isn't worth it to deal with the hassle. [deleted] Ugh! I hate TSA so much. I am slightly overweight. Not obese, nowhere close, but a few pounds away from that "healthy/normal" goal we all love. After electing for a pat down once because I still don't fully understand the technology of the scanner or what each airport allows agents to see, the agent patting me down said, as she was patting my stomach, "Oh! Are you pregnant?!" 

As much as I hate being overweight, it is a far superior option to what I was 6 years ago, which was anorexic. This comment was so fucking damaging to someone struggling with that. I filed a formal complaint and had a phone interview with the head of that airport's TSA, and now have the information needed to request a screening from him personally to ensure I never encounter anything like that again.

What could avoid all this? Appropriate education and sensitivity training. People are touching and looking at and discussing people's bodies. GET IT TOGETHER, TSA. For me walking, at least on a flattish surface is much better than standing.
Standing or shuffling along is hellish.
I avoid lines whenever possible.  Author of the linked piece here; I was sent this way by one of my Seattle friends, and I wanted to clear up a few things. 

Every story told from a personal perspective is going to possess some bias and perspective distortions, namely because that's how the human brain works. In an effort to make this retelling as accurate as possible, I wrote it out on the day it happened, on the flight that followed it. I recounted everything from memory, and did not add any components that were not in my memory of the event. But, once again, memory is flawed, and as in all things, it's not a video recording, and therefore you're getting my viewpoints and feelings from the event, rather than a 60 Minutes segment. 

Not going to answer the "you aren't disabled if you can walk" comments, namely because there's entire websites explaining the ignorance and prejudice of those assumptions and I don't feel like reiterating them here. 

In Colorado, we don't get cards with our placards. I use my placard namely in the winter because if I fall on ice, I can't get back up, and I can seriously hurt myself. I know, it sounds stupid! But it's happened more than once, and after the second time, I learned to use the placard instead of being scared that people will shout at me for being able to walk. 

We do have an ADA/special assistance line in Denver's airport, and Seattle had one as of last year; I only come out on Easter weekend, so that's why I was unaware that it had been removed. 

The TSA website estimated the line time at 10-12 minutes at the central checkpoint, which is why I was willing to wait in the line. 

All the people described in this article were wearing TSA shirts, with the bars and badges and all that jazz. None of them had non-TSA "uniforms" on, and thus I assume (reasonably) that they are all TSA workers. 

Also... I don't have a history of filing ADA complaints? This is actually my first. If my alternate personality has been doing this, please get in contact with them and ask them to get some more housework done while I'm out, and to stop forgetting to water the plants.  Gotta say out of all of the TSA agents at all of the airports that I've used the TSA agents at SEATAC and the most unhelpful. At first I thought they were just clueless. But then I realized that they are just annoyed at having to constantly answer the same questions over and over again when a change is made. So in some form of childish rebellion they take it out on the travelers. Well guess what. Customer service is part of your fucking job. If you aren't good at customer service you really need to find somewhere else to work. ITT: buncha guys who have no idea what it's like to live with a disability coming down on the side of the fucking TSA over a "hysterical disabled woman" Fire all these jokers. They are a national embarrassment and the real danger to us all. [deleted] She titled this article "TSA Agent Kruze: “Was the surgery worth the pain?”

Where she was asked if she was ok and then discussed her surgery with a female agent.  

And that titled question was one of the questions  asked while personally attending to her.

So this blog highlights a conversation about surgery as harassment?

"Was the surgery worth the pain" 

Back pain is suffered by many americans and the only relief offered is chancy surgery.   I've heard similar questions asked towards people who've had many types of pain relief surgery.

 The first person you see at the gates there is usually a private contractor and not TSA.  You can at any time ask to see a supervisor.  Should this ever happen again, I'd ask for a supervisor immediately.  They will be someone who knows all of the rules.

I do agree with your comments. You shouldn't be expected to use a wheelchair.  It's not like if you were blind that people would say well you should use a wheelchair. Sadly not everyone realizes that not all disabilities are something that you can't see.  I would suggest just requesting a wheelchair. It makes it infinitely easier. 

My wife was having some serious sciatica while we were traveling. We requested a wheelchair at the dropoff area. They came and picked her up, rolled through security and all the way to the gate. Also had a wheelchair waiting on the other end. Alaska is a great airline. Couldn't have been easier.  Why don't you get pre-check status? It's obvious you need it.  I don't understand stated reasons why wheelchair is not a good option.  OP, if it hurts to sit as much as it hurts to stand, how do you tolerate the plane ride itself? TL;DR

Part 1- Person was treated by the first TSA employee in the same way everyone else is treated

Part 2- After realizing she'd have to go through the same long line as everyone else, women decides to suffer through pain instead of taking a few minutes to find a wheelchair.

Part 3 - An ignorant TSA employee attempted to engage her in polite conversation, but accidentally asked overly invasive questions in a failed attempt to connect socially

Part 4 - After recognizing that the TSA employees were actively communicating about a customer that needed assistance, said customer blurted out an accusative and disparaging remark about the TSA employees

Part 5 - TSA employees continuted proper screening procedures and the woman went on to her gate.


 This is the Sai incident all over again.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1H1m9vyDK8w&t=795 The TSA at Seatac is awful but this girl is blowing it out of portortions as well. I have the same fusion and mine is the entire spine. Not saying how bodies react to surgery is the same, but it's not a disability to me if we are walking, running, exercising. Sometimes people seem to seek out rudeness... And with TSA you are going to get it. I honest feel like there is some kind of entitlement problem here. If she can't stand for 30 mins then she should be in wheelchair full-time. Or solve the problem by getting TSA pre check.  I call serious bullshit on this story, some of the things do not add up at all. There are services for ADA people and those with disabilities, it seems like the proper research was not done. In addition, I know for a fact that the agent she referred to was not a screening agent, but rather a different qualified agent. I can't understand people's hatred for TSA, and this is no different.  I don't like the TSA as much as the next guy but this article is pretty useless IMO.  She had surgery in 2004 and claims to have been suffering abuse for years.  So now 12 years later she decides to fix this mess by writing an internet article.  Oh OK.  If she really has been abused for years then it's easy to imagine her being a huge bitch about it unprovoked.  I mean why does an agent pick you of all the thousands coming though his line to hassle?  Maybe because you showed up ready for a fight?  This is not to excuse the TSA but this article is pretty stupid.  It's all one person's opinion of something that may or may not have happened and of course everyone here will be quick to accept that as more evidence of a broken system.  There is plenty of evidence for that but this article is not it. Wow that's awful. Nothing happened to the "agent" then I take it?

The whole area is supposed to be video captured, shouldn't be much problem getting evidence of attempted theft. Relevant: http://www.bizjournals.com/seattle/news/2016/04/07/sea-tac-to-consider-replacing-tsa-with-private.html [deleted] > I deal with similar attitudes from time to time.

And it's easy to imagine that most of the time it isn't the TSA.  I agree that the lady should be proactive and handle this differently especially since she claims it's been going on for years.  Being sarcastic to the agents like she was isn't going to help.  Neither is writing an internet article either for that matter.  This woman just got fed up and pissed off and would like us to think that all the TSA does is harass everyone.  Even though I don't like them much I also don't believe she is correct. I've never seen a different line or process for people with physical disabilities at an airport. Is that a normal thing? And is it required by the ADA? Author here! Colorado, my state of residence, doesn't give out ID cards with placards. I have a letter from my surgeon and my treating ortho doc, but nobody has ever bothered themselves to read it when it has been produced, and they aren't allowed to ask for documentation anyways, so it's a moot point/more crap to carry that I'd rather not deal with in my wallet while traveling.  The people who do the initial screening aren't TSA agents. You're correct though in saying they don't know their ass from a hole in the ground.  They likely only had two lines at the time, but the person didn't realize that they should treat someone with a disability differently. I'll bet you say this about every occupation that gets something bad written or said about them.  Tell me what you do so I can claim that 9 out of 10 of you are idiots too.  You're right not shocking that a lady would show up claiming to be disabled and then get bitchy about it and then be treated like a bitch.  If you pull into my handicap spot and don't have a sticker for it what do you expect me to do?  Not shocking if I tell you to get the fuck out. Pregnant people opt out of the scan, even if not visibly showing. It's not a crazy question, though not necessary or appropriate  I bet they get slapped on the wrist and take an online training sensitivity course.  This is the best case, optimistic outcome. Great and the key was that you did something appropriate about it.  This person is claiming to have endured harassment for years and the only they have figured out to do so far is bitch about it on the internet.  No sympathy from me for her.  There are ways to handle things like an adult. Jesus, I can't understand why people like you hate TSA. They are just doing their job, no need to be rude. Perhaps she was just excited for you. Good lord.  I fly a lot and have never seen what you're talking about.  I've had an issue with all of 1. It's funny how much sympathy there is on reddit for retail workers and the shit they have to put up with but when it's an unskilled laborer at the airport doing the same thing they are not allowed to be frustrated and need to live up to a higher standard and kiss everyone's ass because fuck the TSA that's why and because at the airport the customer IS always right.

>Customer service is part of your fucking job.

Say that about a person who works at Target and see what happens. Phoenix is worse. What can I say, I'm just an uppity cripple with internet access.  Did you even read the article? > this story sounds embellished

From the author's bio on the linked article:

> Accidentally a big deal on the internet because I’m an angry disabled woman. 

No doubt the TSA is a worthless pile-of-crap that suffers from chronic abuse of power and a general apathy towards the general public. But, it sounds like the author is generally confrontational and looking for a reason to make a fuss at any opportunity.

To some extent, I guess society needs people like her to call attention to the places where we need to improve even if it means exaggerating a bit or deliberately interpreting others in the worst light. Yeah, normal line. Just faster.

http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/04/nyregion/a-few-passengers-use-wheelchairs-to-avoid-airport-lines.html?_r=0

Edit: reread the article, there is no mention of a wheelchair line ever being at SeaTac. She just assumed there was one, and was trying to find it.  Wait...did you stop reading after that point? I'm asking genuinely, because that's not where it ends. It's not the TSA agent's job to make someone justify their life decisions.  OP's decision to have surgery was between her and her doctor, and is not the agent's business, it's not my business, and it's not your business.  OP has no obligation to defend her decisions (when they are not at all relevant to flying).
 In US society today, that's how everything is.  Ask someone a question they don't like, harassment.   Hit someone who has a different skin color than you, hate crime. Grab a woman's arm to stop her from putting a mic in your bosses face, battery.  Why battery?  Because everyone hates Trump so we can lower ourselves to his level if we need to. If something of this scale does happen again, I will ask for a supervisor; I try not to be an asshole to the TSA people (because I know their job sucks, honestly!) and I hate those "I WANT A MANAGER" people from my own time in retail. I was just so surprised that I didn't think to try to get ahold of someone higher up. 

And yes, very true. Blind people are told to get a cane or a dog to be "marked" as such. Ironically, those same markers make able-bodied people feel uncomfortable interacting with disabled individuals.  I know you're trying to make a helpful suggestion from personal experience but she details several times why she doesn't use one in this scenario and makes it a point to share how frustrating she finds the expectation to use it for the benefit of others to assist her. Author here. 

I discussed the wheelchair issue in the post, but I have tried to call and get assistance with carrying bags. They said unless I can't walk, they won't help with the bags, so that's the way that cookie crumbled.  I had my interview a couple weeks ago, just waiting for the card. Which... would be clear, if you read the entire piece.  Author here, directed by one of my Seattle buddies. 

It's pretty simple; I stand until I have to get on, I preboard so I get an aisle seat and time/assistance getting my bags overhead, and once we are in the air and the seatbelt sign is off, I get up every 20-30 minutes depending on pain, discomfort, etc. to walk and stretch in the aisle. I also use the preboard time to discuss this with the flight attendants ahead of time, and sometimes bring treats (candy bars, etc.) for them to thank them for being so understanding. Southwest is great about this, honestly, which is why I put in the extra effort to thank them. 

The issue with standing/sitting is also why I got a standing desk and a tall chair at my day job; sitting all day caused really awful sciatica and other pain, so the ability to move around and switch as needed has helped my pain and given me more chances to work on my core and lower back while I work.  And I didn't realize that a plane ride was a guaranteed right. You should probably tell blind, hearing impaired, and other mobile disabled people that, since they can walk, run, and exercise. I imagine they'd be thrilled to know they're not handicapped.   Did you read the whole thing?  Using a wheelchair will make her worse, because he muscles will become more atrophied.   Yes because clearly the person has nothing better to do than make up stories about the TSA. It's not twelve years of abuse, it's occasional (like, a few times a year) ignorant behavior or comments that are easily dismissed/excused because I understand that able-bodied people don't 'get' how disabilities work and aren't necessarily trained on how to deal with them. I have tweeted at the TSA asking them to improve their training to include this several times, but not filed any formal complaints; this incident was not excusable ignorance, it was rudeness and unprofessional. If employees at any store did this, I'd file the same complaint. I honestly didn't realize it was so pervasive until other people began replying with their own stories.  No, there was a definite confrontation so I don't think he was going to keep his job - I didn't stick around to watch much longer though In some states, you get a card. Not in all of them. Also, the ADA makes demands of proof generally unlawful, as I recall.  She simultaneously refuses to use wheelchairs or walkers AND can't be bothered to get medical documentation. > > I deal with similar attitudes from time to time.

> And it's easy to imagine that most of the time it isn't the TSA. I agree that the lady should be proactive and handle this differently especially since she claims it's been going on for years. Being sarcastic to the agents like she was isn't going to help. Neither is writing an internet article either for that matter. This woman just got fed up and pissed off and would like us to think that all the TSA does is harass everyone. Even though I don't like them much I also don't believe she is correct.

While it's true that  things tend to go better when one is polite, there comes a point where one's frustration is unable to be suppressed.  While we have only one person's side of thew story here, it doesn't sound to me as though she did anything out of line, so to speak.

You're asking everyone with a disability to be held to an impossible standard.  When one is in pain, one's natural inhibitions and even one's ability to fully control oneself are diminished.  Nobody is perfect and expecting someone to accept  blatant discriminatory behavior with grace and politeness is, quite frankly, offensive.  Change things around to this being a racist slur instead of a disability and tell me if you think the aggrieved individual wouldn't reasonably be somewhat upset and thus showing that to a degree.  (And no, I am not directly comparing the two things, only using different forms of discrimination as a thought exercise.) The ADA requires that any and all reasonable accommodations be made for anyone with a disability.  It doesn't matter whether it's an airport or not.  If someone has a difficult time standing, they have the right to skip the line by regulation already.

It sounds to me as though the TSA folks were just a bit misinformed and don't understand disabilities. A different line, no. Because there is no one case fits all solution as there are a wide variety of disabilities. But if you haven't seen accommodations then you haven't been paying attention. They aren't going to make a big deal about it. You've probably mistaken them for people who get randomly selected for extra screening.  There is but you need to know where to look. It's required. Fair enough.  I agree we shouldn't *have* to carry or provide such documentation to be accommodated.  It's just something that sometimes makes things easier.  Personally, I have an easier time of it now that I walk with a cane due to my physical condition degrading to the point that it also impacts my balance.  It's absurd that this is the case, just as others suggest sitting in a wheelchair would make things simpler.  I'd say shy of a major class action against the TSA, though, nothing will get done. They aren't highly trained professionals.  They are simply paid as if they are now. Right.  If the person had been pregnant and gone through the scanner then there could easily be a multimillion dollar lawsuit.  If you can't be asked an uncomfortable question in public then don't go out in public. > Pregnant people opt out of the scan, even if not visibly showing.

Anyone can opt out of any reason, thus the question irrelevant. Yes that is a reason why someone might opt out. But I am not obligated, legally or morally, to explain an opt out, and it's rude question, period.  That is exactly the outcome I would want from my complaint. And perhaps a look at the training structure to include [better?] sensitivity training for all agents. Yeah, they should have served time in jail, lost their jobs and still been forced to take a minimum of 4 years intensive training to not ask someone with a bulging gut if they are pregnant because if we allow one incident like this then the next step is genocide. Like filing a complaint with the TSA, which I stated I did in the article (which is a copy of what I did send to the TSA?)

Okay.  Your parents must be so proud of you, judging others on the net like a big boy! You don't ask a woman if she's pregnant! This is Social Skills 101 shit. I was letting her grope me without comment. I never tried to stop her from doing her job. But asking if I'm pregnant IS NOT DOING ANYTHING TO PROTECT ANYONE like what? Good for you and I'm sure most people make it though the TSA area with as little interaction with the people working there as possible. But when ever I've had to interact with them it's obvious they are lacking in the customer skills and/or training. Phoenix is the least organized major airport.  But I do appreciate the massive amount of food options there. [deleted] Eh I believe it. If you don't call ahead to the airlines TSA will give you mountains of shit. I've had clients with down syndrome and you're ushered right through without a second thought while clients of mine with autism are 'tested.' You mean where she was devastatingly asked if she needed assistance then cursed at one of them?   

Her whole blog seems subjective to her perceptions.  

Where she's cursing and accusing but a victim, and they're assholes because of "tone".



 The TSA agent was asking if she was ok.   They then had a conversation.

Nobody asked her to justify anything, since nothing was offered IF she met some justification.


The Blogger wants to bypass the line.   She states in her blog how she likes SW because they let her walk to the front and get the good seats.   


That's what she wants, she wants to walk to the front and bypass everyone else.  If you read carefully she tries to blame the TSA for almost making her miss her flight since she expected to walk past the TSA line and didnt leave enough time to wait 30 mins. I'm with you on not being a jerk to them. I don't have issues iwht them.  That said, if you ever have issues due to your disability (I think one of my sisters friends daughter has the same condition) then I wouldn't hesitate to ask for them. The first people you run into are typically trained to look at boarding pass, see if you're elite/business/first class or just coach and route you appropriately.  That's it.

Sorry you had that trouble. Badass xray by the way.  You're a tough girl. It is shitty and frustrating but he's right. The best way is to call ahead and request assistance. If she wants to prove a point then more power to her. Everyone knows that TSA blows. That sounds like an issue with the airline, though it sounds like the TSA wasn't making it any better. 

When my wife was having trouble, all I had to do was call Alaska customer service. They knew my flight info based on my caller ID, I requested a wheelchair, and that was it. 

All I'm saying is, make it easy for them to make it easy for you. Especially if you have a disability that isn't obvious.  TL;DR

Should have planned better imo. ok, perhaps I'm playin devil's advocate, but can you not stand up occassionally from a wheelchair, too? Stop flying, you make it more miserable for all of us.  We're talking about a physical issue here dealing directly with standing and not issues causing navigation problems like blindness or hearing impairment. Mine's fused from base of my neck to the tailbone and I'm well aware of all the extra things you have to do to deal with the pain quite often. If you're using a standing desk then you can stand for more than 30 minutes, especially at your age. You're seeking pity for our operation and blowing things way out of proportion by calling out "abuse". What's next? you're going to take a parking space away from people that actually are disabled or cut in line at amusement parks? But congrats getting attention for calling out an obvious hated group with your pity party. Some people deal and solve life problems, and some people end up being middle aged white women with lesbian haircuts complaining to retail management for petty bullshit and demand special treatment.  How quickly do you think muscles atrophy?  Certainly nowhere near the time it takes to board an airplane.  Why are you getting upvoted for this comment? Well, I did get some grad school homework done after I wrote it. Not sure if any homework is 'better' but at least it was something productive.  How long have you been on the internet?  How long have you been on the earth for that matter?  Show me where I said that she made this up oh smug one.  I never claimed that they made up the occasion but it's human nature to embellish things when they retell them and it is also in our nature to make shit up to make us look better.  It's also in our nature to be lazy and deal with something after it happens then to plan ahead so that it doesn't. It's not all that pervasive.  You are seeing a subset of the millions of people who travel every year without incident.  Rudeness and unprofessionalism suck but in my mind border more on annoyance than detrimental.  The fact is there are rude shitty people out there in every occupation but unless you file a formal complaint nothing will be done.  If there were that many complaints and people really thought that it would affect their businesses somehow then they might do something about it.  Having said that it is impossible to train people to be proficient in dealing with every kind of need.  Employees could get locked in an endless cycle of being trained to be sensitive to every nuance humanity could throw at them though I would argue that ADA should probably be at the top of this list. > I didn't stick around to watch much longer though

why not though? did you have somewhere to be? 

 Did you even read the article? She discusses both those things specifically. people who are disabled are not required to use wheelchairs or carry papers, asshole > It sounds to me as though the TSA folks were just a bit misinformed

That's an understatement  But don't I also have an obligation to prove that I have a difficult time standing?  Whatever happened to the simple concept of a doctor's note.  When I was little I couldn't go to school and claim I had difficulty standing without some proof.  Why as an adult getting on an airplane would it be any different?  And don't tell me that it's an issue of no health insurance or working 3 jobs and not being able to get to a doctor.  If all I have to do is claim that I can't stand then soon everyone will be claiming that to skip the line. A cane would just make my "lean" worse, since I lean a little left on my fusion anyways. (Also part of that atrophy thing). I have used a chair when I had the surgery, and again when I had two foot surgeries, but that was also an issue with people ignoring me, refusing to make eye contact, lack of autonomy to go to the shops or bathroom, etc. that I didn't like and wouldn't really care to repeat unless absolutely necessary.  But, I'd already opted out... Pregnancy is a very sensitive topic all-around.  Those who struggle with infertility may be triggered by such insensitive treatment.  It would be best if the TSA agents never mentioned it, period.  Slapped on the wrist and sensitivity training was more in reference to the news article and disabilities in general.  But heck, if the non-pregnant woman who posted above us is loud enough...  You know the saying about squeaky wheels. My parents are dead actually.  You see I'm older and mature. I'm not a twelve year old like you trying making snide pointelss comments on the internet and thinking they actually mean something.  I have every right to judge something on the internet when someone posts it on the internet.  I am simply making a judgement based upon what someone said.  When you become a big boy maybe we can talk.  You know how I know you're a little kid?  Because you won't be able to resist having the last word to say something else bratty to me or putting me down over the internet. So it's every time you go through.  Ever heard this saying?  If everywhere you go smells like dog shit you might want to check your own shoes. So what is your point about never seeing a wheelchair line at seatac?

Because you've never seen one (or one doesn't exist) at Seatac... that means...? It is subjective.  She has a long history of filing ada complaints.  > The Blogger wants to bypass the line. She states in her blog how she likes SW because they let her walk to the front and get the good seats.
> That's what she wants, she wants to walk to the front and bypass everyone else.

Yes, that's exactly right.  And she has a legal right to do so, and I fully support her doing so.  After all, she's in *serious pain* after standing for 30 minutes.  After 30 minutes, you or I may be *bored*, but we're not in pain, not even close to *serious* pain.

Get some perspective. Actually, the special assistance line at DIA usually does have a line, which I wait in, because it includes others with disabilities, families with children, the elderly, etc. I use it because it's not abnormal to have to request accommodation in that line, which avoids the problems I have when using the general screening line with confused agents yelling at me for not removing my shoes. I also often let people with more severe disabilities go in front of me, because I'm aware of my own limitations and know that, on my own bad days, I would appreciate the gesture if our roles were reversed.  Thanks! The scar is pretty metal, too. Always win the comparison contests with my guy friends, haha.  It's both, and as evidenced in an article below, people become even shittier if you pop out of the wheelchair to walk to the bathroom/onto the plane/whatever, which doesn't really make it easier at all. 

Plus, the standing/walking time compensates for the time I have to sit on the plane during takeoff; it's not just "people will think i'm faking," there's a legitimate reason I choose not to sit before boarding.  K.  They push those things through the airport like they're being clocked (which they might be, I dunno.) And if you stand up from a wheelchair at the gate, the attendants and other passengers often get extremely judgmental. You've probably seen photos of people standing up from chairs in stores to get liquor off a high shelf or something with shitty comments like "it's a miracle!" 

Yeah. It's like that. People want you to be in a chair if you're disabled, but if you can get up from the chair at all, they don't think you should have the chair.  I sit up front so I can stretch in the open area near the bathroom, and I don't do it next to anyone else's seat. Crying children make my flights miserable, but I put on headphones and ignore them instead of being an ass and telling their parents not to fly.  ... I feel like you missed the part of this where I said I have a chair because I have to cycle between sitting and standing, but whatever. I have 13 vertebrae fused, I'm 26, and I know my limitations and rights.  

I'm not going to answer the rest of your post because I've spoken to a lot of this in other replies and the post itself. I don't want pity, I want basic decency and basic accommodation. Deal with your internalized ableism, or ignore the article entirely, rather than turning on someone who took issue with a legitimately unacceptable incident with the TSA and chose to write about it.  After eight to ten years, about? So using a wheelchair consistently, or if I was in one full-time, as the OP suggested I be, they would, indeed, continue to atrophy.  /u/egalotry addressed it.  Op said she should be in a chair full time. Your phrasing implied she may have made up the entire thing. My apologies if I misunderstood your intent. I agree people can embellish or retell, and yes maybe this situation wasnt planned or handled perfectly, but suffice to say the TSA should be willing to accept someone when they say they have a health problem and perhaps offer up a solution.  The ADA is definitely something they need to be trained about. 1 in 5 people (about) have a disability in the US, so it's not like being trained to be sensitive to a person's weight or something. It's a legal issue for them, and as a government agency, they really should be trained to deal with protected groups appropriately.  Catching a plane, of course! haha Yes, that's why I said she CHOSE not to do these things. Yes but if they are smart they do carry papers.  I have sleep apnea and have to bring an extra carry on.  I know that someday somebody is going to give me shit about it so what do I do?  Wait until that day comes and then write an article about it or do I print off my papers and bring them with me.  I do the latter so that I don't have to deal with any bullshit.  That doesn't excuse the TSA for being jerk but when something is avoidable and you don't bother to avoid it then you take some blame too.  At the very least I don't need to listen to you bitch about it. The ADA law states that people can't be treated *differently*. It doesn't say automatic  concierge everywhere you go. She could have gotten a wheelchair and waited in line. > But don't I also have an obligation to prove that I have a difficult time standing?

No, actually, you do not.  The presumption is that you are disabled as identified, generally speaking.

> Whatever happened to the simple concept of a doctor's note. When I was little I couldn't go to school and claim I had difficulty standing without some proof. Why as an adult getting on an airplane would it be any different?

Aside from schooling being mostly a matter of state law and disability law being Federal, it's different because a minority of parents will use the "my kid was sick" excuse just to take a vacation or the like.  In most states children not only have a right to an education, but their parents or guardians have a legal duty to ensure they attend school.  It's to ensure that parents don't abuse the fact that kids get sick that most schools require a note from a physician if a kid is absent more than a couple of days in a row.

This is entirely different from an adult having a disability and requesting appropriate accommodation.

> And don't tell me that it's an issue of no health insurance or working 3 jobs and not being able to get to a doctor. If all I have to do is claim that I can't stand then soon everyone will be claiming that to skip the line.

It isn't an issue of no insurance; it's an issue of basic equity.  You may like to read the intent statement of the ADA.  Even Congress managed to get off its collective asses not all that long ago to create legislation to begin remedying the fact that those of us with disabilities simply were not being allowed to fully engage in life, quite often due to a lot of folks thinking that they just didn't matter.

> Sec. 12101. Findings and purpose

> (a) Findings

> The Congress finds that

> (1) physical or mental disabilities in no way diminish a person's right to fully participate in all aspects of society, yet many people with physical or mental disabilities have been precluded from doing so because of discrimination; others who have a record of a disability or are regarded as having a disability also have been subjected to discrimination;

> (2) historically, society has tended to isolate and segregate individuals with disabilities, and, despite some improvements, such forms of discrimination against individuals with disabilities continue to be a serious and pervasive social problem;

> (3) discrimination against individuals with disabilities persists in such critical areas as employment, housing, public accommodations, education, transportation, communication, recreation, institutionalization, health services, voting, and access to public services;

> (4) unlike individuals who have experienced discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, national origin, religion, or age, individuals who have experienced discrimination on the basis of disability have often had no legal recourse to redress such discrimination;

> (5) individuals with disabilities continually encounter various forms of discrimination, including outright intentional exclusion, the discriminatory effects of architectural, transportation, and communication barriers, overprotective rules and policies, failure to make modifications to existing facilities and practices, exclusionary qualification standards and criteria, segregation, and relegation to lesser services, programs, activities, benefits, jobs, or other opportunities;

> (6) census data, national polls, and other studies have documented that people with disabilities, as a group, occupy an inferior status in our society, and are severely disadvantaged socially, vocationally, economically, and educationally;

> (7) the Nation's proper goals regarding individuals with disabilities are to assure equality of opportunity, full participation, independent living, and economic self-sufficiency for such individuals; and

> (8) the continuing existence of unfair and unnecessary discrimination and prejudice denies people with disabilities the opportunity to compete on an equal basis and to pursue those opportunities for which our free society is justifiably famous, and costs the United States billions of dollars in unnecessary expenses resulting from dependency and nonproductivity.

> (b) Purpose

> It is the purpose of this chapter

> (1) to provide a clear and comprehensive national mandate for the elimination of discrimination against individuals with disabilities;

> (2) to provide clear, strong, consistent, enforceable standards addressing discrimination against individuals with disabilities;

> (3) to ensure that the Federal Government plays a central role in enforcing the standards established in this chapter on behalf of individuals with disabilities; and

> (4) to invoke the sweep of congressional authority, including the power to enforce the fourteenth amendment and to regulate commerce, in order to address the major areas of discrimination faced day-to-day by people with disabilities. Author here. I'll just c/p what I've stated previously: 

"I have a letter from my surgeon and my treating ortho doc, but nobody has ever bothered themselves to read it when it has been produced, and they aren't [legally] allowed to ask for documentation anyways, so it's a moot point/more crap to carry that I'd rather not deal with in my wallet while traveling."
 Oh, yeah, a cane isn't a solution to anything other than a balance issue.  Just mentioning it as a way of pointing out that the whole "prove you're disabled" thing is really at fault here.  Invisible disabilities are quite common, in fact, and we need a lot more education about that.  I've just noted the difference between before and after having a visible indication of disability is all.  Using a cane when you don't need one can certainly exacerbate an existing problem, just as using a wheelchair can. True and it isn't really any of her business why you opted out. I'm not even going to pretend that I know what you are talking about. If you'd like to have a discussion I suggest that you reread what I wrote and respond to that. [deleted] Based on what evidence?
  ... I do?  Where do come up with that shit?  According to her, she doesn't.  You just want her too as support for your own view. ACTUALLY

She still tried to blame a 30 min wait for almost making her miss her flight.

She still tried to demonize security guards working a line for the Seatac TSA setup.  As if the guy checking IDs designed the setup.

She still tried to make "tone" into harassment, since even her delusional world can't make their real words into something offensive. If you are worried about shitty comments from assholes then I have news, the rest of your life is going to be shitty too.  Here you are passing judgement and yet fearful of the same thing happening to you.  Don't like to fly.  Drive.  But you can't drive so fly and realize that air travel is not a constitutionally protected right.  You are choosing to fly and some risk comes along with that.  It's nice if they can make accommodations but air travel doesn't revolve around you.  Stay home for all the rest of us care. This is silly.  So you're also worried about being judged.  You would be even more harshly judged if you went through a disability line while looking like a well abled person.  You can't have it both ways! Having to get up during the flight makes you a danger to the rest of us. Sorry but I've been on flights with bad turbulence. Watching people without seatbelts hit their heads on the roof and land on others isn't a pretty thing to watch. Yeah, tell someone with muscular dystrophy how disabled you "feel". Fraud. Yeah I failed to understand what was being said there. I would change that slightly and say that the TSA should be willing to accept IF proof is offered and then DEFINITELY offer up a solution as the ADA requires. I can't tell you how much reading this hurts my heart. I just want you to know that, anonymous internet person. This woman could be you some day. I'm so glad it's that simple for you. Sincerely, someone who lives with and loves someone with a severe disability who has to work ten times as hard as most to get out in the world and life his life. 

Fuck. They didn't ask for paperwork. They were just unprofessional and rude. I can't make their day or job suck less by producing a letter.  Someone would have to be pushing that wheelchair, which would, indeed, be a concierge service. Asking to be able to walk through on my own? Not concierge service.  Oh, for sure. I've had people suggest I get a cane or arm canes etc but it's A) expensive and B) feels like fraud to me. One day, I'll probably need those. Now, I don't. And that should be fine.  He said they seem rude because you're a dick You might be less skeptical if you moved about in the world with a severe disability or with someone who has one. My partner is disabled. You would not believe the bigotry and laziness he encounters. I would not have ever, ever guessed it existed on this level prior to my time with him. And it adds up, and makes you more aware of the subtle stuff. And there's plenty of that. I apologize if I confused you with someone else. There's a lady who's goal is just to complain to the state and federal agencies, and she has been at it for years.  She is legit disabled,  and while I can appreciate someone trying to keep agencies compliant with ada requirements, she is really obnoxious about it. I've heard comments that she is just trying to get preferential treatment,  or scam for money or something. As a disabled vet that doesn't 'look' disabled,  people like her seem to make things more difficult for the rest of us.  I've been accused of 'faking' being disabled by people who obviously have no freaking idea just what it takes to get that documented.  

Edit: fyi, those checkpoints are videotaped,  and some have audio recordings.  I strongly recommend,  if you haven't already,  to file a grievance with TSA about this incident.  Exactly what view would that be? I wasn't aware that I expressed one.  Probably a good time to point out that I'm the person who wrote the article and I've explained all of those things in either the link or the comments I've made here.  Adjust your fedora. It's cutting off blood flow to your brain. I'm not sure you understand the context and history of accessibility in this country. Disabled people used to be kicked out of restaurants and businesses, among other things. If you haven't read up on the reasons the ADA was created in the first place, it's an interesting historical context, and demonstrates how much has changed since 1990 when it was passed. 

I don't expect air travel to revolve around me, I expect to be treated with a basic level of decency by people- Especially people who are paid to interact with the public. Americans with disabilities are entitled, by law (yes, entitled- That is the word for it) to reasonable accommodations, and asking for those accommodations is not asking the world to revolve around me.  So what's it like being on the TSA payroll? Because that's the only excuse I can muster for you acting like such a shitty human being. I don't get judged for using the special assistance line, because I'm not hopping out of a wheelchair to walk to the bathroom or terminal bar. It's just a line that's there that I go through, and nobody asks anything because I know what it is and why I need it. Everyone else is too busy dealing with their own checkpoint hassles to gawk at the girl minding her own business.  While the seatbelt sign is off and I'm allowed to move around the cabin? More of a danger than the random people getting up to use the restroom? Okay.  Oh, shit, I forgot it's a contest.  Also: The pain isn't fake. I can't make you 'get' that, but you not believing it doesn't change it. It's not fairies, it's pain. Christ.  But the ADA explicitly states that you can't ask someone to produce proof of disability, because it's considered a violation of privacy. You may have the opinion that ID would make things better/easier, but currently, there is no burden of proof on people with disabilities requesting accommodation.  Naw, wouldn't be me. I would travel with the correct documentation or at least get pre-check.  That's a cop out.  Getting ahead in life in almost everything involves being proactive.  If my bill didn't arrive in the mail does that mean I owe nothing.  No, if I want to avoid hassle I am proactive and find out why it didn't show and make sure it gets paid anyway.  With the TSA you are basically dealing with unskilled minimum wage workers who probably don't give a shit about being professional.  Just be glad those people are finally making the $15/hr they deserve I guess./s They're not only expensive,  but they cause strain on the body in places you don't already have it.  Our disabilities, though different in particulars, are similar in effect.  Portions of the main structural support systems in each of us are screwed up; for you, your skeletal system, for me the connective elements that bind my skeletal system to the muscles.  It doesn't matter *what* you do, too much of any one thing is problematic in such a situation.  Nobody's found a good way around that so far.

Part of what bothers me is that while the cane acts like a sign telling some folks I am disabled and thus deserving of some leeway, it also acts as a scarlet letter as well.  I frequently overhear folks muttering amongst themselves that "if that guy would just lose weight he wouldn't need that stupid cane".  What they fail to take into account is that the weight is due to my lack of activity enforced by my disability, not the other way around.  Oh, sure, I could eat a little less but I already barely eat anything as it is.  It's only because many of the medications I must take to alleviate my condition have a side effect of weight gain that I'm overweight at all!  Of course, that doesn't mesh with the experience of those fortunate enough to not need such things.

Again, what is really needed is education about the life of a disabled person at all levels.  Good luck with that, though.  :) Then you too need to reread what I wrote. The main points being the cluelessness about new policies and lack of customer service.  Oh. Yeah, no, that's not me. I spend most of my time doing nerdy crap like sewing and reading comics, I only write complaints for the absolutely unacceptable shit.  The view that she has a long history of complaints.  It must be a view because she doesn't state that herself. Ok, YOU did those things.

I find it VERY odd that you turned a question that came from what seemed to be a friendly conversation into hideous attack on your life choices.

Notice my stark use of disapproving language, since you can't hear my "tone". I do know where there is an ADA and see it as a good thing and it does entitle people to certain things.  It does not entitle you to decency; that's just a crap-shoot anywhere we go.  I'm not sure why a screener at the airport should be held to any greater or lesser standard than anyone else.  You are entitled to a reasonable accommodation but reasonable is fairly vague.  I guess what I had trouble understanding was why you didn't bring some papers with you knowing this would probably be an issue, why you had to be sarcastic to them, why you didn't do a lot of things that it seems to me like would be second nature for someone who claims to have endured this for years.  Reading some further comments of yours I see that you seem to be pretty level headed but on first glance it seemed like maybe you were taking your entitlement and expectations a bit too far. Grow up.  Me saying it like it is doesn't make me a shitty human being.  What makes you a shitty human being is demanding other people censor themselves so your poor feeling might not get hurt.  I'm not defending the TSA at all but it's nice you can get worked up about that so you can call me names and show that you are no better than a TSA agent.  I'm saying if you are so worried what people might think that it makes it hard to function then stay the fuck home and hide.  It isn't anybody's responsibility to make you feel like you aren't being judged.  You are all the time by lots of people.  Deal with it.  I guess that makes me TSA defender?  LOL.  Why can't the world just be this soft happy place where nobody is ever sad?  We need to do more!!!! What happens when it's a 5 hour flight, with a seatbelt on the entire time? Do you just deal with the pain?  Oh I get the pain and know it's not fake. I'm saying it doesn't make you some kind of victim where people now should accommodate you and your feelings anywhere you go. Good luck if you can't handle the pain at 26 kid, because it gets way worse.  So what do we do then when everyone who shows up claims a disability and everybody gets to the front of the line?  I guess I would then have to just believe nobody was disabled unless they could prove it.  It seems very short sighted to me to make a law designed to assist a certain small % of the population and then let everyone take advantage of it.  If I'm a shoe bomber guess what, I'm now handicapped too. Unless you were making a tactless joke, they mean suffer a permanent, crippling disability. I hope you look both ways crossing the street. I asked for the special assistance/ADA line, intending to be proactive by using the line staffed with agents accustomed to dealing with accommodation. I've carried my letters for years. (My mother used to make me carry them in a pouch around my neck, which was immensely obnoxious). I never had to pull them out, so I stopped carrying them in the past year or so. And even with the letters, they would not have had a line to direct me to. They probably would have told me to get a wheelchair, leading to the other problems discussed throughout this post. 

It all leads to the same thing: They shouldn't have behaved the way they did, with papers, without papers, with a wheelchair, without a wheelchair, etc. I'll probably bring my letters again in the future, after this incident, but the issue lies in their lack of training/knowledge about the ADA and that individuals with disabilities are not required to carry proof of disability to receive accommodations.  I choose not to assign nonverbal cues to online conversations, since I don't have context. 

As to address your questions: 

• I would have been in line about ten people earlier if the agent had said "We don't have a special assistance line." 

• The guy checking IDs should not have congratulated a person with a disability for "making it through" the line, because that's a dick comment to make. 

• Tone of voice is actually a nonverbal cue that indicates intent in verbal communication; translation of tone, while it rests on the receiver of the message, is created by the sender of the message, and if the tone does not match the common communications of conversational neutrality or empathy, the receiver can reasonably translate the combination of tone and nonverbal cues (facial expression, etc.) to be negative and offensive, as I did in this situation. You can see a behavioral scientist discuss this here: https://www.azpm.org/p/top-news/2013/5/21/24474-nonverbal-communication-and-health/ 

Edit: Also, asking someone if a non-elective surgery was worth it is pretty insensitive. You wouldn't ask an amputee if it was worth the inconvenience.  I honestly believe everyone is entitled to some decency; I've gotten into arguments with fellow passengers who were rude to airline employees before, because I can't stand people abusing others when they're just doing their job in a professional manner. Reasonable accommodation is vague, indeed, but my accommodations are relatively simple: I can't take my shoes off, and I can't stand too long in the line, or sit too long in a chair. I became sarcastic after an agent was snide with me (congratulating me for standing in the line is condescending and rude, regardless of how you view the rest). 

Once again, I do have letters, but they're that- Letters. Nobody wants to read them, they take up space in my bag/wallet/etc., and they're never used. Since we don't dispense armbands to mark the cripples in public, and I don't use mobility aids, I can usually pass as able-bodied. Otherwise, I usually get my very basic accommodations by asking politely where the ADA/special assistance line is and working with the agents there. 

If someone who wasn't part of the TSA had said those things to me, I would have been even sassier, honestly. It was rude of him to congratulate me for standing in line with a disability, as well as inconsiderate and inappropriate. I filed my complaint because that commentary, while simply upsetting for me, would be even more hurtful to someone who isn't as used to it (or "bitchy", whatever term you prefer) as I am. 

I posted the complaint with the elaborations before and after as an article to share with my friends who have disabilities, and when they posted it on their activist groups, it exploded. I didn't intend for it to get the exposure it did, but it did, so now I'm hoping it will be a catalyst for some attention to the issue within the TSA and able-bodied communities, or at least encourage others with similar stories to speak out instead of feeling they have to put up with it simply because it is the TSA.  Never happened, honestly. If it did, though, I'd buy some alcohol to help the discomfort and suck it up. Then I'd go to my physical therapist to fix the pain, etc. when I got home. Okay, I apologize for the language, but here's the angry edition of this: 

I'm not a fucking victim. Some TSA agents, who should be trained to know better, if not know better by basic common decency, said some shitty things while I was trying to get my basic accommodations, which I am legally entitled to, while traveling. I filed a complaint about it, which is what you do in any customer service or other situation where your rights are violated. I then posted that complaint on Medium to show my friends, who posted it in their own disability groups, and it exploded. I didn't intend for this to blow up the way it did, but it did, so here I am! 

I know how much it's going to hurt later. I handle it by using the accommodations I need to use when I need to use them. I also go to physical therapy, exercise, do yoga, and other crunchy shit to help relieve it, and will keep doing it as long as I need to and as long as I can. 

So please, stop acting like I've wronged you by being upset when some people who should know better said something shitty to me when they did not have the right to, abusing their positions of power and control to attempt to put me in my 'place' with derogatory comments. You're allowed to be embittered and think what you want, but calling me a fraud and attempting to police my pain and personal feelings about how people treat me is inappropriate.  They have to swab your shoes for explosive residue, so I mean, that wouldn't work super well.  > asking someone if a non-elective surgery was worth it is pretty insensitive

I've sparred with this jerk before. I'm pretty sure he thinks "sensitive" is a dirty word. I think an easy solution is simply just like we do for parking spaces.  There's no reason why people with disabilities can't get stickers or passes or something that they just show and get through.  I think the problem lies in what is a disability.  If it's 1 in 5 now, what was it 20 years ago?  I ask because these days we make accommodations for seemingly anything people can make up.  Oh I am nervous taking tests which I call test anxiety so I can get special accommodations.  Shit we all get nervous before a test but some of us handle it.  Some people claim their toy dog needs to come into the grocery store with them to keep them calm.  Are they disabled or just coddled pussies who need to grow a set.  I don't know but in today's world it's hard to distinguish between people who are handicapped and people who are "handicapped".  I agree that we should show decency to everyone but I also know that when you hire unskilled workers at the lowest wages you can pay them you are going to get what you get.  But you're right they should at the very least understand the ADA and that they need to respect it whether they want to be polite about it or not. It happens. Be aware. 

Get your pre-check. It's been offered for over 5 years and you won't have to deal with TSA anymore.  OK bad example maybe.  I just think if people actually find out that all they have to do is say they are handicapped to get special treatment that all hell is going to break loose.  It's just so easy when someone tells you that you can't do something to say, "oh but I'm handicapped and you can't prove I'm not so you do anything about."  Doesn't that seem like a big problem? I'm cranking through Borderlands 2, so I mean... until the next time I'm bored enough to argue about tone in communication, I'm busy. :D I can see both sides of that. The parking placard is useful to keep those limited spaces accessible to those who need them, but on the other hand, people with disabilities often don't want to be branded as such publicly. O
ne of my friends who has recently been permanently disabled by a car accident (she was t-boned by a texting teenager, and now she can't work the job she's spent years studying for, has a wheelchair, might have had a degenerative disease set off, etc.) made the comparison to the eras of internment camps: Jews in Germany having to carry ID and mark themselves, Non-Japanese Asians in the US doing the same after Pearl Harbor, etc. It's a little extreme, but it's also a valid point, especially since studies show that able-bodied people feel uncomfortable with visibly disabled people. A study in the UK illustrated this very well: (PDF link) http://www.scope.org.uk/Scope/media/Images/Publication%20Directory/Current-attitudes-towards-disabled-people.pdf  I've flown internationally, I know how planes work, but thanks for repeating yourself a few more times.  That's the issue we're having with service dogs right now, but requiring service dog owners to have documentation etc. puts a burden onto the people with disabilities to pay for that documentation, carry it, etc. when people without disabilities don't have to do that. I don't have a solution, but I know the reasoning behind not requiring people with disabilities to carry proof of disability.  Honestly I think comparing it to genocide of the Jews is a LOT extreme and sort of invalidates that person's view in my mind.  I just don't see any other way outside of some form of ID to prevent non-handicapped people from abusing it. I see your point and don't see a solution either. She's not comparing it to the genocide, thus the comparison the internments during WW2 in the US. She's comparing it to the identification that marked those people as the "other" in society, and thus allowed people to treat them differently based on that identification. People are always going to abuse it, even with ID; fake service dog vests and certificates have already proven that. Able-bodied people with shitty morals shouldn't be reason for the law to make it harder for people with disabilities to function in society by putting the burden of proof onto the less privileged group.  Fair enough but the handicapped are the very people who want to be treated differently right?  You can't get to the front of the line and also expect people not to notice that they didn't and wonder why.  They are going to notice anyway so what's the harm in also having an idea card that proves it's legitimate.  Tatooing the Jews was to mark them for shitty treatment, marking the handicapped is to allow them special treatment to make their lives more manageable.  Big difference.  In fact if I was Jewish I could easily be outraged by what your friend said.  Anyway, the solution I'm hearing is just treat everyone specials and believe that most people aren't going to abuse it.  That's the honor system and is not really a solution. I don't want to be treated differently, though. People with disabilities want to be able to move through the world as easily as people without disabilities; that's not asking for anything extreme or "special". It's asking to have the same opportunity and access that everyone else has, even if that requires a ramp, not taking off your shoes for a TSA screening in favor of having them swabbed, wider bathroom stalls, or a lift on a bus. 

Accessibility and accommodation are not the same thing, but it's hard to explain it in brief. I can try, if that doesn't make sense.  