Bike shares and sidewalm accessibility I work in Ballard and frequently see bike shares parked in ways that cause accessibility issues for wheelchairs etc. They're parked in the middle of narrow sidewalks, at intersections blocking the sidewalk slope (or whatever you call it), etc. Anyone know what's being done about this?  You can move them yourself also. I move the ones I see in the way when I am walking about and have the time. I just like things in order. 

The ofo and lime even have a nice handles on the back to left front wheel and just roll the front wheel.  Each app does have a way to report bikes in the way. 

This is a people issue, training people on the proper way to use these bikes and where to park.  Check the contact info for each company about 2/3 of the way down the page here - http://www.seattle.gov/transportation/projects-and-programs/programs/bike-program/bike-share  I think the ofo bikes even have a method for deducting "reputation points" from folks who leave bikes improperly parked, potentially to a level where they'd be removed from the ofo system.

If you want to direct your comments to SDOT, joel's e-mail is there and councilmembers Mike O'Brien and Rob Johnson are running the transportation committee that's working on the permanent bikeshare rules.

And there's always twitter pics and public shaming.  The local ADA groups probably have twitter accounts.

[if you want to get angry, read the section about parking requirements in the permit and how they're only supposed to be parked on hard surfaces, leave 5 ft of passable space, and be away from corners](http://www.seattle.gov/Documents/Departments/SDOT/BikeProgram/BicycleSharePermitRequirements.pdf) Have you complained to the company? I'm sure they have a record of the most recent rider. its the simple solutions that people oft forget.  Thanks for the info. I'm going to start emailing SDOT. Based on that pdf, the majority of bike shares I see are illegally parked.  Yeah but it’s kinda tough, because people can move them. not saying anyone would purposefully move one in front of like a sidewalk ramp, but I’ve seen junkies try to drag them behind dumpsters and rip them apart, and I’m sure they don’t really care about where they leave them. But people that leave them in inconvenient places can eat shit [removed] This is definitely an issue!  I try to move them when I see they're in the way, but they are heavy so it's not always easy. Don’t matter. It’s their property. They’re responsible for where it ends up. What if a hertz rent-a-car was abandoned in a handicap spot? Who is liable? They need to speak to the manager. That doesn't solve the underlying problem. I can't be everywhere to move all bikes. And I don't have the strength or time to move all the illegally parked bikes I see in a day.  Hardly an equal comparison.

Let me know when a rental car can be moved by hand with a single person.

 Intentionally unequal to illustrate disparity.  