Wheelchair User Planning a trip to Seattle I'm a wheelchair user, planning a solo trip to Seattle. I'm taking the Amtrak to King Street Station and staying in a hotel somewhere close by. 

Ideally, I'm taking public transit to get around.

I hear that Seattle is pretty good in terms of accessibility. I consider myself pretty capable, otherwise. 

 I'm just wondering if there's anything I should know or be aware of? 

Any insight anyone can give me would be awesome. 

Also - first trip to Seattle, so if you guys have any suggestions on things you absolutely have to see or do, shoot. 

Thanks! 
 https://accessmap.io/

That's a map/app that has all the hills marked and most of the curb cuts. It should be pretty helpful in planning routes. 

Busses are generally pretty accessible, I don't think I've ever seen one that can't "kneel" and the all have foldy ramps too. I push my son in a manual wheelchair, so I have a little bit I can share. I would recommend if you go to the waterfront at all take a bus, or go inside Pike Place and there's an elevator inside there that will take you a couple blocks away from the waterfront. The hills are super steep, and slippery from the rain so I would never push him directly down or up.


The great wheel and other shops down there are all wheelchair accessible. Imo our aquarium is kinda boring, I would skip that. We have a nice zoo that's only one bus ride from downtown. Seattle Center is easily accessible as well. I would highly recommend going to the museums we have here.  I would recommend using Google Street View to help plan your trips. You can see the actual conditions you will be in. Public transit is great (elevators at all the light rail stops, and at least one elevator to a platform for a given direction of transit has been working whenever I've been in a station; buses all have ramps, auto-deflate tires, and have seats that will fold up in the front for wheelchairs). You need to be aware of the schedule (especially if you're out late), since service drops off or even disappears overnight.  Do you have a power chair? We have a lot of hills. Seattle Art Museum is very chair friendly. I really enjoy going in my chair and really taking my time with the art. The Cinerama movie theatre is very accessable and the chocolate popcorn is not to be missed. I often use Lyft in areas like Pike Place (I stay out of the market on busy days/times as it is so crowded) or Pioneer Square where there are hills and shady people who may mess with me. My user picture has my chair, so everyone is on the same page. Never had any issues. Thanks for the responses everyone - You guys are amazing!

Hopefully the weather holds up this weekend, I think I'll start with a cup of coffee and go from there :)


 [deleted] Thanks for this, really helpful.  Use Google Maps and OneBusAway to keep track of the bus schedule! King County Metro and Sound Transit sends out the live updates about bus/train/streetcar times and these apps keep track of them. I don't get it, why u posted it?  You're welcome! Sorry I can't give you any more specifics, but I honestly don't leave Ballard very often (except to drive to work on the east side)

I just remember attending one of the city hall meetings where they debuted this so it stuck out in my mind when I saw your post. =) One thing to note on this map is that the dots that are marked construction permit are likely sidewalk closures. Seattle is happy to close down sidewalks, sometimes at multiple corners of an intersection so you may need to go a few blocks out of your way to circle around. This can also result in bus stop closures or relocations. KC Metro has an [alerts page](https://www.kingcounty.gov/depts/transportation/metro/alerts-updates.aspx) that should list those. 