Problems already with Dota 2 players? Last night saw a team of four with their matching track jackets who were blocking about half the sidewalk on Pike by the convention center.

They pretended not to hear/undertand a woman in a wheelchair who was yelling at them to get out of the way until one of their parents finally noticed and yelled at them in Mandarin (I think) and they moved aside to let the woman get through. [deleted] Those damn foreigner kids loitering in their matching ath-leisure gear, what a scourge  Why didnt you do something about it? Were you waiting for the woman to get up and fight four dudes? Haha oh man this post.

PROBLEMS WITH PEOPLE!!! 

(They kinda blocked a sidewalk)

IGNORED A POOR WOMAN

(Probably didn't speak english)

DAE!?!?!?!?!?

(Didn't do anything to help the situation but ran to Reddit to whine). 

Gg OP If it was one of the Chinese teams they speak very little English (most of them anyways) and probably didn't understand. If this was the only problem arising from tens of thousands of people attending that convention, I'd say things are going pretty darn well. Most likely, they might not have understood you. Not going to lie, I'vehad experiences in my chair where people from China either completely ignore me, give me demeaning looks, or stare... so, I guess a bit like people from here.... Such an atrocity would never be committed by a LoL team. Look at this snowflake here who has never had to push through the tourists crowds waiting for the underground tour. Many of them aren't used to being outside with real people. It's only once a year they venture outside.  It's because they'd much rather bitch about it on Reddit than actually act.  he was part of the team and is low key flaunting his matching track jackets And poor concern for anyone else around them. They're not taught to worry about others outside their immediate social groups.  pro gamers get a lot of public exposure though Thank you for perpetuating the stereotype that gamers are socially awkward shut ins.  