Free (Cheap) Things To Do In St. Louis (When You're In A Wheelchair) Hi everyone... My partner and I moved to St. Louis a year ago to be closer to family. We haven't really had the time until now to really explore the city and all it has to offer. We're both on a limited income, he's in a wheelchair after having a spinal stroke a couple years ago. 

I recently started surprising him by taking him out to some local attraction. One day, we hit the Outlet Malls out on I64. We've been to Forest Park and are planning on doing the Zoo and Museums and stuff around the park. We've looked into doing The Arch, but his wheelchair seems to prevent that. 

I'm sure that sometimes the best things to do in the city aren't always listed in the travel brochures or on the top of a list of search results. And I've always felt the locals know the city best, so here's my question:

What are the best fun or interesting things to check out or do in the St. Louis area? Parks ... Museums ... Shopping ... any kind of attraction, really. Since we're both on fixed incomes, free is always good, but cheap is great, too.

I am sure someone out there might have a few great ideas...? have you looked into paraquad? I am not super familiar, but it is an organization for people with physical disabilities, may be worth looking into. I know they have some pretty cool programs. 

http://www.paraquad.org/

I work with intellectual and developmental disabilities which includes cerebral palsy- the MUNY has wheelchair accessible seats (which they often give away), science center/planetarium, city garden downtown is a pretty neat park  You can buy tickets for Cards game pretty cheap (I think I've gotten them as cheap as $4 each) on Seatgeek and they are so good about taking care of those that need a little extra help.  My dad has Parkinson's and my mom has trouble walking because of a knee injury.  They go the extra mile to make sure we're taken care of. The Missouri Botanical Gardens has free admission for city and county residents on Wednesday and Saturday before noon (except when there is a special event or festival). Normal admission for a resident is also reasonable at $4.  Some Wheelchair Accessible Free Stuff

Laumeier Sculpture Park
City Garden 
Grants Farm (Parking is not free right at the front gate)
Zoo (quite a bit of free parking)

 The science center should also be pretty accessible.  Free parking on the planetarium side.  
AB Brewery Tour
The Muny (they offer free seats if you get there early enough)
Botanical Gardens The street art murals on the floodwall doesn't require getting out of the car, and is a neat thing to spend 20 minutes on between other things.

Soulard Market is always a nice saturday morning.

The [Gateway Geyser](http://www.meprd.org/mmmp.html) will start up again in April at noon, 3, and 6. Has an elevated observation platform that is wheelchair-accessible for the best view of the Arch and the skyline.

The Butterfly House in Kirkwood is also pleasant and reasonably cheap (free if you have a Mobot membership). People watch in the Loop on Delmar. If it's a nice day grab a coffee and just chill. Same can be said in the central west end and coffee cartel. More interesting characters in the loop though.  Going up the Arch specifically might be prohibitive for wheel chair access but there is a musueum underground about the expansion into the West. There are also a large screen theater with a cool Lewis and Clark re-enactment/documentary narrated by Jeff Bridges produced by National Geographic. It's well done with some fantastic helicopter shots of the rivers and mountains. 

It's a National Park so I would imagine it is accessible.  Thanks! We're not big sports people but ...maybe :-) Certainly, $4 is reasonable. Saturday morning might be better! :-) Thanks. Wow! 3 Great ideas. I'll put all three on my list! Thank you. The Butterfly House is in Chesterfield.  I think the inside of the Arch is still closed for renovation, but apparently they're showing the Arch films at the Old Courthouse in the meantime. Paging /u/jeffnps for more info. A live sporting event is a much different animal than watching at home especially something like a Cardinals game. If you do go remember that can bring your own (non-alcoholic) drinks and food ~~not~~ into the stadium. I'd also recommend going with a couple other people who are at least casual fans so you can at least have an idea what's going on if you don't know much about the sport. I'll 2nd a cards game, they are incredibly accommodating and if you aren't into sports it's still a worthwhile Saint louis social outing. If you want any special accommodations at Ballpark Village across the street throw me a PM.  Also the special events are always worth it. A bit more crowded but the people are generally very polite even on the crowded days. My sister is in a wheelchair and had no problems at the botanical gardens in a busy day.  That is sort of correct. The monument to the dream film is showing at the Old Courthouse and that is wheelchair accessible. The Arch is actually in the process of reopening now but is not wheelchair accessible. [More info](https://www.facebook.com/GatewayArchNPS/)  