Fun Activities for Kids that can Accommodate ill Dad? My kids are off school from tomorrow through July 17th. My husband is off work right now because of Post Concussion Syndrome, passing out and seizures. He is very sensitive to heat and doesn't have a ton of energy.  I am not comfortable leaving him home alone at this point so activities have to be under 2 hours tops with under 30 minute travel time from Golflinks and Kolb. We have 4 children ages 10, 8, 6, and 18 months. My budget is pretty much $0 but I will try to have a yard sale soon so I would still like suggestions for low cost activities.

I know my post is pretty dumb. I just don't want my kids only memories of this summer to be sitting in the waiting room during Dad's doctors appointments. I've got some good ideas for crafting at home but I don't have many out of the house ideas.  My ideas so far are renting a wheelchair at the Zoo, the 50 cent kid movies at the theater,  Brandi Fenton Splash pad, and summer reading at the library. 

Any suggestions are greatly appreciated.  
 We used to enjoy ambling around the Swap Meet once the sun went down on Friday and Saturday. Grab some cheap incense and some tamarind pulp candy, check out the latest offerings in brass knuckles, er, "paperweights," good times.  The Edith Ball ARC has pretty cheap admission to use their pool facilities, I don't know if it's better or orse than Brandi Fenton for you. If you're thinking the zoo, I'd suggest the Zoo membership, it's like $100 for a year for 2 named adults and like 6 kids.  You can add another unnamed adult (like Dad) for the year for $15. Here is the link I found for the cheap kids movies. http://arizonafamilies.blogspot.com/2017/05/free-and-cheap-summer-movies-for-kids.html?m=1 The TUSD family resource centers have some fun free programs and free breakfast or lunch for kids everyday.  

[Family Resource Centers](http://tusd1.org/familycenters) 
The YMCA also has free swimming lessons.   Check out the cultural passes at the library if you end up at any museums. Zoo memberships are great! It's actually $80/yr for 2 named adults and 4 children (I think they changed up their memberships semi-recently). Also if a membership isn't quite your thing but you are still interested in the Zoo, there are Summer Safari nights on Fridays (from like 6-8pmish?) through I think the first week of August that would be cooler since you said he is sensitive to the heat.  Hey /u/CrunchyMother! Check your messages :-) 