If you had to chose: wet republic, rehab beach club, or XS? (least crowded) So back in my 'rave days' when I was like 18 I went to a lot of events in NJ/NYC (I'm from that area). I will be in Vegas for the summer, and kinda wanna go to an EDC week event (around 2nd week of may). I'm still only 23, but feel like an old lady cause of multiple health issues (I am not physically disabled as in I'm not in a wheelchair or anything, but have issues like chronic pain/poor heat tolerance/etc), but still want to attempt to go to one of these things to relive my more wild years lol. Can't drink or anything, but just would like to go and have fun. Could anyone who's been to wet republic, rehab, or XS explain what those places are like/how they're set up/how packed they get? Hard to judge from pictures. Because of my health issues, I will more than likely need to be able to cool down whether its in a pool and/or AC, and can no longer handle super super packed places, and (might) need somewhere to sit for a little (but not looking to spend $$$ on a cabana or whatever). Im assuming WR or rehab would be better than XS since the first two are pool parties and XS is a nightclub which would probably be more packed? Honestly no idea, any input welcome! If heat is an issue try Nightswim at XS

Edit: maybe it’s changed to Encore Beach Club at Night. 
 The 2 best options are XS Nightswim and EBC Nightswim.

Any club is going to have a dance floor that is very unpleasantly crowded so you were right to dismiss those options.

Daytime pool parties get relatively crowded and have minimal options with regard to avoiding the sun. In May it won't necessarily be more than mid-90s, but direct sun for hours on end will tire out the fully healthy.

The best options are nighttime pool parties. 

Encore Beach Club (EBC) is Wynn/Encore's pool party venue. Thursday, Friday, and Saturdays starting in May the pool is open at night, giving you all the benefits of a pool party without the sun. There's even some publicly available seating at EBC that you can use as long as you show up early in the night.

XS on Sundays also opens up their outdoor pool. Typically an area just for overflow of the club, the outside area becomes the focus. In the past I would have typically warned that this event could become quite rowdy, but as of last year it's become much more tame. There is even a hot tub hidden away in the back corner that is perfect for relaxing at. 2 different events at 2 different locations both at Wynn/Encore.

XS Nightswim is at the outdoor portion of XS (Encore's European Pool). It take place Sunday nights, and occasionally Monday nights.

Encore Beach Club Nightswim is Encore Beach Club just at night. It takes place Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights. There’s some more options for ya OP better explained  