Wheelchair Accessible Cab So I have been to Vegas a couple times and as an electric wheelchair user the biggest challenge has been being able to get a wheelchair Accessible cab to show up. They are easy to find at the Airport and easy to schedule to go back to the airport. I even pick up cards of drivers that I enjoy ridding with, but often they are on the other side of town when looking to get picked up. So some advice is appreciated with a couple issues.
Leaving the hotel. Every hotel I stay at refuses to call the cab company until we are actually out in the sun waiting at the taxi line. Is there someone I can tip and have them call the cab while we are in our room and just come down when it arrives?

Suggestions on being out and about and getting fast service for a wheelchair accessible cab.
All input is welcome and thanks.

Edit: To try and make it worthwhile. I always try and give awesome tips. I will add another $20 on top of of a $20 trip. At the trump hotel we would do this all the time call early and have em send someone very odd Call the cab yourself, and say you need a wheelchair accessible cab. It's probably best if you do this well in advance, maybe half an hour to a couple hours beforehand call up the cab company and say "I'll need a wheelchair accessible cab at *location* at *time* Concierge won't do this for you?! They'll find a hooker and blow in the middle of the night for someone, but refuse to do this simple request?  I have done that, but it is a challenge when you are out at an event an you don't know when you want to leave. For example we could be at the strip and decide to take a trip downtown. Are we going to be there for just a couple hours or there the entire house? It is hard to predict many times. Yep. I assume it has to do with the unions and the desire to not infringe on the parking valet's territories. It is truly frustrating as waiting 30min for a cab outside a property is not fun. yeah, it sounds like a real pain. The problem is with what you need, is that the people you'd probably need to tip and have call you are valet/taxi line attendants, and it's not like they can stand around and wait for your taxi to arrive because there are hundreds of people to tend to outside. 

But I did find a link that might be helpful to you. http://www.wheelchairtraveling.com/las-vegas-wheelchair-accessible-taxis/ Well I get the economics of it. My tip to the Valets would need to be so large as to be impractical to make it worth their while. Calling the cab companies directly has for some strange reason not been as successful as hoped. I'm talking about 1 1/2 delays and just not sending someone.

My hope is just find a system where within ~30 minutes. I can get a ride from one location in vegas to another without having to wait in the heat. 