Mobility Scooter rentals near the Excalibur? My wife and I are taking my Mother in Law to Vegas in October.  She is Wheelchair bound but we were wondering if anyone knows of any good Mobility Scooter rental places that will pick up/collect the scooter from the Excalibur.

If I can get away without pushing her chair around for the week, I will be very happy! haha Yes, I've used a place called Get Around Mobility.  702-637-0008.  I know they have delivered to The Orleans and Palms; assume they would as well for Excalibur.

About $15-20/day if getting it for more than 5 days. J&B Mobility. 702-413-6350.  Call and ask your hotel if they have them. Most strip hotels have a bunch of them.  [deleted] That's great, thank you for the help. 
I'll get in touch with them today.  Thank you, Ill give them a try. Thanks for the reply!

However, I sent the Excalibur a twitter message three weeks ago and an email two weeks ago.

They replied to the twitter DM this morning saying "email us"

Not exactly great customer service, hence this post so I can spend the money elsewhere! [deleted] If you want to do it all through e-mail you can e-mail jandbscooters@gmail.com.  Just let them know the approximate weight of the person, and you pay when they drop it off. Yeah that's twitter. Call them.  I work as a VIP Host for a nightclub and the Excalibur is my property to visit, so I have a good rapport with the concierge. Shoot me a PM and I'll give you all the details when I ask them about it tomorrow.  Calm down man. I am sure you mean well, but you should realise that you are coming across a wee bit cunty.

I'm not in the US, international calls are not cheap.  responding to emails is.  Hence my request for an alternative.  Its taken 5 minutes out of my day.

But hey, you got to call someone a Millennial.  It's been a good day for you. I'm in the UK, I'll find someone who can reply to emails.  Thats great, thank you so much!
Message sent, cheers mate!! [deleted] Ah. Got it! No problem. I'll respond to your PM with the info, otherwise it might get lost as I am on mobile. He never said he didn't want to email, he said he did two weeks ago and never heard back. But, y'know, don't let that get in the way of your pointless wrath. Oh I understand, you have taken the online persona of an angry troll. How sweet. 

And you called it twatter instead of Twitter, how creative and droll! Ho Ho Ho.  You are a good man, cheers!! Thanks for the backup.  He's just a sad and slightly pathetic man.  I've put him on ignore so he can rant at the void in peace. :D 