It's official! The King Putt Entertainment Center (Stephanie and 215) is now open! go check it out for minigolf, laser tag, arcade games, and food!  I love mini golf and for whatever reason I've never been there.  Ooh, I used to go to King Putt on Eastern all the time. This looks cool; perhaps we can arrange a meetup soon? I'm moving to Vegas in a few weeks. I'd be 100% down to go to a group thing here. Scandia was the best for Mini golf. Horrible time was going in the summer. A lot of memories from there. How I miss the place. Their arcade was AMAZING too man..I'm really depressed now..

EDIT: Typo My son loved this place when it was on Eastern.  Good to hear it is back! I'm 22 how the fuck am I supposed to enjoy this shit? Do not get too excited.  Their first location is terrible.  It's in a strip mall, so the course is completely flat with small rectangular obstacles set up.  It's nice that they wanted the venue to be wheelchair accessible, but they sort of made it awful by doing so.  One wall of every hole is made of garden hose, so a wheelchair can roll in and out.  You can't bounce shots off of garden hose.

There is another mini golf course on the far west side, I think on Ft. Apache.  It's not great, but it's better than King Putts. This is entirely possible! I used to work there and I bet we could get a very good group deal if we get like 10 or so people! We will have to put something together!  Unfortunately this location doesn't come close to scandia, but at least it's in-doors! The arcade here is the only real complaint I have about this place. The mini golf is similar but more contraptions! The laser tag isn't huge but it's fun! I am 20 and vastly enjoy playing laser tag and mini golf occasionally. And both make good light heatedly competitive dates. I am a little biased though because I worked at the old one for a year and a half and am friends with the owner though. I'm 21. How the fuck am I supposed to NOT enjoy this shit? That sounds terrible. Thank you for saving me the disappointment! I'm down Yes! I know very few people in Vegas, so it'll be nice meeting new people! The location in north las vegas has a bigger course and doesn't have the hosing on the edges (tinier woo blocks instead) FYI. 