Man Using Wheelchair Dies After Falling Down DC Metro Station Escalator  The article in yesterday's thread said that the elevator WAS working when he hit the button, and after waiting for 10-15 seconds for the elevator to come, the man went to the escalator and fell backwards after reaching the top. I do feel bad that somebody died in such a terrible accident, especially one with a disability, but I feel like it was more the man's fault than metro's. I've seen this several times… including someone going down the Wheaton escalator.

I slipped and took a nasty fall on an escalator once. It was not fun. I got off with a sprained wrist and a cut on the top of my head, but I can't imagine tumbling down backwards with a wheelchair coming after you..

Edit: Here's a picture of the Wheaton escalator dude [https://i.imgur.com/hSKoHrc.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/hSKoHrc.jpg) Jesus, that's horrible. This really should have been self-evident to the man. How the hell did he think that he would have the traction or balance to make this work? As much as he lacked common sense, someone should have tried to stop him when he attempted this. Though I’m not sure he would have listened to reason.  i was scared at one or two of them just standing there real sense of vertigo much. [Yesterday’s discussion ](https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/9n3pu5/per_tip_by_martindicaro_a_man_in_a_wheelchair_was/?st=JN4KPHGJ&sh=179ead02)  Death by impatience Why was he anywhere near the escalator? Hard to believe, but this really isn't metro's fault. I've seen people do this kind of stunt before and its always nerve wracking.  Kind of makes me wonder how he ended up in the wheelchair. Im sorry, but this is a Darwin award.  Darwin awards I know that the Wheaton escalators are supposed to be the longest in the system. How do the escalators at Capitol Heights compare? Jackie Jeter and the Union state that it's not the job of the station manager to ensure the Elevator works.   Nor is it the job of the Union to properly inspect the Elevator.  Or take care of the passenger.  And if you believe otherwise, claims of racism will be incoming  [deleted] Why was this guy alone?  I had a coworker in a wheelchair and we would often travel around DC to meetings together. It was incredibly sad to see just how unreliable and generally bad the elevators were. Many times we had to either head to another metro station just to get on the metro, or call her a Metro access van (which was a whole other ordeal). Typically, if you press the button and nothing happens within 1-2 minutes, the elevator isn't working and you move to plan B. It's a shitty system for disabled people. I wonder if metro could do more to notify patrons that the elevator is working, like a light or something to show it's coming. Knowing metros past history, this man probably assumed the elevator wasn't working, as usual.  Down the Wheaton escalator?! That bitch is like 4 stories tall! That’s a manual wheelchair, not an electric one like the guy at Columbia Heights — suuuper different. Eh...survival of the fittest in modern day. This seems like the type of thing that he'd probably done several times before without incident. This time, for whatever reason, his luck ran out. It's still tragic, regardless of the circumstances.  > How the hell did he think that he would have the traction or balance to make this work?

At first I was thinking "eh, I've seen some people ride escalators in wheelchairs before, it's probably not the safest but it can't be too hard."

Then I read:

> He was using an electric wheelchair

Holy shit how dumb can you be?  I doubt there is a single electric wheelchair out there with a wheelbase shorter than an escalator stair is long.  The dude must have known he was going to be teetering on the edge of the stair in a 200lb machine and did it anyway. 
 How? From the article: "He gripped the handrails on either side." I've seen people do it before. I've seen a few places on Twitter where somebody claimed the elevator stopped suddenly and that is what made him fall. This really needs to be looked into. I'll bet he's done this before. I've seen people in wheelchairs just grab the rails and ride it. Wheaton's are the longest escalators in the Western Hemisphere, and 7th longest in the world, at 230 feet.

I can't find a length for E04X01, the escalator in this incident, but there are two sets (street to mezz, mezz to platform), so it's likely to be much shorter. the elevator was working fine... You can outsource elevator inspections and maintenance. They have multiple built in fail safes. I’d trust someone competent be in charge of them than a “station manager.” I have wondered how they get away with clear OSHA violations so often. >Metro officials said the elevator the man tried to use before the accident was fully functional and it appeared to be operating normally hours afterward.

? Why wouldn’t he be? The only info we have is that he was in an electric wheelchair. That he used an electric wheelchair tells us nothing about his ability to go out in public on his own.  You know it's 2018 and it's very possible for people with physical impairments to live fairly independent lives, right? Many of these folks are fine by themselves and don't need to be chained down to a "caretaker", thank you very much.

Especially worrying you'd say something like that if you really are a teacher as your username implies (but sadly, not totally surprising). Our elevators function like any other code-complaint elevator in a the US: when the call button is pressed, it illuminates to show the call has been acknowledged. If the elevator is shut down, the light won’t come on. 

Station Managers are instructed to place those black and yellow scissors gates plus bilingual signage indicating the elevator is out of service. The platform and kiosk info signs display info about stations with bad order elevators and regular audio announcements are made throughout the system. Train operators make announcements when approaching a station with a known elevator outage. Additionally we offer an opt-in elevator outage notification system called ELstat which anyone can sign up for at wmata.com. 

What else did you have in mind? i'm in a wheelchair and use Metro every day. The elevators typically run great (could use less urine) and WMATA is pretty good about announcing when ones are out of service. This guy is an IDIOT. There's nothing more to say. No, knowing Metro's history, the elevators always take awhile to come. Almost every time I have tried to take the elevator, it has been broken.

I once had to take the escalator on stilts. I tried to tell the manager how unsafe that was that the elevator never works, and he said "who do you think you are?" and got out of the manager station to approach me. Considering how few things he could be doing so to achieve, I walked, carefully, to the exit. I actually took a picture https://i.imgur.com/hSKoHrc.jpg Actually it's 11½ stories (115 feet) tall, assuming that the inclination is 30° and I'm not horrible at geometry. I can attest that a tumble down an escalator is unpleasant, even without a wheelchair. I'm with you. I'm in a power wheelchair and can honest to god not think of a single scenario where I'd do this. Anyone in a chair knows how this would end. His idiocy straight up angers me What the fuck is wrong with you? The whole point of society is to rise above basic darwinian principles. Survival of the fittest is about species, not individuals  Yeah I saw this a lot when I was in Prague because for whatever reason they don’t give a Fock about disables people in that country yet. But yeah, people holding on with both arms as they went up or down in a wheelchair was not uncommon. Yeah, probably wasn't this guy, but I've definitely seen wheelchair-bound folks use the escalator in the metro stations before...and I've been extremely nervous for them each and every time...but up to now, have never seen an accident. People are speculating that he was mentally ill, so I’m taking that part into consideration. What I was worried about was if he was mentally ill *and* in a wheelchair. I would consider that worthy of needing a caretaker. Disagree on several points. We rely on elevators on Metro (stroller) and there are lots of lights on the elevators that don't illuminate when the call button is pressed.  There are also numerous times when the train operators don't make announcements for elevator outages.  I also subscribe to ELStat, and have the WMATA website on my phone.  Neither told me of an elevator outage at Woodley Park 3 weeks ago.  We got to the station and found a nasty surprise. 

ETA: This isn't even to mention when the elevators are working, but there's a faregate that has stopped working.  This often happens at Judiciary Square where you can go from the street straight to the platform on the elevator.  Then you try to use the faregate and it doesn't work, so you're stuck.  Installing elevators that aren't so slow that people assume they're broken even when working properly would be nice, but while I've run into more than a few metro elevators where the bulb to illuminate the button was burnt out, not much more you can do in this case.

But seriously, I've ridden in Otis Safety Elevator serial number one and it was much faster than the elevators metro uses. WTF, man. It's not new technology, I can't understand how the elevators can be so shitty.  What they are instructed to do seems to fall in line with what customers experiences are of what they actually do. /r/MurderedByWords Fix the metro tracks and make public transportation reliable again. We all know "schedule adjustments" is just another wording for "the metro is late." 

Shit just last week we found out that metro improperly trained its own staff in order to falsify track examinations. The most recent fraud discovered was on the silver line which was just opened in 2014.... The guy that metro tried to scapegoat now has to rehire the guy after public shaming him. Lastly, it's only a matter of time before another person dies on the metro.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/trafficandcommuting/metro-must-rehire-worker-fired-for-approving-falsified-inspection-reports-arbitration-panel-says/2018/10/09/429e69ce-cbf9-11e8-a360-85875bac0b1f_story.html?noredirect=on&utm_term=.dd30e93932e4 You must be lucky at the stations you generally use. I can tell you first-hand that that is not always the case - in fact, it is commonly not the case. Hey more power to ya if you're fine with subpar performance when compared to every other metro system in the US and overseas. Just cuz things might be "good" for you, doesn't mean it can't and shouldn't get better. Hey more power to ya if you're fine with subpar performance when compared to every other metro system in the US and overseas. Just cuz things might be "good" for you, doesn't mean it can't and shouldn't get better. Do you really mean stilts? If so, why not just take them off, how tall were they, were they for a medical purpose? I’ve only seen stilts used for fun or drywall. They're standard escalators, which means they have a 45 degree incline. It was motorized so probably weighed over 200 pounds. That’ll fuck you up if it flips on you. Disappointing and actually a bit surprising you’re encountering elevator buttons that don’t illuminate. 

This is actually an ADA requirement so there are redundant measures in place to verify they’re operating (routine internal elevator mechanical inspections, supervisor QC inspection checks, city/state external safety inspections, station manager inspections, and ADA department QA checks).  

The ADA (wide) fare gate problem is well known. They’re just too old and worn to run reliably. Hopefully the recently reignited initiative to overhaul the fare collection system comes to fruition this time around.  l o w e s t  b i d d e r Shit's expensive yo. You want to use our perpetual fare increase for a slightly faster elevator rather than actually fixing the broken-ass tracks and trains that occasionally catch fire? While shitty, I don't see how that has anything to do with notification of elevator malfunction. How is this related to someone diving down an escalator? > subpar performance when compared to every other metro system in the US 

DC Metro is considered one of, if not the best metro system for handicap accessibility in the US, at least according the wapo article on this incident.  Been to NYC lately? It ain't so good as it used to be and there are far and few multi-line subways in this great nation. So while I agree WMATA sucks and could do much better, they are top performers on a loosing team. every other system in the US? New York's Subway is impossible to navigate due to the fact that only about 1/5 of the stops even HAVE elevators. Most of Boston's do (unfortunately not the 3 near the hotel I stayed), but there are also trolleys in the system where you have to make the conductor get out and put a lift down for you. I can't vouch for any others, but Metro has both of those beat.


Elevators break everywhere. That isn't unique to WMATA. BUT, WMATA has a place on their website listing outages, you can sign up for text alerts, AND if you are at a platform for more than 3-4 minutes, the board will scroll through the elevator outages (there are RARELY more than 2 or 3) and they make an audio announcement. If you wanna shit on Metro, there are a million valid reasons, but elevators in stations aren't one of them. You are full of shit. They didn't say it couldn't be better, but it was functional and worked. The guy who died was impatient. Yes, stilts. It was after an event. They were well secured to my legs and I didn't bring shoes. I Googled it beforehand and according to the sites I found, the max slope of an escalator is either 30 or 35 degrees, with escalators taller than about 20 feet being 30 degrees. I dunno the actual legal standard for the US/MD/DC tho, so I could be wrong. I'm a manual wheelchair user and my experience mirrors /u/sweetundsalty. Columbia Heights is one of the most common offenders (at the street level in particular) with the light, but it's definitely not the other one.

Also, on at least four separate occasions in the last ~month alone at three different stations (Columbia Heights, Gallery Place, and Farragut North), I've gone down the elevator, only to discover that the mezzanine level elevator isn't working, which creates a different fiasco. > This is actually an ADA requirement so there are redundant measures in place to verify they’re operating (routine internal elevator mechanical inspections, supervisor QC inspection checks, city/state external safety inspections, station manager inspections, and ADA department QA checks).

Hey, you know how the track inspectors were routinely falsifying reports?  Thanks for all your thoughtful responses. I wanted to flag the elevator call light not working regularly as well. I take the elevator because the elevator entrance to my metro saves me lots of time and thankfully am able bodied so it's only a little annoyance when it's not working. But there's often no light whether it's working or not. > elevator mechanical inspections, supervisor QC inspection checks

YMBNH.  50/50 whether the elevator light works. Related in a sense the entire metro system is unsafe. Metro needs to allocate more money towards infrastructure and less on marketing to ensure rider safety.  From the article: "He was using an electric wheelchair in the Northwest D.C. station about 1:30 p.m. According to security camera footage, he initially tried to head up using the elevator, Stessel said. **The man waited for the elevator for 10 to 15 seconds and then headed toward the escalator.** He gripped the handrails on either side." What I'm getting at is that Metros unsafety is a systemic issue. Yeah this guy is mostly at blame for going down the escalator but metro should ensure that no liable AND accidental deaths occur on their property. Even a sign saying "no wheelchairs on escalators" could save lives like this person. I think you may be the asshole here.  >They were well secured to my legs and I didn't bring shoes.

This is no one's fault but your own. First, I'm sorry for these lousy experiences. WMATA styles itself as a leader in accessibility among US systems, but we could be doing so much more.

This is really helpful feedback, especially the problem you describe in the second paragraph. There's more than one ladder I can run this up, so if I encounter resistance there's options. There's a pretty good chance I can champion a solution for this.

 Yessss. I hate the mezzanine vs street elevator issue.  Farragut north has been out for ages.  It’s like they assume that because we need the elevators, we have infinite time and don’t ever need to get anywhere on time or can walk/wheel ourselves two or three stations away from our destinations.  Oh that reminded me! These conversations had this on my mind during my commute this morning. It hit me that the Columbia Heights indicator works so rarely that I have an entirely unacknowledged habit of listening closely, instead of looking for the light when I push the button. If a little fan whir starts a few seconds later from that wall vent, it's coming, then glance at the button. If the noise doesn't begin, I need to figure something else out.

At the top I do the same, except I stand on the side of the glass and you can see tiny movements before it really starts moving as the 'indicator light'. Dude drove a mechanical wheelchair down an escalator while there was a working elevator he didn’t feel like waiting for. You can blame metro for a lot. Can’t blame metro for this. Can’t fight stupid. Oh no! It didn't come within 10-15 seconds. Heaven forbid I am normally 100% for shitting on WMATA, but this wasn't WMATA's fault. People also need to use common sense. Concerned the elevator isn't working? Maybe ask someone before trying to shimmy your 200 pound electric wheelchair up a steep escalator. Probably need one saying *No Hungry Tigers* then too. Let's kick it up a notch and place signs all around the world that says, "Please THINK before you do that stupid thing you're about to do." It could save lives. wheelschairs, strollers, large wheeled items, etc all go up and down escalators.   People don't read signs.  >no liable AND accidental deaths occur on their property

This  is literally impossible and is an expectation no other public location has to maintain. The visual of a station manager arguing with a random dude on stilts is pretty hilarious to me. For?

The elevator didn't work.

They're legally required to work.

They never work.

I complained and the manager immediately wanted a confrontation, which I left. The stilts weren't the issue. The mismanaged metro not meeting legal requirements was. It's not my job to change my activity based on metro's lack of service. Encouraging to see WMATA staff engaging in these threads to resolve stuff while providing systemic information about why problems persist and what is done to ensure compliance. Good on you, helpful person. When I had to use the elevators for a while I found the same thing. It made it almost impossible to use the system as a whole. And there is no shittier feeling than being trapped underground in a station because the elevator doesn't work and nobody told you that. It's very possible that this person encounter the same thing before and thought the elevator was broken. I'm extremely sad about the state of the elevators and think that should be a priority to be fixed. Some people have no other way to get around. Exactly what /u/djtopicality says. You're a hero for even trying. I've sent messages in the past when I've encountered these issues and it's always hit walls, so... I stopped. I still fill out amplify surveys! I try. Thank you for taking the time to talk through these things. I was trying to get to Union Station a months ago to catch an Amtrak train and just broke down after encountering three stations in a row with elevator problems, only one of which was showing up on the alerts.

Despite all the issues I clearly still use metro (and have a super soft spot for trains in my heart) but these things do weigh on you. That being said, it /is/ more accessible than Chicago (which is trying) and New York (who just doesn't give a fuck) and that's part of why we live in DC. I do want to recognize that. And while the busses have their issues, the accessibility of the whole bus system (for someone with my mobility needs) has almost always been wonderful (when I have my chair -- as a 30-something with a cane and/or braces, that experience was been very different and I'd love to see the accessibility culture of metro/bus change in that area.) I have this rock that keeps them away... Why didn't you bring shoes? Why were you trying to get into an elevator on stilts? Also sometimes things that are supposed to work break down.  Yeah, there are legal requirements from the Americans With Disabilities Act. Being in costume doesn’t come with legal protections. It’s legal to walk my dog, doesn’t mean I’m entitled to bring my dog on the metro. What legal requirement?  If the elevator was out of service, then you should have gotten on the train to next station and requested the shuttle service, much like all other riders who require use of the elevator when it is out of service.  There is no legal requirement that the elevator be in service 100% of the time with no downtime for repairs.  No public location is held to that standard. Yes, this was my first thought, too. I hate getting trapped down there and I'm luckier than a lot of people.

I'm lucky that I'm moderately mobile for short distances and have an ultralight wheelchair (purchased exactly because I'm a regular metro user.) During the Dupont elevator downtime, for instance, as long as I wasn't having tremors that day, if the busses were taking too long, I could stand on the escalator, hold onto the rail with one hand and my chair with the other. I hate doing that, though, not because I'm afraid for myself, but what if my hand slips and my chair goes down and wacks someone? I don't want to be responsible for Dupont Dominos. But sometimes after a lengthy downtime you just have to wait for an opening and weigh that day's risk against the amount of time alternate transportation would require. (Busses never see wheelchair users at that 42 Q stop and just barrel past. And I've generally found the 42 drivers to be pretty conscientious and aware.)

So while it looked like the dude acted way too rash, I think about the number of times I've broken down trying not to publicly cry while I figure out what's the safest next move and... it's shitty all around. How much do you want for it? Because I was wearing stilts. It was a costume. I tend not to carry an extra change of clothes.

Because that's what elevators are for, people who would be put in danger using escalators or stairs.

Sometimes, yes. Metro constantly has broken escalators, elevators, entire trains. I'm not expecting legal protection. I'm expecting them to meet legal requirements.

There's nothing less than legal about having stilts on metro. You're making a poor comparison because you need to in order to have an argument. The requirement that public services be accessible. The elevators are constantly out. Are you simply here to argue? Metro is a garbage fire and there's no disputing that. Take off the damn stilts.....problem solved. My point is that people aren’t legally required to accommodate stilts the same way they’re legally required to accommodate the wheelchair. Yeah, you can take advantage of those accommodations like elevators and shuttles, but they’re not *for* you, and you can’t really blame the station manager for not taking you seriously when it was something entirely under your control.

To put it another way: it’s not illegal for you to wear stilts into the Metro. But it’s also not illegal for Metro to refuse to accommodate you when you do so. They maintained that accessibility while they made repairs by providing accommodation for those that need it.  You didn't, you just planned poorly.  

Metro has 91 stations that all have multiple elevators, some still in service from when then system opened in the 70s.  They will break from time to time, but they generally are only limited to a few being out of service across the system at a given time.  You can go through and see which ones have been out and when.  

Your exaggeration and acting indignant over sometime entirely within your control and that you then got mad about because Metro didn't bend over backwards to accommodate your poor planning.  That is my issue with your complaints here.  Metro fucks up on a lot of fronts and there are so many to complain about, but they do a relatively good job of keeping the vast majority of the elevators working.  I could only wish the escalator crews were as competent as the elevators ones to be honest. Again. Well-secured. No shoes.

I shouldn't have to change my legal behavior to cater to metro's illegal behavior. I didn't say they were. I'm not sure where you get that.

They didn't refuse me anything because of stilts. They didn't meet a minimal need that they frequently don't meet because they are a terrible system that needs an incredible amount of overhaul on every level of service and infrastructure. One that would have been useful, and safe, for me because I was on stilts.

Does that make more sense for you? I get mad because metro is a uniquely terrible service. But...I mean...Why wouldn't you have a change of clothes? What if you needed to catch a taxi or something? Would you expect the taxi driver to let you in their car wearing stilts? Who takes a change of clothes to a Halloween party?

Yeah. I took a cab to get there. Wasn't a big deal. You've apparently never gotten it in after a party and didn't want to look like idiot in the morning. ...Why am I not changing between getting in and morning?

Why am I still getting comments about this? ...Fucking dude. I'm talking about fucking...

Annnnnd there's the answer to that question. 