Dueling Is Alive And Well In D.C.  Makes Burr/Hamilton look like a mere squabble.  That Giant is my local supermarket and I can confirm that the entrance is a complete clusterfuck. People don't seem to understand the concept of keeping to one side when leaving to let other people in and vice versa. Instead it is just a massive game of chicken in the middle of the door, often involving shopping carts, strollers and ofcourse electric wheelchairs. This poor guys mistake was going there just for paper towels. Frankly anything that can be bought at the CVS, Target or other store in that area should be in order to avoid the madness of going in to the Giant. The food is all fine but the inability of people to navigate the store without literally running in to you is ridiculous. I'm glad I'm not the only one who gets drunk and posts crazy shit...be it Facebook, reddit or craigslist.

EDIT: also, I just emailed him and offered to organize a reddit meetup there when he's working. Someone who writes like that deserves a happy hour full of good tips. I lost it at "Consider your couch fucked." I miss Chappelle's Show so much. Can someone copy/paste the text?  No CL at work... yes. i am real. this happened to me. i work at DISTRICT in adams morgan. come visit me, and thank you for your support against electric wheelchair bullying (the number one cause of broken feet in our nation). Is this a good example of passive-aggressive behavior? I need to know :)  [Mirror](http://i.imgur.com/S1818.jpg) in case it goes down I don't know why it couldn't be a wheelchair cage match. Perhaps wheelchair Thunderdome.  This is pure gold. I am spreading it to the masses, and flagging it for "Best of Craigslist". It was pretty good until I saw the sketch.  That's when I lost my shit. I love how he Rick James'd his couch. "Judging by the shape of your legs (literally and figuratively), we cannot engage in a cage fight..."

Ah, but you could engage in some Greco Roman Wrestling. I love living in Columbia Heights. En garde! I want to see this happen. Brilliant. That Giant is why I drive to VA to buy groceries. I vote yes to a reddit meetup. Why the hell was this downvoted?  I think this is a smashing idea!  Positively...Capitol.... Hello sir,

My name is Ben and at about 8pm tonight (1/17/12) you ran directly into me with your electric wheelchair in front of the Giant in Columbia Heights, DC.

Allow me to illustrate what exactly happened that was so be-fuddling and anger inducing that it would inspire me to create a "missed connection" post on Craigslist. 

After a long day at work, I entered the aforementioned Giant in our wonderful nation's capital. All I needed were paper towels. I purchased said paper towels and was on my merry way home only to be caught in a pedestrian traffic jam of sorts at the entrance of the grocery store. After avoiding disaster and taking a sigh of relief, my eyes were suddenly affixed upon an middle-aged gentleman about four to five feet away from me in an electric wheelchair hellbent on taking me out. That gentleman was you, sir. Not only did you run directly into me, but I consequently fell directly onto you, and then off your wheelchair, and then onto the ground. 

Now, what for lack of better words "pisses me the f*ck off" is the fact that you threw up your hands like you were just attacked by a pack of rabid penguins. What "pisses me the f*ck off" even more is the fact that all the on-lookers immediately ran to your side to see if you were "okay." Don't mind me. It's all gravy. Getting hit by people in electric wheelchairs is apparently a normally occurring thing in everyday life. Moreover, I get that you are handicapped for whatever reason and need an electric wheelchair to do whatever it is you do, but in my years of living I've gathered that by now electric wheelchairs have the ability to stop as well as go. 

One more thing. I have a broken toe on my right foot. You managed to not only run over that, but my left foot as well, which now feels like it was just hit by an inconsiderate handicapped guy in an electric wheelchair in front of a Giant in Washington, DC (see what I did there?). Anyway, I am currently working as a day manager and head bartender at a bar/nightclub. This job requires me to constantly be quick on my feet and run up and down stairs daily to make sure things run smoothly. Now pardon my language sir, but how the f*ck am I going to explain to my bosses and fellow employees that I cannot perform up to expectations because I got "hit by a guy in an electric wheelchair." These kinds of things not only sound made-up, but make me look like a straight up punk b*tch, and I sir, am not a punk b*tch.

I WILL NOT ACCEPT YOUR GUFF AND DOUCHE-BAGGERY, AND CHALLENGE YOU TO A DUEL. 

Judging by the shape of your legs (literally and figuratively), we cannot engage in a cage fight, and sadly duels to the death are no longer considered "legal." The only fair compromise is that I buy an electric wheelchair myself and we joust. If you accept these terms, I demand we meet in front of the same Giant at the date of your choosing, preferably at sunrise so I can still make it to work after I f*ck your shit up.

I do not care if I miss rent next month, or my cell phone gets cut off. I will use all the money I make to make this happen in order to make things right in this already sad world. The gauntlet has been thrown. 

Consider your couch f*cked,
Ben

P.S. - I hate you.  this ^ No, this is active-aggressive. Agreed! 
The horns and "Fuck you kid" were great. [deleted] I second this motion. I too, work at a bar and appreciate people coming out to support us poor nightclub workers. What bar is it? One downvote != "being downvoted".  More than likely it was an automated anti-spam vote. yeah, challenging someone to physical combat is the exact opposite of passive Your username is oddly appropriate. It's good, and I'll take the bus or bike there is the weather is warm, but the theory is if we're already in the car, we may as well just drive to the Trader Joe's in Alexandria.  My wife and I live a couple of blocks from Piney Branch Parkway in 16th Street Heights, so the drive time is almost identical. District/Underground of Adams Morgan! I thought that only kicked in after a certain number of upvotes were obtained?  I don't know.  As far as I know, the internet is made out of chocolate and runs on magical pixie dust. Especially when done over Craigslist. [deleted] Really? Were you working last night at FaceOff? I don't feel fancy enough to go to the District, I just want to throw on some jeans and not be judged for not showing off my hooha in public. Le sigh. I'll meet you a Millie and Als for dollar jello shots. well, challenging someone to a physical confrontation over the internet has a long, wonderful tradition behind it. it's more chickenshit than passive though. though the CL posting is very likely tongue in cheek. Distance-wise yes, but time-wise it's the same.  Plus, the one in Alexandria is larger, has a better selection, and is slightly less crowded. Not working but was there last night with the writer of the craglist post. 