Vacation rental for large family Hello! I tried searching around the sub but couldn't find anything super relevant. I'm planning a 4 day trip to dc in June. My father is slowly going blind & really wants to see the Smithsonians. He has been sick for over a year but they can't diagnose him. He has mobility issues- mostly balance & depth prescription with weakness/gait issues.

I was thinking it would be better to rent a house as there will be 8-12 depending on my sister's family. I've been looking on vrbo but I'm wondering what area/neighborhood is best for us to stay in, or at least which to avoid. Is it feasible to try & use a car to get to the mall/museums/monuments? I don't know if he can handle the transit. We live in a spread out area where public transportation is not so prominent. We have no idea what we're doing & I don't want him to get sick & have us be stranded or something.  

Any suggestions? I have no idea what I'm getting myself into. Thanks so much in advance!

Edit: would it be better/ closer/ easier to stay in a hotel? We usually get one of those condo units that are like little apartments when we go to the beach. Do they have those in dc? We prefer the extra space, privacy, laundry, and kitchen that these offer. What is your budget? I know of some places in Chevy Chase, MD and Bethesda, MD (very nice places - some of the best in USA) and I have seen whole mansions for about $2,000 a day and higher.... These are both Metro accessible areas for the most part too. You could also Uber or use Lyft. For VRBO generally stick to neighborhoods in the NW quadrant of the city. I'd recommend doing the following:

1. Look at houses big enough to fit y'all. Pick a few, look in Arlington VA as well. 
2. Post the VRBO links either on here or on the Washington DC Forum at Tripadvisor (they give good advice as well). 
3. Residence Inn has a few properties around town and they do suites. 
4. The metro has elevators (though they can sometimes be out) and most buses have low floors so you don't have to deal with steps. But you may want to use uber/cabs a lot. If there really are 12 of you I'd recommend breaking off into groups most days to just make logistics easy. 
5. It may be worth it to bring a wheelchair or walker for your dad even if he doesn't use one normally. You can rent in town (I'd have to google it) but you can also bring your own.  You don't give a budget, but June is peak tourist season FWIW.

I think the easiest thing for you would be to get a hotel downtown. If you put 4 people in each room that's only 2-3 rooms which isn't too bad. Any hotel close to the White House would be a good bet. It's close enough for anyone to walk to the attractions if they're up for it, or a cab/Uber ride won't be too expensive if they're not. 

I think finding a house that can accommodate 8-12 people in a prime location is going to be a tall order.  Since you already have so many good suggestions, I'll just bid you a fun trip! Enjoy D.C with the family! I would take uber if he can't handle transit, it is really cost effective these days. Look for an entire house on air bnb. I would think capitol hill would be a good neighborhood to stay in. There is also a service I saw on shark tank and a commercial for called Home Away where they only rent the entire house.  There are services in DC where you can rent a wheelchair or a powered wheelchair too.   If your dad can get into/out of a car then renting a wheelchair is the best option.  The Smithsonian's are fairly large in footage but there are a ton of them in DC.  So talk to your dad to see which museums and exhibits he really wants to see and plan from there.    To reiterate, D.C. Can be soul-crushing expensive, particularly if you're from a more rural area. Housing of the size you want is limited in this city to begin with, so you really need to get going on that. For a group that size, the suburbs are your best bet. 

As for a car, do not drive your own vehicle around D.C.  We have the worst traffic pattern in the nation. You will get yourself and others killed, not to mention spending half your time looking for parking. D.C. Is a walking-dominated city, so people with mobility issues require a lot of extra planning, particularly when it comes to transit.  This is fantastic information! Thank you so much! It might be easier than most think to find a large house to rent, a quick search on Airbnb, houses with room for 10-15 guests are around $500/night.  Thank you this is super helpful. I have not even considered Uber. And Capitol Hill was the neighborhood I was looking at. Yeah VRBO and HomeAway are connected I think. I almost always use this service for vacations. I didn't realize we could rent a power scooter though so that's a really good suggestion. My mom was considering buying one but my dad is a very proud man and I was afraid that he wouldn't want to use it, so I was trying to talk my mom out of it. This will be a good opportunity for him to use it and see if he likes it without the cost commitment. So thank you again. I don't doubt it. I've also seen studios on Airbnb claiming they can sleep 5 or 6 people, so I've always been a little suspicious of the actual numbers.  So, Capitol Hill is great but people sometimes really, really, stretch what they mean when they say Capitol Hill.  Capitol Hill is a great neighborhood for this sort of thing. It's going to be a lot easier to park if you happen to bring/rent your own car, that sort of thing. I would recommend staying south of G Street NE and west of 7th St to make use of Union Station metro, unless you can get south of Capitol Ave, in which case you can go as far east as 11th and just use the Eastern Market metro for transit.
I own an AirBNB and live in that area, so I can vouch for its proximity and general niceness for guests. I've seen Air BnBs in Capitol Heights list themselves as on Capitol Hill...would love to see the face of the tourists when they arrive to the spot. 