Mixed emotions at the Women's March As a young injured person confined to a wheelchair for the day, I went to the Women’s March in DC filled with hope and left with mixed emotions. Many people saw how hard it was for me to navigate the crowds and offered an arm while I tackled many of the barricades, random decorative stairs, and curbs around the national mall. To these folks (all older women or men), I offer my sincere thanks for their kind consideration.

However, I sat there as many more people saw the space around me as an opportunity to push ahead or in front, often forcing me to stop marching to allow their friends to pass in front. In an area of heavy congestion, over 15 separate doe-eyed young white women thought it would be a smart idea to push around my injured leg in order to hop the fence next to me. One of them even managed to kick me hard in the cast, reply to my scream of pain with “Oh…” and disappear into the crowd without apology. In a crowd marching to represent the oppressed and disadvantaged, unapologetic privilege was still present. I don’t seek pity. I want those who read this to understand that it is easy to be ignorant to the things that don’t directly affect you, and that it takes effort, attention, and a willingness to empathize with others to create an inclusive environment where everyone is treated with fairness.

Lift your fist and scream for justice for the downtrodden, but take a moment to look down and make sure you aren’t stepping on my injured leg.
 I'm sorry you had a negative experience. I can see how it would be difficult navigating those crowds in a wheelchair. My mother decided not to come for that reason. However,  anecdotally,  I saw at least 6 or 7 other folks in wheelchairs or motorized scooters that were given wide berths as soon as the crowds became aware someone with a chair was trying to get through. People were packed shoulder to shoulder, but as a "doe eyed young white woman" I  tried to be respectful and accommodating and I witnesses many of my fellow basic bitches do the same.  Most likely people didn't see you. It was very crowded, everyone got bumped into.  It sucks, but in any group of people there will always be some amount who aren't paying attention or let their selfishness get the best of them.

Instead of focusing on those people, I would put them in context - you were around literally *hundreds of thousands of people.* The vast vast majority of these people were polite, careful, gentle, and happy. That was pretty amazing.

I had a very brief taste of something similar (though not as personal) when I tried to leave late in the day but my bike was locked up on 14th street in the middle of the crowd. It took me 20min to go 1.5 blocks to get out of the crowd, and during that time many, many people squeezed around me and pushed me while I negotiated with people to get through without anyone tripping on my bike or hitting the pedals/etc...  but for every person that did this, many more people were respectful and made room, helped me navigate the crowd, and were generally very positive (one group of ladies even yelled "follow us, we'll get you free!" and proceeded to form a wedge around me).

Anyway, if you focus on the few thoughtless people around you, you'll never be happy. Focus on all the others and see the overwhelming positivity. And be aware there will always be someone in every crowd who will bump a cast and not apologize. :( The way you use doe eyed with race and an accusation of malfeasance with these young women is why you are finding people at odds with you. 

The fact that you are comparing and contrasting two distinct groups means what you point out as a specific for one group becomes a difference and emphasis. People assume race is important to you, because you made it important in the way you wrote your complaint. Personally I think you meant it the way it reads, but you are trying to back track. Otherwise I cannot explain why the young women being white is a pertinent descriptor, but the elderly being white is completely irrelevant.

You are using a word, Doe-eyed, with connotations that are negative and a bit appalling when used in connection with the woman's march. It can be used in two ways. I don't think you are saying all of these women have extremely nice sweet eyes, with nothing but kindness and compassion in them. If so, this usage has been on the decline. Instead it's assumed you are meaning to use is as a derogatory term to mean naive, childlike dupes. It's almost universally used on women and children. 

You cannot take a word with two different definitions and combine them or split the difference as you are attempting. If a word has two definitions and they don't seem to jive, then the word has two distinct definitions depending on how you use it. Both can be right. Using the word without understanding the connotations will cause issues. 

From reading your comments

>the look that people have when they look at me, look at their predicament, and make the calculated decision to go ahead and risk my safety for the sake of their convenience.

I will assume you are looking for the added feel of them trying to not look like total jerks. Sheepish is the word you are looking for.

What you write paints a picture of who you are. You painted yourself as either a troll or sexist/racist. Given that, there is a chance you just made a few very bad choices with your words. >over 15 separate doe-eyed young white women

I'm confused - how is their race relevant?  Thanks for this post. It's a good reminder about the importance of intersectionality. I'm sorry you had that experience.  You sound like a pretty petulant, stuck-up person with your disparaging descriptions of the people who offended you, so I have no sympathy for you.  [removed] There is nothing wrong with being a young white woman. When I say doe-eyed, I mean the look that people have when they look at me, look at their predicament, and make the calculated decision to go ahead and risk my safety for the sake of their convenience. It is the kind of look someone gives you when they know they are doing something wrong but hope you are not looking. If you are the kind of person who tries to be respectful and accommodating, then thank you for contributing to the community. However, I think it is important to point out that not everyone is like that, and that not seeing the bad side of the community firsthand doesn't mean it didn't happen. I didn't mind the bumping and the accidental nudges. What did bother me were the people who looked at a wheelchair and thought it would be ok to risk it and try jumping over or around me to get where they were trying to go. As crowded as it was, there was enough room to try to push through a more appropriate spot. I understand where you are coming from though; I too would like to think people were more ignorant than deliberate, but it simply was not the case. I don't mind having people being at odds with what I have written. It give me the opportunity to clarify my true intent and learn about how people perceive what I have no say. To me that is dialogue, and dialogue is healthy.

You are giving me way too much credit for googling both the formal and colloquial definition of a term as well as its historical popularity before using it. I made up the term in the context because it sounded right as I wrote it, and apparently I chose the wrong animal. DC is deer country, and I while I have looked many deer in the eyes, I have no idea what a sheep's eyes look like. I'll try to use "sheepish" going forward if appropriate. However it won't really change my perception of a giant nuisance animal that shits piles of pellets while looking you straight in the eye.

I would like to think there is a higher standard to be met before assuming someone is a troll/sexist/racist. A combo of calling people undoubtedly and historically derogatory words, making direct attacks with clear intent to offend a group of people, and being relatively new to Reddit will probably do the trick. As a reader of the recount of someone who has been personally offended by others and who want to build awareness, I would think that you would give a little leeway for a less-than kind depiction of the offenders. I don't think it's required, but it makes some sense given the context, don't you think?

Instead you have chosen to pick on a couple of my word choices rather than reply to what happened. Have I been so overwhelmingly offensive in my description of my offenders that it allows you to ignore and not even comment on the events? If so, then I think both you and I have room for improvement.

I still look forward to your reply. I'm not trying to make a point about race, but it does happen to be a part of the data. I will also add that 100% of the older women and men who offered help and support were white as well. I'm just wondering what part was offensive to you? Young? They were young, so am I. White? That is a fact, and it is also a fact that all of the people who offered me help were white as well. Doe-eyed? There were plenty of people who saw me and saw the fence they wanted to hop and thought, maybe not here, maybe not now. Then there were those who looked at the space around me and above my seated body as opportunity. I don't seek tears, but I do seek better understanding. Thanks for reading. [deleted] That's not what doe-eyed means.  Like u/lauxman said, not what doe-eyed means. not sure what the correct word would be, but doe-eyed basically means dark brown eyes. Miss using words and being called out on it may be a discussion, but it is not a constructive one. I takes away from the constructive conversation that could be held.

The fact that you believe you have the right to change a language to suit your needs makes me understand your perceptions better. The world should mold to you.

In a massive crowd, you feel that 15 people crowding you, gives you any leeway to call them out for being young white women with vapid naive expressions.

No, you do not have the leeway to use words in a derogatory way. What you said came out as, that you were upset that these stupid, naive, young, white did not show you make space for you in a crowded place. 

As far as the events go. You have a temporary disability and are currently confined to a wheel chair. This makes you low to the ground. This will make it harder for people to see you. The fact that you had space around your for others to impede on means most people were trying to give you room. Did I see wheel chairs at the march, yes. Did I give them space, yes. Did I insert myself into their lives or day by assuming they where helpless, not at all. Unless someone appears in distress, I do not believe its appropriate to assume they need or want my help. The few people I've known with motility issues are fairly steadfast in keeping as much independence as they can. None of them have a temporary hardship, so your expectations and ability to navigate may be different.

Your leg is also sticking out straight in front of you, is an uncommon thing to see in most wheel chairs. It could be that those that bumped your leg, honestly did not expect your leg to be sticking out. They might have thought they even where giving you room. If you weren't trying to make a point about race, then why mention it? How is it pertinent? Damn white kids, get off my lawn.  ...OPs post is stupid and pointless...some people were mean to me through being inconsiderate while packed like sardines and somehow it's dramatic because it was at the march...Jesus. Molehill. For me, doe-eyed means young and innocent and naive, maybe intimidated by their current circumstances being over your head.  If you average out the following top search results, I'm not too far off:

[Urban Dictionary](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=doe-eyed) : innocent or naive

[Merriam-Webster](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/doe%E2%80%93eyed): having large innocent-looking eyes

One might be less credible than the other, sure Thanks for the insight. Is there a better term to characterize the look I've described? I wrote it implying an innocent deer-in-the-headlights look. You're taking quite a strong stance and making excuses for people you have never met. I don't think this will click with you either but I will say it because it is important to clarify logic: unless someone have lost all lower body appendages, their legs will always be in front of them. Wheelchairs tend to face forward. Not uncommon.

For all the chair-bound friends you have, I invite you to share this thread with them, but please do not speak on their behalf.

I would also be interested in their reaction to this:
Did you just tell me that I was not disabled enough to have a voice? Am I not used to being disabled enough to be hardened to how rude people can be? Perhaps then I would be a little more quiet. I would like to watch you also tell a black man he is not black enough to complain about racism. Good luck with that.

All in all, I think this has been a good exercise to show that unless you white-wash and sanitize your message, some people will continue to ignore calls for attention and awareness and make excuses for those who cause harm. 

Maybe the bully was trying to make a joke. Maybe the boy picked the boy instead of the girl because they happened to be friends. Maybe the white boy stared at the brown boy because he has never seen a brown boy before. Maybe that white girl did not think it was a big deal to look at the person in the wheelchair, put her hand in front to stop the disabled person from moving forward, jump over the disabled person's legs, kick the disabled person's cast, and run away without an apology. If you want to own and stand up for her actions, she is all yours. I don't think you need to hide race if you aren't trying to make a point against it. Would you have been more comfortable if I had said people instead of saying young, white, or with a look of innocence why trying to do something questionable? I think it adds information to those who want to know more. Both definitions are correct. When a word has multiple definitions, you *can not* average them out. They are both valid, but distinct definitions of a word based on how you use the word. No clue tbh :/ In a response like this, I have much more respect for you in a post like this then your initial one. The initial jab at my intelligence is a bit uncalled for, but I understand as I have made you uncomfortable. 

From your initial description, I had assumed your cast was straight out in front of the wheel chair, elevated. People "pushing around the leg", had me envision this set up. It sounds like this is not the case. 

You are right, the way I tried to make my point, it sounded like I was saying you aren't disabled enough. I had not intended that. I had intended I compared your situation to others. Highlighting that not everyone who is disabled welcomes others assuming they are helpless and need assistance. The people I know are not quiet. You are also right, I should not have assumed this difference stemmed from the permanency.

As for you ending diatribe, jokes at people expense are bulling. Humor is not a justification. Using a boy picking his friend as the exception says much about the state of things. That it is assumed to not be the common case is unfortunate and exemplifies the issue. The boy staring, should know better, staring is not appropriate. As for your personal example, I find with each telling, you include many details you assume I must already know. This is the first I have heard of her putting her hand in front of you to stop you and then jumping over you. I am ashamed no one stopper her or this behavior. It is reprehensible, and significantly different from 
>push around my injured leg in order to hop the fence next to me.

It is still not related to her race, having pretty eyes or looking vapid. I am not standing up for one woman or even the 15 for their behavior. I stand by that the actions do not give you the right to degrade them based on physical characteristics.  Thanks for your commentary and clarification.

Regarding your last statement, I mentioned that the women were white and looked clueless. I not sure where you get a sense of degradation. There were no sweeping statements about how all white-people-this or how vapid-people-that. My request is that people be more aware of those around them, who may be in circumstances that may differ from their own. It is important that if you stand up for equality, you don't dilute your message or credibility by acting selfishly.

Is there any offense to be taken by being called out for being white? The statement of ignorance/naivete was based on their actions, and I think it is fair to characterize their actions as such. 

Regarding how much you did or did not know, I do not blame you for not being there or not knowing everything. What I do question is why it was assumed that I was not giving them an appropriate level of "benefit of doubt". You're not the only one to tell me that maybe they didn't see me, but I would like to know why one would assume that I'm wrong to begin with. Perhaps it's everyone's first instinct to have more faith in humanity? I think people asking you to assume Hanlon's razor "Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity." 

We still blame them and find fault in their actions. Lack of malice and forethought on their part does not absolve them of guilt or put blame on you. It's less faith in humanity. 

As far as race being an offence, I shall just assume its all Hanlon's razor, and you really just are that doe-eyed. ^don't ^worry ^your ^head ^about ^it, ^I've ^seen ^deer ^eyes ^too. Stating a race does not equate to offence. Calling a black person black would more likely generate a reply of "yea, so what" rather than "wow, you have insulted me". I'm not going to make any assumptions about what race you are a part of, but rest assured I have a decent amount of experience with the racism spectrum from facepalm-worthy commentary to threats of physical violence for being a minority. Calling a purple person purple does not fall on the spectrum.

Honestly it would be nice to feel doe-eyed on the matter but not all of us were born into privilege. 