Police unable to enforce parking and sidewalk violations due to homestead act. I just called the police due to there being cars on Seaview Ave NW that have not been moved in months. The parking restrictions on this road are no parking from 2AM to 5AM. There are about 5 campers and 10 cars on this stretch of road that have not been moved an inch in 2 months time.

I called the Police to have them investigate and have them move the cars/campers to enforce the parking laws. I was told that due to the homestead act, the police cannot enforce proper parking enforcement when someone claims "homestead" in a camper/car on the side of the road. The same applies to tents on sidewalks.

If you and I as average citizens were to do the same, we would be getting parking tickets.

To follow-up on my thread the other day with the blue van that almost killed me. I had the police find him in the same spot two days later. I called the police again and we ID'd him. He gave a counter story and the police sent it to the prosecutor. They told me that there is little hope it will go any further because the prosecutor in Seattle knows this person who attacked me and he has a record already. The prosecutor believes this attacker to be the victim instead because of his "issues".

[https://www.reddit.com/r/SeattleWA/comments/8s9rck/homeless\_issue\_in\_seattle/?utm\_content=title&utm\_medium=user&utm\_source=reddit&utm\_name=frontpage](https://www.reddit.com/r/SeattleWA/comments/8s9rck/homeless_issue_in_seattle/?utm_content=title&utm_medium=user&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=frontpage)

Enough is enough. Average citizens are not getting help from the services we are putting money forward with our taxes. In turn people who pay no taxes are getting the benefit of all the services and are being treated as a protected class. [deleted] This is likely stemming from a ruling from the King County Superior Court regarding the frontier-era Homestead Act:

https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2018/03/06/591300547/a-homeless-mans-truck-is-his-home-judge-rules-in-seattle

In this case it appears that state legislation changes are needed.  I am not sure if that ruling will be appealed? Loving this!! Sorry it happened to you, but I’m so tired of this and happy to see that other residents are as well.  This story is bogus. They can tow the vehicle. They cannot impound the vehicle and charge excessive fees to reclaim it. 

https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/homeless/judge-rules-seattle-homeless-mans-truck-is-a-home/ Not a lawyer, but pretty sure homestead act is about lenders/creditors not being able to seize legally-owned "homestead" property - i.e. real estate, house & goods.  Not about a right to declare wherever you plant yourself your home.  Pretty sure you are being BS'd.  This is about Seattle officials placing personal and party politics above enforcing the laws.  Not unlike a certain administration in a different Washington. I think it's time to "Take back the city". This stuff is depressing and it's getting out of hand. Please do reach out to your state representative asking to have this act changed.  street people are above the law, they do whatever the fuck they want. I'm so sorry this happened to you. As a neighbor who visits golden gardens early in the a.m with my toddlers I'll keep my eyes peeled for this asshole  +1 This is a big reason why we left Seattle. Not your specific experience, but what's been happening there in general for most of the current decade. Don't blame the police, or even the city officials. Blame your fellow Seattle residents who demand nothing and keep voting them in. We looked around with rising dissatisfaction, and decided to GTFO rather than sit there and watch what made Seattle such a desirable place to live be destroyed over time, amid skyrocketing costs.  


I feel sorry for people who, for whatever set of reasons, really have to be there. But I do not feel sorry for anyone who votes for these people and their tax levies, and is then surprised by what happens. King County employees contact information is public record. Find out who the prosecutor here is and post it here and other places so that others can encourage them to do their fucking job.

You should also try calling in to the Dori Monson show. There aren't many people in the media who give a shit about regular folks. He's one of them. He could encourage people to contact the prosecutor. This city has sold the rights of its citizens to bureaucracy. It has nothing to do with the rights of you, nor the person 'living' in that spot. It's simply that the cost of not touching the situation is lower than the cost of getting involved. Plain and simple. I'm sorry blaming sawant for issues stemming back ten or 15 years isint helping. Also, your comments seem to divide and polarize rather than bridging the gap and reconnecting us. None of the folks who commented on this thread seem to have any other perspective on this? Not even one of the participants in this thread have been homeless. Too bad, seems like good training  to me.  [removed] So your one of those assholes to call the cops on everyone? Someone did this on my street and a bunch of home owners, who lived on the street, started getting shit from the police. It started a whole thing where everyone on the street is now pissed off at that house. Can you please just fuck off and mind your own damn business? I cannot be optimistic. I lived there long enough to have come to the conclusion that the average Seattle voter is either lazy or actually approves of these policies. Fight the good fight, but have no illusions. What exactly do you mean by "take back the city"?  Chase people out with sticks? They have the same mentality of those fascists who think putting children in concentration camps is a good idea. It's not that they are above the law, it's that the city just has no incentive to do anything about it. In terms of cost efficiency, it's cheaper to just not interfere.  I'm glad that I can share this information so that you can help keep your family safe. 
 You are such a hypocrite. Just like my sis-in-law who has for kids and complains about being stuck in traffic.  Are these people really that Oblivious?   Where'd you move to, if you don't mind my asking? Wait what? Like the Nazis?  No. That's part of what got us into this issue. Sawant and her policies.  Do you really not see the hypocrisy in telling people to mind their own business by not minding your own business? How about we let the homeless camp in your yard and driveway. If you get mad or call the police we are going to get mad at you. Also laugh because the police won’t help you.  

That’s what you are saying, right?   Haha no! No pitchforks..but it's time to really hold the council's feet to the fire. Millions upon millions have been spent with nothing to show for it and lawless is unchecked.  Seattle is quickly becoming the 1980s NYC. Hyprocite for saying the right thing? We stopped going to Seattle (we live nearby) because of the homeless people occupying pretty much everywhere. 

Maybe some dont mind but I dont want to walk near smelly tents sorry. If I actually lived in city of Seattle I would be furious that they are allowing city to become one big homeless site by not enforcing rules. Oblivious to what? To your junkie, criminal, crazy-ass friends and their troubles? Elsewhere in the state. That's all I will say, because I don't want anyone from Seattle following us here. It's rural, and very little of Seattle's bullshit flies around here, thank God. The very first things I did on moving in was to change the area code and join the local shooting range, and assure everyone I met that I wasn't bringing Seattle with me, but that we had escaped. Who else? Sawant is not a National Socialist.  I advise you look up the term. I actually said nothing even close to that. 

  
Re-read my post, and you may notice that under my blatant accusation of hypocrisy, there is absolutely nothing about homelessness or calling the police. 

Why are you so defensive? It seems like perhaps you're just insecure about what you believe in and want to lash out at anyone you imagine is on the other side of your belief.  Who else what? Don't care to be honest. After her I am tired of any type. Can we get some moderate democrats again? She no doubt would love to see her socialism spread to the national level, so your statement isn't true. We need also need to ban the use of Dihydrogen Monoxide before anyone else gets addicted to the stuff! Who the fuck are you? Not even who I replied to. 
This your karma whoring alt or some shit?   If you actually want to change anything there -- and I doubt you do, when push really comes to shove -- you would elect a series of Republican centrists to city government. You would scare the living fuck out of the lazy, crony Democrats who have run Seattle for decades. It's not that I'm a Republican, it's that I know that the best way to train political officials is to dis-employ them, and scare the hell out of those who remain. Imagine your brain being this smooth. Why would you ban water?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Socialism Oh my bad, you're right.  😂 I need my fix. SOMEONE ARGUE WITH ME. 