Overreaching Amazon security, photographer harassment on public sidewalk. I am a photographer that shoots 360 panoramas in and around Seattle. I have been doing such for over 20 years.

Yesterday afternoon while I was setting up to shoot a 360 on the *public sidewalk* on the east side of Amazon's Doppler Tower in Belltown, I was approached by one of Amazon's blue shirted security people who then proceeded with the following types of questions/statements to me while stepping in front of my camera and encroaching on my personal space-

"Do you have a blue badge?"
"Photography is not allowed here"
"You cannot take pictures of this building"
"You are on private property"
"You have to go over there to take pictures" (pointing to some area that was at the edge of the street and not a sidewalk)

Etc, etc.

I don't appreciate Amazon's security taking it upon themselves to "police" the public or otherwise attempt to regulate the activities the public does while on a city owned public sidewalk just because it is in front of their building.

My response to the man who stopped me was- no, I do not have a "Blue Badge" nor am I going to stop what I am doing, nor am I going to move, and yes I am absolutely going to take my pictures regardless of what you think. Feel free to get your supervisor..

Apparently not prepared for such a frank response from me, he walked away and got on his radio to speak to whomever about me being so uncooperative..

After I finished my shot (which takes about 30 seconds), I ran into him again, this time on the public sidewalk on the west side of the building.. to ask him if he got a hold of his supervisor, that I wanted to speak with them. That I was surprised that they could be so unaware of what the public was allowed to do on public property, particularly with regards to photography (note that the Doppler Tower plaza is *also* zoned as a "public space").

Another security guard joined in with "You are not allowed to take pictures here" etc. etc. 

They never did let me speak to their supervisor. But instead, talked in a huddle until I decided I needed to move on with my shooting while the light was still good. "I guess you better call the cops then." Btw- here's the finished panorama I shot at that location during the encounter-

https://www.bohonus.com/vr/vrs5441 Some uneducated security guard was tripping on whatever limited power they had? Color me shocked! Shocked I say! Note- this was the third time over the past years that Amazon's security has approached me in such a manner while I was out taking pictures from public areas near their buildings. Those two times were only resolved after they were escalated by me having to call SPD (especially after one security officer attempted to grab my camera) to each of the scenes. Alexa erased the photos from your camera when you got home. They are likely contractors so it would be best to go through their management chain to request retraining (obviously unlikely but maybe they will do something if it has happened several times). 


I believe Amazon uses Security Industry Specialists (SIS). Keep in mind that these are not police officers or even a gated communities patrol guy who is a vet. These guys are typically young and don't make much over minimum wage.


I found it a little sad when I would visit my friend who worked security at Facebook's apartment. He literally lived in a low-income studio while an engineer I knew had just purchased home for near a million dollars.


I heard Google was going to make security guards FTEs after some complaints butbdon't know if it ever happened. Some data companies have photography policies that specifically say the exterior of company buildings are *prohibited* from being photographed, so they may have been acting on something like that. This is generally for more remote facilities in dedicated office parks and not something that you would just, well, find downtown around a lot of other stuff.

Even then I don't know how enforceable those policies are since they are targeted at people who've been allowed to access the premises and not folks who are just walking by on the street. Either way, if it was a legit procedure they were following they should have escalated This makes me irate.  Thinking of taking a camera down there just to see what happens [deleted] For any aspiring photographers that want to know more about the legalities of things like this, [https://books.google.com/books/about/Legal\_Handbook\_for\_Photographers.html?id=mruVAkB5HeMC](https://books.google.com/books/about/Legal_Handbook_for_Photographers.html?id=mruVAkB5HeMC) is a great place to start.

&#x200B;

Specific to this issue, taking photos of buildings is legal, as long as you're not breaking any other laws when you do it. Some background: [https://www.thoughtco.com/legality-of-photographing-federal-buildings-3321820](https://www.thoughtco.com/legality-of-photographing-federal-buildings-3321820)

&#x200B;

In addition, even if the place where you were taking photos is technically private property, if it's publicly accessible and easily mistakable as public you can still use it & take photos. You can also take photos of people in public so long as there's no reasonable expectation of privacy. (Though, if you want to sell that image and the people are recognizable, you'll probably need to get a model release)

&#x200B;

(i am not a lawyer) They've done this before.

Slap them with a lawsuit!

Don't waste time with niceties.

 

 

&#x200B; Makes me tempted to go take pictures of everyone leaving their building just to fuck with them. Next time, bring your lawyer. Oh tony, if I was an uneducated piece of trash as you say, I would not have been able to locate you via your ip   address and amazon profile.. try again  They are not wrong. You can’t shoot there. It is private property. You would not like it if others showed at your house and started taking pictures.  Nice. I park there everyday (and don’t work there). I’ll be sure to take some photos with my 360° cam today as well. We should have a photography meet at the banana stand. This weeks focus: security guards.

I can empathize with the security peons though. A tripod is kinda serious looking to a non-enthusiast.

I can’t really imagine what kind of bullshit the security people have to deal with from their bosses and skip-levels, considering what kind of bullshit the blue and orange badges also have to deal with from their leadership. I like that is has the guard in frame.  Wow you do great work. This is the best 360 panorama I've ever seen. Everything is so sharp and there's no distortion at all.  Nice work. How do you remove the tripod legs? I have almost the same shot on my Instagram  it is a public side walk and taking photos won’t make a difference they are probably bored guards  Great picture! I've been appreciating the contrast on that street in particular between the Amazon towers and the older buildings across the street when I venture through the area.

The block and a half of older buildings is like a bastion of a time that was for the Amazon district, not even very long ago, now with towers in all directions.

Here is the Google Street view of nearly the same spot from 2007. Incredible. Fitting that the street view captured the construction notice for Amazon Folkart and Amazon Doppler.

https://www.google.com/maps/@47.6155641,-122.3382963,3a,75y,233.23h,98.08t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sZc5WHXfaqSOytBcXiwwBgw!2e0!7i3328!8i1664

If you go to 2008 (link below) you get a much higher quality picture than 2007 with construction having begun on Amazon Blackfoot to the East, with the notice for Folkart and Doppler still in place.

https://www.google.com/maps/@47.6155563,-122.3383967,3a,75y,207.91h,97.01t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1sAF1mtZR4JEvNhQmWDRGkUA!2e0!5s20080601T000000!7i13312!8i6656 That website is broken.  Try posting it to imgur.   If they touch you it's assault, they lose their job, and you geta day check if Amazon hush money. I have an idea now.

Would a DSLR get their attention or was it thet tripod? Hence the reason why I requested to speak with their superiors. The guards kept insisting that they were "told" not to allow such photography, so I wanted to find out why they were being told such and try to rectify it. They never did put me in contact with anyone else. If you do, put it on a tripod. That's what I was using, which probably got their attention much quicker because it looked "professional" apparently. I used to deliver pizza and some Amazon dude flipped the fuck out becausei got ina secured building and was walking up the stairs at 9pm.

Lock the fucking doors, Jeff!

I did tell the guy that i wasnt actually carrying pizza and this was an elaborate plan by the government to spy on him. The plaza of the Doppler building is officially zoned as Privately Owned Public Space (POPS) which people can learn about here-

http://www.seattle.gov/sdci/resources/privately-owned-public-spaces

The sidewalk where I was is totally city owned public property of course. Amazon security really has no business even approaching or talking to people on the sidewalk about anything.

 It’s not a house.  It’s a massive tower that you can see from miles away.  Regardless of proximity to the the building, if you’re standing on public property, you can take picture of the building.  I live in a high rise and wouldn’t go chasing people down for taking pictures on the public sidewalk outside the building. Whats it like to be so confident and so wrong at the same time? You are incorrect. The public sidewalk is indeed public. Doesn't matter, buildings can't have an expectation of privacy. Technically as long as I am not harassing you and I stay on public property I could stand outside you house and take pictures all day long.  You're an undeducated piece of trash, know your rights or shut the fuck up. I take a downward facing shot of the area where the tripod was and use that to patch the image. I can access the website/link fine. It's not an "image" btw it is an interactive 360 panorama that photo sites like imgur are not compatible with. I had DSLR on tripod.
 [deleted] Did they have a company logo (SIS or Securitas, or something else) on their shirts? You could try calling the local office if you can determine what outfit it was. 


Alternatively, you could walk to the closest nonsecured lobby and ask the front desk to give someone in Facilities Management your contact info and request a call since this has been an ongoing issue. It might seem a little confrontational but  might get you somewhere. Even better mount your phone to the tripod to really confuse them  Literally the one word before "they lose their job," read that one word and if it still doesn't make sense... Go away No logo on their blue shirt other than the word "Security". You can see one of them in my panorama talking on their radio to others after he walked away when I told him I wasn't going anywhere. 