Is it illegal to ride an electric scooter on the sidewalk in Seattle or on the street for that matter. Also, I'm talking about the scooters you actually stand on.  I am looking into getting one for my daily commute, but no reason too if I can't ride in on the sidewalk.  There's no way in hell i'd ride a scooter in traffic lol.

Thanks You can't ride anything with a motor on a sidewalk. The street is fine though. Stick to the bike lanes tho for safety.  Illegal but not enforced like most seattle traffic laws.  This is the reason the lime/bird/uber electric scooters aren't allowed here but I think an environmental review is underway currently followed by a city council vote to approve motorized scoots on sidewalks.   It's illegal there is a guy in West Seattle who cruises around on one, right down California Ave. It's super loud and obnoxious, because it's gas-powered, but I've never seen a cop pull him over so I am going to assume...legal?  It should be. Fuck people who ride scooters on the sidewalk. Sidewalk is for walking. Keep your fucking bikes, scooters and other yuppy garbage out of the pedestrian lane. > Stick to the bike lanes tho for safety.

Prepare to be "educated" by every biker passing you that you can't ride motor vehicles in the bike lane. Oh and if you happen to be passing them because you're faster than they are, they usually insert a few choice swear words.  Someone who lives up the street rides a Solowheel all the time. It is pretty awesome.

Electric unicycles are legal on sidewalks.
 Well, I just found a news article stating its illegal to ride electric scooters on sidewalks in Seattle atm.  I found my answer...sigh....lol lol...tell us how you really feel man lol
 Keep your bitch ass pedestrians out of my way when i have a green light. Keep your fucking car doors out of my bike lane. Keep your goddamn bus out of my car lane. Keep your shitty prius out of the left lane. Keep your shitty self out of my country and go see the world and how the rest of the people move about The things go like 16 mph tops. It's a freakin scooter.  So is heroin. Don't see too many users troubled by legality issues. 