What are some of the worst experiences you all have had as a pedestrian in Seattle? Any uncomfortable sidewalk encounters? Are there any particularly terrible paths? Stories and experiences appreciated. I got a jaywalking ticket on Olive Way. A guy hit me with his car at the Chase Bank at 5th and Northgate about 9 years ago - that was probably when I hit rock bottom as a pedestrian.  I thought he was waving to allow me to cross in front of his car.   I guess he was waving to tell me as the pedestrian that he was going to drive forward.  I walked, he hit the gas, and I bounced into Northgate Way.  I landed on my right hip and my elbow.  Thankfully, it just happened to be at a window of time where there was no oncoming traffic.


Dude pulled over, rolled down his window, and said “Are you okay?”  I was completely in shock but I quickly assessed that I was able to move and still breathing (and I was horribly embarrassed) so I said I was fine.  He took off.  I stumbled into the Starbucks next door, ordered a cup of coffee, and tried to get myself together.  A very kind gentleman followed me into Starbucks and said that he had seen the whole thing and had taken down the pertinent details.  I never pursued anything.   Seattle crosswalks are not automatic (aside from downtown/Belltown) and things can get very confusing. Even on busy intersections like 15th and Market or 5th and Mercer you have to push the button for the crosswalk light to trigger. A lot of people will get to the button a second too late but cross the street anyway based off of the traffic signals. I have definitely gotten screamed at a few times for doing this. 

Also, I once saw a lady walk halfway thru a crosswalk, pop a squat, and start shitting right there in the middle of the street. This was in Belltown, early morning, like 10 years ago. 

Oh, and the time me and my bf were walking home from a bar in Belltown and a cop came up from behind and grabbed my boyfriend by the back of the neck and yelled, “you are just gonna jaywalk right in front of a cop like that?” This was in 2009. The cop said it was a “known drug area” (2nd and Battery) and apparently we look like jaywalking drug dealers? One time a HOMELESS person asked me for money. I was HORRIFIED.  My husband had to pull me out of the way when crossing at a crosswalk with the light, because a bus ran the red light on the north side of the Fremont bridge.
That seems to happen often.

I did have a homeless man compliment me on my skirt when I was going to the Showbox, but since he was sitting on the ground I briefly was concerned I forgot my underwear.
🤭 I've never had any issues walking around downtown but I'm also 6'4". Driving around though is problematic as a lot of pedestrians cross small streets wherever the feel like it with their face buried in their phone. Like why do they trust a stranger with your life.  Sidewalks are covered with "Lions and tiggers and bears, oh my"  Safest to stay in your car out in the burbs.  Walking is so pedestrian, dealing with the hoi polloi. I got run over by a truck. Nearly got stabbed by a zombie staggering with a needle out like Harry Potter walking down 6th at around 5pm once Shit on the sidewalk, lady screaming at a sign and then other people standing there. I will also say I hate to step over people, (*I mean mon dieu! It is 2018 in a mostly civilized country, in one of the most “livable” cities in that country, and we step over other humans sleeping on the fucking sidewalk, and just throw up our hands*)


But I admit as a smallish oldish person, the most I generally do is see if they are breathing, or at least seem not dead.
Then I walk around them with a concerned look on my face and feel like a horrible person because I didn’t check to see if they were OD’ing. Should have told the cop you two had better sense than to jaywalk while selling drugs, one crime at a time friend. The memory of the trauma will never go away competely (that's why we use the term 'survivor'), but day by day it will feel less overwhelming. [removed] Do you mean that it happens often in that particular place? Pretty often occurance in Seattle  lol gross. Typical Seattle  Right?? Or the time I was chased near pikes market for reasons I don't know.  As far as Ive noticed, both walking and riding the bus. I was just hungry dude...and you looked JUICE-AYYYY 