Seattle woman refuses to take down no-parking signs  Why doesn’t she repaint her lot so the spaces are wholly on private property?
 Nuisance no-parking sign: [https://goo.gl/maps/sKBKn8JyiS92](https://goo.gl/maps/sKBKn8JyiS92) [https://www.google.com/maps/@47.6907566,-122.3714142,3a,90y,42.36h,63.27t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sMXjro2M7Kmp1FKsFcMLa8A!2e0!7i16384!8i8192](https://www.google.com/maps/@47.6907566,-122.3714142,3a,90y,42.36h,63.27t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sMXjro2M7Kmp1FKsFcMLa8A!2e0!7i16384!8i8192)  


Putting the whole homeless aspect aside for the moment, her property is a bit odd and I can see how one would just assume the parking spaces in question are on private land.  Then again, it looks like the right of way for the sidewalk such as it is (or isn't) goes right across "her" parking spots.    


Just saying, in the parts of the city that lack curbs and sidewalks, the delineation between the public right of way and private property is often very difficult to discern. Is the space she put the sign by owned by the city? Yea, fuck that business woman that pays taxes so the city can function. Those homeless crackheads in their rape van need that space more than she does  Classic r/seattle:

One stuffy doof's typical and somewhat laughable argument with the city suddenly becomes COMPLETELY JUSTIFIED as soon as the suburbanites hear about how OMG HOMELESS are involved.  9_9 It's really annoying how some people think they own street parking. So she put no parking signs on city owned property? I hope they do fine her.  You’re right and it’s a real issue.

Sadly the city has a habit of issuing easements in situations like this to the property owner to allow use of the sidewalk area for the owners use, ceding the public right of way.

In lake city way there is an instance of a car dealership built out over the sidewalk.  Apparently a part of her parking lot is city owned. But she has a point - if the city wants to claim it and say she can't restrict parking, then the city can go out there and clean up the needles and other trash from the homeless. Forget them, \*I\* need that space so I can park my car for somewhere for free. Driving in the city is a freaking drag. Sorry, it's "people experiencing homelessness". It's her fault she's trying to operate a business at their home. Yeah. Hey, I pay taxes, too!  HEY, SEATTLE!  ALL YOUR PARKING SPACES ARE NOW MINE!!! It’s really annoying how some people think they own sidewalks and public green spaces... Yeah damn business owners thinking they pay taxes, that don’t seem to do anything to protect their business from influences that will destroy them I’m with you on this. She overtook public area to add more parking spots. She could just have parking parallel to her building and then it would be on her own property only.

The sign is a nuisance because it’s deterring the public from public owned land.   I sure hope they fine the reprobates who shit all over the sidewalks and leave their trash everywhere.  You know--equality and all with enforcing laws.  The city is basically saying 

>We own this lot, and we can use it for whatever we want. We choose not to give it over to your private use. If you want a nice private lot, go buy your own. Move your sign. 

I actually think that’s fair. Who’s this lady to tell someone else what they can and can’t do with their property? Just because she’d prefer the homeless go elsewhere? The homeless aren’t going to blink out of existence if you kick them down the road. I wish cleaning up a neighboring property allowed one to claim ownership. I’d own my whole block! Do you think that is an excuse for this? Other people break the law so she can too? This business owner is stealing from every tax payer in the city.  No, but the city picks and chooses which laws to enforce.  They address her issue, but look the other with the immense mess caused by the homeless population.  Yesterday I watched a homeless guy dump trash all over Aloha St right in front of a police cruiser. No consequences. Do you think you could do that? They do that constantly. But a sign someone attached to their own building that they admit they put up is pretty easy to investigate.  I don't think I should be able to. I don't get your point. I can not want homeless people to trash everything and also not want business owners to illegally mark public parking as private parking at the same time. They aren't competing issues.  Yeah, my comment wasn't really a fair reply to yours in isolation. I made it after reading the rest of the thread. 

A business owner obviously has no right to claim city land as their own, just as tent dwellers have no right to claim sidewalks and parks. But in this case, the city owns [a weird sliver of her otherwise privately-owned parking area](https://www.reddit.com/r/Seattle/comments/9trug6/seattle_woman_refuses_to_take_down_noparking_signs/e8zga9r/) and refuses to maintain it. 

We see this refusal to maintain city property every day because our authorities turn a blind eye to crimes committed by a particular class of people, which is what I was getting at. This business owner isn't trying to legally claim the city's property; rather she is filling in for the city's failure to serve its residents. 

It would be unreasonable of her to keep the sign up if the city began doing its job, but instead the message is "our negligence will continue, your livelihood will be negatively affected, and we will punish you if you try to do anything about it." 