Considering moving from Boston. Questions about commute, climate/city change, if padmapper accurate for rents I'm considering moving here from Boston and have questions about: how the city and climate has changed the past \~5yrs, the commute, and confirmation of rent ranges.

1. Have forest fires and hot humid weather become more common the past few years? How often do you get them?
2. Is padmapper accurate? I could afford \~$2200/mo. I live in a <500sf studio now and am ok with it. I'm 30 and a homebody, but if I could be within 20min walk of a park or water that'd be great. It looks like I could afford: Queen Anne/Lower Queen Anne, Ballard, some places in Capital Hill, and parts of Belltown. Fremont looks out of my price range. I do not want to live in downtown. Do any of you commute from Bremerton? What's SLU like?
3. Has the homeless community and drug use increased in the past few years?
4. Do you need a car if you live within a 15min walk of public transit? Your subway system seems nicer and more reliable than Boston's.
5. I work in construction and couldn't believe how many cranes I saw when I visited last year. Has it slowed down much? Everyone I know from Boston hates it here and every conversation goes back to how Boston is better. I get pride for your hometown but it is annoying. I moved from DC a month ago and was a lifelong East Coaster beforehand

1. We had some pretty hot days last week & prob. will see more soon - many apartments here don't come with A/C since the weather is usually so mild, but you should definitely consider whether you can deal with no A/C in 85+ degree weather!
2. Yeah, Padmapper seems accurate as far as I can tell. I live in SLU. It's close to a Whole Foods, Lake Union, a decent gym, lots of restaurants and Capitol Hill/downtown; I can quickly walk or bike lots of places. SLU is Amazon country, so you will be surrounded by tech workers. There are numerous major construction projects here too. Also, a moderately-sized part of SLU is dedicated to recovery houses and low income housing (mostly from the corner of John and Minor Ave N up to Mercer and Minor Ave N with some exceptions), so it can be a little bit unnerving walking around that area. One big pro of SLU is that it's not incredibly hilly like Capitol Hill and Queen Anne. But hills/steeply inclined roads are a factor in Seattle
3. Coming from DC, the homeless problem in Seattle is much more visible. In a month here, I've seen: a homeless man get in a random guy's face on the sidewalk and threaten him at the top of his lungs (unprovoked), a drugged-out person screaming/cursing at people going to work in well-to-do SLU, a woman laying on the sidewalk chugging a bottle of rum at 10am on a weekend downtown, and a woman keeled over in the middle of the sidewalk at the corner of Olive and 8th - looked like she was dead - thankfully a tourist who was a nurse was there and tried tending to her. You'll see a fair share of tents and people who should probably be institutionalized. Coming from DC where the worst I saw was a crackhead shadow-boxing in the subway (along with a good number of pleasant panhandlers and a handful of tents), it has been quite jarring
4. I've never seen so much construction in a U.S. city as I have here. It's pretty amazing, and Seattle has the most tower cranes in the U.S. right now: [https://www.seattletimes.com/business/real-estate/seattle-tops-the-nation-in-tower-cranes-for-third-straight-year-as-construction-reaches-new-peak/](https://www.seattletimes.com/business/real-estate/seattle-tops-the-nation-in-tower-cranes-for-third-straight-year-as-construction-reaches-new-peak/)

All that said, it's the most beautiful big city I've seen in the U.S., I'm saving lots of money thanks to no income tax, and most people here have been really friendly The weather here is awesome it’s not too cold in the winter and not too hot during the summer. Snow is very rare, but when it happens the city pretty much shuts down. August can be bad for wildfire smoke, for example last summer there was ash on my car. 

Commuting depends on where you work. I work in north downtown and I live in south Seattle so leaving at 4:00 pm is the worst, at least a 1.5 hr commute when normally 25 min. Public transportation is ok here, the light rail is pretty reliable but limited in the areas it serves. You need to live and work close to a station for it to be beneficial. With your price range and not wanting to have a vehicle I would suggest looking at areas like beacon hill, Colombia city, Othello or rainier beach. 

As for crime and homelessness it’s bad downtown but everywhere else is probably on par for most major city’s. Get a security system and never leave any valuables in your car and you should be fine. Last year was really bad with fires although only because of smoke. This year, although still early in fire season, isn’t looking as bad. Humidity’s also not bad; nothing at all like on the east coast and south. We’re next to large bodies of relatively cool water so that helps keep things mild.

You can find a 1 bedroom here for around 1500 in those neighborhoods. Studios are around 1200-1400, though I have seen them go for as low as 1000 if it’s in an older building. Stay away from shiny new development and Capitol Hill and the rest of the city’s within your price range.

Homelessness has increased. I personally haven’t noticed any increased negatives though. They litter and downtown’s gross but otherwise my neighborhood’s fine. The worst you’ll ever experience is a busted car window but other crime is still low and scarce. 

No car needed.

They’re building everywhere with no end in sight. 3. Yes and it's getting worse. The idiot electorate we have here elected even more stupid politicians and they're drawing homeless here in droves. 
4. Do you?
5. Lots of construction.

Are you a guy? Unlike Boston, Seattle is a massive sausage fest and the women here in general aren't friendly in comparison to Boston. I love when I'm in your city. Easily approachable, nice and attractive women all over the place.  Nope. From Somerville and been here 18 years and it helped me lose my stupid accent. [deleted] Your neckbeard is showing... i find no one is from here and the ladies are easy to approach. Maybe depending on where you strike up convos. I meet most ppl in dive bars.  i have videos of me when i was younger and they are a source of comedy  That's cute and all. How much fucking time have you spent in Boston? What's the ratio of men to women in both fucking cities? Of every 10 people moving here, how many are guys.

When SJW's post on here whining in sweeping generalizations, it usually means that they don't have a sweet fucking clue of the topic at hand. 

Feel free to answer the fucking questions above. It would require you being man enough to admit to being wrong though. We both know that won't happen. Whoever you're done your SJW whining, you might want to research the demographics and social realities of both cities. Feel free to stop trolling at any fucking point in time. Calm down tough guy.  Take that aggression back to Massachusetts  The fact that you used the acronym SJW twice in this thread is a dead giveaway man. Now I know you wear a fedora too. But you're right you've probably done a lot more research into the demographics of sausage fests than me. Whenever you're done your SJW whining, you might want to research the demographics and social realities of both cities. Feel free to stop trolling at any fucking point in time.
 