Durkan Torpedoes Transit Shelter Modernization Plan, Forgoing $97 Million Or More In Revenue  lol wtf is this horseshit from durkans office, first the complete radio silence on the CCC and now this. No explanations either...

For someone who ran on pro-business and pro-transit, she's represented an agenda that supports none of that. She also hasn't been very transparent with regard to the decision making process of her office. Getting very tired of it. I would be much more receptive of news like this with more communication from city council or the mayors office.

I was a durkan supporter during the election but now starting to think that Moon would have done a waaaaay better job. Here's to voting this obstructionist roadblock out of the Mayor's office.  So let's hear Durkan's side of the story.   How about just cleaning and maintenance of bus stops on a regular basis? Filth galore, rats crawling everywhere, many stops with no trash cans in sight. How about enforcing businesses to their sidewalk maintenance responsibilities? How about keeping up with the number of people flooding into the city? How about delivering on BASICS FIRST?  What an absolute shit article. One transit whiner throwing a hissy fit and not explaining the other side's position. Just fucking garbage. Why did you post that horseshit. Her office has made several public statements on the CCC and she has personally spoken to the media about it many times.  WTF is this horseshit from your post here. She addressed it. I'm still reading to try to find the fucking benefit of the shit. I'm at bus stops quite a bit. The phones fucking work just fine at the mother fuckers. You're seriously whining because we didn't waste $100M? Some of us actually pay taxes of any amount.  >*The Urbanist* contacted the Mayor’s Office to get further clarity on the issue, but received no comment.

​Sounds like she's not interested in explaining anything. Lol Metro does clean them on a regular basis. They pressure wash them and take out the trash at each one regularly. Some of the art gets cycled too and if there is graffiti they are usually pretty quick to paint over it. Well you'd have to enforce a lot of laws in the city to make that happen. Oh please. The stops aren't crawling with rats. Stop being dramatic. 'many times' is a bit of a stretch, and she has the same talking points about it which say nothing about the details of the project or her planning and thought process. All that she's said about it has been under the false guise of 'cost savings' which clearly she has no interest in with regard to the streetcar. She ordered the financial review in May, to the tune of $450k, to be done by June 16th *at the latest*. That came and went without it being released to the public and also apparently had results which didn't fit her narrative, so she ordered a more in-depth review which the results of are still yet to be determined and at a cost of an undisclosed additional sum of money.

Then she had her office release that nonsense about the new cars that are *already ordered* mind you, somehow not being standard gauge. You know, the same gauge that all rail cars in the Western hemisphere and most of europe comply with and have done so since like 1850.

She's fumbled the streetcar connector in so many ways when she really should have just rubber stamped it and expedited it. We need more transit solutions, not less. More progress, less 'Seattle Process'. The Urbanist has been on Durkan's case lately because of the street car and now they put this out.  You have to admit the title doesn't convey objectivity.  

It's possible this is a fuckup on her part, but it's also possible that when they contacted her they caught her spokesperson off guard or they did one of those "we're posting this in 20 minutes, care to comment?"  

I'm not saying either party is wrong or right here (the truth is often somewhere in the middle as well), I'm just not going to rush to judgment without hearing her justification.    That some blogger reached out to the fucking mayor and doesn't get a response doesn't mean that she's not interested in fucking explaining it. These transit whiners bitch about anything. Largely, they're pissed because the street car was cancelled. She addressed her reasons for this already. Don't buy into everything that gets posted here.  "Regular?" "Regular?" Like, you mean the once-every-other month "regular" that I, a Metro reliant, witness? Like "regular" that keeps up with the exploding population? Lol. Sidewalk maintenance involves "a lot of laws?" Show me. No. I see them. Daily. What's funny is she openly talked about the problems on the radio almost a full \*month\* before any of the pro transit orgs brought it up on their blogs. Its almost as if they were unwilling to even acknowledge the issues with the project.

The new trains \*do\* have a different structure and loading gauge. Just because you are personally ignorant of the different uses of the word gauge, doesn't make the statement false.

SDOT spent \*years\* fucking up this project - unprecedented cost overruns and overinflated ridership numbers that even made the most pro transit organizations raise an eyebrow. They even \*refused\* offers from Metro to help them estimate the project. It shouldn't be surprising it would take a couple extra months for a third party consultant to fully investigate what's happened. I think a lot of people have a perception of her administration as do-nothing or obstructionist. I tend to agree so I don't have a lot of patience with her halting more projects without explanation. I might be biased against her, but what I do really want is just that, an explanation. 

  
So I guess what I'm saying is that I understand wanting to withhold judgment until we have all the info, but at the same time that can be a waste of time with an administration that doesn't seem particularly transparent in their processes.  
 It’s like maybe couple times a month. It’s not every week I’ll admit but it’s a regular cadence. Those trucks you see with the garbage bins in the back and plastic water jugs and pressure washers on board are metro station cleaning vehicles. Show you what? Also, why the fuck would you say involves when I fucking enforce? Hasn't been my experience, but I saw them more living on the south side. Things going massively over budget are without explanation? Seriously, her decisions are well fucking explained.  I see them. I see them. It's NOT "couple times a month." Not even "maybe." That is simply NOT true. Do you work for Metro? At best, it's once-per-quarter. I know. I utilize Metro EVERY DAY. To be a little more clear, my experience with seeing rodents has been mostly bus stops located nearby heavy shrubs, heavy weeds, blackberry bushes, accumulated trash - where they can quickly ditch into. 

Stand-alone bus stop refuse bins surrounded only by sidewalks - such as in downtown, Cap Hill - seem to be avoided by the rodents, since there is no nearby cover. But I see these being overloaded with refuse far too often. 

Human feces not so much, but just sits there for days on end. Needles I see much more frequently, laying in grass, weeds.

Businesses seem to ignore the problem - much to my surprise. I owned a store-front business and kept the sidewalk swept, free of trash. Sometimes all it took was pushing down with the broom to compact it in, made room for further use.

So, to put this to rest, I'd rather see the city focus more on basic stuff, instead of chasing the next trendy project, such as this supposed additional "revenue" stream the vendor claims will be generated. 

Keep up with the growing population. Maintain a healthier street environment. Scoop the trash, fix our deteriorating streets, fill the potholes. "Jewell of the Northwest." Not so much anymore.

EDIT: Other bus lines: 14, 36. That logic doesn't make sense if it's going to cost even more to back out than finish the project. Budget concerns are a disingenuous reason. Plus, she already has her report. So what's happening?  Hmm, interesting. No I don’t work for metro lol, this is just my anecdotal evidence but I feel like I see them out there more, I take the 62, and 8 and 26x regularly. I could be wrong but I think for the most part metro does a pretty decent job. What is it that you see that you’d like to see improvement on? Trash receptacles emptied more often or the stations just generally covered in filth?  Fair enough, and while I totally understand your concerns I don't think maintenance and upgrades are mutually exclusive. We shouldn't \*have\* to look at things that way. My issue with Durkan is that we get all these obstructions to different projects, but with zero apparent cost savings or improved upkeep of existing services. Combined with the general "we'll fix it in a decade or two" attitude in Seattle government it's enough to make your head explode. Thank you for following up in a cogent manner.

I ride multiple lines for everything. I sold my SUV 5 years ago after twice not seeing bicyclists in my blind spot. They came my window, pounded it, full-on rage and froth. So, I frequent the 3, 4, 7, 106, and several others, but less frequently so. 

I would love to see improvement on both emptying and power wash. Not just for reducing the eyesore factor, but it's the health threat from needles strewn around, and, believe it or not, human feces, and rats feasting on whatever has not made it into the bins. Big ass rats.

Please don't anyone take this as ragging on homeless, but with many stops not even having bins, what can they do?

In addition, and which can contribute to improving the situation, is actual enforcement of regs requiring businesses to maintain their section of sidewalk. 

This is what I mean when I say that Seattle needs to pay attention to BASICS, before blowing more of its revenue on the next trendy, nicey, nicey project.

So, I commend the present mayor for nixing this new project. You can bet it WILL NOT bring in revenue, because, as usual, the newbie contractor will find excuses why the dough is not rolling in, and charge the city even more dough.

Thank you, Mayor Durkan.

 Hard to exit Westlake Station at the Macy’s exit and say Metro is doing a decent job. It’s disgusting and isn’t being cleaned. And I’m not sure one of the escalators has worked in two months. Always one of them down at least not sure it’s always the same one. Agree, perhaps I'm sounding like a zero-sum proposition. The "upgrade" being pitched I see very little utility in it. Vendors, it seems, are licking their lips to mine our booming economics. Who really pays attention to advertising anyway, is what I wonder. I observe that people everywhere have their faces on their cell. Print is dead. Totally with you on that attitude you describe. My head exploded decades ago. And then there's that "paralysis by analysis" phenomenon. But that's a different soap-box altogether.  That's not a bus issue. That's a city needs to enforce drug laws issue. We've created Freeattle. Those needles are showing up for a reason.  That station is a link station now as the busses will be getting kicked out soon. I don’t believe Metro runs that station or has in the past. Metro buses ran through it but not sure who runs and maintains it now, probably Sound Transit  Obfuscation going on here with this observation, mixing facts and creating a zero sum conclusion. So, if needles are strewn in your front yard, it's not a health or safety issue to you? Needles get strewn in your neighborhood park is not a health or safety issue to you? These problems are multi-faceted, and require multi-faceted strategies. Get real. Grow some common sense. Can't put it all on the backs of our SPD. Ah, good point if true. And it probably is true. Some common fucking sense? What the mother fuck can I possibly do? That's nothing. Yes, it's up to police to enforce the mother fucking drug laws. You'll note, it's why we have laws and fucking police in the first fucking place. 