Got an internship for the fall in Seattle, what can I do to not look like a complete newbie tourist? So I got an internship this fall for a certain  company Im sure you're all very tired of. What can I do/what can I avoid to not look like Im completely out of place there? I dont necessarily want to try to act like a native, I just dont want to stick out like a sore thumb. Don't wander aimlessly with groups of your fellow employees blocking the sidewalk.  Don't stand with your backpack on on the bus.  Don't try to special order at Dick's.  Get a good raincoat instead of an umbrella.   Also - on that note :) I’ve been here two years.l so my opinion only may differ than others 

Wearing heels turned out to be a no-go for me. People value comfort and durability (good rain jacket) over style. 

Dress here is more casual - think jeans, flannel, hoodie. Waterproof/resistant shoes. 

I-5 is a nightmare and google maps is a liar for time to get to a destination.  Plan way ahead. 

Be nice. 

Dogs are highly regarded and loved here! 

The freeze is real but you’ll find friends eventually! Don’t be offended when people tel you all the great things to do and then when you ask them to go with you they’re like “MAYBE!” - this is a no. They’ve been to the the space needle a dozen times already. 

Vitamin D Drops in the winter and keep going out and doing stuff, whether it’s rainy or not. 

No Frizz shampoo and conditioner. 

Not everyone loves Pearl Jam (but I do!!!!)

But- is the best city ever! ❤️❤️ welcome!!  And maybe don’t mention you work at Amazon (if you work there hahhahha) Don't complain that you can't find whatever food that you liked back home is not available here: Tex-Mex, Kansas City BBQ, Chicago-style pizza, whatever. Enjoy what you can get here: Seattle-style teriyaki, boba, fresh seafood, etc. Why do you care if people judge you based on how you look? Do you really want to be friends with these kinds of people? If you’re downtown, for the life of God, do not use an umbrella.  Be practical, not flashy. Well given you’ll be interning with Amazon, prepare to stick out immediately as you’ll be given a backpack with their logo on it :)

Source: was an intern last summer and now full time Drive your car to the pike market gum wall. Stay wherever you're coming from. Honest to God, if you are worrying what you will look like, that's enough to mark you as "a complete newbie tourist." Rule #1: The only people who care what you look like are other "complete newbie tourists." Besides, from everything I ever heard about Amhole Culture, such as it is, you won't have any spare time to look like anything. Oh man, I probably forgot the best guide of all!  I'm sorry, intern.  Here you go.

https://www.thestranger.com/features/2018/02/14/25822199/so-youre-the-bad-boy-who-moved-here-for-amazon I mean, the only 100% way to do that is to just not come. Give them a call or shoot them an email, they'll understand.  I already have a healthy disdain for slow people on sidewalks, since I go to college in a major city. So at least Ive got that down already Ohh point taken on the backpack! 🙋‍♀️ You need an umbrella.  Born and bred, don't listen to that mess. Yes! The easiest way to spot a tourist is the pace at which they walk and their general sense of being unaware of other people walking on the sidewalk.  You get upvote for Pearl Jam. > they’re like “MAYBE!” - this is a no. 

And a yes means, maybe, but probably not. Thanks for all the advice! Dress casually don't carry an umbrella don't drink frilly Starbucks drinks You get upvote for I-5 slander. Yeah he works at amazon, get him boys What's wrong with Starbucks? I think the only time I get on I-5 is when I am going to more than 30miles north or south.
I will miss the viaduct. Nothing.  If people didn't like Starbucks we wouldn't have them on every corner.  Enjoy your coffee, enjoy your coffee-flavored desserts and milkshakes, enjoy your blueberry scones. Spotted the TRANSPLANT! RIP Viaduct.  I miss you already. 