Friend sent me this after a frustrating encounter with Amazon yuppies and following a rant about how he wants to move to portland.  You think homeless is bad in Seattle and not in Portland?  When was the last time you were there?  It’s just as bad or worse Portland is exactly the same as Seattle, except it has an income  tax and no sales tax.

HTH That's like saying when Phoenix is too hot, move to Tucson. Last time I was in Portland there were homeless people making a campfire on the sidewalk.  What is an Amazon Yuppy? Genuinely asking because this is the first time I've heard the term.  What was the frustrating encounter?
Trying to dodge them as they meander across Westlake? Hate to tell you this but Portland's traffic is worse than Seattle's. As a Portland resident, browsing this sub because I'm visiting in 2 weeks - this made me laugh. Portland is fucked in all 3 of those respects, except the Amazon part. Substitute Nike, Intel, or self congratulating, judgemental hipster for the Portland Experience.  Shh, don't violate the Safe Sleep policy. Yuppie stands for Young Urban Professional. a young person with a well-paid job and a fashionable lifestyle. 

PS. It sounds like a positive meaning but it's actually a derogatory term coined by probably some envious folks... I, too, would like to know the definition of an Amazon Yuppy. lmao, from what he told me they always bunch up on the sidewalk downtown where he works and they piss him off because they never move or anything. I don't work downtown so imma just have to take his word for it, do they meander around Westlake alot too?  That city was just not built to handle large amounts of people. Thank you.  Kids these days don't know what yuppy means? Christ In front of Day 1/Doppler buildings on 6th ave? Then yes, the Amazon employees waiting for the shuttles there don't know how to share the sidewalk (or gain sentient awareness that they share the city with other people). Trying to make my way past them as they manage to block a _very_ wide sidewalk fills me with a unique kind of fury. I sympathize with your friend. Your friend sounds like a grouch.  Walk like you have a purpose and they'll get out of your way. The vast majority of them are extremely non-confrontational beta males.  You're free to tell people to get the fuck out of the way in this country. :) Or you could just say excuse me  This is absolutely true. 