Baby salmon are afraid of the dark, so Seattle built glass sidewalks  Was wondering what it looked like under there.   Does that mean every time someone walks over the Salmon have a mini-heart attack?  You can kayak under there too.  [deleted] > opaque glass Step on a crack, break the coho's back.  Not a heart attack but a flinch maybe.  Nightmare material right there. There’s swarms of 25 foot sharks under there. Totally different. Trees keep creeks cool. Those panels on the seawall let light in. That's because too-hot water is major threat to salmon. Waterside vegetation keeps salmon alive. Water temp is one of many, many reasons why the resident orca off of Puget Sound are starving.

No matter what it is, if it hurts salmon, it hurts orca. No matter what it is, if it kills salmon, it kills orca. The resident orca eat salmon almost exclusively.  I think the word you’re looking for is translucent. Opaque means it doesn’t pass light.  Not a Seattle native here... you’re joking, right? You should see the giant octopuses, scared the life out of me last time I was down there! They haven't been spotted in 5 years while using bait and purposely trying to lure them in. Definitely not swarms down there - https://kcts9.org/programs/wildlife-detectives/sixgill-sharks-puget-sounds-open-secret Correct. these salmon need light to guide them safely along the sea wall - a major migratory corridor - out to the ocean.  1) It's called opaque glass.  It's also literally a quote from the article.

2) Opaque means "not able to be seen through".  You can be opaque and also pass light, as long as you can see through it.  Translucent means you can't see detail.  So completely frosted glass is opaque, that bubbly glass you can't really see through but sort of can is translucent. Usually deep sea animals, the not well understood 6 gill sharks are routinely spotted under the pier by cameras. Benign or Carnivorous? Doesn’t matter to me. No way I put myself in a small confined space with a kayak. Oh and edit above: 14 feet not 25. Still same rules apply. 

https://www.seattleaquarium.org/blog/what-are-sixgill-sharks [deleted] The chances of an attack are slim to none. IMO this would be a fascinating place to kayak.  https://www.google.com/search?q=opaque+dictionary+meaning

>1. not able to be seen through; not transparent.
*"the windows were opaque with steam"*

You're simply wrong. This.  Shark attacks are ridiculously unlikely. According to Google:

*There were 88 reported unprovoked shark attacks — five of which were fatal — in 2017 worldwide, according to the University of Florida International Shark Attack File's latest report. There were five fatalities based on reported unprovoked shark attacks in 2017 worldwide*

So rest easy /u/A1burner1a! Your chances of being eaten by a shark are very, very low. Between the spider webs, the poorly understood 14 foot “sort of dangerous” sharks and no ladders out on the picture, I think I’ll pass. I wonder if this just relates to glass, which implies light transmission. Even lower if I stay safely on dry land, thank you very much. I like how they stress 'unprovoked' attacks. What are the numbers on provoked shark attacks? Who is provoking sharks, and why? What constitutes provoking a shark? This raises so many questions and I need answers. I can't argue with that logic! Maybe some people like to get messed up then go punch sharks.  I imagine this being an Aussie thing, for some reason. That does sound very Australian. Also maybe fun. I have only ever met one Australian I didn't find fun.  I love Aussies, they're good folk.  Would not want to face them in battle. 