Hey fam, I'm designing an ADHD app. Wanna help me out? I'm an aspiring UX designer and today I began thinking of designing an ADHD app and later finding a developer to build it. As someone who focuses on user experience and the psychology of human interaction with technology, and on top of that having ADHD myself, I can't see a better project to take on than this. ADHD is by definition a matter of brain functionality, and so it takes both a well equipped UX designer and a brutal understanding of the effects of ADHD on everyday life to produce an app that will help people like us. Without these 2 things, such a project will not turn out good results, so I feel excited and prepared to take on this project. 

Anyway, here's where you come in. I'm one person, one person with ADHD, but ADHD is different in every person who has it. I already have tons of ideas for this project, which I have listed below, but different people face different challenges. Here's what I have so far:

* Out of/Need More list: A list of household items that run out, such as food and toiletries, dog food... [chinchilla food](http://imgur.com/v78CGgo). When one runs out, you simply go into the list and check the item. I think it'll work better than a standard grocery list app because it will be nice and simple. It takes 3-4 clicks to check an item on the list. You can do that as you're throwing away the box, seriously, SUPER easy. Then when you leave work, you see the grocery store and when you go in, you know exactly what you're out of at home, the list is literally in your pocket at all times, nothing can go wrong. Actually, we're really good at finding ways to not do things but at least this is super easy and better than other methods (My mom still writes grocery lists with pen and paper HAHA what a noob).

* Social Notes: You add people to the list and write a note about them so you remember certain things on demand. I am absolutely, 100%, embarrassingly, terribly and awfully bad with names and birthdays. I'll remember anybodies face in an instant, but names and birthdays man..... never ever do I remember those. This isn't meant to be a contact book either, your phone already has one of those. This is only for people that are very important to remember certain things about, so some of your family and closest friends, boss and coworkers, etc

* Self-Improvement Tracker: This will be a more long term function that aims to keep us focused to beating our disorder's ass. It will keep a list of things we want to improve on, such as work speed, family time, getting to the gym, whatever, and will sync with the phone's calendar to take that part of the work out for you, except for the part where you have to tell it where working on these things fits into your schedule. Some stuff doesn't even need calendar info. The option is there though. But times get dark, sometimes we feel like we've been grinding for so long and haven't seen results. And that's why the tracker will also have a timeline feature to show how we've progressed over months or years. If you're successfully changing things about your lifestyle to make having ADHD less of a battle, then the timeline will show that and motivate you, and if you're not, it'll show events in the upcoming future posted by other people who use the app like ted talks or seminars or whatever, that are IRL near you or on the internet, so you can access those and take advantage of them, learn from them, improve from them, etc.

* Something about community: I'm not sure on this one yet but i definitely want to have us interacting with each other in uplifting ways. This sub is a great example of how people with ADHD are the best people to help other people with ADHD, and so if there was no social interaction in this app, I feel it'll really be missing out on something important and effective. How will I present a social interface in this app that allows us to effectively offer advice, comfort, and lots and lots of digital hugs? No idea yet but considering the amount of time I spend a day daydreaming, I'll think of something pretty soon. *Currently researching the possibility of sending real hugs via phone instead of digital ones ;)*

* Something like [habitRPG](https://habitrpg.com/static/front): This will aim to provide a reward system for various things done within the app. When you make a lifestyle change and check that off as completed, you get rewarded for it. In fact, a lifestyle change should probably get you a huge reward. Or you get knocked down for being late for work, STOP TAKING 30 MINUTE SHOWERS... But even as someone who enjoys gaming culture and what not, I didn't even like habitRPG too much personally, or I didn't give it a serious effort, idk, so it won't be exactly like habitRPG, it will just be an easily addicting system of behavoral recognition, and this will tie in with the community aspect flawlessly, so there's that.

* Super easy calendar manager: This seems typical at first, but as a UX designer, I look at the current state of things and hate them because they don't tackle the problem the way I want them to (I swear I'm not self-centered). here's google calendar on [desktop and on mobile](http://imgur.com/k3pgtc6,J7eb6S0#0). First thing that comes to mind... way too many options, ungodly number of options. I love google products, I use all of them, because they all work together and are super cool, but the calendar is too awesome for me to use. It offers something for every kind of event, but I just want to choose a date, set a description/name, time I have to be there (most importante), and if I want specific reminder times, those too. Nothing else is necessary for a simple, easy to use calendar.

* TODO LIST YAY: There's some wiggle room here, there's a few ideas I have to make it a special list, as in not so ordinary and more catered to ADHD, but they aren't worth mentioning right now. A todo list is in itself just a list, and a list is the most simple form of organization I can even think of right now. So yea, there will be a todo list of course. Nothing wild.

* Routine Manager: I want to add a function that is probably going to be the least used but it will basically be a checklist or time keeper of routines. So say your morning routine is simple. 1) Wake up 1.5) BREW DAT COFFEE 2) Shower 3) Eat 4) Start car (winter) 5) Take dogs out 6) Leave for work. The routine manager will have little tiny not so invasive notifications, or perhaps an updating notification, to tell you how you're doing on time. When you sleep an extra 5 mins and therefore the coffee isn't brewed yet, it'll ping or something when you're supposed to be getting in the shower and you'll look at your phone it'll have a progress bar that displays where you are in the current task, such as showering, and you'll be like oh crap I still have to brew the good stuff which means I lost like 4 mins out of my shower time. Seems like an efficient solution to this problem without just having 5 annoying alarms go off during your morning routine. But that's the time keeper design, the checklist design will be more interactive and can serve more purpose depending on how hard it is for you to complete routines. Because it requires you, the user, to update your own progress instead of the app showing you what your progress should be, it can scream when you're not out of the shower yet "HEY KNUCKLEHEAD, YOU GOTSTA GO, ITS TIME TAGOOOOOO", which I will personally record and include in the final product now that I think about it, because you probably have no idea what the voice to that phrase is and I do and it's hilarious and I'll purposely run late every morning if I could hear that. It's also better for more complex routines where there's a lot of things to remember, like you have kids or something, idk, I'm only 20, but the checklist is surely the solution for those of us will more responsibilities to take care of or more trouble being on time.



I have some more ideas but these are my favorites so far and now I'd like to hear from you guys what features would make for an awesome little toolkit. Even if you want to just make a suggestion for the above features or just little details that aren't actual individual features but mean a lot to the ease of use in the app, go for it. I'm making this with you guys in mind so it's all for you. You don't even have to have a suggestion, if there's a recurring issue that plagues your life because of our disorder, just comment it and I'll think of a way to provide a solution in this app.

Thanks everyone! Something I've been thinking of is a todo list type thing, where you can see only available actions at a time, and can take one of two actions on an item:

1. Add a dependency. If you get "Print out xyz form" and think "Oh, I can't print out that form because I haven't bought ink yet!" then add "Buy printer ink" as a dependency. "Print out xyz form" won't show up until "Buy printer ink" is completed. 

2. Complete the item. 

It's not a perfect task-prioritization algorithm, but it's probably better than my native one. It means that you don't see all the stuff you've completed, or all the stuff you already know you can't do until you've done other stuff. You only see the actions you can plausibly do at that point of time. 

ETA:

This is kind of a todo tree, or a todo graph, rather than a list in the end. But it's still *shown* as a list, and only as the relevent subset of that list. 

EDIT 2:

Rewards for success should be greater than punishments for failure, in the Habit RPG thing, by a significant degree. Otherwise it can be a punishment for actually entering information and keeping it up to date.

I *really* like the routines thing. Sounds pretty great.  Consider a mood tracker for those who are comorbid or who want to keep track of the effects of their medication. It can also ask about the strength of different symptomns in the moment. [deleted] Maybe add a social interaction part like, it's been two weeks, call so and so or text a short note. I made https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.slamtastic.donow.app which addresses a couple of the thing you pointed out (namely todo/routine/timing aspects). If you need to brainstorm further or want Android/web (I don't do iOS yet) feedback let me know. There's something amusingly ironic about posting plans for a big project in an add forum. Not insulting, just got a small chuckle from me. Reminders that aren't so easy to just turn off. 

Maybe task timers like "study time": 30 mins studying then a message pops up that says" great job! You deserve a break!" then break timer for 15 mins that says "take a breather, stretch, walk it out"  then repeat.  This can be for cleaning too! 


Am day preview and a pm recap of what you accomplished and what to add to tomorrow's preview  One thing that I found while playing games (for example, Borderlands) is that things like color coding can really help out when it comes to identifying and prioritizing items.  That, and also that (at least for me) small type and dulled colors tend to cause me to skip right over some text, at times.  Just a couple of things which might be worth considering when it comes to the UI.   I hope you're making separate apps. Otherwise this is going to be an enormous undertaking.


Personally, I'd love to have an app that sucks birthday-dates from Facebook and make me remember when someone is close to his or her birthday. I like the idea of routine manager and the calender. Out of the four people in my house 3 of us are Adhd. We all have different stengths and challenges, mine and my 14 year old struggle with organization. So we have lists at different check points to make sure we have what is needed. An app would be more dynamic as different days have different needs. Also, if my phone spoke to me it would be harder to ignore or forget as we stop seeing sticky notes eventually. 
The other tool I wish I had was a verbal one. Because I need to make a note while something is on my mind and current. If I don't then it's gone. If an alarm of sorts went off to me mind me to check said notes I would be ecstatic. 
Good luck with this and it's awesome! An easy to use Financial tracker.   I'll spend small amounts of money all day without thinking about it adding up and then when I check my balance its too late.  Something that's easy to track spending and alerts of erratic spending would be really helpful to me.  Good luck! My college roommate is an app developer. I've spoke with him about developing something like this. I can put you in contact with him or his company to work out the details. I'm not entirely sure but I know that this can get expensive. Just an FYI.  But I'm all for it and I'd love to see it happen! Hey, just wanted to say that I too am an ADHD-afflicted aspiring UX designer with the same interests as you. If you need any help or want someone to work with, I'd love to pitch in! if you do this.

Would recommend focusing on integrating cognitive behavior therapy approaches to any of the listed items above. Would not boil the ocean but focus on one feature that makes sense... In this vein, the market for to-do lists are somewhat saturated and probably wouldn't have the impact that your looking for. 

Also, wouldnt work this as an exercise in gamification, cause IMO that would not lend the subject the seriousness that people want out of an app like this. Please include updates with sketches as you go. I am interested in seeing them. I love sketches. The feature I liked the most was the  3-4 clicks?! You're insane! That's way too much for users to actually do it, ADHD or not! You want like 2 clicks. 1 for "shopping list", one for "add item".  From an ADHD perspective, tracking my actions and recording them down all day long (as in, for instance, updating my kitchen inventory) is just never gonna happen. 



What I do like about this idea though is the progress tracker. I think that's unique and workable for someone with ADHD who may forget/not be motivated to track actions all day long, but for whom updating detailed progress once a day every night before bed is much easier and really, more useful. 

Most of us don't plan our days down to the minute (like you mentioned the reminders for brewing coffee - I don't think it would be useful) but most of us DO want to sit down at the end of the day and be able to check off a list of actions that we were supposed to have done during the day, and see how we did. And maybe track the percentage of completion from day to day, which would help us adjust our goals for the next day...  THAT is the brilliant part of your app as far as I can tell and I would download it just for this functionality.
 What I desperatly want is a good "Getting Things Done" app. I've been sitting here all day feeling frustrated that there isn't a universal way of organizing all information we ever think of or come accross. 

The thing about GTD that most appeals is the emphasis on never trying to remember anything, but put it into a system that will remember for you. I think this is espectially important for us with ADHD, because our memory is particularly bad. 

Now, it should do more than just hold to-do items. I want to be able to capture any thought to remember later, before my brain forgets it. Maybe its a book reccommendation from a friend, or a neat website I hear about. Maybe a picture of a pamphlet for an event I want to go to. Contact info for people. It needs to be able to hold any scrap of digital information I might come across.

You mentioned, for example, something to help with notes like remembering peoples names. The sort of capture and organize system I want would allow me to create an entry for a person and populate it with contact info. Then later I can jot down a quick note like "Rosy likes getting balloons for her birthday" and when I have time later I can attach it to the rest of that persons info. Maybe do the same with a picture taken on a different occassion. The point would be to be able to quickly capture information before I forget it, and have infinite flexibility to organize it any way I want later. Some kind of easy backup system that will allow you to transfer from phone to phone  From experience and what seems to be a common issue in ADD/ADHD'ers is that of being hard on one self. Daily positive reinforcement, that will remind the user that they are doing well, and that others care for them, regardless of their self perceived shortcomings and that sometimes failure is part of a larger success.
 Or use some of the tips you can get from self-improvement books like Dale Carnegie's Win Friends and Influence People. 
Perhaps include some reminders for: Time for organization and time for reflection. 

Based on all of the suggestions I have read, and the ones that I have posted, if half the ideas are implemented the app may become cumbersome and a distraction to its users. So it may be better to have the app do 3-5 things well, versus 20 that will lead users down a rabbit hole.  OMG this sounds amazing. I have two MUSTS when it comes to todo/lists/calendar things.

* Color coding. I color code things based on the action required (phone call, web research, buy in store, etc.), whether it's for me or my partner, and also importance. 
* Unique alarm sounds. I cannot tell you how idiotic most alarm apps are with their ONE SINGULAR SOUND. Right now I use 4-ish different alarm apps just to segregate sounds for different purposes.  eh, later I'm a programmer so I'm available to help out if you need it. I would love to see something integrated in with a calendar that would disable certain functions of my phone when I have classes/meetings.

 It's way to easy for me to pull out my phone and end up on reddit during class, so I think it would be cool to be able to input my class schedule and then tell it what to turn off (like wi-fi, phone data, texts, etc...) during those times. Ideally, you would only have to do this at the beginning of the semester and it would disable said functions automatically when each of my classes start from then on.  Just another thought: This is a lot of functionality for one app, over a diverse range of things. I'd probably suggest creating a "family" of applications for this, so people can install one part (the routines, 

Additionally, it would make actually creating this much easier. You can create just the Need More as one app, for example. Test the waters, and get something released much faster, than an all-encompassing megaproject.  Adjustable routine alarms. My meds make it hard to sleep and I wake up at different times every day. I can set alarms for different things, but if I wake up later than usual, my whole routine is thrown to pieces because I feel like I have to play catch up all at once.

Ex. - Standard morning routine alarm list:

Eat breakfast 7:30
Make tea 7:45
Drink water 7:45
Get dressed 8:00

Adjustable alarm list:
(Press 'begin (morning) routine')
Eat breakfast appears.
Make tea & drink water pops up 15 minutes later.
Get dressed pops up 15 minutes later.

Then fixed routines that can be scheduled for doing a certain activity that doesn't happen everyday - doctor appointments, meeting friends, etc:

Ex. - 

(Press 'schedule a routine')
(Prompt (New routine/existing routine))
(Press 'new routine')

Name: Doctors Appointment
Start - Get dressed
(Choose time interval) Find paperwork
(Choose time interval) find keys
(Choose time interval) Time to leave

(Press (Schedule routine))

etc etc.

I know some of this seems like a lot of hand holding, but I think it's extremely important for the app to be usable for people on their meds, adjusting their meds, temporarily out of meds, and not on meds at all. There's a whole spectrum of functionality.

When I'm off of my medication I have to write a step by step guide for just making tea. I need a step by step guide to fixing a headache. It's crazy.


 Let me know when this is done!!  Please allow us to set one of those features as the "default" that is the first thing to open. When I need my calendar, I need it *NOW*. Have it run in the background, and pop up a notification that would say something like, "you've been using the reddit app for an hour. Get the fuck back to work!" That would be hugely helpful.

Also, location based reminders. The out-of / to-buy list is great, but that's assuming I'll remember to check the list when I'm at the store.  Have it run in the background, and pop up a notification that would say something like, "you've been using the reddit app for an hour. Get the fuck back to work!" That would be hugely helpful.

Also, location based reminders. The out-of / to-buy list is great, but that's assuming I'll remember to check the list when I'm at the store.  This is FANTASTIC!! :D Most important thing for me, above all, is security/privacy of the app no matter what it is. If it requires all kinds of privacy-violating permissions, requires I make an account w/personal info (that gets passed on to marketing and whomever else), etc no way will I use an app for something like this. 

However, if it is privacy friendly, uses encryption for any (optional) syncing, doesn't require me to use google's calendar, doesn't suck up my contacts, pics, etc. and has a paid version free of ads...

I would throw my money at you SO FAST!! :) Agreed on the family bit. We need a place where we don't get the negative social feed back, the side look, the long look, the confused look, the exasperated look, and worst of all the laughing "you are so funny". Ugh. 
The family app would be a dream come true. I can't count how many times my husband gives me a totally surprised look when I ask about our plans or an event for our peeps. I also would love  an "assistant" that could remind him or another in our family of events or grocery needs etc. In our house the role has fallen to me to the one  the one that checks that homework is done, meds are takenetc.  He has them after school, a very crucial time of the day for anyone, and it simply will not ever occur to him to prompt homework etc. we have been married 18 years and I know when I'm beat.
Aaaanyyyway,  this might be pie in the sky as an idea but maybe, even,maybe my daughter could enter her homework at the beginning of each week and a notification would appear on the family calendar.  If that happened he could prompt her movement.
This part of the day is very painful for a lot of working parents and if you provided a solution you would be a superstar. Kids and teens simply by how they are wired need an adult to prompt them. When grown folks get home and we are also Adhd and have spent 97%of our verbal and organizational resources just getting through our day, not to mention the medication drop, then it is really too late to push the train up the hill.
I think alot of us parents really feel pain over this.
For me, I think my kids could have done a lot better in school, they needed our support and involvement for this time of day. Alas, very few things in life are actually I our control, so we work with what we have right? 
On another gaping need entirely: if you feel froggy and have an idea how to address it, parents need a REALISTIC way to manage smart phone use for kids/teens. It is becoming a huge problem that our 14yr old cannot have a smart phone. The only reason we will NEVER buy her one is that teens are already unable to believe in consequence, but add to that the impulse control snd thrill seeking issues of the adhd teen and disaster is on its way.
I have yet to find an app that does anything more but put up filters that are way too obtuse. We can't find an app that allows us to control her wireless or data use. It's either on or off. If we change our wireless pass code [which is a whole other disruptive burden] then what is to stop her using data at a friends house or public place? 
The consequence for both her and us is that she can't hang out with people we don't know very well (new friends at school) because we can't trust her using a phone at their place, and we always made sure our older daughter (haha, the only one in the house not ADD) had a phone in case she didn't like the home or the people in it. 
Anyway, there are endless ways that all of us will suffer while she does not have a phone. 
I actually looked at the Samsung watch thinking she could use it and text but it works with your phone and is not it's own tool.
So, when she is 18 and wants to post to GW , it is out of my control. Meanwhile though I would like to keep the pedos off my doorstep and the sex slave trackers out of her school yard. Ugh.
Sorry if I overwhelm but if you solved this debacle you could make a lot of money and be worshipped by exhausted parents everywhere! As a software developer who has done a bit with iOS and has ADHD, I would be willing to contribute as a developer for an iOS app. I know *how* to design, but I'm not the best at it, so I just stick to writing the code usually. It helps me focus solely on the functionality. Of course, the amount of time I could contribute would depend on whether or not there's money involved. But I'm at least interested regardless of revenue. Can't wait for this! Make it accessible from the Internet to override volume settings and beep a couple of times so I can find my damn phone so I can use the app lol. I lose my phone so much. Oh and a calender n stuff like that I'm sorry, I don't have the time to read this. But I find it awesome! I will say the app will have to be personal to the user. For example, when I take my ADD meds I start a timer to know how long it lasts. I also color cordinate to recall better. Plus everyone has a work, home, and or school life, so to individualize per user, and per the part of their life would be great. I am good with feedback, so if you need input, I'd love to be a test subject.

 I would really like an out of/grocery list that gives suggestions, like if it could remember my cat food lasts ~6 weeks and ask me at 5 weeks "do you need cat food?" and I say "no" and it reminds me next week "do you need cat food?" and I say "shit yeah" and then it adds it to my list and reminds me in 6 weeks.

for the social/reward thing, what if you could post status updates and they could be either "intentions" which are good or "shit I got done" which are GREAT and the community could only give you kudos for "shit I got done"? like:

[Intention] I am totally going to go to the gym three times this week!
(and the community could leave comments on the status like "yeah man, do it, you'll feel great!")

[Accomplishment] I went to the gym FOUR TIMES THIS WEEK
(now the community has a motherfucking KUDOS BUTTON and you get a notification every time you get kudos! and they can comment too, but also kudos! and there's a favstar-esque page where you can see your top ten most kudos-ed posts and also the top ten most kudos-ed posts of the whole community!)

Basically make the social thing as much like ADHD twitter as possible and I will use the shit out of it.

For the calendar, I really like the way the iOS calendar app works. my only problem with it is that it makes events that stretch over midnight look more prominent than events that are contained in one day, so [three hour hockey games that start at 11 PM seem more important than 8 hours of work.](http://i.imgur.com/r65FJXd.png) I wish I could turn that off.

Also also if the app was attractive, universal and ad-free I would pay like $10 for it. Wauw I'm surprised at the big response. I have the beginnings of an ADHD app I developed still lingering on my laptop somewhere. I was writing a tracker you enter daily in the moment things into and it shows you how strongly sleeping late, working out or missing meds actually effects your performance. Its a way to find out how exactly you can 'beat your disorders ass' as you aptly put it.

Nice to see another person try to create an ADHD app! Suggestion for the option to have reminders pop up when you're in or near a certain area. i.e Drive past the shops and a remind to get milk pops up. Oh God, if you just made the calendar app I would throw money at you. I thought I was just stupid, but the digital calendars are way too complicated.  I can only use physical ones, but I lose them all the freakin time.  I've been considering learning to make an app for the same reason you have a routine manager. I have problems with being late in the mornings. Would like some sort of a timer with notifications (not alarms) to keep you on track. Ideally set up such that you put in "I need to be at work at 9am" and it has been preprogrammed to know your routine and give you notifications regardless of time you set it to "leave" Another feature that would be great would be a custom one time thing you need to add (ie slept at my gfs, need to add 10 mins travel time to get home before I get ready, or I need to take out the garbage every Friday)

I would be the first to buy it if you added this part.

Another useful thing would be voice to-do lists or even voice memos to yourself. I always get the best ideas in the car on my drive home and wish I could write it all down. But if I could voice memo it to myself I could check later what I was trying to remember. I have been looking into building an app like this myself. Let me know when you get to the dev stage. Echoing the sentiments of other developers on here, I would like to offer my programming skills for this endeavor! That being said, I'm still a student, and have never done mobile development, however I have 9 months experience in the professional field in C++ and Python. Keep us posted, and I hope to hear from you!

Edit: Would it be useful to establish a git repository and have a true community effort, or would OP prefer to pass it off to a single professional? Either way, I'm supportive. Well we have [a list of posts asking this same question](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/search?q=flair%3A%27appideas%27&sort=new&restrict_sr=on), so maybe this information will help you!  =)

Two things I'll add:

1. Make sure there's also a desktop/web interface for mass-editing access and general overview of the layout on a larger screen.

2. Make use of existing apps and sites; just link those into a more automated/useful streamlined overall app.  

  * For example:  One can use an existing calendar app to make a schedule, and most of those will let you set the location from your contacts.  It would be nice if it was automated to have Google Maps to give you a predicted travel time.  Another nice aspect would be to have a script that would *schedule* prompts to prepare for and leave at the appropriate time(s), and would also schedule the return-travel time.  And different alarm sounds that auto set for each alarm (four different ones for "15 minutes in advance," "30 minutes in advance," "one hour in advance," and "two hours in advance" for instance).

  * Another example:  People could schedule "30 minutes cleaning" in their calendar, and link that to the Cleaning To Do List, so people don't have to try to micromanage their own schedules.  

The desktop/web app would mean the screen was big enough for drag and drop arranging.  =) Amy news on this app? For someone who is developing an app. You're not going to get valid answers with a wall of text from adhders. Just something to put into perspective. Good luck!! I'm sorry, it may be that my attention span hasn't kicked in yet. It's stil 0:mygodit'searly. 

What platform was this intended for?


**Social:** 

If you're going to have B-day reminders &c, perhaps add in an ability to remind us to send greeting cards for b-days and holidays.  E.g. I have family overseas and need to send out a card a week or two before the date (I am *awful* with cards).

It may not be a contact book but, if for Android/iPhone, can it  *import* from the contacts, to speed up entry?


**Bills:**

Maybe a reminder for bills. Or have the ability to enter them as recurring and show on a task list and/or calendar/agenda (in fact a calendar that allows one to toggle and view tasks/to dos is good too). 
 That's a really awesome idea, it's hard to juggle tasks and the subtasks involved with those tasks, this just adds to my target focus of making it an easy to use app that organizes things for the user. Everything will be structured exactly like this idea where everything has a progression because having to sift through entire and multiple processes at once is too much mental clutter. 

Thank you for this, it will almost definitely be included in the design!  I think this is a great idea. Too many times apps focus on the ability to add sub tasks, but not that they have any dependency on one another. I can't fold laundry if I haven't washed the clothes yet, but I don't necessarily want to see both. I could really go for this.  That could be its own function too, wow. A whole part of the app dedicated to tracking medication use, like I know myself, I tend to skip days just cause I don't feel like taking it and fail to make that decision, which is ok on weekends or on free days, but not when I have school and need it. Awesome feedback, thank you This I set alarms but it's an only one and I can snooze it or turn it off. Then I forget to do what I was ment to YES good idea Do you think I should add this to the social notes function where the user can keep track of vip's?  Originally I was going to post it over at /r/web_design since that's where this would seem to fit in but when I thought about how it's literally revolving around ADHD, I decided it should be here haha, I felt the same though I can go off of a lot of what you said to add some more great details, thank you That's actually a really good idea. I like the accomplishments list! Something to feel good about even if it's daily tasks and stuff. Oh yes, naturally, colors are one of my favorite parts of designing, they can convey a lot in a subconscious manner which is fantastic, especially for us. Less identifying and decisions, the better Not really, it's just a toolbox with a bunch of algorithms and time based calculations, database stuff, blah blah. I've seen it done before in many different apps that weren't necessarily organizational tools, but still had the structure of this app where it offers a lot of functions in one package. In fact, compared to those examples I'm recalling, an app like this would be wayyyy lighter, there's no serious media load or processing power being used or anything, it's just creating a lot of objects, to put it in java terms, and assigning values to those objects, which it then uses to present specific information and assistance based on values such as date and time, priority, order of completion, etc. The most taxing part of the app is all the data it has to keep track of but it's mostly all numbers and letters.

That be useful, I haven't used facebook in a long long time, but I think it would be even more efficient to have it grab birthdays from a facebook list, where you go into facebook and make a list of friends like "family" or "close friends". Hundreds or thousands of birthdays to capture seems like an enormous undertaking, and would definitely use up a lot of storage space with the app. Thank you for the support, you actually gave me another idea to also try and find a way to link different members of a household with adhd to each other, so there's family support and the people that are closest to you that also share your problem can see where you are succeeding and where you might need a pickmeup, or sharing information that is better to have accessible to the group instead of each person individually. It's kind of like how I feel about this sub. I've spent so much time on here because it's helped me learn so much not just about myself dealing with ADHD, but how imperative it is to interact with others with ADHD as part of the therapy for ADHD, and that's why the title says hey fam, because I know I can come here with my problem that nobody else IRL can help me with and that I'll find a supportive group of people to listen and respond to my problem perfectly. Most likely, a family/household grouping would be part of the social feature, which I'm still far from deciding on how to structure. :s

But thanks, you're awesome! I love to burn money, not literally but might as well be. I'm like yeaaa finally got some saved up in my bank account, time to go spend every single penny of it. so yea, i agree, important feature, though it might be hard to make it as good as the money tracking apps out there now. I remember when the easy to use ones first starting popping up in the play store, they were a little more complicated but now we have ones like [level money](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.levelmoney.mobile) that have a nice balance between ease of use and having various features as well. I'll add it to the list and if anything, I'll design something easy to use, I just feel it may be too shadowed by what the market currently offers

Thanks! I'll definitely be interested in finding a developer to make this a real thing. It'll take a little bit for me to complete pre-development procedure since school is about to start up again and I already have 2 design projects on my desk right now. I'm weak in the coding department so I'm unsure what knowledge is required to complete this project but if he works for a company I think he should be able to build a function based app like this. There are a few issues/conditions that the developer will have to agree to, not to make it sound serious but there's a certain way I want to present this project if completed. You should show him my planning process here and if he's interested he can absolutely contact me to talk about working together. I enjoy team efforts so I look forward to possibly talking to him!  Yes! Once I get into the design phase and get some mockups and progressions together, I'll share them with you to get another UX take on this project. It really is going to be a UX focused design since that is what it'll take to truly be useful to people with ADHD, and 2 brains are better than one! Hmmmm could you explain cognitive behavior therapy, I looked it up and I kind of understand what it is, barely, I just don't know specifically enough to connect it to the app. To-do lists are common, calendars, alarm clocks, it's all been done, surely, but the depth I'll be going to make it psychologically fluid for people like us will prove to make the individual tools more effective than others on the market, and furthermore, all of these tools will be in one app and be integrated to work with each other, so even if the to-do list isn't the best possible to-do list for someone, it at least offers them a super friendly interface that also interacts with other tools  to create a way more polished and powerful platform than that of a competitor. Lastly, about the game thing, I was only referencing the habitRPG game for it's idea of reward and punishment for good behavior, but I do not want it to be like a game at all, it would not fit in with the rest of the apps functionality. The reward/punishment system will be more basic than that. I'm foreshadowing that it'll end up being a bit more like karma on reddit, but maybe a bit more complex than that, but I guess a bad explanation would be somewhere between habitRPG and reddit

Of course! I love sketches too, I'll hopefully sit down and sketch out at least half the app by the end of next week depending on what work looks like, and I'll post to this sub when I finish the planning process and present a fully completed mockup and progression plot made in Illustrator which will be the blueprint for the development stage, so there'll be another chance to see this project evolve into something beautiful! What I really want is an app that does the organizing bit for me. My Google keep app is full of dozens of these random things. 

In addition to, or maybe instead of? organizing for me, maybe just a really good "okay Google" type search function. For example, "hey, app! What should I watch?" would pull up all my TV/movie related notes, or "I'm going to so and so's house" would pull up any notes about that person. Or "what should I do next?" would pull up work tasks in order of due date. I bet that could work if you tagged them with keywords...

And randomly throughout the day in intervals of 30 minutes to two hours (but it has to be random or it won't work), it asks you what you're doing and you click "I'm fine, go away" or "wasting time, give me a better suggestion" and it picks a note from one of your categories or pre-made lists based on where you are, what time of day. So like if you're at home on a Saturday afternoon, it would suggest doing a load of laundry or something, but at work it would pick the top thing on your work list. Or you could have a third answer like "I'm sitting around being bored, help!" where it gives you a fun suggestion like a movie from your list or a craft project from my endless list of crafts I want to try. (Obviously have an easy toggle to turn this part off for sleeping or meetings or what have you.)

Holy Shit. I think I finally came up the perfect ADHD app for me. I'd pay fifty bucks for that if I could try it free for a month first.  I feel you on that, I can see it kind of being like google keep or evernote (maybe) where you can add multiple forms of information and data, but it'll be more centric around thoughts rather than media. So you can document ideas you have, recommendations of books movies, tv shows, games, etc but it also can organize those things into respective categories so when you go to see what that last recommendation you received and noted, you see all of the recommendations you've gotten in chronological order so you might catch something you forgot. Yea something like that, great idea I'm guessing you're a rooted android user ;) or you just change phones a lot. But yea, that's definitely gotta be a thing I've seen some apps do this to a rather disappointing degree, and there's also apps that do it to an unbelieveable and incredibly awesome degree, such as [tasker](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm&hl=en), and from what I found on [tasker's website](http://tasker.wikidot.com/plug-ins-and-3rd-party), they even allow 3rd party integration, so that's definitely possible. Although they have monetized it a good deal I feel that ruins the whole integration. I mean yea, it's possible to make multiple apps that communicate with each other, but the whole idea is to have one place to go to make the disorder easier.

As an analogy, android used to be criticized for being fragmented, and it still is. They've done a lot better, but one of the best qualities of the android ecosystem is the choices, there are so many phones to choose from, and before Apple copied Google, android was available on all carriers while the iPhone was not. There are low tier androids that don't cost so much, but at the cost of the most current hardware and power. There are the expensive ones that are pushing the envelope of mobile technology as well. There are phones oriented for business like the galaxy note and phones oriented for sport like the Kyocera Brigadier, which is pretty much indestructible. But what google did was they created an operating system that was the opposite of fragmented. Android is incredibly versatile and connected. Look at the first point made in this [medium article](https://medium.com/@ernopp/i-left-android-for-ios-and-instantly-regretted-it-dc2fd347ad46), called "Sharing Things Easily Between Apps". He hated the iphone because nothing talked to each other. He had to add so many steps to his process because the apps are barely allowed to interact on iOS. But in android, its built into the system for apps to be able to assist other apps using the Intents API. Now whenever you install a social app or a note taking app on android, you can be in your browser, press share, and every app that can possibly take advantage of a url pops up so you can use that url in an app and immediately apply it to an action, within 2 clicks. Things like that have began to define google products to a point where it has evolved into a design language, which the first thing i thought of when i heard the term design language was wtf is a design language... 

but things like that are the fruits of UX becoming an actual job, UX is a fairly new area of design, the psychology of the user is finally being considered to a paramount degree in which it has never been before. Simplicity and the design ethic of making everything fluid for the user and giving them exactly what they need in front of their face when they need it is a huge UX principle and so separating the apps into several is very counter intuitive. There are ways to design an app to hold many functions but still operate in a non-cluttered manner. 

The whole idea of the megaproject is to provide a megatool for people with ADHD so they don't even have to juggle several tools that they installed only to be given interfaces that don't make it as easy as it should be. We have picky brains, and bad interface design is just more frustration. 

Didn't mean to come off as condescending, that's just probably the most excited and intense UX rant i've ever made I'm trying to figure out if I already have your point taken care of or not. I believe the task/to-do list is better for doctors apointments in the context you gave, because a task can become a task process where there are specific things that must be accomplished before others can, so you would go to add a task, name it doctors office and assign the details, press next, it would prompt "Is there something you need to do before this?" and you press yes, add either get dressed or find paperwork, doesnt matter (you'll see in a sec), and the details to that subtask, and then press next, and itll ask again "Is there something you need to do before this?" and you can add the 3rd one you didnt enter yet and since it knows now that there is more than one subtask, when you enter the details it will now show an option to place it before or after the other subtask that was just entered.

Or when it asks "Is there something you need to do before this?" it provides what would look like an alarm clock page of an app where you can have multiple alarms, but instead of setting alarms you're creating the list of subtasks and organizing them in order by dragging them up or down.

Something like one of those 2 solutions I'd imagine.

Now as for adjustable routines (yes I went backwards) do you possibly mean making it so when you start a routine, such as the morning routine, there are more paths to take to completing that routine, whereas my original idea only allowed one predetermined path? So you can tell it I got somebody to cover my shift or class was cancelled and it asks when you would like to begin an alternative morning routine, which is predefined and you can then select among many different morning routines which you created for the various morning situations you encounter frequently, or just tell it hey I got nothing to do today, give me a noon routine to wake up to instead? I was unsure where you were extending on that part You may want to look into 30/30... it just does this, and it's a great app for routines.  Idk, I got some pretty damn good answers As someone with ADHD I rely on routines. If I miss something in my daily routine it really screws me over the rest of the day. Right now I use a calendar on my phone for keeping track of events and stuff but maybe a feature on the app that could help me with reminders like laundry, cleaning once a week. Because with ADHD if it's not in sight it's out of mind.   It would also be helpful to have leading questions.

Ex. - Adding "Print out form" to a to-do list gives a prompt that asks "Do you have everything you need to do this task?" Yes/No - No gives a prompt to add another step to the to do list.

And showing ONLY the requirements until the main task is doable would be super awesome. I have a big problem when I make lists because I see everything all at once - it's hard to prioritize and I get easily overwhelmed. Made some progress already, with an in-browser app built on backbone.js. Should have a packaged Chrome app running in a few days, at the moment I'm just ironing out some JavaScript kinks. Currently uses Twitter bootstrap for the CSS, because I hate writing CSS. I'll post screenshots when I get home.  I was looking for that on your app....a built in schedule reminder that is persistent, easy to use and set, and large enough for a large list of to-dos done daily.  Yeah that would be a great idea! I for one am terrible about not communicating with people I don't see regularly, which makes it pretty much impossible for me to stay friends with people who don't live near me or who I just don't see often. So it would be nice to have something like that to help users stay in touch with people =) Yes! Maybe an alert you can set for certain contacts that would remind you every week or two to call. Now that I think about it, it could be a calendar entry lol! Yes. At times I feel embarrassed about being proud of doing something "normal"  like remembering to change the kitty litter 3 days in a row. I'm like "Yes! I'm doing great!" and most people are like...  That's what you're supposed to do.  I've thought about an app or feature that would track where you spend money and alert you when you enter (GPS based) a store or ask you to record the amount spent.   It would at least make me pause before I swipe that card.   I don't know how to implement voice search, but this could be a project that me and my girlfriend could work on.  I like all of what you just described, thank you. I use google keep right now and all its done for me is created a huge monster that is just an endless list of songs and important event info and what not that I'll never remember and never be motivated enough to organize so I can use it. As I responded to one comment above, it'll organize notes you take into categories so you have those all separated easily, and it'll let you add or subtract from the list of categories so you can make it more flexible, which will tie into settings that could suggest things as you described witht he "what should i do" idea, which is a fantastic idea btw. Voice commands are really a huge leap for development though, and honestly, I plan on making this as free as free gets so we'll see what possibilities open up during the development process, but considering it's likely going to be a 2 man project, voice integration will be hard without a platform to easily integrate. Great ideas though, you've extended the app significantly with this feedback One of my favorite apps ever was a to-do list manager called Astrid. It did two things great: random reminders, and lists as tags. It would pop up with a cheery reminder to do something with a short statement of encouragement, *at random intervals.* It did a fantastic job of nagging you to do stuff without getting too overbearing.

The other really neat thing they did was rename tags to lists. So an item could be given any number of different tags, and you could filter by tags to narrow down all the items to what you need to look at at any given time. Then one day, in one update they changed the name of tags to 'lists', and that suddenly transforms the way you think about using it. Now I could have a list of all homework assignments in addition to a list for each class! Astrid is not the only app to have done this, but it is a great example of a conceptual tweak that really improves the usefulness of it. 

Unfortunatly, Yahoo bought up Astrid and shut the whole thing down, for which I will never forgive them!!! I jump between my android phone, my iPad, and my desktop many many times throughout the day. Good syncing is essential. Nah, too much trouble, but I wiped my phone a few months back and was surprised by what I could and could not save.  Truthfully, only one or two of the ideas in this thread are actually specific to ADHD. Everyone is struggling with keeping track of information and scheduling. But us ADHD people are the least well-equipped to cope with the nature of modern knowledge work, and so can't as readily compensate for any shortcomings in our todo/organizational toolbox.

Basically, if you can make an organizational app that works for ADHD, it will probably be the very best organizational app for anyone, period. Don't limit yourself to those with ADHD :) Let's talk concretes, because I am having some difficulty understanding what, exactly, the UX will be like on a fundamental level.

Let's say I install it, and I want to create a routine, a checklist that comes up every morning with all the stuff I need to do before I leave the house. I don't care about anything else the app does, just yet. What do I do to create this routine? Looking through this thread my immediate reaction is it looks like the plan for something after a year of huge feature creep :P

There is a huge amount of background work to even start on having all those features :S I'm in medicated atm. I didn't even attempt that... The routine manager would tackle that problem, it will have a way to set specific routine timings so it doesn't have to be a routine, it could be a weekly routine session on say Sundays to do the weekly laundry, make sure the dishes are completely done and a few other frequent but not constant routines. Unless there's more to it that would help commodate you?  Yes, that way organizing an individual process of tasks is all in one action, and it might remind you that you totally are not prepared to do that task yet because there's other tasks that have to be done first, as opposed to going in and creating a process group, adding each thing, blah blah, its just literally in the steps of adding it in the first place

nice I'm the same. I was very proud that I managed to do the dishes the night of instead of the morning after at least one day last week! I was also not profoundly late for work this morning!  Win! Yeah that would be amazing. Maybe even a function to add class schedules kind of like a calendar, planner, and routine reminder all in one app Yea totally, the class schedule app i use now is kind of ugly, and just like google calendar, a freaking pain in the ass to get everything entered in. I'll have to brainstorm over a way to make the schedule builder super easy to get set up. 

Haha what if you could just write down in a syntax like

Bio 156 * mwf * 10-1230

Eng 200 * tr    * 9-1130


for example, in like really neat handwriting on paper, and then you take a picture of it and it enters it and asks for confirmation to make sure everything is correct, and if it isn't, it allows you to easily make quick adjustments to what the picture interpreter got wrong before finalizing.

That would be sick. I'm not good at developing though so I have no idea how plausible that is 