Do you think the Windows 8 interface might be good for productivity? I'm wondering if only having one active application window at a time might help with keeping on task. Makes it a much more involved and conscious decision to switch from your word document or whatnot to Reddit. What do you all think? Having used Windows 8, I don't quite know what you are talking about. I'm actually concerned about that myself. I can't get any work done *without* multiple windows though. That is why I'm happy it will have a Desktop mode. I rather hate metro on a desktop computer.  It's great on a tablet though. Windows 8 is shit for desktops, it's not even worth it.

I'm using windows 8 as windows 7 now. Where the fuck is the start orb! "Oh yea, the start orb? No one uses that shit in windows 7, right guys?" - Windows development team.

Who will soon all be fired. I think I can't remember the last time I was working on a project that didn't require me to view information in one application while typing in another. So, that pretty much sounds like the opposite of helpful for the things I work on. Dear sweet Christ NO, No I don't. Speaking from a pure tech perspective, it would make for HORRIBLE productivity. Even considering it'll take more concious thought to switch applications, it's a HORRIBLE interface. Plus, if you need to work on a word doc...well, what if you need to do research?

Good luck getting to your damn web browser. You'll be MORE likely to want to stay there poking around once you get there rather then fight the interface back and forth...meaning whoops, not only did I forget to do my paper, I can't even remember if it's still OPEN because of Metro.

TL;DR - Art People should NEVER be allowed to Design the UI by themselves I have two monitors. Reddit on one, reddit on the other. 

I'm doomed. For being at work, no. I couldn't use it there anyway. I work a lot in CAD, and have PDFs of spec sheets, excel tables, and lots of other stuff open.

For home, maybe. My second monitor at home ALWAYS has either Twitter or Facebook up on it, along with my Skype friends list. No. If anything, it makes focusing harder.

Oh, I suppose if you're doing something where you have one, and only one application open for a long period of time, the full screen metro thing might help, but most productivity apps already have this feature.

But for me at least, I have to switch applications frequently. Due to the nature of my job, unless I have just rebooted, I have at least 15 different windows open.

The Modern UI (or whatever the hell they're calling it this week) pretty much sucks when it comes to juggling a lot of active programs. I suspect it *will* actually make a nice interface for a tablet, but it its utterly unsuited for a desktop.

And what's worse is switching between the Modern UI and the desktop. Context switching is never a good thing, but even after a month of using Windows 8, the switch still feels jarring. As much as I dislike the Modern UI on the desktop, Windows 8 would be much more usable if Microsoft would pick one interface, and stick with it.

As for me, after a couple projects I'M working on are done next week, I'm going back to Windows 7. Most applications you'll use on Windows 8 will use the legacy interface, and you can expect that for the next couple years. A cheaper experiment would be to run all your programs in full-screen when possible and see if that helps. 

In case you didn't already know, F11 will full screen many applications easily.  This is what xmonad is good for - my window manager on linux.

 The Windows 8 interface isn't good for anything Anyone know how multi monitor support works with Metro (if it works at all)?  >Art People should NEVER be allowed to Design the UI by themselves

OMG.  This.  This so much. You can have the standard desktop on one monitor and the Metro interface on the other. You can also snap both into two section on one screen (similar to the snap feature in Windows 7). If you choose to have both screens as the Desktop interface, each gets its own background and task bar...which is much much better than implemented in previous versions of Windows. Sheeeeeeeeit... Taskbar on all screens? Now you're talking!

^Especially ^coming ^from ^a ^person ^who ^has ^their ^taskbar ^on ^the ^monitor ^that ^likes ^to ^shut ^off ^every ^now ^and ^again...

((Does anyone know how to do that cool tiny text on reddit?))

EDIT: OH MY GOT I JUST FIGURED OUT HOW BY MISTAKE. 