RE:Deciding a college major with ADHD I was typing a response to this post when it got deleleted, but i had already written a response, so i still wanted to post my response incase it helps anyone else out there.

Original Post:
"I've burned out early this semester which sucks because I have 4 exams and 2 projects in the two weeks to study for and I'm rethinking my motives for wanting to major in Computer Science or a different type of engineering because I am just being way too hard on myself (I'm in community college hoping to transfer somewhere besides my local state school so I can't just be content with passing classes with a C).
On one hand the math gets interesting once I've put in the time to understand how everything works, but I don't see any real benefit of making myself take all of these hard classes. I don't even want to be an engineer, I'm just terrified of not having a good job to out of school since I've lived my entire life in low-income family (when you live with money problems for as long as I have, soon its the only thing you can think about when it comes to something like this)
I started the CS major because I really liked The Social Network and bought into the glamor of the tech internet startup space but there have been many times this semester where I have been miserable playing catch up with the rest of the class. I do have fun programming sometimes, but it's so hard to get started because of the whole ADHD/procrastination thing and it's not really something I dedicate a lot of time to get better with on my own
If I had to pick a major for fun it would probably be industrial design with a minor in accounting (or vice versa) since those are skills that would help me pursue my interests (starting a business, designing products and user interfaces, etc. etc.), but I also am too proud to think that I don't have what it takes to be an engineering/CS student. I've always been a visual person anyways (been drawing since I was a youngin) but to me there's no point going to college if I'm not going to be a doctor or engineer
This may not be ADHD-relevant per se but I've seen some horror stories posted on here about people who are in college for six years not close to graduating and switched their major X amount of times- or dropping out altogether -and I just don't want to be in that position"


my response was:
I am studying Product design, which is essentially interchangeable with Industrial design, and minoring in Business. I have to say I think it is the perfect combination for me, but there are often times I wish I had something more engineering focused, like mechanical engineering, but then I wonder if I would have been able to keep up with the rigorous math courses, because that has always been a problem for me. That's why I think design is great, because you get to build and create things, but you don't need to take as many math classes in school. In the real world, it will really come down to who you network with, and if you can convince a company that you are the man for the job, it becomes less important what you actually studied in school, as long as you can prove you can do the job they need you to do. I know many people who have studied things like architecture, but ended up getting an (slightly better paying) IT job, that would normally be a position for someone who had studied CS. I would worry less about the title of your degree and more about the knowledge you amass, and how you can prove this knowledge to future employers. try to network and make as many connections as you can with people in powerful positions, and you will be able to get a job where you won't have to stress out about money all the time.  if you want to get into design, use your computer skills to learn how to use programs like the Adobe Suite (photoshop, illustrator indesign), CAD software like Solidworks, AutoCAD, Rhino. if you learn how to use those, and create a portfolio of good work, you could easily get a good internship an a design company, or a design internship at a manufacturing company, and these internships are your key to a job in the industry, and they will like seeing someone who is that good at something they didn't even major in because you now know more about CS than other strictly design applicants, which can be useful.
Good luck, and do what you enjoy!
 Wow, the OPs situation really hits home for me, thanks for the helpful advice. Starting Cad degree next semester, but engineering/architecture could be down the road This! The specific degree you get is almost irrelevant nowadays; I mean going to college is important, but considering the number of other students going alongside us, having a piece of paper that says Engineering or Medicine not going to guarantee you the job. It's who you know and what you've done that's going to catch an employer's attention. Like you said, people with "lesser" degrees can often get a well-paying position because they are actually capable of doing what the job requires and have the potential to do even more.

To sum it up: The Degree isn't getting the job - **you** are. 