[WORK HELP] Good tasklists / Reminder software? Hello Friends,   


A little breakdown so you'll have a better idea of what might help me.  I'm 34, diagnosed and started medication in just this last June.  I'm still learning a lot about myself and still have trouble understanding my "new normal" and realizing the things I've done in the past and why.  Medication has helped me a lot but now I'm able to fully see the gaps and holes in my organization and productivity.  

I went back to school a few years ago and while I still need to finish my degree,  I was able to snag a job in my field.  I am an Engineering Drafter, although here lately, I've been given a lot of extra administrative duties (as that was my previous job history before going back to school) within the engineering department (acquiring samples, harassing our powder coater, etc) I'll have been at my current job for two years this spring.   I'm doing well (better since my diagnosis) but with my full plate of drafting and the added admin duties, I'm finding things slipping through the cracks again and I don't feel fully "adjusted" to my mental state (I'm now on the hunt for a proper therapist to regularly see).

I prefer paper when it comes to my schedule general life planning.  I use a whiteboard at work to jot down tasks but sometimes I get so "in the zone" that I forget to write things on my whiteboard!  Especially if I have several things coming in at me at once, which has started to happen often with these new duties. 

&#x200B;

sticky notes become background decoration (i never look at them!)  I've tried Wunderlist but the interface drives me batty.  Outlook tasklist feels like a text wall. OneNote is good to keep emails and things all together but I havent figured out if I can use it effectively as a reminder / tasklist tool.  I've found it easy to "forget" notebooks within the program. \]

&#x200B;

Any suggestions would be most appreciated.    
 Trello is pretty good, not sure how well it works for reminders, pretty good for organising things and splitting in to groups and priority etc, also it's free :) ohh, I like this so far.  Color coded!  Thanks for the recommendation.  I'll give it a spin today. 