Suppose humanity does go into more research and advancement of artificial intelligence, wireless brain-to-computer connectivity, and uploading consciousness... do you think those of us with ADHD would be better suited or more adaptive to it because we naturally have a higher mental processing speed? It was just a random thought. 

Has anyone read "Fear the Sky" saga? In it, they develop this spinal interface implant where you can send and receive data packets as well as enter the "infosphere"  and mentally manipulate interfaces on computers and shit. When they're first developing it, they had a huge interfacing issue and they solved it by some weird counter intuitive way by separating stuff with the left and right brain or something. I don't remember exactly how it went, but it was more of a right brain abstract thing in order to work it properly, which was an interesting take that differed from the generic paper to digitization type process every other scifi resorts to. 

&#x200B;

I just thought that if we were to do this irl, that a similar issue would be present and that it would be something that was obviously simple or counter intuitive like  in the scifi Saga I mentioned. It would be a problem that we wouldn't be able to work past for the typical neurological set up that humans have. I think that ADHD would actually be a bonus or be better suited for digitized interfacing. I mean, every thought we had could be logged and returned to at another time and date without any lost information. We would be able to make links and connections that most people don't çause that how our brain works. What do you guys think? Based on the crap coming out of the ex-silicon-valley giants it will be tuned to only respond to white cishet muggles, and we'll be locked out of the technology and it will be mostly forgotten by all society by the time they get through a couple of racial patches as each one gets viral on social media Since ADHD is primarily biological in nature, it might not actually translate to an uploaded consciousness. So those benefits may not carry over into cyberspace. Dear lord, I love you and your whole comment. I totally didn't spend the last 10 minutes laughing and agreeing with you. :) I don't get the joke. https://www.theinquirer.net/inquirer/news/3023199/apples-face-id-tech-cant-tell-two-chinese-women-apart

https://makingnoiseandhearingthings.com/2016/07/12/googles-speech-recognition-has-a-gender-bias/

Keep looking and you'll find more. Anything using computer pattern recognition (which this would have to) works well for whatever demographic makeup was in the group used to train the algorithm and tends to be shit at anything else. (In addition to the biases in the programmers' assumptions which tend to be based on their own social circle for obvious reasons). And since the silicon valley way is to deal with errors after the fact instead of proper engineering(which involves anticipating disasters before they happen), they won't even think about nonmuggles until there's a viral bit of news on the topic- at which point the fix is still an economic question for the company and not a sure thing The joke is that it isnt a joke.  