Smartphone apps to help I use the ADDA app (mood tracking, notes, a shit load of useful stuff holy crap), as well as Mindly (organize thoughts) , Forest (helping you leave your phone alone), and Routinist. 

Routinist isn’t amazing IMO but the tutorial’s user interface amazes me. Mindly is good for writing things down and keeping thoughts together. The ADDA app does practically everything, I’ve only had it for one day. 

What do you use? 

Edit: The app is from the ADDA, but is titled “ADHD health storyline”
[Android App link](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.selfcarecatalyst.healthstorylines.adda) Credit to u/MightyWolf13
[Apple App link](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/adhd-health-storylines/id982558011?t=8)  Hi! I actually wrote a whole series about this topic last year, but my apps have changed a bit!

I use Day One for journaling and mood tracking. If you want something strictly on mobile, Written Down is a great new app that charges a few bucks yearly rather than monthly. 

I switched from Bear to Evernote, but either one works great for note taking and storing ideas. 

Drafts has been the best app to help with ADHD, in my experience. Got an idea you wanna jot down before your spacey brain tosses it aside? Keep Drafts in your dock. Once you throw the words on screen, you can set up actions to send them to the proper app. I use it for texts, todo list items, story pitches, fiction ideas, tweets, and natural language input for Fantastical. 

Productive for habit tracking. 

Instapaper to keep track of the articles I want to read. Pinner (pinboard client) to store all my bookmarks in an organized way. 

I switch between Todoist and Things 3 a lot. For most people I’d say Todoist is perfect. 

 I've been using [Habitica] (https://habitica.com/) for the better half of a year, and it's been doing swimmingly for me. It's a "gamification" app, which by proxy means it has a good interface and a slew of feedback mechanisms to satisfy the brain. Tasks are categorized into habits, to-dos, and dailies, and you can set tags, difficulty, deadlines, and days of the week/month for the tasks you create. Also you can create checklists for each task, which is something I've started to abuse to the absolute max.

It's singlehandedly (well, that and medication) gotten me into a daily routine and allowed me to stick with it, something I've never done before. Also good for appointments, shopping lists, and pretty much any kind of objective you need to jot down, really. It's an app, but you can also use it from the computer, which is great because sometimes I need both.

Not an app, but I also use [MyInfo] (https://www.milenix.com/myinfo) -- which is good for making more detailed notes, reminders, and just general writings. I'm a big fan of the info-tree format, and I've been using this for years now to help keep track of my own thoughts. Do you have a link to ADDA, OP? Can't find it on the Play Store. This is really helfpul, thank you What is this adda app you speak of?! I see one in the iPhone store but it’s called adda apartment? Is it the same? Apps that I use:

* Tasks (to-do list)
* Calendula (reminder for my medicine and supplements)
* Nextcloud Notes (note taking app that syncs with my Nextcloud server) I've tried so many to do apps over the years but it just was really overwhelming having to check them all and keep up with everything. 

My goal is to save more time than the time I collectively spend on my tools that are supposed to help me save time. And to me, the various apps were just not working. 

I tried the bullet journal last year but stopped as well because I find that I still lacked a digital component. 

I also tried habitica for its cross platform capabilities, but alas that didn't stick either. 

I'm now using bullet journal for everything (habit tracking, chore tracking, shopping lists, day to day to dos, reflection) while using gcal to keep all my social obligations and need to do stuff organized. It's a great system for me, especially with me having the Apple watch to give me timely reminders. 

If I am on the road I just dump everything into the bullet journal companion app fit the time being. The feature that sets it apart from everything else is the "tasks disappear after 48h" thing. I love it and I actually get more done without getting overwhelmed by that red 5 notification or whatever that I don't get to for months anyway. 

This system was inspired in large part by watching how to ADHD talk about it and learning that the creator of the bullet journal also had ADHD.  

I think it is important to find the system that feels most comfortable for you to work with, that fits your lifestyle. Sure the process can be a bit of a drag, I just wish I didn't spend so much money on apps that never ended up working for me :P  - Google Keep, for notes and ideas and whatever. 
- Google Calendar
- Todoist
- Medisafe, for med tracking
- eMoods, for mood tracking
- Inbox by Gmail, for emails instead of Gmail
- Lifesum, for food tracking Link to series? I second that for Drafts. Also what’s good about it is you can have custom buttons that for example writes the time or date. Really good for logging quickly before the thought disappears from your head, it’s really a fantastic app.

I’ve also started using “Any.do” a bit as it has a nice feature that makes you schedule your todos. The only annoying thing is it doesn’t have the choice to make them as events only reminders so you can’t see it in your calendar. 

There’s also an app called success wizard which I used to do a lot, but I use it less now but still worth checking it. It’s kind of like a wizard as the name suggests (think windows install wizard) you give it your goals and t asks you questions and it really helps you plan and break things into chunks. Also has journal section. 

Also I use Siri a lot so much easier to make a calendar event or timer just using Siri. 

Omnioutliner is also a fantastic outlining app great for brain dumps  I think it's this one judging by the link op posted for the apple version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.selfcarecatalyst.healthstorylines.adda I’m rarely helpful, glad I could make an improvement for you! [Apple App Store link](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/adhd-health-storylines/id982558011?mt=8)  Thank you! I made an edit after realizing the app title wasn’t correct 