Tip: When reading an article/document/email/whatever, and you have the option to pinch to zoom, USE IT Seeing only the paragraph (or half a paragraph, or sentence) you're reading helps to cut down on information overload, and reduces what's in front of you to only a small chunk of a larger whole. You won't skip around, and are less likely to give up out of frustration.

The goal becomes the text that's right in front of you, and not the entire page. With every new thing you read, you're constantly accomplishing your goal, with lots of positive feedback. Having lots and lots of much smaller achievable goals reduces the chances you'll give up before accomplishing a larger goal. Even if that larger goal is reading a page of text.

As someone who has to do research for a living, this has been a lifesaver for me. You can use a similar strategy when writing. 

Also, lots of scrolling will add that extra bit of motion that some of us ADHD-ers need when doing something monotonous.

If you have a Kindle or similar e-reader, you can do the same. I do this too, and I noticed how helpful it is! Walls of text are incredibly jarring so it's nice to tackle them by only looking at small sections at a time. What is your advice for writing, though? I suck at this unless I'm on a hyperfocused mood Yes it helps a lot!! I still struggle with writing too. I do something similar where I zoom in/restructure the page so that the most I can really see is enough to fill up a single paragraph. If I see a whole empty page and I've only got one sentence written, I'm just discouraged entirely.

Also, same concept but for word counts: Setting a low but achievable word count per day. 50 words. 100 words. Whatever. Anything that I can do to get that little boost of "I did something."

Historically, I've done my best writing under ridiculously tight deadlines forcing me to hyperfocus. It's the only thing that's worked for me in the past, and I was constantly reinforced doing this all through school/work because I've gotten good grades/responses from bosses on the final product. But the stress is just too much nowadays for me to take.

So much of how I'm dealing with this thing is reducing my goals to absurdly small chunks. Thank you for sharing this. It sounds like something that I've had to do before to be able to get through texts for study. I would place a card over a paragraph that I've just read so that I don't keep coming back to it over and over.

I think I read things unconsciously thinking that I can or will reread to understand it fully, particularly if it's boring or difficult, so I don't pay proper attention right away and need to go back over it. Closing off the option of going back over it with something as simple as obscuring it as you go, makes your concentration more intense so you have to do less work overall. 

Similarly, when I am trying to copy across numbers, I don't front load my thinking. I leave even the smallest actions to a later me and end up copying the number digit by digit, which causes me to get lost and have to start again many times. I have to consciously remind myself, after a few failed attempts that it is better to remember and copy a chunk of a few digits than go one at a time.

 I am just realising that I may have inattentive type ADHD, at 26, because I never suffered at school aside from all my homework being last minute / late, but found it increasingly difficult to summon focus for study at uni, even at the last most urgent moment, as the work became longer and my failures mounted. Now I'm still struggling to confront and focus on mounting tasks big and small having failed out of uni and trying to start a business with my partner.

Finding it validating seeing other people's strategies that match things that I've had to do.
 Also when I make notes and highlight texts I often just end up highlighting way too much and copying across too much. I am afraid of missing out important info, don't trust myself to recall it, and am avoiding, again, making those front-end decisions about priority, leaving a later me to decide.  