Having a hard time letting go of a past relationship Hello everyone, I F(17) am a long time lurker on this page and this is my first time posting; so I’m sorry if my format is a little bit disorganized. 


Anyways, I got my first boyfriend M(16) July 2017 and we dated until mid February 2018. The relationship wasn’t that long, but we bonded very well and he was my best friend to say the least. I told him things about my life (my dad’s drinking problem, my parents divorce, my struggles with self-harm, etc.) that I have never told anyone else. 

In the beginning, the relationship went really well. He knew I had ADHD and was understanding at first, but I could tell it started to bother him. I put so much effort into this relationship but it never seemed to be enough for him. I tried really hard not to push my emotional trauma onto him because I knew it would be hard for him to handle, but he would always force it out of me because he wanted to help. 

It became extremely hard for me to balance everything- school, work, family, friends; but I still put the majority of my effort into this relationship. I truly just wanted him to be happy (and I still do) because that’s what he deserves. (He is a really great guy)

Anyways, when the relationship ended, I was crushed to say the least. I am not a crier or a dramatic person what-so-ever, but I bawled my eyes out for weeks and still do occasionally over this circumstance. I texted him about a month ago telling him that I have no hard feelings towards him and I wish him the best in everything he does and he replied with pretty much the same. Thanking me for being a great first girlfriend to him, telling me he hopes I find a great guy in the future, etc. 

I felt a huge sense of relief that I finally got a little bit of closure, but it still wasn’t right.

Every time I see him in person (which is pretty often, he works at the only nice grocery store in my town) it is really awkward. I even said hi to him one time and he just looked away. I have been trying to not let this bother me, but I seriously can’t stop thinking about it. I try to focus on my schoolwork, do a simple task, watch a tv show, but he is always in the back of my mind. 

This really just sucks because I know if I could have managed my ADHD better, we might still be together and we would both be happy. I truly think this disorder ruined my relationship and I want nothing more than to get over it. It’s been such a long time since we broke up too. 

I’m really sorry for the long post, I just needed to get some things off my chest that I can’t tell my friends or my parents because they don’t understand how my mind works all that well. If you have any advice or words of encouragement it would be greatly appreciated. Thank you. 

tl;dr: boyfriend broke up with me 8 months ago and ADHD is making it hard to move on. 


 Time has been a savior of many devistating ills in my past. Just remember to live in the moment - not the past nor the future. Eventually this will seem like a distant memory. it’s gonna be alright. my girlfriend friend broke up with me in may and i’ve only recently been making genuine progress towards moving on. you need to be honest with both yourself and him. first off, do you still have feelings for him? telling him that you hope he finds a great girl means that either you don’t have feelings for him or you want to use reverse psychology to make him he’s made a mistake. if you were truly over him you wouldn’t feel the need to text him at all. if you do some soul searching and find you still have feelings for him you should tell him and that it will be too difficult to be friends with him, and then tell him that you wish him the best. if the relationship is meant to be he’ll have to have the time to reflect and decide if it’s something he wants as well as you. you don’t want him to get back into a relationship with you because it’s important to you and convenient to him, you want to feel that equal sided love you felt in the beginning again. after you tell him you need space, work on yourself and become the person you need to be in order to be at peace with being single- which really means work on your self-esteem. once you realize the voice in the back of your head isn’t chanting his name and is chanting “what’s best for me?” you’ll know you’re starting to move on  Something that helps me move on from past relationships is to remind myself that I have no control over the past and that it's pointless to worry about it. Instead, I try to think about how much worse off I could be, which helps put things into perspective and makes it easier to look forward to the good times the future has in store.

Hope this helps. It's not just the ADHD that is making it hard.  Your first love will always be that, your first love.  Someone that you will always remember, be it a good relationship or a bad one.

You just need to give yourself a chance to move on from him and form a new relationship with someone else. He has moved on, and so should you.  

You're young, so you probably haven't experienced this yet, but you will come to find that exes end up being in your circle of friends for longer than your relationship lasts.  It's just a fact of life that you're going to have to figure out how to adjust to.

Good luck. Your first love will often be the hardest to move on from, whether you have ADHD or not. Don't blame the fallout on your ADHD. It is part of who you are as a person, so if he couldn't accept you and be patient, do you really want to be with someone like that down the road? 


He has moved on and got a new girlfriend. It doesn't matter if they're fwb or he actually loves her, please stop looking at their social media and comparing yourself to her. From my experience, it'd help a lot if you deleted all the texts and photos and gave away all the gifts from him. Go shopping for new clothes and undies, try a different style, or get a haircut. Once you feel sexy and confident again, you'll more likely want to put yourself out there. Replace old habits with new habits, such as texting your friends in a group chat all day, volunteering at an animal shelter, trying out new food or restaurants, etc. As time passes, the more you live your life with these new habits, the more you will get used to not having a text every morning saying, "Good morning. I love you", or not calling that person every night to tell them how your day was. And then one day, you stumble across your ex in the grocery store and you hope he's doing well and nothing else. That's when you know you're over him.


It hurts to speak of someone in past tense when you used to see them as your present and your near future. From my experience, when you find a new person that is right for you, you aren't even going to remember the boy who broke your heart when you were 17. It’s tough to move on from what could’ve been, but there’s good in goodbye. 
 8 months isn't that long I know what I'm talking about.... Just give yourself more time and meet new people. Thank you for your response and I’m glad you’re starting to feel better about your breakup! I probably should have said this in my post, but he has a new girlfriend now so I want to respect their relationship and not talk to him (even as a friend) because I think that would come off fishy. You’re right though, I just need to focus on myself right now.  Thank you, it did! 😊 Wow, this truly did open my eyes. You’re completely right, I need to get out and do new things and become more confident in myself- because honestly, I know I’m a great person and I will find someone worth while and who can be patient with my ADHD. Thank you so so much this gave me so much motivation you don’t even know.  