Can't process written information + hard time retrieving it. So , here is the thing . I am a student at technical university . I knew all my life something is wrong with me , but I only got the answer at the age of 28 , when I got into university (excellent age to start studying :) ) .
I took concerta and it helped me get excellent grades,but it just fried me so hard ,I don't want to use it unless it is world class emergency . I am excepting I have ADHD , and I understand that there is no point in banging my head up the wall  - I don't lie to myself anymore that today I will be productive . I know what I will do without meds .

So ,I try to work around it . I downloaded app that blocks the internet ,so I can't study using my PC without surfing the we . But , another problem I notive now . 

As I painfully punch the study hours , it seems that I read the text and reread the text and reread it once again . But nothing is registered . As if some link broken and I just can't process the info ,even after a lot of time reading the same lines over and over and over again . 
After I somehow understood what is asked of me , and I read the solution , I cannot later retrieve it from my memory . 
Offcourse ,no such problem on meds , on meds I am a freeking genious . I need to write the solution one time,then try it myself ,and bam ,it is inside . On the exam ,given similar question I remember it in a heartbeat . Now,I can't remember problem and solution I've read 5 minutes ago . 
What is the "go around" solution  ? Someone has it ?
Thanks in advance guys .   I have the same problem, people think its very strange. I have to hear and see things to retain the information. Like my brain can't properly interpret written directions.  This was a huge challenge for me when I had to take online classes, the school didn't offer them on campus. Sometimes I try reading it aloud to myself but that doesn't seem to help, for me anyway.  I haven't been on meds for over 10 years, maybe I should consider them again. But for the most part I watch youtube videos about the topics. I just find lectures from good schools. Also I had to hire a tutor to do the homework with. It was also suggested to me that I should record the lectures so I could listen to them again later. I just do whatever I have to to make it work.  I really hate that disconnect in learning.  Well ,let's say that you have course without videos ? What is your go-around tactics ? 
Also,what is the reason that happends ? That bugs the hell out of me . Funny thing is ,that dissapears when I smoke small amount of weed,I can remember things , I can make connections and I'm concentrated more . Weird stuff . Too bad that I can't actually retrieve from memory stuff I learned that way . When Im not stoned,that memory is not vivid at all .  I sometimes think if I could read things, understand, and learn from that I wouldn't even need schooling.  Most of the time my course doesn't have videos. I search the topic online and can find lectures from others schools like Harvard or Stanford, where ever. I usually find them on YouTube. 

I really don't know why there is this disconnect, but I know I have to work around it. When I told my school I was struggling to learn the concepts on my own they referred me to online tutoring references, that was so frustrating. That is no help to me at all. I needed a person I could speak with. I hate trying to explain what I don't understand in an email. Takes them 2 days to respond back "I don't understand what you mean" 

 I think when I am confused my brain shuts down. Its a defense mechanism from my grade school days. People can be very cruel when they get frustrated with you. I learned ways to torture the mean teachers and that was one of them. 

Even with GPS the fact that there is a map on the screen is helpful to me because I will sometimes misinterpret what it's telling me to do. Turning right, veering right, slight right, turn 400 feet, I have to look at the map. 

Personally I have never used drugs like weed so I can't comment to that.  