How have you adapted to your working memory problems? I dunno how many of y'all have working memory problems, but it's probably a lot. This question is for those who have serious working memory problems but who have found ways to overcome those hurdles. I have great difficulty holding tiny bits of information in my head for more than a few seconds, and it's an intensely frustrating bottleneck to my ability to read and learn, two things I love to do but utterly suck at. I'd love to hear your stories about how you became good at things that working memory limitations once made you bad at. I write everything down. I'll forget things immediately if I don't make a note. Also, reading and learning... Sometimes I read out loud or mouth the words - this seems like it helps with retention for me. Like the extra focus and effort to brings my mouth into it helps my brain retain what I'm reading. I often have to read pages twice.  For the quick daily things my cell phone camera has been my life saver. If I need to remember a parking stall number, I take a picture of the number on the ground. Value or slide from a meeting? I take a picture.....same with a white board. 

&#x200B;

For longer learning things. I write things in color. seeing different colors spread across a page for notes makes it easier for me to take in. I also write first draft notes, and then immediately sit down and reflect and make a second draft.  I learned a while ago that I'll retain information much better if I say it out loud. I know that sounds weird, but for planning and scheduling, I write everything down on my calendar and then I verbally tell my husband what we're up to that week. It works for other things too. If I listen to a podcast, telling someone about what I heard helps it stick so much better. I'm sure there's science behind it... One weird thing I do is rip off a square off paper and write down something related to what I need to do on it, like a name and phone number. I need to call John about changing his appointment time. Then I do not let the paper leave my hand until it is done. 

Phone rings and I get distracted answering questions. What's this paper in my hand? Oh right I need to call John. Someone calls me over to ask a question. Answer the question, now what's this little note I'm carrying? Oh, yeah call John. Walking to the phone and I hear a loud crash - run off to clean up the spill on aisle 7, little paper clutched in hand together with the broom handle. Why am I still holding this paper. Oh my god.  Usually rereading and repeating things until it sticks or I don't need it... It sucks I use Google Keep like my life depends on it.  I keep a physical diary, and write everything in it that I need to do. I found that if I have appointments and stuff written on pieces of paper or appointments cards, they get lost, same with things like shopping lists - I'll write them, and then leave them at home.  My diary stays in my bag, so it goes with me everywhere. And yes, it took a while to remember to put my diary back in my bag if I write in it at home, but that was an easier thing to get in the habit of doing than trying to rely on remembering things from memory or remembering to put a piece of paper in my bag. Every morning I check my diary to see what I need to do that day.   


My partner says I'm living in the dark ages and why don't I just use my phone, but I've tried that and it just doesn't seem to work as well. I don't know why, but it's just not as efficient.  I use the alarm and reminders apps a lot, and google calendar which my partner and I share with each other. I make sure if I say I'm going to do something I make a note somewhere on my phone as a reminder. Usually works well! Usually. 1)say it out loud for the little stuff.
2) if you work on a somputer. Multiple monitors. Set them up so they work like one big space and spread your shit out. Not having to click back and forth is amazing for the old deficite noodle. If I forget a thought or something I said I don't try to remember it, I try to remember how I got to that thought.


Using context to remember helps a lot. If I'm listening to a conversation and have a desire to interject something because I'm sure if I don't say it I will immediately forget it, I cross my fingers. I think what is happening is I am giving to my fingers the gist of the idea - I don't even know how to explain it, but my fingers represent the idea I'm trying to remember in a physical way. on a rare occasion, my fingers won't hold the idea well and I will forget what I wanted to say by time I get the chance to say it, but, like a "bookmark," I can often remember what was being said that triggered my desire to interject. I got this habit from my mother (and always thought that's just what people did to help themselves avoid interrupting, but now people look at me like I'm batty when I do it!), and clearly she has some of what I have. I’m sure I have hacks for this and will remember them in a second (lol!) but honestly the main thing I’ve done is just accept it. Like, no, I will never in a million years remember a street address or a phone number or anything like that. So I act accordingly.  When I remember to do them, some form of dual n-back training (or even higher channels like a quad 2-back), while a little controversial does appear to have a little bit of lasting effect. I always have a piece of paper and a pencil on my desk that I use as my buffer. After a couple days it’s usually time for a new sheet.  Like most other commenters I say stuff out loud. I can never remember if i've had my meds in the morning, but i started saying "Today is [____] and I've taken my medication" after and then later in the day when i'm like "WAIT DID I TAKE THEM" i remember saying that and it's all good
I used to use an app but i just stopped using it for some reason. I don't know why haha. It wasn't that great anyway

I like to write stuff down as well, we have a white board thing stuck on the side of our fridge with the next 2 or so weeks schedules written on it like meetings, vet visits, work, bills that aren't direct debit etc etc which is super helpful! Writing stuff on paper usually gets lost everywhere though, but I do a small thing of sticky notes, the long kind, not the square kind, and not the whole stack, maybe 20 pages, in my wallet (it's actually a passport wallet so it fits a little more than a normal wallet) and a pen to write random shit down.

I also text my partner a lot with important stuff and include a weird keyword that I don't use in texts that much. Then I can search the word and find all the texts and thus the important stuff with the ~keyword~ in them instead of scrolling through a bajillion texts The notes app on my phone, the calendar app and the alarm. I have constant reminders and notifications going on. Problem is I also have instagram, reddit etc on my phone so they tempt me everytime I unlock my phone and lead to 40- 50 mins gone on social media before I realize it. So I donwload the a focus upp that limits the usage of  "time wasting" app to about 20  mins a day. I even had to restrict google play to 5 mins because if i go there once all the fancy images and stuff lead me to browse for hours.... I wrote everything down, then I’d forget to check but I recently got an alexa and I’m finding she’s so useful for me to just take notes, remind me, and play triva games when I’m doing something really boring I do this too! I’ll often just talk my self through things, so I’ll verbally run through my schedule while I’m driving, or explain to a friend about something I learned in class and then I’ve totally got it. I also always study by having some one ask me questions from my notes and I’ll explain back to them whatever they’re asking me about.  I just checked this out.  This is cool!  It's a lot more nimble, easier to work with than MS Notes.  But I really like MSNotes as a notebook. 