Just a 20y/o girl’s ADHD rant. Kind of long, but I need to talk to people who actually get it. Hi everyone! I have really enjoyed reading your posts on here in the short time that I have had my account. I’ve never really met anyone who could understand my ADHD struggles, so it is incredibly encouraging to hear all of your stories; even the struggles!

I was diagnosed when I was 4, and have been on at least 7 different meds that I can remember. It is frustrating going back and forth between different meds, trying to find the right dosage and what not. I could go on and on with that story!

I’m going into my senior year of college and I feel like for the first time, I’ve started to get my life together. My boyfriend has really helped me stay on track of things and encourages me to keep my daily life together. Since school has ended, I stopped taking my meds regularly (10mg Adderall) because I normally just need them to focus on school work. But this past week it seems like everything is just getting all messed up.

I am a RA at my school and I love my job. Earlier this week my best friend (also an RA) called me and asked where the master key was to the building (with access to over 220 rooms) because I hadn’t turned it back in. If anyone found out that I forgot to put the key back, I not only would have been fired, but I’d have to pay at least $3000 to have all the locks and keys for the building replaced. I have never made a mistake like this before and thank god it was my best friend that caught it.

Last night I realized that I couldn’t fine my “pouch”- an extra Vera Bradley make up bag I had that I use as a purse. In this pouch I typically keep: lotion, my favorite perfume, floss, chap stick, glasses wipes, a pen, a notepad, tide to go, a nail file, gum, etc. However, the missing pouch also had my grandma’s car keys (a nice 2017 Mercedes), and ALL of my keys: student ID (access to the building) along with access to the office and access to the master key. This was essentially much worse than just accidentally  keeping the master key on me. So before I went to bed, I looked EVERYWHERE in my apartment to no avail. Bed, back pack, drawers, kitchen counter, under the couch, in the fridge, etc. 

I just felt SO defeated. I have come so far and seen so much progress in myself, but I know that no one else in my life would ever be able to notice this progress. I haven’t really lost anything important in years. It’s like just when I think I’m finally better and that I’ve grown up, I just mess everything up. I guess I just keep hoping my ADHD will go away one day. And then once I’m down on myself like that I start picking at every other little thing that’s wrong with me.

Anyway, my boyfriend called me this morning and told me when he woke up and rolled over, he found my pouch. In his bed, under my pillow. 🙄 So after a LOT of stress and self frustration, it’s all good! Thank you for reading my post, please feel free to comment your thoughts and similar experiences 🤗

Also, I hope this followed the rules appropriately and was ok for me to post! Hey, being hard on yourself is not the ideal way to move forward. We all make mistakes. Breathe in, breathe out, say "I'll try my best not to do this again" and let it go.

Once I forgot my phone in my room and locked myself out of my house on a weekend that my roommate went to spend with his parents. Luckily I had my tablet which doesn't have data or text but I could use it to connect to wifi and email my roommate. It was night and cold. I went into the shed and by the grace of God my roommate had a sleeping bag and a full length fold out chair thing. I actually could've comfortably slept there  but I decided to go ahead with the email to my roommate. I said"hey I locked myself out but you have a comfortable chair and sleeping bag in the shed so if you can't get here tonight it's OK lol" he replied that he knew this was gonna happen so he hid a key outside. I replied that I got it and was inside but since this is email and not text he didn't get my message and drove back anyway to make sure I got inside even though he freaking planned for this like a pro. Felt bad for messing up his weekend but my adhd brain had fun camping in the shed for an hour  I loved ur rant, ur boyfriend is a pretty amazing guy helping you stay on track and what not, today i lost my keys for a bit, and i wanted to beat myself over it i figured it wasnt the end of the world. Good look with education and the rest of your future ans such things My husband is more likely to know where my keys and phone are than I am! You're lucky to have one who can keep up with your stuff too.  Your roommate is a real bro Omg I’m glad everything worked out for you! Thank you for sharing, you do have an awesome roommate! Thank you!! 🤗 