I replied to three texts and put away dishes in THE SAME DAY only after practicing kanji for about 10 hours and reading a book about human centered design and playing 10001 games of mtga

completion of passive and maintenance tasks still count as accomplishments 

completion of passive and maintenance tasks still count as accomplishments

completion of passive and maintenance tasks still count as accomplishments

completion of passive and maintenance tasks still count as accomplishments

not enough

haven't seen a live human face since sunday

at the point where loneliness feels like a bruised sternum

hugged my warm fresh laundry, almost got a hit of oxytocin from it

doing life wrong, but there's a lot of street noise in my room, forgot how to take care Warm fresh laundry? Sounds like you left off something you got done today!

Really though, checking off some boxes is still something to be proud of, even if there's a shitton of boxes you can and should take pride in the filled ones.

Reading your post I couldn't help thinking "either I need to sleep, this person needs to sleep, or both", make sure you sleep! Good brain days are so much harder if your brain is already playing catch-up.

If you want to say hi, check in, or talk self care, my inbox is open. Good work getting that stuff done today! \> practicing kanji for about 10 hours 

Hey, that's not nothing!

It might not be a maintenance task but it's improving yourself and you should be happy about it. I spent 10 hours today shitting around on Reddit, you spent it learning and improving in a language. Even if it's something you enjoy or something you were using to procrastinate, pat yourself on the back. Go somewhere crowded, even if you don't talk. That tends to help my loneliness. I’m happy about all of your achievements, but you deserve a special well done for practicing all that kanji! I initially started learning Japanese in 2015, and I’m pretty sure if I was consistent enough from then, I could’ve at least been able to know enough to talk to people if I went to Japan. But nah, studying a language requires too much mental effort and I’m pretty much still at the same level I was when I first started.  This is awesome!!! More than what I achieved today! You can message me... I’m still learning about ADHD but I understand loneliness and it is, well, the very worst. This post put in to words everything that’s been in my head the past few days. Thanks for this. 
  > completion of passive and maintenance tasks still count as accomplishments  
  
Oof. Who teaches you this? I could do with telling myself more of this stuff. This hits close to home. Good work dude!  I do this XD. My appetite for WaniKani reviews is unquenchable. Yeah that's fucking amazing, how is that nothing! That's learning, that's work, that's completing something! Normal people couldn't sit and practice kanji for 10 hours if they fucking wanted to, practicing kanji is hard! Good job u/sonic_snake! Sit in a cafe and people watch! One of my fave things Try using https://www.memrise.com/, that's what made me do it daily, I've stopped doing it daily now but I plan on starting with it again. It gamifies it, and 10 minutes a day is enough to get progress! 

It also lets you set a daily goal, so if you play ~5 minutes every day it keeps count of your streak! There's also a personal character that levels up as you get more points, like a ranking system.

I recommend having a fixed time you do it every day, not a time as in 07:30 but instead do it "after you've done X", for example "play 2 rounds of reviewing and 2 rounds of learning, first thing after i get on the bus to work" (being very specific helps me at least), and you can adjust the durations of each round (how many words you learn per round) how many points you have to continue the daily streak, and you can exclude some types of tests that you don't like.

(Memrise is better than Duolingo in my opinion, Memrise also allows community and user-made courses, so you can learn fictional languages, or just specific parts of certain languages, like the 100 most used German verbs)

I sound like a walking memrise commercial but ay, it really helps my brain find learning fun 