Do any of you often leave your partner on “read” accidentally forgetting to reply to their messages? TL;DR- I’m bad at remembering to reply to texts and boyfriend is getting frustrated. Help

I’m not even sure if this is an ADHD thing but I always assumed it was. I tend to just open my messages mindlessly or while I’m busy. This is usually because a notification pops up and my brain just goes “ok click.” And then I click right back to the thing I was doing before without any hesitation. 

It’s rare that I’m acting with intent when opening a message and even if I am, I usually am not able to gather my thoughts so I’ll make a note to “come back to this” when I can conjure up a “thoughtful” reply and then I inevitably forget.

Anyways, my boyfriend knows I do this and he hears all my friends make jokes about it and I’m pretty well known for never replying but I try my hardest to do it with him. 

Even in doing that, I’ll forget and leave him on read about once a day. Understandably, this gets frustrating when he sees me tweeting or interacting with people 30 minutes later and I still haven’t replied to HIM. 

Very often, I don’t even remember having had opened his texts. 

You’d think by a year in, I’d have this down but I don’t. 

He doesn’t freak out (obviously) and is rather patient with me in general but this particular habit is something I know really bugs him and I get it. I think he even takes it personal despite knowing I never mean to purposely ignore him. 

I feel really bad and this is one of those ADHD things I beat myself up for a ridiculous amount. Even outside of him, I think it’s a let down to friends and family. ESPECIALLY when the text is urgent or important or they require emotional support. It all makes me feel like an asshole and sometimes I think they’d be a lot better off if maybe they just found some body more reliable in my place. 

I just don’t know how to stop it. Help. Do any of you guys deal with this? Tips?  I leave everyone on read. Constantly. But i hate when people do it to me. Weird. I use WhatsApp pretty exclusively, and it has an option to "mark as unread" that I use alot if I cant answer a text right away. I think my phones messaging app (android) has It too I do it. A lot!


What has been helping:

• Therapy: there was more than ADHD, I was avoiding some things

• Getting the habit to answer all messages 3 times a day
(Seen and answering latter is WAY better than not)

• Explaining to the significant other our struggles 
(Maybe even showing this post or videos from how to adhd)

• Getting the habit to call: we are bad at having a attention drain in our pockets. If you can solve everything at once there will be less things to distract us

•Turning off every single non important notifications (Emails, facebook, etc). This way you will start to recognize every notification as an action, and not an information 

• When not doing something else: try to answer right along. Voice messages can be life savers

• Telling people that you do not do well with messages and that they should call you if it is urgent  A rule that I've developed is to answer right away. Like, stop what I'm doing & answer. If I can't, I don't open the message.

This doesn't always work but it does for the most part because the little notification doesn't go away. Yes. And I never know when it's going to be "on read" or answer them back right away. There's no rhyme or reason.
 If I'm not ready to reply right away, I type a space or two before switching applications. That way when I go back to my messages later I see the little red 'Draft' notification for that person. I may still leave it longer than I should, but at least I don't forget entirely.  I currently have 110 unread text messages. They pop up on notifications and I never open them after reading them. That's actually a huge improvement on before where I had like 600. If only I could not answer my hospital pager in the same fashion... ugh. I have no advice to give.  Only to add that it's a running joke among my wife, friends, and extended family that I am the world's worst text replier. 

If I don't reply to a text immediately, I'm not going to reply. It's been accepted at this point.  Constantly. Emails, too. 

Medication helped. I also got in the habit of intentionally not opening texts unless I planned to address them, and having specific times when I check texts and emails. This is a work in progress but it’s helping. My friends and family pretty much understand that I don't text. I don't think it's an ADHD thing, I just hate texting. It takes like a solid minute or even two to type a text message on a phone, so I just don't do it, it wastes an enormous amount of time texting people consistently. I consider the read message for them to be an indication that I've read the text, and if I want to follow up, I will call. Occasionally I'll use voice to text to reply.  I don’t generally open and forget to reply. I’ll see I have text notifications with the intention of replying shortly after but completely forget. It then makes me anxious to reply hours later so I never say anything in turn really annoying friends and family  If I ever get a message and think “I’ll reply to that later”, I’ll never reply to it. Doesn’t matter who it’s from.  ALL. THE. TIME. Not just my hubby, but everyone who texts me. Which reminds me. I think I forget to reply to people last week.  I can’t even remember my significant other’s birthday..and I’m the chick. It’s like numbers don’t stay in my head. I still have to sing the “1492 ocean blue” diddy to remember when Columbus decided to pull up.  If it's been a year he should know you by now and stop letting his ego get bruised by it. It is a cute quirk of yours that he should love. Thats how my fiancé treats it.  

My less close friends and acquaintances don't understand as well but if they wanna have me in their life they'll get used to it lol I have a habit of replying with uhhhh, when someone asks “are you free Friday?” So that way they respond with “what do you mean?” Or “okay let me know when you know” forces me to respond. I hate being left of read it’s my pet peeve. I don't think I have that option :/ damnit I'd love to have it I do this too, I try to minimize the possibility of things like this to happen in the first place. I've also trained myself to check for messages frequently so I tend to catch those that I left on read by accident. Leads to a lot of 'pointless' opening of chats for me, but also less dissatisfaction in my friends I'd imagine. how long did it take you to develop this habit? This is what I'd like my ADHD partner to understand. Don't send me some filler, one word, text message in response to a couple of sentences or a message I've sent that needed multiple answers or some thought. I rather not hear from you for HOURS because you're legit sporadic at the moment and all I'm going to get is a string of "lols", "haha", "wow", etc. I want a cohesive response, even if I have to wait.

&#x200B;

Yes I've communicated this to him :P How does your family handle that? What have you found to be the best ways to communicate with you instead? I read somewhere that people with ADHD should accept the fact that any time you think, "Ill remember this later/to do this later" you will never, ever remember to do it so don't beat yourself up for you, adapt, create a strategy (reminds in your phone, etc) and try to build that habit.  


This is something I'm trying to work on with my partner (unmedicated ADHD). He'll say he'll do something, then doesn't. Or, he asks me to remind him. So not only do I have my own tasks, errands, and chores to remember to do, but his as well. I ask him to use his phone/notes/calendar but I feel like such a bitch for suggesting it when really I KNOW (from lurking this sub) it's something that's helped so many of you. /sigh Edit: my phone's regular messaging doesnt have it but I can pin conversations. I do that when I can't respond right away. Doesn't work perfectly because I rarely open the app, but it's better than nothing  Edit: my phone's regular messaging doesnt have it but I can pin conversations. I do that when I can't respond right away. Doesn't work perfectly because I rarely open the app, but it's better than nothing  I'm not entirely sure, to be honest. It was just something I decided to do one day & I've kept it up. He has to take responsibility for it. It’s hard, it won’t always work but it’s his cross to bear ultimately.  It's the hardest for him, I know, but I'm not a sideline kind of partner. I hate to just sit and WATCH him struggle. I want to get in there and help... but you're right. I've got my own issues that he couldn't handle for me either and I need to cope with them myself.

Mental disabilities, booooo lol He’s lucky to have you on his side and I’m sure he appreciates your help. Sometimes we do need that someone there to set deadlines and consequences so that we get stuff done but don’t let him resent you for it and don’t feel like you’re a bad person for trying to help him, either. It may be worth a frank conversation with him along the lines of “I want to help you but you can’t become dependent on me to do those things for you”. Good luck! Thank you for your suggestions! If nothing else, I'll never stop communicating with him to keep things transparent and honest. It's the least I can do!

Thanks! 