How to read books ? Oki I’ll explain :
 I want to learn more about sociology, and I got a school book, no classes. If anyone has experience with this, please help me out a little ^^ My method is usually writing down what I feel like is important, but a lot of the time it’s incredibly unnecessary stuff. So my question is, if I think about it enough to understand it; should I read it without writing notes ? (Goes for any school subject - esque thing, not only sociology in particular ^^”) I'd say definitely write notes. I used to scan over text and think I already understood it, but I could never recall anything. At college we used this technique where you try to condense a 2-page spread of text into one page of hand-written notes. It is difficult, but you definitely read into it more because you have to understand in order to condense.

Then once you've got it hand-written, you can type it up into a couple of paragraphs and keep it all together with the other notes.

I never got to that last step though lol.

Also I used to place a gummy bear at the end of a target chunk of text in the textbook. I'd get it only once I'd read and written that part up. Quite hard to reinforce though😁  I absolutely hate when the teacher tells us to write down or highlight the important stuff cos to me it’s all important , it’s like I can’t decipher between the proper information and the random unnecessary stuff. Something I do is I read a paragraph and then try explain it to someone or if someone isn’t around just say it to myself.  I either read everything out loud to make sure I dont skip words, or I don't read any of it and just look up information as I need it I tend to break down what I have read in the shortest, most crude way possible to give my mind some structure or internal logic to hang on to. After that I read it again to get more details if needed, but when it's unnecessary filler, just don't bother with it. 
Tackle the big chaos one layer at a time.
It really helps me to put those clunky sentences in my own words.

To make an example out of my own comment:

"Make big text a small text."
Or:
"I will end this paragraph in one sentence!" (Proceed to picture that whacky One Punch Man anime in your head)


Hope that (at least marginally) helps. =) Turn it into a PowerPoint. Like ur gonna present it in class.  I always feel so sorry for everyone that has to deal with such a school system :c Here in Germany the teachers just write down what we have to copy into our,, books ? And I’ll definitely try that, thank you :D !! What is your secret? Whenever I read out loud I can't even process the words, just how to pronounce everything.  That still sometimes happens, but the more you read aloud the better you get at it and then you don't have to think so hard about the process. Not trying to brag, but I actually used to practice a lot and won several (ultimately meaningless) prizes for book presentations, which are 75% percent reading aloud. I often didn't even think about the texts I read, just concentrating on how to speak. That could be the problem, when I really think about it...maybe I can't switch off my presentation mode and try to impress a non existing audience? I'll have to work on that mindset, I guess. Thank you for the advice! I never thought about it until now, but I have been doing the exact opposite of what you advised me to do...and that for almost my whole school life! Oh interesting! I actually used to do voice over and having to think about the words I was saying to properly apply emphasis and emotion might actually be what helped me. That's kinda funny that the same things can have opposite impact. I have a theory on why the impact is different:

I read aloud live, had to practice and do it correctly first try in front of an audience. That gave me this cold, 'professional' mindset when it comes to reading. Like, switching off and just working through my script.
You did voice over, had mutiple tries and actually felt into the characters to portray them. 
I turned it into a chore for myself and you actually enjoyed reading lines. Does that makes sense?
I mean, I enjoy acting, but I kind of took the fun out of reading aloud?
God, this is depressing! =D

I think this conversation really helped me, or at least made me realise a few things...Take care, mate! =) Im glad it was in some way helpful! Gl with your reading! 