Convincing a professor to make notes may be a challenge. Help!! EDIT : Title should be “make notes neat” I’m always skipping words because I think too fast. UGH

Okay  so my math professor just uses a projector for class notes and blasts through them in class, is issue is that they’re really messy and hard for me to read, so I feel like I’m not learning when I look at the notes. He says that he wants us to rewrite the notes because it will help us learn and I’m fine with that but they’re so fucking hard to read!!! It’s making learning hard for me! I’m meeting with him on Wednesday maybe Thursday to talk about it and after talking in class today I finally just said “I have a cognitive disability! I need neat notes!” And he said okay but now I’m panicked because what if ADHD seems like an excuse? It’s not like I have dyslexia, but I learn so much better from neater notes! 
Seeing the messiness is so overwhelming to me, I’m exhausted by the time I’m on the third page! And he goes through them so fast in class it’s like it’s all being thrown at me and I can’t catch anything! It feels like I’m getting a billion baseballs thrown at me at once and I only have one glove! So when I try to go over the notes it’s like I have a fuzzy recall of class and I don’t know where to place the information! 

Sorry for the wall of text! I just need some help, do any of you guys experience this? It would help if I could have some backup here. Thank you!!!  You can also ask for the accommodation of more time with the notes. If he's writing them and then putting them out of view as soon as he's done, maybe ask if after class you can look at them again to copy down at your own pace. First, you should see if you can get official accommodations from your school. At my school, they will hire one of the students to be an official "note-taker" so you can get the notes. 

Short of that, is your professor following a textbook at all? I went through all of my math classes unmedicated and obviously never learned anything during lecture, so I always just learned the material through a combination of reading the textbook and using online resources. If you at least know what topics you're *supposed* to be learning, there's probably a lot of great YouTube videos on the subject that will break it down in short chunks and explain it really well (plus, you can rewind!). The problem is the notes are awful.  Check out youtube for math videos. There is virtually everything on there. It’s how I learned logarithms when I just couldn’t understand what my prof was trying to convey.  He’s not even writing them during class. They’re prewritten.  I have accommodations,  but I’m not sure anybody is physically able to write notes on time. I’ll look more into online resources though! It just bothers me that he blasts through it way too fast.  For flip sake its 2018 and he's using prewritten overhead projector slides. Im stressed for you. You could ask for them before class and type them up? Or do you have any pals on the course you could routinely borrow notes of. I'v had some friends just agree to email their typed notes at the end of each class because they know I have ADHD and can't get them down quick enough. But honestly can't believe with the price of college he's still using acetate, I don't think Iv actually seen a projector in years!  He has them up like a scanned document on his computer so the image quality is SHIT! And he just scrolls through them so fast that when I go back to look at them online I can make heads or tales of it. It’s nonsense. Not that the majority of it is legible anyways.   I had such a similar lecturer last year I empathise, he gave out hand written notes. They had typed headings and graphs but all the numbers and text was by hand, couldn't read a thing. Thankfully I was able to buy a text book, would defo recommend at this point. Can you use a voice recorder in the lecture? might help you put it all together after 