Had problems reading books and found a way back in. Hi,

I remember times when I was an avid reader, but around the time I left for college I had a very hard time concentrating on texts. I always skipped lines, so reading paragraphs over and over again started to feel like a chore and was no fun at all anymore. 

Another problem of mine was (and is) that when I wake up, I need a long time to get up and start doing things. Instead I tend to browse the internet which is poison for my wrists.

I felt the need to "reprogram" both things for a long time and had many attempts to force myself into "just" changing my behavior, which obviously could not work. 

But a few weeks ago, I figured something out. When I am so tired in the morning that I have problems getting out of bed, my reading slows down considerably. My mind isn't pacing yet, so I actually can enjoy the text. This had an reinforcing effect, so that by now in the morning, not only do I prefer the book over the screen, but actually extend my reading a bit in to the day even after getting up. I feel like it influenced my reading generally in a positive way.

If you wanna give it a try, I heavily suggest a novel and nothing to brain-heavy. :) [deleted] I also have both these problems, I should give this a try, thanks Oh man, I'm almost a little bit jealous that you can do this.  If I were to attempt to start reading a book first thing in the morning, I would be reading for the entire rest of the day, too. I've definitely noticed this phenomenon with a lot of things.  Things like games and movies as well. It's like when you first wake up your brain is in a different state that is more receptive to stimulus or something. I will try this tomorrow morning, I have so many unfinished books. Thanks! I've found that turning the page up side down helps me read.

Now, obviously from a purely lexical point of view it's going to be
*more* difficult if it's up side down. But it seems like the increased
concentration outweighs the reduced readability.

I think I tricked my brain into thinking it's having fun. The fact that
it returns to being difficult, after a time, seems consistent with that
theory.

It's still possible for your inner thoughts to get distracted and become
engrossing though. "Hey, the 'LaTeX look' looks like Hindi when it's
up side down! All caps would probably look like Cyrillic..."
 Good idea! Will try it and report back. Definitely trying this. I've actually found over this summer that I can read best at like 12-1 am which Isn't great for me but it keeps me doing my summer reading What I do is find a book, TV show, or whatever that I really like, then read ALL THE FANFICS. That way it's easier to focus on since I already know the characters well.

For some reason, I also sometimes find it easier to focus on reading something if it's ridiculously long. Like, *ridiculously* long. Stuff like [Worm](https://www.parahumans.wordpress.com) (~22 standard novels in length) and Fallout: Equestria (something like 2000 pages). The downside, of course, is that once I start reading something like that I don't do anything else for however long it takes me to finish it. I'm an expert at skipping lines and re-reading paragraphs. Thank you for the tip, reading should not be a sisyphean task! Haha same... we got little prizes in third grade for every 100 pages we read a month, and I read 1000+ and the teacher didn't know wtf to do with me. Now I can't even read a short paragraph on reddit or in a textbook (with pictures!) without switching tasks or skipping lines

Brains, man ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ It's social stuff. People can drive themselves so they don't have to annoy parents for rides. In college, your schedule is much more open and you probably live within walking distance of most of your friends who also have relatively open schedules. Socializing and people has always been one of my biggest distractions so I think that's what did it for me. Plus I'm not angsty like in middle school so I don't get annoyed by everyone around me and feel the need to retreat into a book.  I think that around this time, reading became associated with needing to memorize/learn what was on the page, which means my brain checks out because I probably don't want to do that. Over time, my brain started associating reading with stress and struggle, so it tries to distract me constantly while I'm reading, in an attempt to keep me from experiencing that pain. 

Once I was in college, it took hours to read my textbooks every day, so I couldn't have leisure reading time even if I wanted to (and by the end of the day, I didn't even want to *look* at a book). In that way, reading became exclusively a chore and a source of stress. I hadn't read a book for fun in years, up until this past semester. 

I realized all of the above, and on a weekend when I had less to read than usual, I went to the library and picked up a book I had genuine interest in and was dying to read (*The Autistic Brain* by Temple Grandin...I'm a neuroscience nerd). My brain only fought me for the first half of chapter 1, and then I finished the whole thing in a few days. Reading my textbooks was actually EASIER after that! 

Now that it's summer, I've kept that in mind and read for fun as much as possible. It's all about retraining my brain, I guess.  Reset your alarm for one hour after you wake up so that you limit you reading time, maybe? I find it interesting that I, you, GP, and OP are all the same
on this particular issue. Do the labels next to your usernames
mean that you have a proper diagnosis?

I dunno, maybe it's just that children get to read about dinosaurs
and stuff.
 Yes, I came up with a similar explanation. Plus my study program was very reading and programming heavy, so I got used to skimming. I've figured out a trick for waking up easily (I take my meds 2 hours before I want to wake up, works 90% of the time) so that's not an issue.  It's more the ability to just casually fill an hour with reading and then being able to move on that I envy.  No way can an alarm break through my hyper-focus long enough to win over a book :( Im actually the same, too Usually, yeah. My official diagnosis is ADHD-Pi and I saw that I could choose that. :P

I have quite a lot of free time (although it doesn't feel like it) to read fun books, I *looove* novels, but I just can't bury myself in them for hours anymore... I am female though and ADHD can show up later, more like 16-20, in us. I also have a theory that some kids with ADHD just love reading more than they hate trying to read, they're bookworms at their core with a couple challenges in the way. I hear ya... If I put down a book after only 1 hour.... if I put anything down after only one hour... :))) Yeah, hyper focus can be great, and it can be a biatch.  If I put down a book after only one hour, it's because somebody promised me something far more shiny to fixate on. Hahahha!!! SQUIRREL! 