ADHD Lifehack: Save as copy There are some days when I can write a 10-page paper without a problem, and there are other days when I struggle to write a sentence on a blank document. 

I overcame that "freezing up" feeling tonight when I saved a previous essay as a copy, rewrote the title and date, and deleted the first paragraph.  It looked like I was almost done with my essay!

This tricked my mind into thinking that getting started was easy--it looked like I was almost done! Each time I finish writing a paragraph, I delete an old paragraph and keep going.

Just wanted to share in case it helps any of you! Good idea, but you gotta be careful to reread at the end otherwise you might accidentally leave an old paragraph in. I suggest making the old paragraphs a different text color or doing something else to differentiate them. (I speak from experience.) Personally I find it always works to just write bullet points in the beginning. It requires so little effort and time, it becomes so easy, you just write down key-words/sentences of what you want to include in each paragraph/the entire text and then you start filling out these bullet points with more text, turning them into full texts. That's what works for me Smart! Plagerize yourself! Love it That’s clever because it overcomes that problem of being overwhelmed with “open space” you can’t mentally fill. But this reduces the mental overhead to replacing one paragraph that you’ve already though about the structure at a time. 

I tried doing “outlines” and bullet points, but it’s still a “blank page” problem. Fortunately most of my work is project related, so it’s easy to do exactly this and start with an old successful project and add/subtract what I need. It keeps the mental ball rolling with simple tasks.  you can use the insert button on your keyboard (usually next to prntscrn) to just delete it as you go!  Brilliant!!! Thanks for sharing As a programmer, this is why I love git :D So much easier to work on things when I can just delete stuff I don't like while still having the security of keeping the deleted stuff. Love this idea. I struggle with the fact that the outline-part is the most fun, and filling it in is boring so it’s hard to stay motivated. Don’t even start about getting started. 
Don’t have a solution yet, apart from extreme deadline rush.  I use each sentence as a template for technical reports. Having  Template to follow always makes things easier for me I work as an engineer and I find this practice helps when developing plans or calculations.  I'll take a file from a previous project and tweak it to fit what I'm currently working on.  As others have mentioned, you have to be careful not to leave anything from the previous work. I usually do something similar. I always start with a format template.   
For me, I do mostly lab reports, so something like bold: Personal identifiers, titles, Introduction, Theory, Results, Conclusion, etc ->   
 I then Follow up with one to two sentances with what I (at the moment) think the section is going to be about. If I have a requested structure or outlined set of questions, I'll do an outline style bullet points with the key ideas.   


Then when I get to work I just work within the blanks. Since digital documents make it easy to expand or contract space, this is super easy to do and the idea of working in blocks is much less overwhelming.  
 Hope that helps! I actually do this to after figuring out it had the same tricking effect on my brain XD I did that, i have like 10 file of this is actually real, the real final,. The real,real final..  I do this but with a bunch of puns and swearing added in to make it feel less like work.  I do that but with formatted outlines. It’s so much easier to see each sentence individually than as one huge block of text. I have to write papers very frequently for my major and this is only way I can do it. All my friends think it’s weird that I use outlines but boy do they help 🤷🏻‍♀️ I use a mindmap software for this. I can move/hide blocks of text easily and it breaks everything down more visually.
 Professors always said to do this but I never did until one of them forced me to. From then on I always did it. Maybe it saves time, maybe it doesn't, but it makes a much better product and it's much less painful.  I used to do this! I even found that I was really good at doing the bullet points and research at night, but better at writing quickly in the morning, so I would outline the whole essay and then write it in the morning. 😊 Lol  I felt like such a god the first time I cited my own work in other work.  That's clever So do i! Don't be ashamed of using them, I'm really glad you've found a tool that works well for you!

Personally, when I write texts like debating essays (which I love), I usually create a chart outlining what my arguments for and against a thing is. Like argument #1/2/3 FOR, - argument #1/2/3 AGAINST. Each argument being one paragraph. I then start by just writing what i need to include in each of them, usually in bullet points.

 sounds cool, name? It saves me from procrastination when i don't have to start formulating everything accurately from the very first sentence, and when i don't stress about not forgetting anything until i've come to that part of the text. That's really good! I've found that I work much more easily after I've woken up and before I turn on my main desktop computer and waste my day away. It's basically impossible for me to get off my computer when I'm on it, I've been struggling with that for years, but if it's not yet turned on I feel little pull to it! Freeplane That looks really good, I'll try it out, thanks! It's very powerful in terms of what it can do, but I still only use the basics, essentially the folding tree structure where I can move nodes around with arrows. Let me know if you need help! Thank you I will! 