Any tips for long late classes? I've tried few things and failed. Hello fellow ADHD/ADD people! As you know the spring semester for college students are here. Oh boy! I don't mind school, really I love it. I am in a pastry apprenticeship program, mostly hands on work the past semesters. But this semester... it's all lectures. I'm really worried. I have 3 classes in 1 day. They are all 2 and a half hours long. 15 minutes between classes. That's not the worse part! My last class is over at 9pm. Now for me I can focus pretty well for an hour at a time if I like the topic, I also do better during the day time. But night time my focus is dead. Specially if my first class starts at 1:30pm. I'd greatly appreciate some tips and ideas to help me with focusing or just coping with any of this. It's stressing me out and I haven't even started the first day yet!  I had to take 2.5 hour classes in grad school, and it was hard as hell.  I had no other options, and it sounds like you don't either.  It was no fun, and I was useless.  And I had 2-3 times the teaching experience that a couple of my professors had.

No tips or ideas from me, unless it's to try to get a short nap in there somewhere (if that's even possible).  Even if it's just sitting with your eyes closed and trying to center yourself, it might be worth 5-10 minutes of time in a quiet place.

No solid ideas from me, really, just letting you know I get it.  Good luck to you. Man I really feel for you. I had a lab that was 2 hours long after a 1 hour lecture. Just try to sit in the back and have as low stimuli as possible.  Someone in an ADHD support group once said, "If you can't focus in lecture and you can catch up on the material, don't feel bad if you pull out your laptop and do something else productive. It's better that you do something than totally zone out, and it's better that you do it while sitting in lecture than while at home.

You don't have to do the classwork, just try to do *some* work. try to identify what kind of help you might need, and talk to the professor.  for instance, if i would have had the insight when i was in school, i would have let my teacher know that movement helps keep me awake and focused, and i would have asked that i be able to sit against a wall where i could do yoga stretches.  i also think i would have benefited from being able to record lectures so i could play back parts i blanked out during.

if you have an 'official' diagnosis, talk to your students with disability office.  see if they have resources available. I'm glad I'm not alone. :) yeah, there is only one of the 3 classes so I had to take them. It will suck. Specially since 2 of them are math related. X_X I'm gonna die.  Same here. Pack yourself some snacks for your breaks, disable your internet so you're not distracted during class, take notes so you're forced to stay engaged... otherwise I don't have too many helpful recommendations. When all else failed, I just put in the hours outside of class to try to make up for what I missed during class. It was always easier for me to focus on my own time than when I was trapped in class for like 9 hours straight. If I sit in the back my focus gets worse. I have to sit up front to have the best type of results. So I won't go on my phone or completely engulf myself into doodling. But thanks trying to help!   I'm probably even worse with reading materials. I'm horrible with note taking. When I was younger I was in a special education class (way before I found out about my ADD.) so they would do a lot of the stuff to help us. It was a great thing at the time but after a few years I became to dependent on it and I wouldn't even read my notes or text books cause it would just go over my head. I love reading books but text books.... they aren't my friend.  