Confession - I realised I am a shitty person I was diagnosed with ADHD two years ago. I have been struggling really poorly in terms of schoolwork, interpersonal skills, and work.

In the past, I just blamed all my problems on my ADHD. Of course ADHD makes things difficult, but now I realise I am a shitty person in general too.

I think I have a tendency to run away from my resposibilities and problems. I know ADHD makes us more prone to procrastination, but I've gotten to the point of just deliberately avoiding my problems. It has got to the point where I miss important deadlines as I am so used to reading notices and emails at the last minute.

I don't really have any friends these days. In the past, I just blamed it on my lack of social skills, everyone else being, and ADHD. Now I realise I am a shitty person. I just want friends as I think it is odd to be a lone wolf. I realise I don't really actively listen to other people and tend to zone out a bit when talking to acquaintances. Part of it has to do with ADHD but I think part of it has to do with my selfish desires too. I care a lot about status, money, and how others perceive me and I think I just want friends to appear socially "normal".

I think one reason why I don't have friends is because I am a jerk. I miss important details. I forget to reply to people's messages. I am sometimes late. I try to procrastinate when someone asks me for help. I saw myself as a "good person" though as I didn't deliberately try to hurt anyone else.

How can I work on myself? I want to have a "good character" but I don't know how to achieve it and whether acheiving it is possible. Step one is recognizing you have the problem. The next step is figuring out why you're like this?

There is no shame in talking to a professional, if you have the resources. Find a counsellor! Mine was really helpful when I was trying to address me "coldness". Lots of it was stemming from self-preservation, and hating feeling vulnerable, which I was unable to recognize in myself. 

Tips:
Google "how to improve active listening". Try it out! 

Pretend you're really happy to run into people, tell them "I'm so glad to see you!" You might be surprised when you realize you really are glad. This trick actually improved the majority of my friendships and also bumped some aquaintences into real friendships. The key is to do it once with each person, if you get a warm fuzzy feeling with someone specific, keep doing it. Weird, but it feels good to make others feel good! To me it reads like the problem you have with friendships is pretty much the same problem you have in other areas (avoiding/procrastinating). 

The nice thing is that when you work on those in general, future friendships will benefit, but you don't need to have those friendships now to start improving/practicing. 

The shitty thing is that 'stop procrastinating' is something that's really hard to do. So if you can get any help, take it. 

If you don't have that option, it's going to be trail and error. (If you don't know where to start, I really like the 'taking control, the ADHD podcast', since they give a lot of practical tips, [here they are](https://takecontroladhd.com/taking-control-the-podcast-index)).

But please, hold off a bit with thinking you're a jerk until you've got the practical shit ironed out. It sounds like there's a lot of room for improvement still. Like, you might be a lot more 'present' around others when you make sure you plan meeting up with people when you're not tired. 

I'm not saying you can't work on your character (and when you call it 'personal growth' it doesn't even sound like a bad thing), but if you start with the practical stuff, it's a lot easier to see what's left to improve upon and which things are already solved.  That's a tough one. First of all, you're not a totally shitty person if you recognize that you want to procrastinate less, listen to people more, and stand accountable for your actions. 

&#x200B;

That's important. Self-reflection and accountability are important skills and you know what? Truly shitty people lack them. So you are not shitty.  Take heart. 

&#x200B;

I know you want to take action though--so what about watching yourself for procrastination and starting to build habits to respond right away instead? Like instead of handling a deadline at the last minute, what if you took a deadline coming up, put it on your calendar and then added a second earlier deadline for yourself on the calendar to which you hold yourself responsible? Like let's say the real drop-dead deadline is November 30. You set that date on your calendar of course, but then you also set your own deadline a few days prior on November 25. You get the work in on November 25. 

&#x200B;

It's a great way for us to feel better about ourselves as well as take action to turn around our reputations if we've stained them by procrastination and inaction. 

&#x200B;

If procrastination is our habit, there's a lot of flab around that habit. We have to exercise ourselves in the opposite direction of immediate responsiveness and action taking to cut away that procrastinatory flab. Habits are like muscles. We have to fight to build them. Sometimes the ADHD will win, but we're not consigned to lives of victimhood here. We can do something about what we know to be our blindspots and prepare for them. We'll never be perfect but who said neurotypicals are perfect? 

&#x200B;

You can do it. I'm thrilled that you recognize something about yourself you want to change. I just don't want you to get lost in beating yourself up such that you stop there. Which I can already see you are not doing because you asked this community, "How can I work on myself?"

&#x200B;

I'm right there with you btw. Which is why I'm citing examples of what I'm doing for my own flabby and not entirely shitty self. Wish me luck, and I'll wish you the same, friend! Everything is possible if u try hard and WANT to change. Persevere and I can do anything. Don’t blame ur ADHD use it to push you and prove people’s negative perceptions wrong! Keep us updated  https://self-compassion.org Using ADHD as excuse is a tricky situation. It sort of is, but it sort of isn’t. An good excuse prevents you from doing something you are obligated to do because the thing that excuses you cannot be avoided or changed. A bad excuse is used to get out of obligations, even though you have some control over the thing you’re using as an excuse. You might not be able to magically not have ADHD, but you can take responsibility for the parts you can control. 

Maybe you missed your best friends birthday party because forgot to write down the date for the party. You can’t go back and write down the date, but you can apologize for missing it and create a better system to remember parties (like writing them down immediately or texting yourself a reminder). That’s what I’d call using ADHD as an explanation, not an excuse. You acknowledge that you did a shitty thing, and that your ADHD was the cause of your shitty thing, but create a way to avoid that problem in the future. If you got defensive and said “well you know I have ADHD!” after the friend asked you why you bailed, that’s using it as an excuse. You are not taking responsibility for your actions and are not doing anything to prevent the same mistake. 

Using ADHD as an excuse waters down what’s actually happening with ADHD. I’m not gonna lie, people who use it as an excuse make me mad because I constantly beat myself up for forgetting things or fucking up. I have to work harder than people just to be on the same level (or even sometimes worse). I almost got fired as a waitress because I fucked up a lot— my bosses probably thought I didn’t care, but I used to have nightmares about messing up and cried after a bad day. If someone thinks ADHD is just an excuse (because they know someone who uses it that way), it makes it seem like I’m using it as an excuse too. I’m glad you realized you sometimes use it that way, because now you can stop, which helps everyone else with ADHD.

That being said, using something as an excuse or being flaky doesn’t make you a shitty person. Shitty person is really strong phrasing and it seems maybe that you’re just inconsiderate (whether you’re doing it intentionally or not). It might be helpful for you to bring this pattern up to new friends when you first meet them. You don’t need to say you have ADHD (which is vague and can seem like an excuse), but say “hey, I have trouble remembering events or birthdays. I really don’t mean to do these things, but I don’t have a good memory and sometimes I forget to write things down. Would you mind sending me a text to remind me when to show up to get togethers?” or something. Also take it upon yourself to write down and set reminders for birthdays. 

I struggle with this too. My dad called me out for forgetting my grandpas birthday. We got into a big argument because, like most arguments, it wasn’t just about my grandpa, it was about the fact I forget EVERYONE’S birthday. I completely missed my mother’s birthday, I almost missed my boyfriends, I only remembered my dads because my step mom texted me, etc. I was defensive at first, but he’s right. It is shitty to miss someone’s birthday. I decided that I needed to put reminders in for everyone’s birthday. I have it set a week ahead so I can get last minute gifts or cards and plan on making a call around my schedule. 

I do the texting thing too— doesn’t help my phone is missing half the time. People notice and make jokes about it (and get irritated at me). I tell my friends to send me a text reminder if they need to schedule something with me. Sometimes we’ll try to plan things but I have to look at my work schedule, so I say “I’ll get back to you.” Inevitably, I don’t, so I tell them text me if you don’t hear back by tomorrow. Sometimes I also mark a text as “unread” if I need to respond to it, that way when I look at my phone, it says I have an unread message. 

My therapist  also recommended I also ask people to repeat things if I zone out in a conversation. He pointed out that people *do* notice if I get distracted and stop listening. If I zone out, I can ask them to repeat what they said, and usually they will be glad to repeat it because it means I’m committed to listening to the conversation. 

I understand how it is to have social issues from ADHD. In some ways, my gregariousness from ADHD serves me well in social situations. I can be funny, outgoing, and entertaining. I also can say shitty/mean things because I don’t have a filter, speak at inappropriate times, forget to text or call back, take on too many commitments at once, forget birthdays, etc. I regularly get called weird (though most don’t mean it in a bad way). I’ve had a few friendships end by people telling me I don’t respect their personal space and tend to talk over them and not listen to what they’re saying. It’s all related to ADHD (and was very relieving to hear once I got diagnosed), but it doesn’t mean I can continue doing these things and expect people accept them because of my ADHD. 

It’s all about finding the problems and then creating solutions. You can’t fix the ADHD, but you can compensate for it. As others have said, counselors are very helpful if you are in a position to find one. There are lots of resources on how to find one who will work with your schedule, budget, and insurance. A good fit is important— you should feel a “click” with them. Having someone who specializes in ADHD would also help.  [removed] You're not a bad person. Sorround yourself qith peolle yhat accept you the way uou are I had this similar realisation that I wasn't as good as I thought I was and wanted to srart caring about people. I am making slow progress but at least it's progress. Idk about you but I'm realizing that yes i am an asshole with good intentions. 

The blocks to those intentions are sometimes adhd. Sometimes ptsd. Sometimes depression. 

But always. Underneath. The block is fear. And my asshole move is pretending I'm not absolutely terrified most of the time. 

Following this i don't try the solutions offered by the experts or friends or family. What if i fail? What if i can't do it perfectly? What if they are right and i am a loser? 

There is no win in this. Recognising i am less than awesome doesn't help shame. The solution I'm slowly working on (thanks professionals and the folk over at stop drinking) is using value actions as my measure of okay ness. 

For eg: I don't want to be a shit family member - i value them. Reminder on my ph to call today and just received a birthday calander hanging thingy in the post today. Yep I'm still forgetting to book Christmas but next year everyone gets a goddamn birthday gift. 

Still working on going to gym. Fear is failure/competition and value solution is wanting to live long and prosper. 

Anyway. Coach has me focus on values rather than me. Because yep i may be a fool but I'm a fool who is trying and can name the core problem. 

Tl;Dr my problem is fear the solution is value led action.  I think I am like this as I am a selfish person. I used to deny this and saw myself as morally superior as I don't deliberately try to harm others or gossip. I didn't see the need to be altruistic and I didn't trust anyone and saw all human beings (including myself) to be inherently selfish to some extent due to simple survival instincts.

I am now starting to notice I enjoy talking to people only to learn about their private stuff or other people's private stuff instead of being genuinely interested in them. I think I lack empathy to some extent. I think I would like to develop more empathy. The last point is actually an awesome point for everyone socially! I used to avoid seeing people I went to school with because I thought they didn’t like me. A few times, though, someone would see me and go “oh my god, how are you?!” It made my day. I realized people probably don’t want to avoid me as much as I think they do, and if I avoid them because of it, they may think I don’t like them! It’s a weird defense mechanism. Once you can brave that first encounter though, you’ll realize that people actually are excited to see you.  It is more than that. I think I am a shitty person as I lack empathy. I guess I am self-centred but convinved myself that I was morally superior in the past as I didn't try to deliberately hurt other people. I had a cynical view of human nature and saw everything as inherently selfish (including myself) so I didn't see the need to be altruistic. I dislike going to great lengths to help other people, have trouble relating to other people's problems, and am obsessed with status, prestigue, and being "better" than others. I think these problems have nothing to do with ADHD and ADHD probably just made it more obvious that I don't have other's people's best interest at heart. I think it is more than that. I have a cynical view of humanity and see everyone as inherently selfish (including myself). I hence don't see the point in being alturistic and helping those in need. I saw myself as morally superior as I thought not going to great lengths yo harm people was good enough.

I think my lack of empathy is always there. ADHD just made it more "obvious" to observers. I second the therapy idea. It sounds like you might have some defense mechanisms getting in the way of you being able to trust people and have compassion/empathy for them.

Positive psychologists call Compassion a 'Character Strength'. The great thing about Character Strengths is they aren't fixed traits you can't change. So if you want to cultivate better Compassion, think of it like a muscle you can exercise.

Throughout your day, try to think of One way you can brigthen someone's day, and then do it. You don't have to feel it. Just do it. The commenter above's idea about saying "Im so happy to see you!" is a really great and simple way to brighten someone's day, so that's a great one to start with. 

If you want to improve your character, it's going to take work. If you're truly commited, you should be willing to do whatever it takes (therapy, exercising your compassion, reflecting on why you see things the way you do, etc...). I still think working on the practical side can help with that. 

Now I'm certainly not trying to say that the things you're dealing with will be *solved* the moment you get the practical things under control and I hope that you don't feel like I'm trying to dismiss what you're saying, so please bare with me a bit. 

Like with:

> I dislike going to great lengths to help other people

When I'm feeling overwhelmed/am procrastinating *everything* I need to do for someone else feels like going through great lengths, because I don't even have the time to do my own stuff, everything else that get's added feels like it's too much to ask.

When my own life is under control and I *know* that I can spend the whole weekend doing 'nothing' without running into a problem, taking 30 minutes to help someone else seems like something minor, and I don't mind doing it (although it will always depend on who's asking what). 

When you start with changing your life and not your character (so getting to a place where someone asking a favor wouldn't be a problem time/energy wise), it's easier to see how much of your character still needs changing. 

For the lack of empathy, that doesn't help, but it's something you can actively work on (reading fiction is a big one to help increase it). So although it might make you feel like a shitty person right now, it's not a part of your character that's static, it's a skill. Since it's something you can work on, don't convince yourself that lacking that atm means things are hopeless, that would be like saying 'but I'm a shitty person because I can't cook'. 


 No it's not that. It's not like I refuse to help someone as I am disorganised myself. It's more like I don't see the point in being that alturistic. Even when I am on holiday with nothing else to do, I don't see the point in doing something like volunteering. The only reasons why I will volunteer are because I am bored and it looks good on my resume. The idea of me being more willing to help people doesn't really have to do with the idea of me being less overwhelmed. It's more like I am bored out of my mind so I may as well do something that looks good on my resume. I think most people are this way though. the idea that people are endlessly altruistic is fake. I’d drive 40 minutes to pick up my SO if his car broke down, but it doesn’t mean I wouldn’t be a bit irritated about it. Most people volunteer for resume reasons unless they have a lot of free time.  