Married ADD/ADHD redditors. Non-ADD Husband with ADD Wife. Please help. I have some questions and need some support. WALL-OF-TEXT WARNING! Please excuse this wall of text. I have alot to say and 16+ years of marriage to paraphrase.

Before I begin, let me make several admissions about myself. I probably should not, because it almost always leads to people judging me based on the knowledge I have given them. But, since it has been a big "thing" in our relationship, I feel I must divulge it to keep things fair, and to help explain things. I am Bipolar II. I self-diagnosed when I was about 22-23. I was against medicine, so I sought the help of a psychologist. Of course, his biggest thing was to push the meds, so I eventually caved in. Even though I was 100% against it, I went to the doctor and tried taking pills. They didn't work, and the side effects (and the cost) made me eventually stop (of course, my dislike of the whole antidepressant mess also led me to stopping.) That was not the end of my attempt to deal with my Bipolar disorder though. I then spent years reading various college psych texts, and other books on psychology, the brain, and whatever other topics seemed pertinent to my problems. I watched lots of DR. Phil, searching through the tons of useless info (and garbage) on his show for things to help me. I did countless hours of soul searching and self-therapy (for lack of a better term). All in an attempt to come to terms with my condition and make it less damaging. It worked, I guess. I'm still alive, and haven't even considered suicide since I cann't remember when. But it was tough. At various times, things would go downhill, and I would go back to trying meds, but never with any good effect. They just don't work. I also have a problem that when dosages get too high, my hands (which always shake when not on meds) would shake to the point where I could not do things, and the Dr. would lower the dosage. I eventually realized that the stress of work was making things worse and finally decided to take my wife's suggestion and go on SSD. It was not an easy choice, by no means, and still bothers me to this day. But things are better. The removal of that stress has lessened the effects of my Bipolar condition and allowed me to see things more clearly.

Which brings me to my marriage. When I was young, I blamed my depression on being single. If I just had a partner, things would be OK (they weren't). I was so lonely. Along comes my wife, and what do you know, even though I'm no longer lonely, I'm still depressed. (That's one of the reasons why I continued my study and work on my depression. I wasn't just depressed because I was lonely.) Unfortunately, I told my wife about my depression right up front, probably before were ever even "hooked-up". That's just how I am. Just like the beginning of the letter, if I feel it is important for the other person to now about my depression, I will tell them. That was my first mistake. In a short period of time, she began using my depression as an excuse, sort of. If she would do something that would upset me, she would not really give a reason why, or a good explanation of why she did what she did. No, instead she would twist the argument around until it was my depression that was the problem. It was not her original act that was the cause of the argument, it was that I was depressed and that was skewing my emotional response. I bought this for a while, and tried even harder to lessen the impact of my problems. It did not work. Eventually, she would do something else, I would get mad, we'd get into a huge fight (over something little), she'd threaten divorce (ALMOST EVERY TIME), and I'd try to do more to modify my own responses. It got to the point that I barely spoke. But, every time something would happened (i.e. she did something that would make me mad, very often something we had fought about before) we'd fight and she'd make it seem like I was the real problem.

Eventually I realized that my responses to her actions were not that far off. I began to ask her, when the smoke of the argument would clear, to go into work and ask the people there about the argument (she loves to talk at work...). Is my response so bad, so off-the-wall, so mean? Almost every time she would return with the same answer. To her credit, she would go into work and give an account of the argument that would not make me into the villain (as she tries to do when arguing) and she would tell me that the person she talked to sided with me. OK then, my response isn't that far off the mark. Still, we had problems. Every time it was me getting mad at her for the careless, thoughtless, inconsiderate ways she treated me. I try incredibly hard to be a good husband, from doing most everything around the house, to listening to her long rambling monologues, to not complaining about things that would drive others up the wall. I even accept her lame excuses and lies, completely ignoring the fact that her actions would scream at another person "She's having an affair." I ignore and forget and forgive so much.

All the while, I blame my depression (so does she). When things got bad, right before I decided to go for SSD, I decided it was time to try therapy again. Since my wife used my depression as an excuse, I asked her to come along to my sessions, so that she might gain a better perspective of my condition. She agreed. Of course, most of the sessions were her and the therapist talking, not about psych things, but about the random stream-of-consciousness things that fill an ADD person's head. I didn't get much from the sessions. He pushed medicine, and I tried it again, with the same results as before (none). I had already learned by myself most of the things he covered in his "therapy", so the whole thing was rather unsatisfactory. But, my wife and I happened to go through several arguments (at home) during the time we were seeing the therapist, so my wife decided to ask him what's wrong with her. He very politely says she has ADD and suggests some medicine. Not long after, I began working a new job with long, unpredictable hours, and had to stop seeing the psychologist.

But, the cat was out of the bag. At first, I downplayed her ADD diagnosis, because of my own prejudice about the condition at the time, and because my wife was still blaming my Bipolar disorder. Everytime we got into a fight, it was me complaining about the same things as before, generally her inconsideration. And every time it was my response that was wrong (and every time she threatened divorce). Neither one of us took the ADD into account.

Finally, I reached the point where I saw that my wife had been right years before, that working was making my problems worse. I applied for, and eventually received SSD. It led to a deep dark depression for me (even though I was on meds again) which finally abated. I could see things a little clearer after. One thing I began to look at more and more was my marriage. I began to realize that my responses to my wife's actions were not so far off the mark. Most people would feel the same in similar situations. It was then that my wife's previous diagnosis of ADD began to seem at least plausible. At least I was open to the possibility. Not my wife though. I should have began researching ADD then, but believed her when she said she would do better, so I didn't look into ADD. And of course, according to her, my depression was the problem.

That brings us to two weekends ago. We had fought on Thursday about a reoccurring problem and had made up. On one of the days we're doing our make-up routine her ADD becomes incredibly prominent, and another fight breaks out. In the middle of it I suggest the ADD diagnosis (and ADD's effects) as part of the reason we are fighting (of course, my depression is not helping, according to her). This leads to violent denials and even more fighting. When things settle down a little bit, I look up ADD on youtube, and the two of us sit and watch just random videos. In these peoples' videos I see many things from our marriage. The more we watch, the more we see ourselves in what people are saying about living with ADD/ADHD and being in a relationship with someone with the condition. It turns out that my responses have not been that bad, or unexpected, to begin with. Lots of non-ADD/ADHD people have these problems with their SO. My wife can no longer deny (at least to me, she may deny it in her own mind) her ADD and it's effects on our marriage.

Since then I have been trying to learn about ADD. I've learned alot, but I have more to learn. There are some things that I do not see mentioned, and wonder how much of what I experience from my wife is ADD related. Last night I spent time reading this reddit and got a few more answers. One thing I learned is that people with ADD/ADHD that go undiagnosed come up with coping mechanism to help cover up there ADD/ADHD. That explains some things. I still have questions:

1. How much is avoidance/denial of negative things a part of ADD/ADHD? I will give some examples. My wife used to not make left turns while driving, because turning left (across another lane of traffic) made her scared. She would go way out of her way to drive a route to her destination that did not include left turns, sometimes adding quite a bit of time and distance on the trip. Another example is her incredible avoidance of making phone calls. For some reason placing a simple phone call that she does not have to make (i.e. one that is not to friends, or family, or one she wants to make [like for take out food, she likes it and has no problem making the call]) becomes a huge thing and the call just does not happen, unless I nag her into doing it (I DON'T LIKE NAGGING). Doctor's visits are another. If it was not for me almost dragging her to the doctor she would be blind (LITERALLY. She has Glaucoma and has lost most vision in one eye and a little less in the other. We got lucky that I got tough. She's only legally blind in one eye).

2. How often are lies and untruths a part of excuses? My wife will usually deny any explanation I may come up with for her actions. "No, you're wrong" she'd tell me, as I'd try to come up with a explanation to try to fill in the many holes in her story. Many times my explanation would hover close to one that would be expected from and ADD/ADHD person, things like 'you just forgot' or 'you were busy doing (whatever)'. Instead of fessing up, she'd come up with something else, some other excuse, some lie. But it would be obvious what really takes place. And after years and years of lies and untruths trying to cover up what I guessed from the beginning, the lies would hold no water. Not only that, during the calm between the storms, she would sometimes admit that I was right in my first conclusion about events, and what really happened, and that she had lied to cover up something.

3. How often does the non-ADD/ADHD person use their past actions/habits as an excuse for current actions/habits. An example: my wife comes home from work and just sits around (she has gotten better with this). It doesn't bother me that much. I am used to it. Besides, she works and I don't. But she's told me how she uses this as an excuse not to visit people who have asked her (informally) to come over and hang out after work. She's done it to me too, as in saying "You know I just come home from work and just sit and do nothing. I don't even get up from the chair." And to someone else she will say something like "Just ask my husband; when I get home from work, I do nothing, I just sit in the chair." as an answer to why she doesn't come over and visit (The person may not fall high on her interest scale, so things at home win). She doesn't say it because I nag her about doing things after work. It's her excuse for not doing something. The same thing happens when I try to discuss why our arguments get so out of hand. My wife's responses used to be "Just ask (so-and-so). When I get mad, I go off." To me this is not an answer, not a reason why she "goes off" and our arguments end with her threatening divorce, or running out of the house, back to her family's. (Maybe this final thing fits in with question #1) Instead it is using a previous action to explain a current action. It does not answer the question, mine or anyone else's.

4. Are you, the non-ADD/ADHD person, always told you are wrong when it comes to your assessment of your spouse?  From big things to little things I am always told I am wrong when I make an educated guess about something about my wife. Whether it's her motive for an action, her general actions at a specific time, her beliefs, things that HAVE happened in the past, I am always wrong. "No, that's not the reason" "No, I didn't do..." Whatever. I'm always wrong. I guess this might go along with #1, but to me it's different. I'm fairly smart, and have lived with her for 18+ years, yet somehow she says I am wrong. Sometimes I am. Most of the times it's just a cover up though. I also have a pretty good memory. Sometimes we will argue about when an event happened. I know that I am usually right about the matter (from what I understand ADD/ADHD can mess with your memories. I've seen the proof with my own eyes) and that her timeline is wrong. But we still argue about it, with me doing everything I can think of to try to help her remember the past. (Then I get accused of "bringing up the past". She's the one denying the past) I feel she does not believe me though. I am always wrong somehow. (I am baffled how I can be so smart and so wrong/stupid in the same person's eyes)

5. How do you deal with the uncaring, insensitive, non-empathic side of the disorder? I don't think I have to explain alot here. I've seen spouses in this sub-reddit complain about it.

Well, I could ask more, but I won't. I've probably lost the average reader already. To those of you who have stuck it out to the end: Thank You. I am sorry this is so long. It's just been 18+ years of undiagnosed misery. Now I/we need some help.

Please help.

TL;DR I'm a somewhat diagnosed and treated Bipolar II husband living with a ADD diagnosed wife who's in denial. I have questions (#1-5 above) that I can not find answers to in this sub-reddit and want an insider's/spouse's view.

EDIT 1: I write this before reading any replies.

So, my wife came home from work around lunchtime (her work is slow and she got sent home early) today. I gave her some time to relax after work, then told her about this post. I offered to let her read it. She did. Then we watched the first two of Dr. Barkley's videos (I had watched the first 7 or 8 at lunchtime before she came home. Thank You for the numerous suggestions on this sub-reddit). Now we're here to read the replies to my post together.

EDIT 2. The comments are sorted by best, and we're just answering them as they are presented by the auto-sort.

EDIT 3: I did not mention that we have tried some therapy/marriage counseling for our problems. It did not turn out well. Our therapist sucked, and my wife and I made the mutual decision to stop going. We might try it again later. Until recently my wife has been in denial. Any mention I made of seeking outside help for our problems was seen as a bad thing. Now, things are different, so therapy may be an option for the future.

It's time for supper and a break.

EDIT 4:It's 9:00 and my wife's falling asleep. Not because she's incredibly tired, but because, you know...ADD. We're taking a break for the night.

Well. I'll check in, in the morning. Thank You all for your replies. Hearing other's answers to our specific problems has helped. 


EDIT 5:Well, it's the next day now. My wife's off to work and I now have the time to read and answer some more replies.

She was all smiles this morning (not only because of this thread, if you know what I mean [wink-wink,nudge-nudge]). I think that things may turn out OK. She does not seem to reject the whole ADD thing now, which might bode well for the future. I'm not going to push her too much on the issue. I just know that I can not let it pass into oblivion. 

For me, the thing has been a wake up call. It's like there's light where there was only darkness and gloom before. The cruel, insensitive person I lived with has been replaced with the loving, caring person I fell in love with. Of course this is a bit exaggerated, but it captures the emotion.

Final Edit: It's day 3 now. I've read all the comments and now have a wide range of examples, answers and further information to work with in the future. Thank You all. You have all been so helpful. 1. For me this is a main component of my life. I function only when there is either a very fun and interesting reason.. or when the consequence is immediate and painful. So all negative things are avoided like the plague. I can't even pick up a phone to pay a bill. (Once I finally pick up the phone it's ok... but it might take me weeks to do it.). This is a huge part of my disability. 
 I'll go in and just answer the questions as best as I can:

1. Avoidance/denial is potentially a *massive* part of ADHD. I'd recommend doing a bit of internet research of Rejection Sensitive Dysphoria and/or reading the book "You Mean I'm Not Lazy, Crazy, or Stupid?". Both, I think, will lead you to a similar point, which is that we as ADHDers tend to internalize a lot of the things that our condition brings to us as personal problems and as a result we tend to do some weird things. Some of us avoid conflict altogether and become people pleasers, others of us try to control everything around us. What your wife is doing is, yes, perfectly normal behavior for a person with long-term undiagnosed ADHD.

2. Yes, this is another part of it. I had the excuse-making rather drilled out of me from a young age but without my personal guilt about it, it would absolutely still be there. You are constantly told, as a person with ADHD, that you are lazy or dumb or an asshole or whatever. Some people just plain hate the crap out of themselves, others will find external blame. As one of the former I'm honestly not sure which is the "better" option.

3. It *is* sometimes hard for us to get ourselves into doing something (which is a little ironic because we're also kind of well known for starting and stopping hobbies on a dime). While that's not an excuse in and of itself I could definitely see how for a person who has been struggling with it for years it could naturally come out of that.

4. I can't answer this for your wife or for non-ADHD people, but perhaps instead of assuming or making an educated guess, you just plain ask your wife what she's feeling? I know that a lot of women, ADHD or otherwise, get pretty frustrated when their SO assumes that their thought process is like X when it is actually like Y (or even X + 1), and so this may be a reflexive behavior on her part.

5. So... I feel like a lot of us actually wind up being *more* empathetic and caring because of the condition, often because we just say stupid things up front that we then have to apologize for, and through the apology we do begin to understand what the other side feels like. I also think that there's a strong thread through which we tend to root for the underdogs, so to speak, because we often feel like we are the underdog in our own lives, and so we get a bit of compassion for others. Still, like I said, the condition manifests itself in many different ways even though the root causes may be similar.

So... in summary, no, your wife's issues are not literally caused by ADHD, but yes, there is a great chance that they're totally an outgrowth of having to grow up and live with being undiagnosed for all of her life. Is she seeing a therapist? If not, I would really, really recommend it, even if - especially if - she's taking medication for the condition. As noted, walking around thinking that there are things that are intrinsically wrong with you does things to your head that don't just go away when you realize that those things were just a mental condition that you can cure. She needs to work through those things, and in all probability (no offense) both you and her need to work through some of the ways that your relationship has become dysfunctional. I'm not *also* going to recommend couples' therapy, necessarily, but I will say that I don't think that either you or your wife are going to be in a position to assess blame or responsibility until the both of you can sort out what goes where in terms of her condition and so on. All of you that were able to read this and respond must be well medicated. I made it about 3 paragraphs. ðŸ˜… Ok. I read through your post and while I may not be able to answer your questions, I hope I can give you some insight from my own experience.

I am the ADHD-combined wife. My husband suffers from anxiety and anxiety related depression which gets us into some messy, silly, and unnecessary  arguing that we are trying to fix. My husband, like you, feels medication does not help his condition and tries to self soothe.

I''ve sought treatment for my ADHD which has given me some mental clarity and I've realized there are a few things going on that put unnecessary stress on the relationship: 

1) By not seeking treatment or taking proactive steps to manage our conditions (whether this is through medication, therapy, self care etc) we are not giving our best selves to each other in this relationship. We agreed to be married and there is a duty in that commitment to do good by your spouse. How can I fulfill this promise if I am not caring for myself and trying to manage this issue in a positive way? This is something both my husband and I have addressed and are working on in addition to understanding each other's condition better (I need to become a better listener and more flexible, he needs to start taking care of himself and be patient with me). I think by having more compassion for ourselves and practicing self love it has had positive effects elsewhere in the relationship.

In your case, I think your wife has a responsibility to manage her ADD and think about how her symptoms may affect you and make the appropriate changes to her behaviour. This also applies to you, which I commend you for trying. If you are unwilling to medicate I think regular therapy is a must. Don't bring your spouse along until you've found the right psych and established a connection and what you expect to get out of the sessions.

2) People with ADHD are overstimulated and overwhelmed by our thoughts and surroundings. Sometimes we tend to overshare, are hypersensitive or forgetful. Which can lead to outbursts, social faux pas, misunderstandings, or overreactions. If your wife has ADD this has to be carrying over into other parts of her life and perhaps an assesment is necessary. She may not realize her interpetation of events may be skewed. IMO she needs to stop divulging at work and bringing in commentary from people who don't live with her. Their opinion has no place in your home and it's up to you two to sort it out unless you seek couples therapy.

From my experience I am very sensitive and overreact and get upset when I anticipate or are engaged in conflict. I've worked very hard to learn to argue well with my spouse and keep my cool. I still need to be a better listener and empathetic with my husband. My brain is either empty or go go go and his is sometimes sad or paralyzed with anxiety. This leads to me not actively listening to him, I am already thinking of the next thing to say or get my opinion in. I am trying to learn to compromise and accommodate him despite being someone who has to live off a schedule. I also need to not hyperfocus on things better and be open different ideas. I find setting a time to talk about how something made each other feel in a neutral situation works best. I care a lot about how he feels but don't realize that I am not communicating it or showing it well when I am not actively listening.

We are married now and it's not me vs him. The question now should be what is best for US. You two should regularly check in with each other and see how your doing. You are each other's best support system and need be working together instead of against each other. 

I hope you can figure it out and hang in there. It sounds like you are trying and coming here shows you care. Best of luck.

TL;DR - We all need healing. Practice self love and forgiveness... get help for your conditions and the relationship. Find a way to reconnect so you are tackling your struggles together. There are a lot of long comments on this and I have ADHD and couldn't read them all. I don't medicate. Sorry. I also don't beat myself up. My hubs is regular and I'm ADHD and I think we have some similarities and he's struggled too. We're difficult to live with, those of us that do understand and try to address what we're working with, let alone those of us that don't embrace it. 

I just want to address one small part of your OP- the lie thing. Just to put in my own perspective, it may not always be lies per se. I know for me, when I'm emotional I'm even less grounded in focus than normal. I'm way more all over the place which makes it really difficult to discuss or argue in a marriage. Personally, I do not fight fair at those times. I take the low blow every time just to deflect. Your wife is nicer than me and sounds like she tries to avoid the issues. I've heard it said that we ADHD'ers are not grounded in time, which is very much true. Time is shorter or longer based on interest to us. Which makes remembering boring things really impossible. No offense but, someone else going off on me is really boring. I don't remember two bits of it, so my recall factor sucks and my ability to counter argue or even intelligibly discuss becomes challenged. It's not that I lie, it's that I try to fill in blanks of what I didn't really remember or pay attention to in the first place. Anyway, hope that helps. 

The more you know how it really works, the better off you'll both be. It's not just the cliche squirrel jokes. There's so much more to ADHD. It can be really fun and wonderful aside from the obvious negatives. My husband has learned to live through the bad to get through to the fun of it. Be best of luck to you both! You're likely right about her, and if so your marriage is likely to become much less stressful if she comes to accept treatment for her condition (one waaay more med-friendly than most other psychiatric ones, according to the data, btw). 

That said, just reading your post and comments leads me to suspect there's something up with you other than / in addition to Bipolar II. You may not be a controlling husband, like you say, but you do seem uncommonly interested in keeping confusion at bay - or for some other reason exhibit remarkable commitment to no-stones-unturned explanation, discomfort at others' imprecision, and compulsion to not drop any matter till it's settled. Seems like maybe there's an Oscar as well as a Felix in your household, thus possibly some adaptations you, too, can make with your wife's and some outside help.

Might even be worth going over some of the more common Bipolar II confounds again. This article's list seems pretty thorough:

http://mentalhealthdaily.com/2014/11/19/have-you-been-misdiagnosed-with-bipolar-2-disorder/

Hope you don't find this speculation invasive, though I could see how one easily might. Get and read Gina Pera's "Is It You, Me, or Adult ADHD: Stopping the roller-coaster."

That book answers all of your questions, but in short yes to all questions.  The book described what it was like to live with my soon to be exwife.  I am treated for my ADHD, she was not and it was terrible.  You will find no books(I haven't) on living with someone who is being treated because we are all different, but also because treatment works.

 **#3** I was recently diagnosed with ADHD. I had the same sort of routine that your wife did, I would go to my college classes, and then I'd come home and just fall straight into bed every day, wouldn't do anything with any friends, I wouldn't even talk to my room mates. 

Lying in bed and doing nothing was much more preferable to my brain than doing anything that required effort, later in the semester I began to sleep through classes too.

**ALSO** I find I have a similar response to arguments as your wife, I go from calm and collected to filled with rage, I find I usually can't help my response, but I've learned to recognize when I get too angry, which seems to help. 1. In my opinion, avoidance is a noticeable part. Not sure if it's strictly with ADD/ADHD or not. My non-ADD sister has this problem too. In my case, it's just the avoidance of doing a task that I don't like or just being lazy. In my sister's case, it's because she doesn't know what the outcome will be and is worried that she'll look like a bad person/failure. 

2. I'm not sure your comments about this question fit with the question. The comments appear to fit more under the denial part from question 1. Does she out-right LIE to you? Like, you say "You forgot" and she says "No I was out of the house." when you know perfectly well she was in the house the whole time? I think lying and untruths may be a separate issue. 

3. This one kind of falls into question 1 too. IDK...I use past actions/habits for myself just as often as I use it for my husband. I mean, it's part of who we are right? habits and actions? It's how I know that when my husband doesn't eat all day then I know NOT talk to him about politics or religion because he will be hangry as all get out. The problem here is that she doesn't appear to want to correct anything. Is that what bothers you? Her comfortableness in her habits when you feel she needs to change them? Now, my husband and I will argue....well, more like he gets upset, because I will do something that we discussed I should not do (ie. volunteer long-term for something when we have to be on call for hospital visits for family). This is more because I forget(habit) and really like volunteering(action). He gets upset because he feels I don't listen to him, when simply it's I forgot. 

4. Oh, boy.....this is ME to a T. I am the ADD/ADHD person and I am ALWAYS wrong! Sometimes, I will try to express an idea or thought or feeling and I say it wrong. My husband almost always misunderstands what I am trying to say and thinks that I'm trying to be mean. Which I'm not. But at the same time....like u/heykathster said, I will almost always say NO to any idea or project that my husband wants to do around the house. Eventually, I see the light of wisdom which is my husband and find that his way is usually fine. We went for 2 years without curtains in our garden apartment bedroom because he wanted them and I didn't. He never lets me forget that. It was so much nicer with curtains! 

5. Wow. Um....I have no idea what to say to this because I don't think I'm insensitive, well I try not to be, I'm very empathetic. So much so that most of my life I've been taken advantage of by people I thought were friends because I was kind and helpful and sensitive. It was only when I met my husband that I began to realize how shitty people have been to me. 

*Edit: Someone above mentioned that ADD/ADHD people tend to be sympathetic due to our past being told we are lazy, unfeeling, assholes. I'd like to speak to that. Yes, I do have a lower self-esteeem than most folks. I know in my heart that I am a good person, but I can't help but feel a bit down on myself for all my missed opportunities and failures. I know that failure is a part of life and one side of me is proud that I made it this far, but because of my failure to finish college, I am super insecure about my intelligence. 

Also....as a side note, my husband knows about my ADD/ADHD but doesn't really want to learn how it effects me or our relationship. I commend you for wanting to understand because it's just as hard when the non-ADD/ADHD person is uninterested in understanding.  I do a lot of things that frustrate my long-term, live-in boyfriend, but **I never blamed his frustration on his depression/Aspergers**. I own up to being inconsiderate, even if it wasn't my intent and he knows it, and we try to figure out ways in which I can accommodate his needs and desires along with mine.

We do this even if his feelings are literally because of his mental health issues. I don't mind a bit of a mess, and tend to procrastinate on cleaning, or just plain forget, but his Aspergers makes him feel a strong need for order in his life, so e.g. not washing the dishes soon after dinner makes him feel stressed and frustrated, particularly since I said I'd do them and it's my responsibility (he cooks, I do the dishes afterwards). I don't think that emotion is invalid, only because it may be less frustrating for him if he didn't have Aspergers. He will feel them regardless of what I tell him. So, unless I am dead tired or not feeling well, I do the damn dishes, because I know it's important to him.

So let me highlight that point: **It doesn't matter why someone feels a certain way, and it doesn't matter whose fault it is. The goal of a successful relationship is to problem-solve together to maximize both partners' happiness.** She needs to work with you to find a good compromise, instead of just telling you to change and accept everything she does 100%.

1. Avoidance is a big part of ADHD. Denial... not so much, I think. I also avoid phone calls, but I am aware of doing so. I make excuses for myself, but I eventually go through with them. Or apologize profusely and ask my boyfriend to make them...

2. I never lie to my boyfriend. I sometimes do to e.g. my parents (they were rather emotionally abusive, and I'd rather tell a small lie than face their endless lectures and questioning). But never to my boyfriend. I don't think a healthy relationship can be built on lies.

3. Nope. So... basically... "don't be upset about me being a bitch in this specific instance. I am always a bitch!"

4. My boyfriend often misinterprets my actions. Less so now though, because I take the time to explain to him, calmly, why I do the things I do. How I'm not trying to be inconsiderate, but it often ends up feeling that way. I back up my words by trying to find ways in which I can change the things that frustrate him. Sometimes I end up being wrong, e.g when he's upset that I took hours doing X, whereas I feel like it's only been 15 mins or so (time blindness). But it doesn't matter who is right or wrong, only what you can do about it moving forward (set up reminders etc.)

5. I don't think it's ADHD related. But I do think there can be uncaring people that also happen to have ADHD.

This is way longer than I planned. And I need to do the dishes. Best of luck to you!

TL;DR: ADHD is an explanation, not an excuse. If she's not taking the time to try to come up with a compromise that would make you both reasonably happy, she may just not be a nice person, and that's unrelated to ADHD. I really tried hard to read this but I did skim read some of it so sorry if I missed parts. I appreciate the numbered questions, so I'll take the others' lead and begin with that and we can go from there :)

I'm also the ADD wife with non ADD husband BTW - my husband doesn't have any disorders.

1. This is absolutely a thing. I know it's stupid but I just can't seem to stop it. I have serious problems with phone calls and I can see myself doing the driving thing. One big part of ADHD is that is becomes very easy to "talk yourself out of things". If it requires effort, then I'm constantly doing mental gymnastics to see if I can get out of it, and of course I'm good at convincing myself important things are not necessary or can wait (I'll do it tomorrow being my favourite excuse - tomorrow, of course, never comes). Once it gets to the point that I *have to* do it now, I will do it. But not one minute before. This is a problem because not all tasks come with deadlines and most things are supposed to be self motivated. If I can find something which makes enough sense to me that I can't explain my way out of it, then I'll normally do it. But if I can find any wiggle room which lets me off the hook, it's toast. This is familiar: http://imgur.com/gallery/mVtXKZG. Also! I realised recently that what's happening here is a form of cognitive dissonance. Cognitive dissonance is the feeling of holding two conflicting beliefs/values at the same time, or of believing one thing but acting in a contradictory way even though you have a choice about how to act, often because of some kind of pressure (e.g. social pressure, anxiety). To square this circle the person tells themself that their beliefs or values have changed in order to bring them into line with the contradictory action, which results in actually holding two conflicting views at once which feels like an immediate relief, but long term is mentally uncomfortable and may present with symptoms similar to anxiety - which, ironically, can actually exacerbate the problem of acting in a way which is in conflict with your beliefs or values. With the example of the phone call: I believe that the phone call is both important and urgent, but I'm not making it, which is extremely uncomfortable (you know the feeling of stressing because there's something important you need to do but you can't). Instead of changing my behaviour by making the phone call, I attempt to solve the problem by convincing myself that the phone call either isn't very urgent or isn't very important, and hence I can ignore or avoid it without the over uncomfortable feeling. But I've now given myself cognitive dissonance; deep down I know that the phone call is urgent/important and I'm making excuses...

2. This sounds like an unhealthy coping mechanism perhaps learned from years of not knowing she had the disorder or not being treated. The thing is, that often especially when you're younger, you *don't* know why you failed to do something. Even when you're an adult, it's not always clear what happened. ADHD makes it hard to see where you went wrong. The problem is that when you're a kid and an adult says "Why did you do that?" and you say "I don't know" or "It was important to me but I just didn't", those aren't good enough answers. Adults get really mad when you give those answers. And adults also get mad when you say things like "I forgot" or "I got distracted" So you learn to make up plausible (or implausible) excuses to stop them being so mad. And over time I think that it can just become a reflex. Even now, I know it's not acceptable to say "I didn't do this because I just didn't". So I just say "I'm sorry, it won't happen again". *I know this is bullshit*. I know that, in fact, there's a high likelihood it will happen again. But you can't say that to somebody because they think you mean you don't care and you don't find it important. Neurotypical people find it really hard to imagine that a person's brain works differently to theirs and to them and everyone they know, if something is important, they prioritise it. They just can't process the idea that something can be important and your brain won't make it a priority. These are inextricably linked. If you didn't prioritise it you must have found it unimportant, and that means you don't care. If you, as a spouse to an ADHDer, take ONE THING away from this it would be that. **Importance can absolutely be divorced from priority, and for the most part we have no control over when that happens.** Did you ever watch this video? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfYbgdo8e-8 It's nothing to do with ADHD. But I really picked up on the part where it explains that when one side of the brain does something the other side does not understand, the second side doesn't like that and it immediately constructs a reason for itself why it must be so. I related to it because I think that actually this happens with ADHD as well. You get so used to making excuses, to filling the blanks, that it becomes a reflex and you almost convince yourself that's the truth.

3. I don't do this personally (that I'm aware of) so I don't know.

4. This is kind of related to point 2 but also it IS really irritating to have your problems explained to you by a neurotypical person through a neurotypical lens when often that isn't accurate because our brains work differently. I don't mind when my husband tries to work out where I'm going wrong, what I hate is when he tells me something which I know isn't true and yet he keeps insisting that it is true. For a time he did feel like he was "always wrong" when he was trying to help me or point things out but the problem was that he was normally wrong. You need to take your neurotypical glasses off when looking at the problems of an ADHD person, and that's not at all easy to do. The Barkley videos will help with this but it's also important to listen. It's not that we think you are stupid. It's that you are probably not the first person to ascribe a motivation to one of our actions which is just not there and it's frustrating to be told something about yourself that you know is not true, especially when you don't have the words to explain why it's wrong or what is actually right. There is a lot of uncertainty. It's also very emotional - it feels to me like my character is being attacked and I'm being falsely accused. I am working on being less defensive, but it's hard to undo years of that being the default self-protective response. The messing with timelines thing is also horrible to deal with. If you can make notes and have timelines externally verifiable it seriously helps. I have lost track of the amount of times we have gone back through whatsapp or skype conversations to look for proof of what happened when and it makes sense. Another issue with faulty memory is that perception can be out, so the memory actually gets constructed differently to begin with. I can quite often come away from a conversation with a totally different understanding of what we agreed to what my husband thinks we agreed, and if it happened to be a digital one, when I look back on it, his interpretation is usually closer to what an outsider would take from the conversation than what I have. When we discuss important things verbally, I have begun to make notes now and we compare. I feel stupid doing it but it helps. And lastly I don't know if this is a personality thing or an ADHD thing, but I tend to base my actions not necessarily on rigid things we agreed to, but on the part of the instruction I felt was important to the person - so if I misinterpret what was important, that causes a problem. This is especially an issue with vague instructions but I have been known to "translate" specific instructions into "OK - he wants me to do this task, that must be because X is important." I forget the specifics of the task, but remember X. Or I find a way to complete X without doing the exact task which involves less effort which speaks wonderfully to my avoidance thing. And I feel like I've completed what he asked. Meanwhile, he's confused because I haven't done what he suggested or I've given (what he sees as) a half hearted effort and given up. Often because X was not the part which was important to him.

5. If I can refer you back to the point about priority not being correlated with importance. It kills me that I am not on top of things which are important (which includes people I care about) and I know that this comes over as unempathetic or uncaring. I have so many good intentions. So many. It's very rare that any of them come to fruition which means that while I think of myself in my head as a nice, thoughtful, kind person, in practice I'm kind of blunt (because I don't always pick up on social cues), I forget all kinds of birthdays and other events or rush in at the last minute with a crappy thrown together gesture if anything at all. I make a monumental effort with things I know are important to my partner and friends... for about a month (I've recently found this to be my threshold of "getting bored") and then it tails off. I want to get better at these things but I am usually barely managing my own stuff... dealing with other people's things is just a step too far most of the time. And yes, that means I come across as selfish or dismissive. I don't wish to be these things. I just don't always have the energy reserves to actually take it into account. Anticipating future events is especially hard and that includes other people's feelings, unfortunately. But do be assured that (as long as they are nice underneath it!) the ADHD person does usually care very deeply about their loved ones' feelings and feels bad that they aren't always very attentive to them. Which probably doesn't help.

God I ramble a lot and I should have been in bed several hours ago but hope this was helpful. I'm a fast typer, so this is a kind of long/rambling answer, but I hope it helps. I think it is okay in organization, but it is long, just a forewarning.

I am not married, though I did have a 4-5 year relationship that ended due to some undiagnosed ADHD (mine, specifically), and some of your questions are more general... so I hope this is helpful. Also, if my tone seems brusque, please know I am just trying to be concise and quick (versus rambling, which I can easily slip into) -- not pass judgment. 

It is very natural for ADHD behaviors to get misunderstood, especially if it hasn't been diagnosed. A running theme through some of my answers will be, "Her experience of life is different than yours in a way that produces these behaviors that if *you* were to do them, would mean X, but when she does them, may mean Y instead." I hope it will be clear what I mean (if it isn't already) as I go through examples. Also, that theme is not to say you have to accept her behavior, or that it can't be changed, or that you should be ashamed of being frustrated. Those behaviors can be changed, but knowing why they happen (and why a good person, or a well-intentioned person might engage in them) will help you come up with solutions that work.

* **(1) Some of the procedural stuff that is easy for those without ADHD becomes very painful and scary for those of us with ADHD.** If it is undiagnosed, then all we know about complex, high-stakes, or routine adult things is that we manage to fuck them up and either fear for our lives, or make everyone think we're stupid. 

Driving requires juggling a lot of information and NEVER being too distracted to fail to yield to oncoming traffic on an unprotected left-turn, NEVER missing a stop sign, etc. The consequences of failing in those areas can literally be life or death -- and even when it isn't that severe, it can mean a LOT of money is involved. It means that when you're watching to make sure the oncoming traffic is clear before you turn left, that you also check that the light is still green, and that the last car wasn't passing through on a stale yellow (meaning you should just wait to the next green light). Miss that and start to go and -- ack! People are honking as they have to stop to accommodate you, you stopped because you thought there was going to be a collision so now you are in their way still and overwhelmed by the honking, they just want you to get the hell out of the way... Ouch.

Or calling someplace like a doctor, or a car repair place -- the issue of scheduling and making sure you know what to ask for and that you feel prepared to answer any questions they have... "Okay, and what kind of physical do you need -- gniffle or patlug?" <= The kind of question I am terrified of getting when I make those calls. Some casual question that I should know the answer to, but not only do I not know, but I don't even know enough to fake it. And sometimes if you admit you have no idea what they're talking about, the reaction is like, "Oh my god, seriously? Ugh. Well, how about you consult, I don't know, anyone who is over the age of twelve and get back to me. I can't help you with this, it is your preference, and you just need to get your shit together and figure it out and call back." (Of course, this is not the words they use -- and I'll have a bit more to say about this reaction in my next point.) 

On some level, I NEVER know what dumb shit I will have somehow missed out on by virtue of ADHD symptoms -- information that just never fully encoded, procedures I never learned. All of this is compounded by ADHD being genetic -- so often the ADHD-er was raised by a parent who also had undiagnosed ADHD, or maybe both parents had it. And if their relationship wasn't good, this can add fuel to the fire because now, instead of the non-ADHD parent being able to provide what the ADHD parent ALSO missed when they were growing up.... The non-ADHD parent views the children as echoing the same patterns of abusive neglect, entitlement, and casual disregard that they hate in your ADHD parent.

* **(2) ADHD is frustrating -- you know it, and we know it. ...Except when we don't.** When ADHD is undiagnosed, these behaviors are still frustrating... but get attributed to the person. Because people are judgy assholes? No. Because ADHD is frustrating! Especially untreated and unmanaged ADHD. VERY frustrating. 

When you don't know it is ADHD or some other problem, then you and everyone around you assumes it is you that is frustrating. You get feedback constantly -- at varying levels of intensity -- that you fucked up, missed something, screwed something up, should have been thinking, should have done this, should have done that, and you're just a huge pain in the ass, and why can't you just get your shit together because frankly, as is, you're kind of more of a pain to have around than anything... People don't mean to send that message, but if you're at all familiar with psychology research that says people need more praise than criticism in order to feel happy, secure, and cared for? 

There's some huge ratio like 3-6 nice things for every mean thing -- at that point, people seem happy, well-adjusted, etc. (To oversimplify it a bit -- I'm not looking at the study right now, but I would try to find it if someone really wants to hear that stuff.) But ultimately, the ratio doesn't matter so much as the basic point -- even at a 1 to 1 ratio of nice to mean things, people start to feel bad. Undiagnosed ADHD-ers can be in the position of receiving more like 5-8 mean things for every nice thing. And sometimes, the nice stuff is... eh. Like your slightly senile grandmother being like "oh, you're so cute and pinchable!" Or your teacher being like, "...Thanks for getting this in on time... :|" (where it has an undertone of "...for once") or, "See! I knew you could do this work! Now don't you see that if you work hard, you can do this?" (So this was good -- but it's brought up with a reminder of how shitty you were being, which isn't encouraging if you don't actually know how to do the right thing more consistently.)

As such, we can get really sensitive when it comes to rejection and negative feedback and get really defensive. Just like anyone who is being blamed all the time for something they're not trying to do -- we can get depressed, or we can get rebellious and oppositional, or we can get overemotional or even emotionally manipulative... In a way, you can think of it as similar to reactions to emotional abuse -- except that our parents may or may not have been emotionally abusive. (Some of them legitimately will have been -- others will have been reacting in a way that is perfectly appropriate and understandable for a child who is neurotypical -- but they didn't realize their child wasn't, and so while their behavior was not abusive, it still had similar effects in terms of the child having an experience that to them, is unpredictable punishment and a largely negative emotional tone with very little nurturance. Not all parents make this mistake -- but it is a very understandable mistake in many ways for those who have.)

This can lead to a lot of secondary comorbid conditions -- like depression, personality disorders, social phobia, anxiety, etc. People talk about certain anxiety disorders as worrying that everything will go wrong if you don't avoid certain things, or if you don't do other behaviors -- but what if your experience is that they DO go wrong? Yeah, the person with obsessive-compulsive personality disorder might be too perfectionistic and intolerant of mistakes when they insist on having things Their Way. But take the ADHDer who knows that if they don't set an alarm, they could forget to pick up their child from school, and you may end up with behavior that looks similar -- a rigid insistance on setting the alarm, and then a habit of checking it a few times to make sure it is set, before doing ANYTHING else. To someone who doesn't need that alarm, it seems like overkill, but to the ADHDer, that might be coping with this insane and confusing ability that they have to be able to forget important things -- that if undiagnosed, they don't understand, they just know that YES, things really CAN go terribly wrong if they don't do all of these rigid, anxious-looking behaviors. I'm going to post this separately because it is short* (and my other comments um... are... *not* short...)

But I really have loved the work of Rick Green -- he's a Canadian comedian who has ADHD and has done a lot of work towards educating others. He has fairly affordable infrmational videos on his webpage -- and they are not dry or dull. They are engaging, I think they're watchable for someone with ADHD even, and they may help some. The major ones he is known for are "ADHD and Loving It" and "ADHD and Mastering It" -- the first one gets into explaining and exploring ADHD, the second one has some tips and strategies. (Somewhere around $25-$35 each if I remember right.) He has other videos available for more specific topics, too, though.

He also has a lot of free content in terms of short videos that you can check out -- and there are a couple of good webinars he's hosted in the past that you can access for free. (The webinars are less comedic and may be harder to engage with for your wife if she has difficulty with sustained attention -- the short clips are more engaging and entertaining though, without sacrificing their educational value.)

His site is [Totally ADD](http://totallyadd.com/) -- and for me, it took a bit to get used to him. (He is unapologetically ADHD in some ways -- which is so refreshing now, but at first, it was like seeing someone admit openly to having a fetish that you feel ashamed about... for a weird and semi-awkward analogy. :P You're like "Hey, wait, ssshhh!" But he's just so thoughtful and engaging that I got into his stuff -- and it has helped a bit with some of that internalized shame and self-loathing. The part of me that wanted him to shut up was a part of me that also doesn't like myself for some of those same traits. Just in case that comes up for either of you.)

*Definitions of "short" may vary. Comment is offered as-is. Tl;drs are available on a case-by-case basis. No return are being offered at this time for the time it took you to read this. ('-') 2. I am a little but combative. I'm pretty nice butt instinct is to always disagree with my poor husband first. No matter what he says. Give me some time to think about it and I will come around. But the first words out of my mouth impulsively are often the opposite of what he says. But it's my impulse. I usually fix it.  Yes, the phone thing has happened on many different occasions. One in particular is finishing the activation on a cell phone that she wanted. I almost had to force her to do it. Now that it's done, she's happy, but it took sooo long. And I had to be the ass----. So, thank you for this and your other replies.

She's sitting here and has nothing to say about it. I don't blame her for feeling bad. I'm just glad she's open to the discussion. Thank you for replying.

I have reason to agree with some of your answers and disagree with others. I'll go with the two I can think of that I disagree with.  If  need to, I can go into further detail later.

1. ODD is a part of ADHD/ADD and explains question #4.

2. The part about bieng more empathic. I have reason to disagree with your assumption. I have learned and read, and also have first hand experience with a lack of empathy in ADD. It was one of the first things in the random videos we had watched also.

I'd say you're rather lucky in your symptoms. Some of these things have caused many problems in our marriage. I feel so bad for blaming my wife for these things. It's not her, it's the condition. I read the first sentence of every paragraph. Only answered the questions I got from the first sentence lol! I think I read an entire paragraph when I didn't understand the question. Haha. Not medicated.  Haha. I was worried about that. Oh, thank god. I felt bad lol. I was like "too long, going to comments" nope, avoiding stuff! LOL Haha, excellent point. Speaking as someone who writes to organize their thoughts (and therefore has big long missives at times)... giant walls o' text like this are anathema to people with ADHD. [My wife says thank you] So do I. It's nice to hear different peoples views on the subject.

I'm lucky that she's beginning to be open to the subject. I'm patient with her and take the time to help her understand things that she's not getting. We are trying to work things out. Accepting that ADD may be the biggest thing behind most of our problems has been relieving, at least to me [my wife is also slowly feeling the same. At the same time she is beating herself up about things. I try to discuss it with her and explain why I am relieved. She understands my view and agrees.]

I am not saying her ADD is the only problem. I know how my Depression colors things negatively. But I have worked hard to try to keep those things from starting arguments.

The way I see it is this. We watched some videos on relationship stuff a while ago. The guy on it mentioned stimulus and response in a relationship setting. As I have experienced it, ADD provides the stimulus. Of course, my depression provides the response. But the same would hold true if I were an alcoholic, a cheater, a wife-beater, or a compulsive shopper, whatever. The stimulus is provided by the ADD. I used to blame my wife. Now I see that it's not her fault, or that it wasn't her fault when she didn't know about it. If she continues to deny the ADD after it's effects have become so prominent in our relationship, and she has been given a chance to accept it, then it's her fault. The biggest problem is the ADD. It's effects are the root of most our arguments. It's effects are also why the arguments go so hay-wire so quickly. I'm learning. We're both learning.
 You're pretty much spot on with the description of fighting. With her what starts as a little skirmish breaks out into a full blown war in only a matter of minutes. From that point on, I'm chasing the ADD monster around, trying to get it out of the house (to put it figuratively). And it could happen over the smallest thing. That is what we went to marriage counseling for. I wanted to find some way to deal with the horrors that arise when we argue. Now that I know the monster's name though, and it's nature, I'm better prepared, and maybe I can fight it better. Maybe I can (help) make things right.

I am sorry your comment was answered last. It's just the last one with the default sorting. I think your comment has added to the conversation.

Now I am done. Yay. Aw hell no. That's not invasive at all. You are right. That's the way I was brought up. My parent's are both highly intelligent (although my dad is woefully uneducated) and nothing escapes their inquisitions. (exaggerating, of course). As far as my side, yes, that is a problem. I have worked very hard to curb it's effects in our marriage.

For example: cleanliness is a virtue to me. By that I mean that I am not a clean freak, but instead I have learned that people (strangers) judge you on their perception of how clean they think you are. I look like a slob. We do not have the money to be out buying clothes if something rips or gets stained. So our clothes are not the best. But, we keep ourselves clean. Our clothes are clean. We shower, take care of our teeth, etc. Along with those things, I've learned that keeping a clean house is also important. My parents house was always messy. I remember when I was young that if someone stopped over unexpectedly, ther'd be a mad dash to tidy things up. Hide the mess. As I grew up, I grew out of my parents messiness, and began to be embarrassed by the whole thing. Hide the mess? Keep it clean to begin with, or clean up sometimes. Why bother with the embarrassment? As I have now learned, ADD/ADHD can be a messy condition. My wife was like that. When we first got married, I was all over her, trying to get her to help cleaning the house. I was a little too overzealous at times. But as the years progressed, I backed off and she got better at keeping things cleaned (unconscious compensation). Plus, there were times where people stopped by and she felt embarrassed of her part of the mess. So she learned. For my part, I learned to NOT be so "Felix" like. Things do not have to be clean all the time. At least I know our house will likely never be as bad as my mom and dad's. (My wife's parents house was not very clean either, but that is understandable now, with the knowledge of ADD/ADHD's heritability).

And I looked at your article. At first I was intrigued... maybe I'm wrong. Then, as I read it, I realized that no, I'm probably right. See, i self-diagnosed Bipolar II. I've never asked for a specific diagnosis (I or II) and have never really gotten one. Through my research on Bipolar disorder I stumbled on Bipolar II and realized that is what I had. Especially with the changes in the DSM for 2013. I fit in the group they made the changes for.

I hope that you don't mind that I find your comments minimalizing. You are minimalizing my wife's part in things (i.e. taking no responsibility after having received a diagnosis and ignoring my own questioning of various abnormal traits throughout our marriage [your comment is one sentence about her and two paragraphs about me]) and you are minimalizing my Bipolar disorder. You link to an article trying to get me to decide if I have it or not. What's up with that? If you were not minimalizing you would not post such a thing.

See, I started the whole process before the Bipolar I or II distinction was introduced. Back then the doctors would say things like "That's not Bipolar Disorder" simply because they were using the DSM classification. If I had presented the same symptoms to them a few years later, after the distinction was added, they may have made a different decision. But, since the majority of the medical field uses the DSM, their view was limited by the current status of the DSM. So, I spent a period of time with dr.s telling me I was wrong, but still prescribing meds.

As time went by I became unconcerned with what it actually was. I just knew I had it and I had to find a way to deal with it. I worked hard it it over 20+ years. I saw many different dr.s and got many different reactions/diagnoses. Every one hovered around the Bipolar I/II area. But I didn't ask for a specific locked-in diagnosis. I just wanted to know how to live with it. All I really got was medication. Even when going to a **psychologist** whom I chose because I hoped for help and acceptance, not minimalization and drug therapy.

Throughout my life I've had people minimalizing my condition, from my parents and relatives, to friends and co-workers. "Just cheer up" "Your problem's not that bad. Listen to this..." "Are you on drugs?" "but you're sad all the time..." No shit. I told your I was Manic/Depressive. Later, I told you I was Bipolar. Eventually it was doctors.

It's frustrating. Everyone else's problems, everyone else's evaluations are more important, more correct, more right then mine. They don't live my life. I do.

Now I've got you. I gave you the information that I was Bipolar. You did not figure it out on your own. I know I probably have other problems outside of my Bipolar disorder. 20+ years of hard work has taught me that. In my opinion, most mental disorders are not solitary traits in a person. Instead, someone with schizophrenia may also exhibit signs of anxiety, for example, or someone with depression may be anorexic/bulimic. My wife has ADD/ADHD with a very strong anxiety trend mixed in. My own depression is tinged black by my own anxiety and anti-social traits. But for you to post such an article is offensive to me. To me, you're just the jerk who would say "cheer up" or "get over it". You're just the doctor who would say "that's not what it is" without taking the time it would take to make a real diagnosis.

To me, the discovery of the Bipolar II branch was a godsend (like the realization now of the ADD/ADHD root cause of our relationship problems). It explained what was unexplained. The addition of it to the DSM is a great big FUCK YOU to everyone who acted like I was wrong. Every doctor, every therapist, every person like you.

I've laid mine and my wife's lives bare open in this thread, exposing things that are embarrassing and not easy to admit. You make a snap judgement, offer nothing of yourself, and try to look smart. Congratulations. You stated something I figured out on my own a long time ago. Mental Disorders rarely come by themselves. They usually bring a friend or 16 along and ruin everything. Then you post a link questioning my condition. Thanks for the support. At least most of the other people took the time to give me their own viewpoints to my questions. You act superior and question the information I GAVE YOU. How does that help?

I'm still upvoting your comment though. I am well aware of the fact that you may be unconscious of you own flaws. You may have truly felt you were adding to the conversation.

 Thank you. I will take this into consideration. I may read the book, but is there a movie version, or perhaps cliff notes or something for my wife (haha) [she laughed also]. Yes, Not being able to control the response! That is a HUGE issue with ADD/ADHD! I don't fly into a rage, but break down into tears. Annoying for both of us. I think my husband would prefer the rage.  Yes. DR. B. describes the condition as a lack of inhibition. The impulsive emotional response is of no surprise to me in light of that knowledge. I understand it. My wife is also starting to see it's negative effects on our marriage. We cann't just fight about a missed phone call and get over it. The argument goes from 0 to 10000000 in a very short time. Now I know why. Inhibition, or a lack thereof. Seriously I'm ALWAYS wrong too!! I have started questioning my own brain. "Well if I think this Is the right answer then it probably isn't." Lol! I don't even trust me anymore. "What time do we need to be there?" Me: "7pm sharp! But don't listen to me I don't know anything." 1. one comment about your sister. What you mention sounds like anxiety, which can be a symptom of ADD (I think, don't quote me). Has she been tested?
2. Yes, she basically outright lies. To use your example, I do not KNOW she's in the house, but everything I experience, every bit of information will scream at me she's in the house. But she will say (in the moment, usually during an argument) that she is not in the house. It's only later (sometimes years later) that she finally admits that she was in the house. I don't harp on her about it over the years, either. Instead the admission will come on it's own, usually as a side bit in something else. But it comes. 

So, when I would be arguing that she was in the house, she would argue that she was not (making up other excuses instead). After a period of time, after the dust has settled, she might tell me that she HAD been in the house and that I was right to begin with.

BUT, in the beginning, I am always wrong. Thank you for taking the time to reply.

The beginning of your reply is exactly the way I've felt for the past several years. Yes, my depression may have been more of a problem in the past, and I struggle hard many days to keep it from totally ruining everything. But at the same time, I've also learned that I am not the only problem in the relationship. She has to acknowledge her own part in it.

That was not my original intention in writing this, but it has been an unforeseen outcome. I had hoped to just find out if I was really just a mean miserable freak or if others had the same problem.

With her coming home early yesterday, and her open acceptance of what I had done, I was able to get her to participate also. I think things may work out for the better. Only time will tell. Thank You for taking the time to reply.

I think you're pretty much dead on with #'s 1&2. I've witnessed so much from her that it can not be denied any longer. The fact that I now have a reason for the bad things (instead of just thinking my wife is a cruel, heartless bitch) makes me feel better. And, my wife's slow acceptance of the problems ADD has caused in her life may help her (i.e. she might not feel so stupid). For now she is in the depression phase of the acceptance. I hope I can help her transition into something better.

As far as #4 most people have gotten it wrong. I learned a long time ago NOT to try to figure out what she's thinking, or her motives (that's why I felt she was being cruel and heartless.)

Let me go a little further in depth with an example from our past:

A long time ago, my wife used to go and visit her mom. She loves her mom and I have no problem with this. The problem would come from how long she would be there, and further complications down the road.

She would go down and visit. I would expect the visit to last a few hours (lets say 2-4 hours). Instead, 6-7 hours later (ADD/ADHD people have trouble keeping track of time sometimes)  she would come home. Since I expected 2-4, after a certain time I would begin to worry. We discussed it, and it was decided that she would call me to let me know when she would be coming home. That's where the real problems started to come up.

So she'd go down for a visit (she'd even say she was only going for a short visit. another 6-7 hours later though...) with the promise she would call. To her credit, she would call (take THAT ADD) and tell me she was coming home soon. I'd wait another 4-5 hours, and she'd eventually come home. Now, 4-5 hours later doesn't sound like "soon" to me (and to her also).  Then a fight would break out, first, because she would not believe she had been there that long ("what, are you keeping track of me?" she'd say. "no, but I can tell time. If you leave at 11:00 and don't get home after 6:00 that's 7 hours.")

This is where the lies and me being wrong would begin. I might suggest that she was at her mom's just talking, and that she had just lost track of the time. (of course, this is probably what happened. I've lived through it with my parents when I was a child. They would spend looong periods of time talking to someone here or there and lose track of the time. They might even admit it later. But I get it. I understand.) But, I was wrong. She'd say so many things (remember, this happened many times over several years) trying to cover up the fact that she just lost track of the time. I cann't even give an example of her excuses, because they were always different and always unacceptable/implausible for the amount of time that she was there beyond the phone call where she said she was coming home "soon." Though the excuses changed over time, the actions would not. It became obvious over time that they were just excuses, and held no substance. Every single time it would happen (visit/call/home many hours later) I would suggest that she just lost track of the time. Every time I was wrong. (Though I had a growing suspicion I was right)

Eventually her mom died and so did that branch of the argument, but there were so many similar-but-different situations. Every time I would suggest what her actions may have been, I would be wrong. Instead I would the still-lame, still-implausible excuses.

To finish off the phone call thing, I'll add this. Just last week, I think, we were discussing some of this stuff, and she said to me something like "You know, when I used to go visit my mom, and would call and tell you I was coming home soon, but then come home much later? Well, you were right. I would just be sitting and talking to my mom. I even remember saying 'holy shit mom. I told ---- I'd be home soon and it's been X hours.' So, you were right, and I just said you were wrong." (OF COURSE that's not verbatim, but you get the jist).

I had been right all along. Her shame in her ADD led her to lying to me. To try to cover up the embarrassment of her ADD having won the fight, she would lie. The O.D.D. that comes along with ADHD/ADD also reared it's ugly head. Since I was taken to be the scolding parent (a position I DO NOT want) she was defiant of me.

I do not try to guess what she's thinking. 

A better example may be this: her new favorite coffee cup. Now, I wash most of the dishes. By hand. I noticed that I was washing her newest coffee cup more often then all the others. In fact, she rarely used the other cups once she go this one. I jokingly said that we should get rid of all the others, since she only used the one (paraphrasing here) Her:"No I don't, I use the other ones" ME:"But I do the dishes and I know" Her:"No, you're wrong, I use the other ones" Then she would use one of the others, once or twice, then it was back to using her new favorite cup. I'd jokingly say something about it again, with the same results; I am wrong. Then she'd use a different one once or twice and back to the favorite. After this repeated several times, I said to her, more seriously, something like "Look, I do the dishes. I say to you that you use just one cup. You then use a different one for a little bit, to prove me wrong, then it's back to the new one. It's not a big thing, but let's be honest. I have the proof of my own experience. I know you use just the one cup." Eventually she stopped telling me I was wrong. She uses the one cup, and that's fine by me. I was just pointing out a trend that was glaringly obvious. She, because of the ODD (I think), had to say I was wrong.

I could not be right, even about a trend I could document, if I so chose.

That's what I mean.

Sorry, don't mean to pick on you. It seems some people just get what I'm talking about. Some don't. Yours is just the first today so I've taken too long answering. I don't know if I should change the original post, add an edit, or what. The OP is so looooooong to begin with. I don't know what to do. For now I'll go on to reading more replies and figure something out as I go.

Thank you again for your response. I think I've kind of been long-winded enough that I covered most of the ground I wanted to cover. To briefly get at some of the other points -- ADHDers can end up lying because they're constantly put on the spot to explain what they can't explain: Why didn't they do what the neurotypical person says is the super-obvious thing to do that everyone else does because they actually care? And the ADHDer does care... so why? Why didn't they do it? They don't know. Oh, that's not an acceptable answer? So what do they do next? Try to find some kind of answer that works:

1. Some ADHDers may break themselves trying to never be in that situation -- even though for them, that might mean sleeping only four hours a night so their homework is all done so that they never have to face those questions of why the homework wasn't done. (Because "It was hard" isn't acceptable even if is true for the kid -- and if they didn't pay perfect attention in class, that can get, "Well, if you had paid attention, maybe it wouldn't have been." Teachers can sometimes get very negative to ADHD kids who they see as possessing HUGE character flaws that they seem to treat like the kid could just overcome if they weren't so shitty. Of course -- I say this a lot, but I don't want to ever leave this part out -- the teacher may be doing their best to teach, they might have other stressful stuff going on that also limits their patience, and if the ADHD is undiagnosed, they may honestly not realize the kid is doing their best. They're often not trying to be mean or unforgiving or hurtful -- and often they don't have the kind of support and security that would enable them to bring out the best they have to offer in terms of time investment, and empathy.)

2. Others might accept the guilt and may learn that it often at least defuses the situation to say some (less direct) variant of, "It is because I am a bad person and put it off. I do not deserve anything, and all I can do is appeal for mercy, as the lowly cretin that I am, but if you turn me away, I shall accept it as the fate that I have earned."

3. Still others might learn that (especially early on) some excuses or some emotional displays get them out of it. If they start to cry, maybe people soften and become more sympathetic and willing to help. Or if they make up a good enough excuse, maybe others nod along, sympathize... What, your irresponsible parent didn't pick you up on time from your extracurricular activities and so you couldn't get to it? Ah, yes, that is terrible. And wow -- now they have someone taking THEIR side? That never happens!! That can become addictive.

And these are solutions often tried beginning at a young age -- that is, these aren't the malicious, well-crafted excuses of a sociopath. These are small children who are in duress, who are not getting messages of acceptance or success, who aren't feeling like they know how to earn the praise and esteem of the adults around them (who don't understand what is going on any better than the kid and who are often doing their best... but drowning in their own feelings of inadequacy and failure at parenting etc.)... and if they can find a way of escaping that, they will often repeat it just through reinforcement, not as a calculated move. But just repeating an action that had some strong reward -- affirmation, or being left alone... even someone giving up on you can feel good if the alternative was aggression and contempt.

And remember -- the undiagnosed ADHD-er, if they were raised by their biological parents, will almost ALWAYS have one of their parents having ADHD. (ADHD is as heritable as height.) So some of these negative behaviors can then be passed on directly from parent to child, as an adult who is coping questionably goes on to teach their questionable coping methods to their children, who grow up and... so on and so forth. Of course, in this situation, they are doing their best -- they aren't trying to cope poorly, but they may have given up after a point, and just accepted being an outcast. But I am not trying to slander them or anything. 

----

Now, just because this behavior isn't intentional doesn't mean it isn't shitty or you need to take it. You have the right to set limits. But you will need SPECIAL strategies to work around these symptoms. So when it comes to her being uncaring and unsympathetic, if you can both get on board with treating it as an ADHD problem, you can look up solutions that have worked for others. Maybe when you feel like she is being that way, you can agree that you have the right to ask for distance in some non-triggering way. But it requires cooperation too, because if every time she becomes emotional, now it is viewed as this mean ADHD thing, that can mean all of her distress becomes invalidated -- which is a problem if it sometimes IS a valid response.

You are probably best off getting some of this help from books (which will be more thoroughly researched and sourced), and ideally, from a couples therapist that *specializes in ADHD and dealing with ADHD issues in relationships* -- they're out there! (Other couples therapists... I would almost recommend against them because the instinct of what would work with two non-ADHD individuals will almost always lead the therapist astray when dealing with a couple where one of you HAS ADHD.) Also, medication can be a big help. 

But remember, as much as you are in a relationship and she is affecting you, she also is an adult who has the right to make decisions about her care. She needs to decide if treatment is right for her, and it might take some time for her to decide, even if it seems obvious to you that the answer should be yes. You can support her as she comes to her decision -- but you also should remember that you have the right to leave the relationship. It wouldn't be easy and you have to decide for yourself whether it is at that point -- but if she decides she doesn't want treatment, or she is taking a long time to decide, don't assume that she is wrong for her decision (or failure to decide). It is her decision -- but you also have the right to say that whatever happens, there are certain behaviors you can no longer deal with, and that you want to work seriously towards eliminating them, and if they cannot be eliminated, you need to get out of that relationship for your own health. 

That would be one of those issues where the tone matters so much -- and she can still take it wrong even if your tone is right. But there are tones you could take that would not be helpful, too... and that is the kind of thing where having a therapist to work with you would be ideal. They can help you build better communication patterns between you, and help you figure out together what strategies to try, how to problem solve them when they aren't working as expected, how to decide when the strategy is unlikely to work for you versus when it just needs to be tweaked... and they can be that impartial party. Because both of you are distressed, suffering, and emotional to one degree or another -- and that does not help with balanced problem solving, right? Getting outside help can be KEY. And if you search any online bookstore using queries like 'ADHD relationships,' you'll find a number of books on the matter -- websites too, but there's a point where the books will be more detailed. The websites will necessarily be more superficial and surface level and it sounds like you need more than that at this point, but they can give you some idea of what you'd read more about in the books. They might also help you select an author that resonates with you, because I am sure there are going to be multiple options out there (and I don't know which are the better or worse ones personally).

----

Finally -- I just want to say how encouraged I was when I got to the end (I skimmed some in the bottom/middle area, but I think I got everything, but I was typing as I went, too) -- and I saw you said "we" are reading these. That is a huge thing, that you are working together on this.

This will require compassion for her from you... compassion for you from her... and compassion from each of you for yourselves. It won't be easy to be understanding towards someone who has acted so confusingly and hurtfully... it also won't be easy for her to realize she might really have been hurtful and maybe you weren't being unfairly critical, but maybe she actually had symptoms of a condition that made her behavior legitimately questionable... And both of you have to negotiate that you can have compassion for both of you, without conflicting. That is -- feeling sorry for having hurt you does not mean she has to condemn herself. And feeling compassion for your own pain is not a failure to understand her, necessarily -- you HAVE gone through a lot.

Best of luck, and if all this writing didn't scare you away and you are masochistic enough to ask for more, I'll do my best to get back to any other questions if you have them and think I could be helpful. Wow, sorry, I'm still chuckling. I thought I posted alot. I don't know how to respond to it all (this top part. I haven't read what's below though.)

Thank you very much for taking the time to reply.

I get you entirely. My wife and I had a rather frank discussion about her ADD yesterday and she echoes your feelings. I get it too (don't forget, I'm Bipolar. This has led to problems with outsiders for me. In fact, I feel like the biggest freak here). I'll admit that I did act like an asshole sometimes to my wife. And it was because of the symptoms of her ADD. I was uninformed and ignorant. But, I am learning. (We have been making unconscious changes in our routines through the years to compensate for her ADD. We just didn't know about it then). Now that I know about it, I feel like an even bigger ass. But, armed with my new knowledge I can try to be better in the future. I'll check it out.

I like the TL;DR by the way. It's funny. 3. This is my most debilitating Symptom of ADHD. Research "Executive Function Disorder" and watch this video if you want to understand this. I cannot move or do anything unless I absolutely have to. Like: ok I have to feed the kids. I'll get up. But I am seeking medication because I have become useless due to this exact symptom. https://youtu.be/SCAGc-rkIfo

It's horrible. I hate myself. But I can't help it unless someone helps me to care enough to move.  Hello, are you me? LOL Same thing here. I get really irritated with that though. Always feel like I'm lesser of the couple.  That's it to a T. I did not see mention of it in the random videos we had watched, but I did see something about in Dr. Barkley's (Dr. B. from now on) videos. He calls it O.D.D, Operational Defiance Disorder, and explains it is an inherit symptom of the condition. I discussed it with my wife. She understands it as how she has felt about her last boss. She hated that boss, and was very irritated by her boss, and I could tell that my wife's response to her boss was something more then just having a problem with your boss. There is almost a hatred of that person. That is not typical of my wife. She's a nice person. But she hates that boss.

She's also laughing at my typos. tis is weird. Let her know she has a tribe. We are all here and we totally understand her.  And watching this video changed me. https://youtu.be/SCAGc-rkIfo Yeah, sure, WRT the empathy thing, it's sometimes a reaction to the fact that we just go out and blurt stuff out and then wonder why people dislike us. That being said, I don't think we are necessarily non-empathetic *naturally*. What *does* happen a lot is that people who have ASD get misdiagnosed (or not even mis - I've read where people will say that if you are on the spectrum, you aren't even tested for ADHD because it's just assumed that you manifest the symptoms). People with ASD absolutely can lack empathy. With ADHD I think it's a bit more complicated than that.

As for oppositional defiance disorder, sure, we also tend to defy stuff. It's also possible that, you know, you've just got a (slightly) dysfunctional relationship going on with the wife at the moment. Many people do not appreciate being told what they are thinking, especially if it's not actually what they are thinking.

Otherwise, I'm not sure that my particular symptoms are "lucky" or "unlucky". I was pretty damn hyperactive as a kid but didn't actually get diagnosed until rather late in life. Many people have ADHD worse than I do and I can point to a couple times that it's actually helped me. I am *definitely* lucky that I was born a cis white male, especially given that I have ADHD, because it's so often underdiagnosed in minorities and women. "Luck" is such a weird word, though. Life is a lot more complicated than rolling dice. Same. Not medicated. I'm an excellent scan reader. Lol It's funny how sometimes I see a post like this and I'm like "no way in hell could I ever read all that" and then sometimes I spend 5 hours doing nothing but reading huge posts/comment threads... Usually when I should be doing something productive instead.  Lol.  "Missives" cann't even think of the last time I heard that word. Your vocabulary is impressive. I am glad to help and am rooting for you two. I read somewhere that often times issues in relationships are not typically one individual's sole fault but result of both partners feeling that their needs or issues are not being heard and accepted by the other.

In the case of me and my husband my mentality for a time was to focus on my problems and how I am impacted by issues in the relationship while ignoring his experience. My goal was to figure out how to make me happy and minimize my feelings of being overwhelmed with little thought about this being a team effort.

It's not that I didn't care about my husband but I couldn't calm my thoughts enough to think about things from his end. Usually after an arugment and we talked it out I would understand. Now that I am on medication I can see how one sided I was being and how my adhd was affecting him and my responses too. I overreacted a lot when he was trying to reach out or I'd dismiss his opinions. He has the patience of a saint to deal with me and I am trying to thank him by making am effort to check in on him too. I feel incredibly guilty because neglecting his needs was never my intention.

To be honest the reason I went to my doctor and therapy was to save the relationship. I knew we had problems but that my behaviour was contributing to the strain. I didn't want to go on medication or admit I had a problem but decided my relationship was more important than my ego and I agreed to give it a shot which was the best thing I've done for me and us. 

Anyway I hope this can give you two some insight and hope. It's still a work in progress but we are getting much better and feel more connecting than ever. You two have been together for 16 years..that sounds like two committed  people who love each other...I wish you both the best!

 Follow my logic here: anxiety or personality disorders can cause depression, because life with them is often legitimately depressing. As you're doubtless aware, a very high percentage of people with ADHD (for example) have anxiety, depression, personality disorders, even bipolar, and often continue to after treatment for ADHD. The rates for those medicated while young are much closer to those of the rest of the population.

As you're doubtless aware, lots of people out there who think they have Bipolar II do not, or have it along with (or even because of, given our relative ignorance of causes) another trouble that deserves acknowledgement and treatment.

As you're doubtless aware, lots of laypeople who saw doctors and read textbooks for years and who have self-diagnosed are not (or are only partly) correct, even if the psychologists and other mental health professionals they saw were also (or partly) incorrect.

Think of the example of your wife. We do not see ourselves even if we never stop seeing detailed versions of ourselves in our head. A lot of the lies she's told you probably stem from her not knowing the truth herself. We can get very attached to imperfectly plausible explanations about our own behaviour, since doing without them leaves us in a very unsettling place. 

I'm not denying the existence of Bipolar II, or denying that you have it, or suggesting you just need to smell the flowers, or that your psychologist(s) had the right idea, or suggesting your marriage troubles are your fault, or that you aren't intelligent, or even that you're wrong, or that you are inferior to me (my complete irrelevance to your problems is why I'm not talking about me). I am saying that in your description of your marriage you have likely left out some facts about yourself that are on display in what you write here - and yes, in your "aw hell you're not invasive" to "how dare you" response. You're sweeping something extreme about yourself under the rug, something that, even if caused by your upbringing or some rational reactions to your life situation, looks like it's a significant contributor to your present suffering.

Whether talking to your wife, or to yet another therapist, or reading about what might have been left out of (or hidden behind) your self-assessment as Bipolar II will be of any help I couldn't say. Look at my actual words - all I've been suggesting is that these are immediately available potential info sources. They could help you see whatever it is that you're denying.

If denial of mental/behavioural issues were separately diagnosable it would be the most common diagnosis of all. And probably criterion #1 would be hostile or elaborate denials of the very possibility. But you ARE denying something about yourself. You say your wife is not smaller and dumber than you - good. But notice that means that your intellectual equals are entirely able to miss (or suppress) quite a bit about themselves.

And frankly the more you describe your parental environment the clearer it is that something other than Bipolar II was going on in your own household and/or gene pool. Is it possible you adhere to your self-diagnosis because, to you, it seems like something neurological, thus free of blame? Because from what I've seen you're very ready to blame the fuck out of other people for behaviour that's not at all their choice. On that note, I haven't been discussing your wife's likely ADHD because others have - amply. I've instead zeroed in on what they've either missed or were too polite to address. There's an elephant in the room other than, and maybe larger than, Bipolar and/or ADHD.

(Note, btw, the instructive parallels between what you reject in others' past descriptions of what's up with you and yours of what's up with your wife; if nothing else, this might help you remember how invasive and off-base such interventions can feel even when correct. There are no bridges between you and me to burn, and it wouldn't matter if there were. She's another story.) Seriously, don't use words like ALWAYS, and I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING. (sorry for the all-caps. just using for emphasis). Such things are defeatist and damaging. My wife does the same thing, and I have to spend time trying to convince her about the absurdity of such a statement.

How can you be "always wrong" if I can read what you have written?

Did you get dressed this morning, eat, take a crap, whatever. How'd that go. Probably the same as everyday. Even though there may be problems with one or two things here or there, you did it. Yay.

You're obviously not always wrong.

Self defeating statements like these do not help you at all, unless you are using them as a tool to help you break the cycle. Take it from someone with Bipolar disorder. If I let it, my brain would manufacture a constant stream of this trash. And I'm not trash.

Neither are you. > 1. one comment about your sister. What you mention sounds like anxiety, which can be a symptom of ADD (I think, don't quote me). Has she been tested?
2. Yes, she basically outright lies. To use your example, I do not KNOW she's in the house, but everything I experience, every bit of information will scream at me she's in the house. But she will say (in the moment, usually during an argument) that she is not in the house. It's only later (sometimes years later) that she finally admits that she was in the house. I don't harp on her about it over the years, either. Instead the admission will come on it's own, usually as a side bit in something else. But it comes. 

> So, when I would be arguing that she was in the house, she would argue that she was not (making up other excuses instead). After a period of time, after the dust has settled, she might tell me that she HAD been in the house and that I was right to begin with.

> BUT, in the beginning, I am always wrong.

~ */u/ohnonotthatass----* Nah that's okay :) Just keep talking to folk I guess. I doubt people will go back and read an edit anyway. It's a starting point and makes a back and forth.

Sorry if I assumed something that wasn't the case - I'm just going with my own experience, that's all any of us can really tell you, unless you are lucky enough to find a psychiatrist or counsellor who really knows ADHD very well.

Yes I think there is a definite tendency to be defiant just for the hell of it with ADHD. I always assumed everyone had this instinct to fight against direct orders? I don't know. I know that for example if someone stands over me and says "Do this. Now." it instantly awakens the stroppy teenager "Make me." It's stupid and pointless. But it makes me so angry for someone to just tell me what to do. Who do they think they are? I don't mind being asked nicely. I might not do what you ask but it won't be a refusal, it will be because I got distracted usually.

But anyway. The thing that jumps out at me over your example with her mum is - why was it so important? I mean I get that it's worrying when she says "I'll be home soon" and then isn't home soon. But why spend all of that energy and effort trying to work out WHY she was late (unless of course you suspected cheating or something like you said originally, but I don't think that was the problem, was it?) You're probably right, she did just lose track of time. Why is it so important that she admits that? It seems like the whole argument ended up being about what exactly it was which caused her to be was late which probably wasn't really important at all, all you wanted was that she would keep you updated.

You guys might want to look up a condition called Pathological Demand Avoidance. It's a little known subset of autism, but it doesn't present like typical autism, in fact it's more like ODD. It presents as a person who is basically unable to cope with anything they perceive as a demand being made of them. There isn't a lot of information or awareness of it but it sounds to me like there might be some similar things going on and so some of the techniques for managing it might be helpful. Unfortunately many of the resources online are aimed at parents dealing with a potentially PDA child but this is one about adults: http://www.pdasociety.org.uk/families/adults-with-pda

It could be misdiagnosed as ADHD but also, ADHD is commonly comorbid with other conditions. It's not impossible for a person to have traits of both.

I have to go out now but good luck. Thank you again.

I get most of what you're saying. In our discussion last night, my wife expressed some of what you have said. She has spent most of her life being the person who is wrong. She could not figure out why she would be wrong and labeled herself as a stupid person. But, it was the ADD that was causing it.

The thing about therapy. We tried it and it was unsuccessful. Thinking back, we told the therapist my wife had been diagnosed ADD and the therapist just brushed it off. Since I was the one who admitted I had a problem, I had to be the source of the problems in the marriage. It didn't help that the therapist was a young woman either. I was seen as the controlling, manipulative male out to dominate my smaller, less intelligent wife. That couldn't have been further from the truth. I just wanted to know why we had these same recurring problems. The therapist just dismissed ADD in the first session.

But, we had problems with the therapist from the beginning. I was in the process of applying for SSD at the time. We had almost no money at the time, but I knew we needed some sort of help, or we were facing divorce. So I searched online and found that a local place was offering discount therapy sessions through our local school system, as long as you met their criteria. Being broke, we sure as hell met the criteria. The rate was supposed to be $5 per visit. There was no limit on how many people (not $5 per person). I spoke to the school and set everything up, then spoke to someone at the therapist's office and set up the rst. Everything was OK. We go for our first visit and the therapist asks for $20. What, I thought it was supposed to be $5. Nope, $10 each. Well, OK, we go with it and I just think I got it wrong. But, later, as I'm thinking about it, I realize that it was only $5. So, the next visit, the therapist asks for $20. I question it again, and again I am told I am wrong. What can we do? we're getting marriage counseling for $20. How can I complain? In between the second and third session, the school call to verify that we have been going to the appointments (the dr.s don't tell them) and I ask the lady how much the visits are supposed to cost "$5 per visit","Even if it's two of us?", "$5 per visit, that's how much they signed the contract for.", "Oh, well they've been charging us $20, even insisting that's the price", "No, it's $5 per visit, even if it's two of you." The next week it was cleared up.

That wasn't the only thing though. At one point she told me the I wasn't Bipolar, even though I've had many dr.s give me that exact diagnosis. I told her right off the bat about my feelings and experiences with antidepressants and why I was not taking as many as she wanted me to (I was on something at the time, but like EVERY other med I tried it did nothing) and, that if she insisted I must take them we would be ending our professional relationship. She seemed to understand. She also found ways to sneak her love of meds as a treatment for Bipolar disorder (I'm exaggerating here) into every appointment, often times saying the problems my wife and I were having were due to my not taking meds. Then she tried to split us up into separate sessions (my wife asked and it would be $5 each then, I guess they had to have it). While we were trying to decide if we were going to keep on going to them or not, the therapist called the school, and told the lady at the school I wasn't taking meds. That was the final straw for me. My wife had already decided she didn't want to go, I joined her.

Therapy is such a tricky thing. It depends so much on your therapist. I actually find that I prefer this method though. Seeking the help of people with direct experience of the problem seems almost more logical than seeking the help of an outsider. The doctor has to learn what it's like to have ADD or Bipolar Disorder or Schizophrenia. Of course, there's alot to be said of the scientific end of the learning process. That's where having a professional opinion can help.

Sorry, I'd try to explain that better, but I have things to do. I'll get back to this later. If you do feel inclined (versus like it will make your soul cry), do read the rest! I tried to be clear (and I think I was better at it in the second comment) that the intent was not to shame you or to make you feel bad for not being more understanding earlier on. More just to explain how your description didn't jive with my experience -- because you definitely can't get to a solution framing the situation inaccurately. But this isn't to say that I expect you to have been able to frame it accurately before now -- it is good to ask others who have ADHD to explain! That's all!

As for the bipolar -- I am not bipolar, so I don't know what that is like, very true. And you probably relate to the struggles of being treated like an outsider and of adding complications to the lives of others more than the average person does. But they are still different things. One difference -- bipolar gets romanticized, which is a problem, because there is nothing romantic about the consequences that can occur when symptoms are not well managed (as I am sure you could speak to far more than I) -- and ADHD often gets trivialized, as a kind of minor problem that once described, should be able to be solved through just a little bit of effort. Or as something that -- okay, you're spacey, but come on, have a red bull or something and get with the program.

I don't mean different in that condescending way that means, "but ADHD is still worse" or "your problems aren't important" -- more that... well, first, be careful to let her tell you her story versus being like "Yeah, yeah, but I've experienced that too." (Not to say this is all you are doing, just that it could come off that way.) But also, after being trivialized, we're probably going to be extra sensitive about anything that even looks a tiny bit like you are trivializing it (for instance, saying you feel like the biggest freak here -- does that mean that we don't even know struggle, so you got all that down, and you're still kind of wondering why it corrupts our character? Well... probably not, and certainly not in any conscious way. That's the kind of subtext it can be easy to project though, because so many before may have said something to the amount of "yeah, well, people don't like their jobs, cry me a fucking river" etc -- they've said they empathize with our experiences, and then told us why they were small problems. So we'll be a little crazy in that regard sometimes.  

There are going to be nuances that both of you will find it difficult to understand about each other's experience, but that it will be all too tempting to feel like you understand. So just be careful.

Also, there is a 13 minute video by Barkley on how to handle Adult ADHD that you might want to check out -- I am linking here to the notes I made on it via workflowy -- the link is there, but I figured the notes could only help. (They're in an outline format, for what it is worth! So er... but it won't hurt my feelings if you don't use them. :))

https://workflowy.com/s/mtco4rOwgy 4. See number 2.  But also: people with ADHD are impulsively moody and unpredictable. We are kind of scary because you never know how we will respond. And if you are sensitive it will just hurt you all the time. (My sweet husband could talk to you for hours about this.) kids who have parents with ADHD grow up walking on egg shells because they are afraid of the unpredictable temperament.  Don't hate yourself. It's not your fault. As someone with a condition myself (Bipolar) I know you can not blame yourself.

I think of it as what you do about the problem. If you do nothing, that to me is not helpful. Doing something, anything, is better then doing nothing. Even doing something and failing is better. At least you tried. I'd rather see some effort, even if it doesn't work out like you planned.

That being said, I do not like it when someone uses their condition as an excuse. [My wife speaks up here] You can't use the fact that you're obese that you cann't clean the house, that you cann't get up and shower. You cann't use obesity as a reason to eat more food. (WE were [typos] both fat and have lost weight. We find some fat peoples excuse ridiculous (My apologies to anyone offended) 

So, don't hate yourself. My wife doesn't [I hate my hair; I don't hate myself she says] Try to do your best. your husband will love you for it, or so it sounds. Soul sisters. Also: of course I *used* to love to knit haha. â¤â¤â¤ We are a tribe! She's not alone!  Thank you for posting this. I wondered if there was a full length video of the lecture. LOL I end up endlessly scrolling through pictures on Reddit or Pinterest! LOL Hey, an English / creative writing major has to be worth something, right? Answers like this may help my wife indeed. She has been totally against any thought that ADD could be the problem. I think that instead, she was beating herself up, calling herself stupid, etc. over the things we would fight about. I didn't help matters though, by being uninformed of ADD's symptoms and their varieties. To me her actions seemed cold and uncaring. Now that i know more about how ADD works, I can better understand her side of things. Oh for crying out loud. You're the one asking for help here. Stop zeroing in on me plz. I understand what you're saying- I'm just making a friend with /u/knittedgalexy here. Feel free to move along.  I agree, the phone thing with her mom wasn't a big deal. But lying to cover it up did bother me. And I wasn't trying to make her do anything. But she would promise to do it, then not do it.

I am a very honest person, almost to a fault. It's not that I don't lie, it's just that I have had terrible luck with lying. As a consequence, I don't lie very much to my wife. I figure that she'll eventually figure it out. 

That's what made the on-going nature of the whole thing so trying for us. As my wife, I have to be able to trust her more then I trust anyone else. But here was this morally-sound ethically-stable person doing something that was against her character. And I have to trust her. 

So, a huge fight would break out. I had no desire for a fight, but emotional irrationality comes with ADD/ADHD. So, what could have been a discussion ends up being a war.

I would be accused of not believing her, so I would give her another chance. The same thing would happen again. Wash-Rinse-repeat, and repeat, ^and repeat ^and repeat. It was a merry-go-round, with the same sort of lies every time. 

But I knew what was going on for the most part. If I had only had the info on ADD back then, things would have been different.

Now I/we know. Hopefully we can change it for the better. That is what I did when we finally got a diagnosis of her as having ADD. I trivialized it. I knew little about it, and was prejudiced against it. Now I know better.

And that is one thing people have done with my condition. I call it minimalization. My problems and emotions mean very little to the outsider. I will try very hard not to do that to my wife.

And I may look at your link sometime. I have to admit, there's so much new information presented here that it's going to take me some time. Imagine how it seems to my wife.  5. I don't know I'm being uncaring or insensitive. I need it explained to me. I'm not medicated yet. So.. maybe someone else can tell you if medication helps. Also: there are some Facebook groups just for spouses of people with ADHD. I am thinking I should add my husband. â¤â¤. I was told during my diagnosis that medication can work wonders for many people with ADHD. my husband and I both are hopeful that things can change when/if I get started on it.  Thank you I appreciate that! 

A side note: people who don't actually have full use of their brains probably shouldn't be making fun of anyone.  ADHD doesn't cause that one. It usually causes added empathy and compassion.... 

A lot of people in here have impulse control issues and it's time to forgive other people their weaknesses. Especially when it's actually way worse to be almost comatose and non functioning - than it is to be fat and useful.  it's the only hobby I've been able to stick with! LOL My guilty pleasure is spending HOURS on r/AskReddit and reading every single comment in a thread lol. Huge waste of time but I love it for some weird reason.  Is it? Sorry, i'm not zoning in on you. i didn't even read your name. Honest.

i was just commenting on a destructive negative attitude. I spent so long beating myself up for my problems, only to realize how much harm it was doing to me. When I see someone else doing it, I have to say something. Your comment was short, and it just stuck out.

Once again, I don't mean to pick on you.

(Maybe you just have bad luck like me. It was just luck that made me make that comment, sort of. If your comment had not caught my attention like it did, I might not have said anything.)

Sorry. Lastly. Best of luck to you. Thank you for seeking help on this. I know I have parents with ADHD -- and I know that my husband and children suffer from this as much as I do- and in ways that I cannot possibly understand. I need to medicate myself for their sakes. (Working on it.) If I didn't have children to worry about- I can imagine I might not feel so motivated to fix this. Bless you.  Sorry again. We did not mean to offend anyone. Or judge anyone. It was just a quick comment my wife made and I supported. In the past we have both used our being overweight as an excuse for one thing or another. Both my wife and I have experienced that.

Once again we are sorry. We are reading this and answering it together (I'm typing). We did not take all the time necessary to come up with a less sensitive example. Sometimes it's reddit, other times it's my knitting site...either way...great ways to waste time while looking like you're working. LOL Forgiven of course. â¤ cheers to you both!  