Give me some of your experience in gaining the ability to read something without letting your mind wander. 99.99% of us are probably familiar with this scenario: 

Reading through a paragraph/page and realizing that you have verbalized the words in your head, but your mind was thinking about something totally different and you comprehended **nothing** about what you just read. 

So you sigh and read it again; only to realize that you started thinking about something else (perhaps even started thinking about *trying* to concentrate) and only digested half of the text. 

I'm medicated with amphetamines and I still struggle with this issue. When I'm reading a novel or some compelling story, I am often able to stay in it -- it draws my attention. 

I'm currently studying for the LSAT and I often find myself reading and re-reading to try and comprehend the text in a question. Not because it is purposefully difficult to read (it is totally designed as such), rather I'm thinking about something else, usually test related (timing, pacing, a previous question, etc.). Bear in mind that most of these passages I'm describing are maybe 3 sentences (LR for those in the know). 

Do any of you have any tips to stay focused on your reading? I only read in my bedroom on my Kindle, where I have eliminated all electronic distractions. Sometimes it helps me to use a bookmark to isolate the sentence I'm currently reading. If I see a longer article online I want to read I send it to Kindle. I read at the same time every day, just before I go to sleep. Sometimes I listen to relaxing music without lyrics. Classical or jazz are good for reading. Classical for literature, jazz for noir! 

I've found that making activities into rituals helps a lot with focus. I do exactly what you described, even on my meds. I found something that helps is reading it out loud, its a lot slower but at least I'm actually reading it. 

Another trick is listening to the audio version while you read it. I get distracted when I just listen or just read, doing it together seems to occupy enough of my senses that I don't wander away. Hey, I have the same. Meds make it better but only periods of hyperfocus help me to zone in. One tip I do have, however, is to employ techniques often attributed to speed reading.
Often, paragraphs will have the important bits in the first and last lines and the rest is akin to sandwich filler. You can skim read those parts. This is most relevant for academic papers. 
The other tip is to read through the page as fast as you can (make it into a game). Then read through slower and then once more, but fast again. It doesn't take much more time than normal people reading this stuff but works for me.

TLDR: Concentrate on the first and last lines in each paragraph. Skim the rest.  I am making myself read something everyday. I force myself, but am learning to like it. Start with a big book based on a movie or show you enjoy. That helped me.  Had the same problem throughout my entire academic career. What helped me tremendously was:

1). wearing earplugs to eliminate as many sound distractions/ sensitivities as possible.  

2)  finding the most remote place possible to read. Often I would study in my car after parking in the furthest/quietest corner of a completely empty parking lot.  (No music or radio and turn off your phone)

(***Even libraries were often too loud or distracting for me to stay focused with dense academic reading)

3).  using an extremely light touch with a dull pencil, underline whatever words you’re reading as you’re reading them. (For some reason this worked even better than using my finger or a bookmark to follow along.  The line you’re making in the book can be virtually undetectable if you don’t want to mark up the book)

4). if possible, read aloud. 

The extra sense modalities of 3 (touch/feel)  and 4 (speaking/hearing) seemed to improve my comprehension greatly. I assume because it facilitated the information entering my brain through multiple channels besides just  by reading.  I read out loud. It's slower, but the tiny brains in my ears are better at remembering what just happened than I am. This might be a bad tip because:
Reading was my childhood, better than 99% at phonetics. When I was young I got called The Walking Dictionary because I always knew how to spell a word. I went into a trance (hyperfocus) whenever I read, because I had parents who picked out good books that interested me, and I hated being social.

The only trick I know is to like reading. Even if you are required to read about a certain subject, try and tailor the reading to whatever you are interested in. Now I have no time or interest for books because of school and addictions, so I don't read as much, because I'm not as interested. 

TLDR: Liking the subject/book helps me the most. Perhaps something along the lines of the new 'speed' reading apps that will break it down to flashing a few words at a time. This way your mind doesn't get overwhelmed seeing all the text it's going to have to read and distract itself.

Like this? [spritzinc.com/](http://spritzinc.com/) or one like it. Try reading it faster? For study, highlighter is your friend. And underlines. And symbols/markers. I find this helps me study coz I have to focus on simplifying it the first time I read it, and the second time, the colors and symbols make the text less boring to read.  When reading a text book or an academic paper, I have a pad of sticky notes.  I'll read part of the text, and then write a 1 in the margin.  On a sticky note, I'll write a 1 and a summary of the text.  Repeat until the sticky note is full.  Peel off the sticky note and stick it in your text book or academic paper.  Continue on the next sticky note.  Et cetera.  You'll not only better remember what you've read, but your sticky notes will be a summary of the text.   Instramental or Non-understood languages are good for reading. this is a great tip and one I will try...I've only been using audible for years but even with that get distracted...doing both simultaneous sounds like it may help me quite a bit.  