Signs you may have ADHD: You write a four page letter asking for an extension on your five page paper evidence: http://pastebin.com/8f7BQF8A This is the perfect way to say, "I set my mind on something I want to do, but not when I'm asked to do it" also you never closed that bracket in paragraph 5 Isn't it exciting sometimes how the words just blast out of you rather than spending 20 minutes contemplating the right way to order a sentence How this should have looked.

Dear prof,

Could I have an extension on the paper due to medical issues?  If you would like I would be happy to provide further evidence of this. A couple days should do it.

Thanks,

-me Your language is so interesting.  This is... me. You wrote a four page letter? I have never been able to wright more than a page and that took a few days. 

That is why I have not gone to college. You should use more simple vocabulary. When trying to come off as educated and learned (even if unintentional) it makes you appear the opposite when it comes to personal letters, emails, memos, etc. Professional documents require simple speak, while creative writing doesn't.

This is just advice, since I used to do the same thing. This is fantastic. You get it? http://www.builtlean.com/2011/11/28/posture-problems/

I started reading the letter, but had to check out the link. I just found out I have a ton of posture problems. I couldn't read the whole thing so I skimmed but I like your vocabulary. [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] not sure i could focus enough to write a 4 page paper in the first place. Depending on your major, you can write an astounding number of papers without knowing the material. I didn't mind it, I found it characterful.  My instructor is a grad student studying russian lit, and we just finished Gogol's "The Overcoat" so I was kind of aping its style. I was sleep deprived, don't judge me! Me too, turns out my posture is all kind of fucked up So the advice you're giving someone with ADHD is "just try harder"? Because I'm sure he hasn't ever heard that before. > maturity and dealing with your own individual circumstances. 

That's why it's so depressing when adhd disrupts my carefully laid plans.  It doesn't mean that I can schedule those disruptions. Yeah I know. I've handed my assignments in on time for most of my classes, because most of the classes I've taken are A) challenging B) relevant to my interests.

The course in question, I'm taking to fulfill my reading and composition requirement. As an Engineering student, it's been so long since I've successfully written papers on a regular basis (high school, eight years ago) that I've lost any metric I had to gauge how much effort a paper is going to take.

The other thing that trips me up is that assigned reading means something very different in one of these courses than it does in a science or engineering course. In most of those courses, the reading can be done in an "on demand" fashion--you are given a set of problems to solve, and you read the text as it is necessary in order to solve those problems.

In this course, you actually have to read /all/ of what's assigned, and you have to be thinking of essay topics while you're reading. In the past I've made the mistake of thinking "I'll just pick one of the sample topics and then go through the book finding evidence for it". That doesn't work--the evidence has to grab you while you're reading the text and THEN you pick a topic.

It also makes me uneasy that there's no way for me to self-verify my assignments prior to handing them in. In a tech course it's possible to hand in every homework knowing for sure that you're getting 100% credit because you can grade yourself. With papers it's a bit more subjective, I could get an A, I could get a C, the criteria are not entirely clear to me.

So basically, I'm not used to taking humanities courses, the way they're run is fundamentally different than what I'm used to, but I am acclimating.

Also, this course is the lowest priority out of the three that I'm taking this semester. It's my last semester and all three courses are needed for my degree. If I'm going to fail any course I'd rather it be this one because the reading & composition requirement can be taken at literally any community college in the state, whereas the other two courses are A) the american cultures requirement, which is not as easy to satisfy at JC B) the engineering ethics requirement, which can only be taken here. I will do an incredible amount of work if it's not what I really need to be doing. George Carlin's Modern Man is fantastic. Listening to him weave words like that is impressive. He didn't just do it with modern man, he would also do it through out his shows in smaller doses and it's one of the thing that really sets him apart from other comedians.

I'm sad that I didn't get to ever hear his comedy until after he died. I would spend the first hour looking for the right quote, the next hour figuring out the right title, 3 hours watching football, 3 hours banging my head on the keyboard asking why this is happening again, go to sleep for 6-8 hours, then write the paper in an hour and eat breakfast.

(5 page papers were a twice weekly thing at my university. The 15 pagers were the ones that kept you up the night before they were due.) Good heavens.  Recently began treatment and while I have strategies and plans and goals, here I am, replying to comments on Reddit instead of studying.  It's good to hear that even with planning, it can still disrupt life.  Only been on Ritalin for a week, hoping for steady results soon.  In the mean time, this tiny comment gave me a glimmer of inspiration. Thanks! Hey, don't beat yourself up about this. This is one of the reasons that people with ADHD often have anxiety and depression too- a lifetime of blaming themselves for this kind of thing. I'm not saying you shouldn't take responsibility for this - you should, it's your life. But if you have ADHD, there is something wrong with your brain that makes "starting earlier" and getting things done much harder than someone without ADHD. It's not an excuse but an explanation.

Have you been diagnosed? Are you seeing a psychologist/psychiatrist or taking medication? If you haven't and you think you have ADHD, do it! At the very least you will gain huge insight into how you work, and hopefully find some ways to cope.  Last year as a sophomore, I had to a 15 page paper on any subject related to science/technology. I chose to write about the possibility of a virtual universe in the future into which people could upload their conscience.

We had about 6 weeks to write it. I wrote it in one all-nighter the night before it was due, thus causing stupid mistakes (like mistyping the formula for Moore's Law). I got diagnosed... five years ago? Been on dexedrine continuously since then. Sometimes, though, the meds aren't enough. Yeah, the mistakes you don't catch... I can honestly say that the few times I wrote papers early/over a longer period of time, I didn't really proofread anyhow.

I'm kinda meticulous in noticing my own errors as I make them, so even when I'm pulling an all-nighter, I don't make a lot of mistakes. Am probably less creative, though. Maybe it's time for a visit to your doctor and a re-evaluation of your medication.  