Any advice for studying?? I am a sophomore in college and I currently take Adderall extended release. This helps with my ADHD, but I still have trouble with memorization and staying focused while studying... Any advice/tips and tricks? Something that helped me before I was diagnosed was by locking myself in a quiet place (sometimes the bathroom) and leaving my computer and phone away from me or off. 

Anything you can do to avoid possible distraction will help. Memorizing was very hard for me as well but putting the answers on flash cards and going over them made it a bit easier.  Understand your thought patterns and guide the studying toward your own way of thinking. I never had any issues with school growing up (luckily) and my usual method was to take advantage of the ways my mind works. We're multi-taskers, and are actually good at it, whereas most people cannot multi-task while improving efficiency. Use Egg-Timers to keep yourself from getting lost, but you need to sufficiently distract yourself in order to get anything done, else your mind will look for other things to do.

Me personally? I leave the TV on, something i've seen before so my mind can go through the motions without focusing, and also cook something simultaneously, solving dinner while studying. The focus on the sound/light of the TV and the smells/timing/taste of the food is enough to keep my mind from going to more useless tasks (like facebook). Realize you cannot stop the distractions, you need to cope with them and make them as integrated into studying as possible. I was just taking to my psychologist about this kind of thing, and he had some suggestions I've never heard of before!

1. When you're studying from a book for a test, start from the back to the front. In most cases, the info you learned in the beginning has been gone over or built upon multiple times, whereas the newer stuff hasn't been covered as much. It doesn't work 100% of the time, but it could help!

2. When reading out of a text book, if it has exercises or questions at the end of the chapter, go over those BEFORE you do any reading. Usually the questions revolve around the most important points, so knowing what you'll need to know can help you focus in on those points.

3. When reading a text, highlight what seems important if you can. Or, even better, is to have some post-it notes and write why a certain thing is important as you're reading. It'll help when you go back to study, you won't have a daunting page of text that feels like you're looking at it for the first time, but instead you'll have notes that will help you zero-in on important stuff!

I hope this helps! I'm going to be using as many strategies as I can to finally get my work done and fail ZERO classes this semester!!! 

P.S. I almost forgot! We also talked about how to manage reading so that it's more manageable.  When you know you have to read 100 pages, maybe make a goal to read a certain number of pages a day. So, 20 pages in 5 days. Then figure out how long it will take to read those 20 pages. Maybe you can read the 20 pages in an hour and a half, but you might also want some time to break while reading. So plan to read for 45 minutes, break for 30, then read for another 45 minutes.  You'll have to make time for the 2 hours to do this (which is the hardest part!) but it's a lot easier that waiting until the day before class to read 100 pages!
(Edit: readability and extra stuff.) 