Trouble Reading? I can’t seem to read anymore. I just keep skimming the text. I’m not actually reading and understanding the words. Any advice out there? I’m a philosophy major and I’m feeling pretty screwed.

Edit:
Thanks for the excellent responses everyone!  Instead of reading the material as you would a novel, take a more active interest in the material by reading aloud, highlighting key phrases and words, and taking notes as you go. 

Take your time and really try to understand what the text is saying. If you find that you can't clearly remember the last few lines you just read. Take a fiver and rest, then come back to it. Set a timer for your break so you know to actually stop taking a break (I've had too many breaks that turned in to bed time) 

Try reading at a different time of day when your executive functioning is better. I find my brain works amazingly well in the morning, but at about 3:30 I'm not going to be able to accomplish ANYTHING. The tank is empty.   

Try putting some music on.  I personally find my focus is better if I can occupy my monkey-brain with some non-distracting music.

Drink some juice or Gatorade. Your brain needs plenty of glucose to maintain focus. Just sip at some juice while you're working.  
 Me too. I used to read literally constantly in high school, but now I can't even concentrate long enough to finish a page. Happened to me. Turned out my eyesight was failing... If you haven't had an eye test recently, now might be a good time! I keep trying to tell other ADHDers about text-to-speech. But no one seems to be that interested! I mean there are lots of nuances and I'm sure it won't help everyone, but it was a game changer for me, and I have to believe it would be a big help to at least some others! [deleted] My psychologist gave me the idea to force myself to read it out loud. It will not only make you read the words but you will also say them, and hear them. Tripling the number of ways you are engaged in the book, also hopefully tripling the number of chances you have to remember something. This is so relatable. I can't seem to understand what I read sometimes. Like, I know the words, but my brain just doesn't process its meaning.  I will second this post. I'm in the same boat.
Have been cruising through life the past 6 months not being able to read beyond a few sentences. I had a philosophy professor (who clearly also had ADHD) that required us to keep a running log of 1 sentence summaries of every paragraph of an assigned reading.   

For some texts that was nearly impossible given how short the paragraphs were but for the most part... It was life changing. At least when I actually remembered to do the reading! It really forced me to focus and actively digest what I was reading.   

For longer texts (or shorter paragraphed texts) where that would be tedious, doing a 1-2 sentence summary per page would be my suggestion. I find that reading things that I like for fun (shlocky sci-fi and romance and what have you) makes it a lot easier for me to read denser stuff. It's kind of a warmup for your reading brain, or keeps you in the habit Especially for dense text, I have to read it out loud or play the audiobook to process the information. I know this sounds counter intuitive but it works for me.

Read something else. Sometimes you just need a break from the material, your subconscious is still working some things out, and now the stress of feeling not in control of it is also playing a factor. 

When I was in school I would often be reading two or three books at a time but I would have to put a book down for almost a week sometimes before I felt like reading it again. Sometimes you just need an hour or so of anything else. Try finding audiobooks, I find it helps me read through dense books. What works for me (sometimes) is that I quiz myself at the end of a paragraph/stopping point. What happened there, how is it relevant in context? Knowing that I'll have to answer questions helps trigger my focus. I hope you are not reading Kant or Hegal. There's no cure for that. I studied philosophy, and some of those guy's are like word salad. Even present day philosophers don't understand Hegal (or whoever), according to other philosophers!

Try to build a curiosity, maybe. Start with definitions, maybe.???

Don't blame yourself. Frankly, I skipped a lot of reading.

Hope that helps. If you have a philosophy question, I'll give it a shot. I have a masters degree in philosophy and I completed it before getting diagnosed. It can be hard and sometimes almost unbearable, but possible. I finished my degree with good grades in the end.

There were already lots of good tips here and some will be repeated.


1. Read everyday.

It matters not if it is for five minutes or longer, but keep your thoughts in philosophy.

1. Always have something inspirational to read. 

You will have to read lots of boring crap to complete your degree and that is pain for anyone. Remind yourself why you do it by reading something that really matters. Be it your favourite philosophy book, an interview of a philosopher or an opinion piece about philosophy. My own choices were Ruth Barcan Marcus's Dewey Lecture, 3am magazine philosopher interviews and an anthology on my own field. These gave me the positive feeling on why I am making myself go through some super boring stuff.

3. Utilise different reading styles.

Try reading out loud. Maybe reading while walking? Reading while listening to music is always. I never would have finished my degree without Merzbow. Perfect choice for a unfocused mind.

4. Apply the tools of analytical philosophy.

Here it doesn't matter if you work on continental philosophy or whatever. The simplified clarity of analytical style will aid you. Write your own distinctions and examples. Bring out the Jack and Jills and one-point-ones. When you read an argument, simplify it for yourself and create counterpoints. This brings down the theories to a more manageable form. 

5. Accept your weaknessess

No one is able to understand all the fields of philosophy and no one is able to even be interested in all of them. On topics that are less exiting, accept that you just won't be as good. Do not try to read them as you would your favourite topics. You don't have to handle it all. Personally continental philosophy was the problem for me. I guess they had a lot of things of importance to say, but engaging them honestly just required too much from me. My goal was to just get through the exams. Somebody mentioned that you should'nt read philosophy like a novel, but on the less exciting parts it might be worth it, if possible for you.

6. Eat, drink and sleep

Student life is nice and all, but you will need to pay extra attention to good habits. In my own experience you do not lose just the next day after a heated and drunken debate until 4am. It will show for much longer. Keep healthy snacks around and drink often enough.

7. Learn to let go of your babies

Finishing a work or a reading project can be hard. It's very easy to feel that you missed something, even if you managed to read the whole book three times because it was particularly kick-ass work. You did what you could and most of the time it is enough. If it is not, in most cases you can try again. Be merciful to yourself and remember that in general we give things our best. 

Edit: For some reason all my points got turned to 1. I like it and won't fix it Yeah, some others have said it but I want to reiterate. Read aloud. It will really help, because you have 3 forms of input, your sight, hearing, and your speech as well! Also, at the end of each category or whatever, write down the main ideas and some little tidbits about what was gone over in that little section. I hope this helps! (I’m 15 and in 10th grade, so take what I say with a grain of salt lmao) Two things that really get me to not read are stress and mind wandering.  If I’m not in a good mental state I can’t read more than a few lines with drifting off somewhere else.  You need something to anchor your focus, try listening to vocaless music to anchor your lingering attention  It sounds ike you may have an internet addiction problem compounded by ADHD, which is basically my lifelong problem. Add games onto that and my dopamine receptors are pretty fucked.

So, to help myself AND you:

Specifically, just get used to being bored, but learn to savor it. It's peaceful and relaxing. Don't listen to that part of the brain that wants to be fed with more stimulation, and focus on the part that likes to be relaxed.

Get regular exercise, particularly moderate-intensity cardio for a long time. (I.e. a 20-30 mile bike ride is the BEST thing ever for your brain). 90 minutes at a moderate intensity will basically cut your ADHD symptoms in half for the day.

Eat vegetables and fruit. This isn’t advice, but it might make you feel better. Non-AD(H)Ders are having the same problem. 
https://www.theglobeandmail.com/opinion/i-have-forgotten-how-toread/article37921379/ Use the pomodoro technique people, it works great for me with 15-18 minute reading with 7minute pauses

https://tomato-timer.com/

Also my noise cancelling headphones work great. I figured out that the older I got (college age) the worse my ADHD got. I had to go on meds. Never any problems after that.  What helps me is to force myself to read slower and ask questions about the text as I go. I find that it takes roughly similar amounts of time to just try to read full speed and end up skimming a lot and having to reread compared to going slower and making sure I get everything and understand it.

I also found that getting good sleep helps my focus a lot, as well as meditating for like 10+ minutes a day. Also YouTube has some serious philosophy. Philosophy Tube and Wireless Philosophy are very good. Maybe they have episodes similar to your assignment. They could help you wrap your head around some topics and make the reading easier - or easier to fake in class!
good luck I use a text reader on the “very fast” mode. It speaks quick enough that I can’t read the sentence 4 times before the text reader finishes and get distracted by the dog. Instead I read it about two words ahead of it so just enough time to understand and connect the sentence to the paragraph. 

Edit: the key for me is to read and listen at the same time.  
I also read things all the way through, two or three times to completely understand them. Mostly because I still manage to catch my self not retaining information through out the text. Sometimes, when I’m having a hard time focusing on and retaining what I’m reading, I read a few sentences or a paragraph. Just enough to get the basis of the point that that bit is getting to. Then I talk out loud. I explain the idea or concept out loud in different words as though I were explaining it to or simplifying it for someone else. This tends to help me retain a lot more and even expand my perspective on the subject.  Somebody said to read upside down. I haven't tried it yet. Yes this happens to me I'm an English major and a lot of stuff I have to read for class is in the public domain, so YouTube audiobooks have become my friends. Good luck! I can only read, retain and comprehend written language when my medication is working. Otherwise I am either too passive, disinterested or distractable. I have an ambient playlist I play at a low volume which really helps me personally, have selected tunes without too much attention grabbing details.. 

https://open.spotify.com/user/0jeqiu3uwgw73pfla9utr0v6u/playlist/1jvtarm7xv2tbt9w3pIzMC?si=TPPof1bOTCqCTo-csPBQwA I actively have to note take in bullet form to retain information. And I read and re read as needed. It may take a little longer but then I have the information accurate upon comprehension instead of paraphrasing what I read  I always hated reading until I got an eReader. I would always speed through and then become distracted by one little word I missed.

With the eReader I keep it on a larger text setting so there's less room for me to jump ahead and easy for me to go back if I trip up or zone out.

Text to speech and auto scrolling are also great ways to slow down and actually pay attention to the text This is me. I have to either write every word I am reading or record myself reading something and then read it again while listening, or all of the above. It's tedious, but its the only solutuon I have found when my eyes start skipping down the page. [deleted] I find I have the same troubles. What worked for me is reading with headphones in playing the same (preferably instrumental) song on repeat. Seems to block out some of my attention issues. Not flawless but a lot better than not. I switched to listening to audio books while I do simple or boring tasks like cleaning and such. Also while driving.   You super stressed at the moment bro? Or not sleeping well?  I can relate it to guitar. If I haven’t practiced in awhile, my nerves can feel shot when I can’t use specific finger mechanics. I keep doing it through the nerves. I break my resistance and I repeat the pattern until the mechanic is solidified and then I move on. Let’s say, for instance, I remember the beginning and end of a chord progression, but not the middle. I focus the middle, I practice the beginning going into the middle and subsequently the middle going into the end. You can’t always just pick it up and go. So, if you flew through the first paragraph, you’re on the second and suddenly you’re thinking of another subject entirely, stop and recount what you can, write down tiny notes for reminders, and help to calm those reading nerves. Personally I feel it’s my adhd impulse to read and instantly understand, when I know that everything takes practice. Also I myself don’t read fiction because it’s not enough to stimulate me these days so my perspective is that of one gaining knowledge through study as compared to a light reading. If you’re having trouble enjoying fiction you more than likely have an eh kinda book and should find a more interesting book. That same idea applies to nonfiction. Some books don’t really get the job done because they’re either outdated or poorly written/researched. Here's what I did to get through college: make an audiobook for yourself of the material by reading out loud while trying to be entertaining.. Then when the tge test is coming the week before go on a jog and listen to your audiobooks of yourself. It's waaay easier than reading and rereading and more stuff sticks because you are trying to entertain yourself You maintain more of what you read if you write it down. Take copious notes. Even if you forgot what you read, it will be there, in your own words, so you can understand it. This is the only way I got through college. One word. Audiobooks. They are a godsend.  I feel that 3:30 crash. I accomplish everything I need to in the morning and left sitting around after. I want to be productive but I end up browsing reddit til I go to sleep.  Actually going to try this. I went from studying literature to becoming a complete and utter derp brain who can’t manage a holiday novel 😞

I do get the monkey brain thing! I need silence or white noise...something like noisli is fantastic - winds, rain, fire, fans, coffee shop chatter. 

I think I need to experiment with the media...paper vs Kindle vs iPad. At least my Kindle is basic, my iPad is a nightmare for notifications or temptations to switch.... omg my brain is a toddler. That pretty much sums it up!  > take a more active interest in the material by reading aloud

I find that especially with philosophy books reading aloud is very helpful. Lol it was hard for me to read this comment This might actually be a feasible cause. Things have a tendency to blur and go out of focus as I read. Thanks. This. I was having a lot of trouble and turned out  my eyes have a convergence issue. Got new glasses with a special shape. Still have to read aloud to absorb anything, but there’s no physical discomfort anymore! I just discovered this function on my Mac! I liked that I could study the pictures while it read the text. What is this? I would love more information  I found a used, older version of kurzweil 3000 for about $35. It's been a lifesaver.  I had one of the first generations of Kindle e-readers during college and used this function **constantly**. I'm sad it didn't hold up, and I get why it didn't, but man it would be useful to have for all my ebooks again! i hate text to speech, it's so annoying and my brain just turns it off  I'll make a post about it I recently tried this last week by downloading NaturalReadPro on my iPad and I found it extremely useful! I guess it varies from subject to subject, but it’s definitely a great help. Specially when you’re not feeling focused enough to actually read  TTS and audiobooks have been incredibly helpful for me as well, I'm finishing more reads than I've never been able to thanks to this realization Text to speech is too slow and monotonous for me. I need a reading slave to sit with me and read the shit to me.

Does anyone know where I can buy an educated and literate slave?  Yeah, I've started to need stronger glasses and been struggling to read a bit these days Yes! This is the ADHD attention problem and what it feels like.

The neurotypicals don't get it. They think I'm describing dyslexia when I say I can't read.

I can read- I know how words like "formulation", "cognitive", "behavioural" and "therapy" are said and what they mean. But when I'm having trouble focusing, the sentence "Formulation in cognitive-behavioural therapy" might as well say "目私悪い書く読まない！" because it means nothing to me. Audiobookbay Got totally addicted to audiobooks. Constant sated attention. Fucked me right up. Been a long time coming back from it. I haven’t heard of it. What is it? I do that, but with familiar music and I toss in gum chewing while working/reading. Where do you find audiobooks? I’m not stressed more than I usually am, and I’m sleeping fine. Thx for asking  Mine is a 6pm crash and then I am fully awake and active again at 9pm! It helps to have a medium which is solely dedicated to the task at hand. In this instance, iPads or other tablets provide too many opportunities for context switching (unless you've specially set them up just for reading). I'd highly recommend a dedicated e-reader, or if at all possible, reading from real books, as the physical act of turning pages and highlighting can further engage your awareness and interest and keep you from jumping ship as often.  Listen to the audiobook! I find if I can listen at the same time I’m reading the text, I can stop the audio at regular intervals and take down notes about that topic. If I find I’m not getting it well enough to grab notes, I’ll either break it into smaller sections or rewind and listen to the section a couple times. 

If you have a diagnosis you could approach your school for student disability support.  I’m taking a short masters in biomimicry philosophy class next session and I’m concerned about all the reading that will be required. I’m hoping most of the reading are excerpts from books I can audiobook.  haha!  ADHD... 

 * need bullet points going in

 * Can't control the stream coming out


 Thank you, I now realize I skipped it without even thinking about it.. Yea get it checked. I had the same problem till I got glasses. If its mild enough that you only notice it when reading you can probably just got the online route to avoid paying 200$ for some reading glasses. You might also want to go to a developmental optometrist. They test for a lot of other eye coordination issues that regular optometrists don't look for. I realized some of my reading problems are also made more so, because I have mild dyslexia no one noticed enough to tell me. (It became more obvious to me when I started to study languages on my own, and wondered why my misspellings would have so many letters swapped and such, even though I only rarely make such mistakes in english these days. Hint, it's the years of experience in my native language) FYI I made a new post about it Want to add that to my text-to-speech post? I didn't list that program because I only tried it briefly but I wasn't a fan at the time. It was only on a school computer and I wanted something I could have on my laptop. With the good programs, you can change the pitch and speed of the speech. Read it out loud, record yourself reading it out loud, try to be entertaining... The week before the big test listen back to yourself being entertaining while jogging or playing video games.. I did this because I hate studying and it works great what is this? I googled it and I'm still confused. Is it only for certain countries (I'm in the US) Audible. It’s a monthly audiobook subscription service. Something like $15 a month for one book credit. Love it.  Try meditation then. Headspace app is totally downloadable from pirate bay I’m charging up my kindles - The fanciest was the Paperwhite (I think? The one that let you read in bed with the lights out like you’re a kid with a torch!). That one did offer some very basic internet services - some awful greyscale  browser and maybe social media integration. I never used them and they were more about pushing info to your feed. 

I’m an artist so I’m in love with physical books full of notes and scribbles...even if they aren’t my notes.... but then I want databases and convenience and instant search results. 

That and I have built up a nice pile of physical books that I want to read and get out of the house!  Just wanted to throw in my 2 cents on online glasses. Because of my tendency to lose/step on my glasses I can only afford cheap ones online and they’ve been great. My vision is really really bad and they still work perfectly for me. I’ve used EyeBuyDirect and Discount Glasses. (20$) Any suggestions on a program? Keep in mind, I'm poor. It's pirate bay for audiobooks. Torrent files for audiobooks.

Careful though, I got super addicted to my mind always being active and listening to them.  Kinda fucked me up. You need quiet in your mind. Yeah, I use a Paperwhite as well. I think e-readers can be useful for focusing on reading, as they have a lot less functionality for other purposes than a tablet. The real books are the best, of course, but I tend to be both frugal and environmentally aware so sometimes I settle for e-books knowing I can still glean the same info + enjoyment from them. :)  Look at the other post I made about text to speech. There are some free ones you can play with. If you want to try it for reading Kindle books or something else on your phone, the phone stuff is free. For mobile:

Moon+ Reader Pro

+

IVONA as the TTS voice.

To get Amazon's natural-sounding IVONA text-to-speech on Android:

Sideload IVONA Text-to-Speech HQ for Marshmallow

/r /androidapps/comments/3rmz5w/the_best_texttospeech_tts_engines_for_android/

Drag-and-drop .apk.

http://www.

filedropper.com/ivonatext-to-speechhq

Voices:

http://www.

filedropper.com/ivonakendrausenglishbetacomivonattsvoicebetaengusakendra

Amazon acquired and stopped updating IVONA tts for Android when Marshmallow 6 came. You may need to search "audiobookbay proxy" 