It would be great if there was something like ADHD-friendly books, videos, lessons etc. I have to catch up on physics at the moment because I need it for a promising application. Of course I realized that I don't remember ANYTHING from high school and even if there was a chance to find my old school books, they're a complete mess.


So now I'm browsing through all sorts of YouTube videos about the laws of motion and it's really hard to find videos that are suitable for someone with a short attention span. I simply need people to explain things repeatedly and very very slowly to me, then I need to try them myself before I finally understand them.


So I kinda got the idea how nice it would be if one day the public would be aware enough to create some sort of an international "ADHD-friendly" label to mark content that is presented in a way that people with ADHD can understand it. You know, the same way you have that label for visually impaired people or deaf people, you could have the same for people with ADHD. 

I know, on the one hand this would create the idea of ADHD being a disabilty, on the other hand, however, it would raise the awareness among schools and unversities for people struggling with this disorder, making it easier for them to follow their desired careers.


**TL;DR: There should be an international label to mark ADHD-friendly content in order to raise awareness for ADHD and help people with ADHD to find the right content.**
 Check out Crash Course. It's an awesome youtube channel founded by John and Hank Green. I use it extensively.  I second this, sounds like a wonderful idea. Hey! Maybe as a community we can create something like this, Reddit can do great things. 😊 I own [this book](http://a.co/jkraH4Q) and in addition to being about ADHD it is actually designed for ADHD people to read. Large font, short paragraphs, visuals, and sections you can just jump to make it really easy to read. 
  it's there you just have to dig for it. It would be nice if it was all culminated but that would be a hell of an effort considering even us ADHDers are all completely different from each other ! Honestly, I think this is a terrible idea. I *know* having ADHD is hard, but I don't think it's in your or my best interest to have people spoonfeed us content in the most pleasant format possible. You have to learn to be adaptable, because it's just not realistic to expect to have things tailored to your personal taste.

Also, who could even agree on what "ADHD-friendly" is? I have ADHD, I'm not an idiot. I'd be afraid of material being dumbed down or otherwise made inferior and insulting (while being well-intentioned), and I also absolutely do *not* want to be pandered to. just checked it out man, I love it! I really like how they use colors and animations in their videos, for example when explaining the current circuit.

I'll put that one on my list for sure I clicked this post to say exactly this THEY GOT ME THROUGH CHEMISTRY. I absolutely adore their videos.  An ADHD-friendly book for me would be an epic fantasy novel with grand quests and dragons, and every now and then the characters stop for a moment to discuss the lesson for that chapter. That sounds like an ego issue. Although I agree to an extent. Reading was always really fucking hard for me and I wish there was an analysis at the end of novels or chapters. Ultimately to help train me sometimes to pick up better on foreshadowing and etc because i miss most of it.

I also have dope reading recommendations for adhders to start out with. I completely agree that if any sort of content were to be made ADHD friendly, diluting it is not an option. On this, I agree with /u/nerdshark. However, I think that what /u/NicksIdeaEngine, /u/SpacemanManatee have in mind is tools to help people with ADHD learn more easily irrespective of the content (technical, fantasy  novel, etc.). I was diagnosed after highschool and looking back I can't help but regret the thousands of hours of class that I wasted and the exams I crammed for and didn't learn a thing. 

What gets me is that after highschool I've eagerly studied most of these classes, just not with the texts I was prescribed back then. Those beasts are still like Teflon. I find sources that can draw my attention. 
I'm certain that millions of students have been put off from learning simply because of the texts and teaching methods that were used. I don't know how familiar you are with Hank Green (/u/ecogeek) . He's a wonderful person and hugely influential in Youtube. He actually just made a video on how he thinks he has ADHD!

I wonder if that's why Crash Course's material are easier to focus on compared to other videos.

I digress... Good luck!
 Yup, the vids are great. Also they're really inspiring people. My ideal books are technical manuals. See? We already have a disagreement. Technical as in technically about dragons and magic?

For reals, as much as I like the idea of stuff that's easier to digest, I feel like I'd fail more often at everyday things if much of my learning was catered to me.  ADHD or not, it's our job to roll with the world, not have the world roll with us. 