Highlighting text while reading it on medication? I noticed that, while reading text on my computer on medication, when I'm really focused, I constantly highlight it. I don't mean like, using some tool to change the text color to yellow around the important parts. I mean like, as I'm reading it, I constantly use my cursor to highlight around where I'm reading and unhighlight it involuntarily, probably at a rate of about 6 times every 5 seconds.

I was diagnosed with ADHD-PI and didn't really experience any symptoms of ADHD-PH before diagnosis, but I also seem to fidget and whatnot now that I'm on stimulant medication. It's not really a problem - it doesn't keep me from focusing or disturb those around me - I just find it interesting. Has anyone else had a similar experience? I just found your post searching for "highlighting text" on the sub. I constantly involuntarily highlight and unhighlight blocks of text while I read them. I am currently unmedicated. I have done this as long as I can remember using a computer, but I especially do it with online articles (as opposed to Word documents). I guess one of my theories about that is that it creates visual interest in the text to repeatedly draw my mind back to it, which is especially importnat on webpages with sidebar content and ads that are distracting.

Other than that, I read an book called Visual Reflections: A Perceptual Deficit and its Implications. (Yes, I made it through the entire book!) The book is basically a professor's writings about his extended research on a single subject who has interesting visual deficits. She has trouble identifying the location and orientation of objects, but the deficit mysteriously disappears when a strobe light is flashing over the object! There is something going on in the visual pathways of the brain where things are processed differently with that sort of stimulus involved, I guess.

Though I don't have any visual deficits, it definitely reminded me of my habitual rapid highlighting and unhighlighting of text. Not sure if it has anything to do with ADHD or not, but maybe it does. So fascinating. Just thought I'd share as you said you found your behavior interesting! Not sure if I have ADHD yet but I need to select the things as I read with the mouse when reading large paragraphs to keep track of where I am so I don't get lost while reading.
 As you are on medication,maybe you will do well to train your mind to ignore “trivial" things and start to establish a working relationship between your synapses and the meds. 