English majors / avid readers: do you have difficulty reading with adhd? I’m an English major and feel kind of embarassed that I have to read & re-read constantly since my mind wanders often. Sometimes if the material is super engrossing I hyper-focus but that is kind of rare these days. Anyone else who struggles with this have any tips? Reading is my biggest issue with academics. I'm a classics/psych double major so we read a lot too and I've been getting by with the power of bs, but now I'm in higher level classes and that is Not Working anymore. What helps me to read is to have a specific goal or question in mind. That way I only need to focus on one area and I'm not trying to process the entirety of a text. I definitely miss stuff reading this way, but it's better than not reading at all! I have ADHD and love to read. I have a slew of 1/2 read books. Also, my mind has to be in the right mood to read.  Reading is one of the only I hyper-focus on. I could be going over an assigned passage for a history course and get sucked in and read multiple chapters (of course leaving the actual assignment untouched)

For boring stuff I either read out loud or read standing up.  I'm an avid reader, but I've been once since childhood I’m an English Major as well although I always wonder why since I hate reading (thanks to my ADHD). Medication is the only thing that helps me with it, otherwise I’m sol and always shit out of time. I suggest you sign up with your accessibility department for extended due dates and other accommodations It depends on my mood and the topic of the book & if I have to read it because a professor wants me to buy his book or because it's part of my literary studies. Since I've started medication, I've been slowly back to my old 'reading speed'. A friend of mine who doesn't take medication used to eat a LOT of sweets so he could focus on boring text. Probably not the healthiest choice ;) Hello! I'm an anthropology major and the only way I can get through about 80 pages of assigned readings per week is as follows. 

Tools: 5 different coloured pens, a highlighter, paper. 

First Step: I go through the entire reading and just label each paragraph I must read with a number and letter beside it. So all the paragraphs under the first sub-title/chapter will start with the letter 1 and each paragraph within that section/chapter are labelled paragraph a, b, c, etc. So lets say your first subtitle is just "Introduction", the first paragraph under that section would be 1a, the next paragraph is 1b, the next one 1c etc. Then once I get to the second sub-title "Defining The Nation-State", I start labelling those paragraphs 2a, 2b, 2c etc. Then for the 3rd sub-title "Power and the Nation-state". Paragraphs are labelled 3a, 3b, 3c so on. You get the point. 


Step 2: After labelling, I tackle the reading by focusing on one paragraph at a time. I REPEAT, ONLY FOCUS ON ONE PARAGRAPH AT A TIME. I usually use a couple blank sheets of paper to hide the text in other paragraphs so I can literally focus my attention on the one I'm currently reading. Make sure to highlight important stuff as you read it. Once I finish reading the paragraph, I write a couple sentences on what my interpretation of the main points are usually based on the stuff I highlighted so I'll ignore the fluff and filler words/sentences. Your paragraph summary should NOT be too long or just directly regurgitating the text because that defeats the purpose. So in my note book, what this looks like is I'll write the heading for that section, then I write my notes. So for ex. I'll write "Introduction". Skip a line. Then write. Paragraph 1a) blah blah blah...blah blah. Do this for all paragraphs until you finish reading that section.


Step 3: Move onto the next section, repeating this same process (I recommend taking a break at the end of each section though). This is optional but I also colour coordinate my sections (which is why I said use multiple coloured pens.) So all the notes from section 1 are in blue, and all the notes from section 2 are in green etc etc. Visually, it helps me organize my thoughts better. 

I find this method of reading works ESPECIALLY well for my ADHD brain for a few reasons. Firstly, I'm breaking up the reading into manageable chunks. How many times have you procrastinated a reading because the large never ending blocks of text seemed WAY too intimidating to even THINK of tackling it? Yeah, me too lol. To solve that, I trick myself by saying "you only have to read 2 paragraphs! That's all! Then if you hate it, you can stop". But usually, once I get started, the hyper focus kicks in and I just keep going. Getting myself to start it is usually the hardest part. 

Additionally, this method allows me to take as many breaks as I want or to switch tasks and then return without problems because I can just re-read my summary notes before I start again to remind myself of what was happening where I left off. You know how easily our ADHD brains forget things short term. At least when we keep mini summaries of each paragraph it makes the reminding process a bit easier. This is way less time consuming than having to reread everything in the reading again to regain context of the situation after returning from a planned or impromptu break/interruption. 

This method is also REALLY good to avoid the trap of reading without retaining information because you're forcing yourself to summarize whats going on in your own words on paper as you go along. This way, you FORCE yourself to tune into what's happening by not just passively reading the material but by actually ENGAGING with it. Not to mention it's a great way to make sure you really understand what you're reading. 

I realize this method of reading is very tedious and time consuming but I find it is literally the only way to hack my ADHD brain to actually pay attention to my readings (especially on subject areas that don't pique my interest). Also I know ADHD makes it SUPER HARD to pick out main points in a paragraph but once you start getting the hang of that skill (which only happens through practice), this method goes by a bit faster.

If you find yourself stuck on a paragraph, unable to condense it into main points or repeatedly "passively reading" it because you keep zoning out, do yourself a favour and take a break. Re-visit it when you feel your mental energy has been replenished. And take advantage of your hyper-focusing whenever it happens to get as much of the reading done as you can tolerate! 

I hope this helps, good luck! It was never even on my radar that I might have ADHD while in college - but to answer your question I probably finished less than 10% of the books assigned during my English major. Some books that I wrote papers on I never even opened. I wish I had figured out there was an issue and addressed it but I was able to BS my way through somehow. This is one of the things that alerted me to having ADHD later in life as I began to realize it wasn’t that I could get a half ass paper out last minute, it was that I couldn’t NOT do it that way. 



 wow reading with a question in mind is so important to remember, thank you! 