Do you have a smartphone addiction you think is related to ADHD? I check my phone a lot -- for texts, responses to my social media posts, interesting recent news in my RSS feed. I'll post across different platforms like Twitter, Facebook and Instagram, while texting gifs and various witticisms to various friends. Simultaneously, I'll have a ton of tabs open to various articles that I may not even read through completely before I copy the link and shoot it off to a friend or my husband. People's responses to my texts and emails and notifications from my social media give me a physical rush, to the point that I feel high, like my brain is a high performance vehicle coursing through an information super highway. It's hard to slow down.

There's a downside. When people are slow to respond to my sms or one of my posts isn't "doing well" I start feeling low. The anxiety creeps in. If it happens enough times in a row, I will distance myself from my phone, likely out of depression. Those lows tend to snowball because my posts and texts seem to get less relatable and.. I guess less desirable. This elicits a total downer effect. I feel slow, sluggish, tired and sad.

I really relate to this writer's account of her paradoxical relationship with her smartphone. I suggest taking the time to read it if you can: http://qz.com/634466/what-smartphone-addiction-looks-like-when-youre-living-with-adhd/

Anyone else ever feel this?

TL;DR: ADHD is like tied to low dopamine levels causing people with it to have heightened reward-seeking behavior, social media interactions act as a reward, self-feeding cycle for sure, it was even one of the questions on my ADHD assessment.  I've stopped caring whether or not my posts "do well", I post what I like on FB/Twitter/Insta as more of an online journal, but  I definitely use my phone more than the average person.  I do very little which is not through a screen, especially when I'm at home, which in some ways is quite sad.

I mean it's basically at the point where I don't really know how to do anything else. It's my computer more than my phone for me, but if I don't have the computer, then I'm on my phone. If I'm out and I've forgotten my phone or the battery is dead I get seriously antsy. Once I went and spent more money than I should really have dropped on an English imported magazine (I live in Germany) because I just felt so anxious and out of place without my phone. At home if I don't have my phone then I watch junk TV. If I didn't have TV I would read. If I couldn't read then I just go to sleep. I was trying to explain this to my husband because he expressed a concern that I'm addicted to the computer and I need to make myself take more breaks.

I only skim read your article, but I don't check my phone when I'm with people. If I can interact with people in real life that's a much better high for me. I'm an extrovert and I think that more than anything, I'm addicted to social connection. Speaking to someone in person is almost guaranteed to hit that spot (and the high is wonderful) but it's high effort to organise and usually involves physically leaving the house and going somewhere and/or costs money so I don't do it as often as I should do. Phone calls can be great too but I always feel anxious that I'm disturbing someone so I don't use the phone very often at all. (I swear this is a generation thing. Grew up with landlines but switched to predominantly texting in my teens.) Which leaves the lowest effort option, online interaction. It's extremely easy to get into, and it *can* provide a great, good quality social experience. When I'm having a deep conversation and really connecting with a friend over IM, or I'm getting involved in a fascinating discussion on reddit, or reading a really interesting article which really chimes with me, or typing out something which is really cathartic, it can be a wonderful thing, and gets close to that proper quality interaction feel. I think that's because this *is* quality human interaction.

The issue is that most (easily 99%) of interactions online are somewhere between really low and medium quality. Sifting through inane facebook posts, conversations which consist of emojis, getting argued with over stupid things, making comments like "Yes! I agree" or "lol" or "Oh yes, I always do this", recommending your favourite brand of coffee, reading stuff which you don't relate to at all, looking at memes, reading shitty buzzfeed articles (however funny) none of that is a high quality interaction and it leaves you craving the good stuff. If social interaction were food, these online interactions are candy. You can occasionally find a nice meaty steak in there but mostly it's sugar and empty carbs - it will fill you up and make you crash.

You go online because you're seeking/craving these high quality interactions, but you don't really make the connection that the high quality stuff is few and far between, you just remember that you sometimes get those great interactions online, and hey, it's a nice easy way to do it. But you come across mostly lower quality interactions and end up feeling deflated. I also find that (probably due to ADHD) unless something is really holding my interest like an IM conversation, I'll be flicking between different tabs. While writing this for instance I'm browsing another forum (and have written a few mid-low grade posts) and I'm reformatting lyrics, have googled a couple of tricks as to how to make that easier, and I've got up to get a drink once and I keep skipping songs I don't like. So even though this long post I'm writing is a decent quality interaction I'm diluting it with all of these lower grade ones so it probably won't give me the same kind of boost that a proper conversation would.

It's interesting, though. Knowing/thinking about things this way enables me to change my behaviour a bit. If I'm circling social sites and not getting anything out of them it gives me a bit of a kick to go off and play a puzzle game or something where I'm not actually expecting any interaction back. And if I am really craving social interaction and not getting it online then it's a cue to me that I need to arrange something IRL. So I'll normally then message a bunch of people and see if I can pull something together. They might not reply straight away but that's okay. And I try to keep my actual IRL social interactions up, because it stops me from trying to get that, which I need, from the internet, where most of the time I'm not actually getting it.

That was really long and I don't know if it made any sense, but it helps me anyway. I can close Facebook/Reddit/<OtherStupidApp> only to open it again immediately after and look at the same damn posts.

It mostly happens on days when I haven't taken my medication. When I'm medicated I can keep the phone pocketed a lot longer. I think most people have this actually...I definitely get what you mean about the anxiety/depression but I know several people who have expressed the same feelings to me without ADHD. Smartphone addiction is real and whether it's worse on ADHD I'm not sure but a lot of people exhibit self esteem issues and the like because of it. 

Although at the same time I don't think a lot of my friends have this problem, other than the actual not being able to not use their phone all the time..

 I think it like everything else, the ADHD creates a bigger risk to get an addiction. I personnaly always look at my phone/iPad more because I have everything I need to remember as calendar alerts/alarms/alerts in to do lists. My iPad is my life, without it I'm lost in what I need to remember and do. Dat dopamine  yes, certainly. it's like a habit i keep pushing away but at the same time you have to use your mobile yes, wouldnt be here otherwise & my essay wouldve been done yeah I start to feel fatigued and begin to work up a headache whenever I bounce between social media sites too frequently.

What amazes me is how much video games chills me out and treats this feeling.  Not sure whats going on in my brain when I do it, but I don't have much issues when I'm gaming, but I can go nuts when browsing the interblags. I use my phone as a way to constantly multitask/keep my brain simulated. My biggest issue is focusing on just one thing, and a phone is the ultimate distractor in basically any scenario. I can't even watch a show on tv without constantly scrolling through something on my phone. I also notice that as my meds begin to wear off, I become obsessed with checking and rechecking my phone- locking it just to unlock it again seconds later and check every app over again. 

As others have mentioned, I think most people are at least a little addicted to their phones, but I definitely think my ADHD plays a large role in the severity of my  cell phone addiction.  I can relate. Reddit, etc. on a phone is really tempting for my overly busy mind. Then I place too much hope on getting positive attention from my comments. It's best to deliberately put the phone away, like plugged in at a charger, and take a long break. Go for a walk, talk to people in person, do a craft, anything not involving a screen. Absolutely. Drives my GF up the wall. Pretty much describes me to a T I use my phone all the time, way more than I probably "should"
Although my addiction is more checking social media than posting. Like I'll open up and check facebook 5 different times in as many minutes even though nothing has changed.

I also have like 6 versions of what basically amounts to the same game just so I never can't play them. And I'm almost certain that's due to my ADHD more out of the need to never ever be still. If I have my thumbs moving things around I feel a lot better than when I just have to sit there. It replaced leg-bouncing for me. I dunno. Mine is too big for my pockets so i'm pretty safe from those damned distraction traps. Anything to get us out of "the moment", really.   Fuck. The worst is tinder... I check that way more than I should, but the swiping, looking at / matching with beautiful women, etc.  I've never thought about this, but it makes so much sense. I'm always checking my phone, even a minute after I've already done so.  I don't know if I'm addicted to my smartphone specifically. I can easily go days without touching it. The hardest thing about that would be not having my alarm clock/map/watch/calculator/calendar/notepad. As for the internet, though... Yeah, it's a problem. Especially reddit. My most productive week in the past several months was when I got mad at Reddit and decided to take a break. I blocked the site on all my browsers. I got a lot of shit done. I even managed to squeeze some Netflix binges in there, but I still got some stuff done. But I love Reddit. It's my favorite way to waste time.  Hell yes I do So... addicted...  Probably. But I have ADHD and I'm not addicted to my smartphone, possibly because I'm also quite asocial and don't really care what other people posts. Hell, I barely post anything myself. I don't have much about myself I'd want to share. But for extra measure, if you think it's going too far, do this:

Disable notifications on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc. I've uninstalled my Reddit reader app. Just do it. That way, you only get them if you consciously open the app, which, seeing as you're ADHD, is probably not as often as you think because your mind will be elsewhere. This also solves your anxiety problem. I don't know about you, but I tend to be forgetful. Sometimes I send a text and I will forget I've sent it, until I open my app and see a response. It's liberating. I'm pretty sure my medication indirectly makes me addicted to my phone lol. Not during the day, but at night. I spend hours on my phone simply because I'm not tired, but it's more than just that, I tell myself I need to go to sleep every 15 minutes but just can't. I just sit on my phone for hours a night. I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/phoneaddiction] [\[Questions\] \[Addiction: Smart phone\] Do you have a smartphone addiction you think is related to ADHD?](https://np.reddit.com/r/phoneaddiction/comments/4de16f/questions_addiction_smart_phone_do_you_have_a/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot) "Smartphone addiction" is not related to ADHD, it just means that you're weak willed. Same goes for people who are glued to the internet/social media and call it "hyperfocus".  I'm learning to care less too, and posting more consistently as a result. It's liberating. The highs still catch me off guard tho.  Your points about needing to interact with people and about high vs low quality interactions makes a lot of sense. I've found myself increasingly bored with the types of candy-content you describe. I started wondering why I feel this way (it's a recent, slow-onset realization.) Meanwhile many of my friends/acquaintances/coworkers still seem enthralled with this low quality content. Started to honestly wonder if the boredom was a sign of something seriously wrong with me.

But I'm coming to understand it's not so much that something "wrong" with me. It's the content itself. It's empty, not stimulating. I've been curating sources that do engage me. Online sources with with deeper stories, reading interesting books, engaging with friends who care about things with nuance. It can feel like a curse to crave deeper connections in an increasingly superficial world, but I try to think positively. I experience this as well, and I think it has to do with video games (not mobile games) having a more even reward system. You are always making progress in a video game and always have the next mission objective or the next round waiting for you once you're done with what your current task.
No long waiting times like in most free-to-play phone games and no need to search for a small dopamine rush like Facebook/Reddit.
 Can't upvote this enough. Sigh. I hate this so much about myself. My first post in this group was me being really vulnerable. When it was down voted I just felt really hurt. I know it's stupid to even worry about it, but why would someone down vote me just for intruducing myself and asking for support? Ack! :(  I got away from social media but now I'm constantly picking up my phone to refresh whatever subreddit(s) corresponds with whatever I am obsessed with lately. And I mean *constantly*. At work, while playing games, while driving, after parking, while peeing... Omg mobile games. I was pretty much the Lindsay Lohan of in-app purchases for a few years before quitting cold turkey. Yeah, I purposely got a cheap, low performing phone so that it doesn't because a distraction source for me. I have enough of those as it is! Wow, you suuuuck.  I even get caught off guard when I get 1000 upvotes on a comment or get gilded.  Have an upvote! Roughly 1% of people have little to no conscience and empathy. There's a larger percentage that are just jerks. Some losers main hobby is making other people upset. Don't worry about trolls, downvotes, or karma. That stuff doesn't matter that much. I use this one app that has me fill out surveys and I get credit in the app store for it. So I use that for any in-app purchases. It's working for me so far haha. [deleted] ohhh yeah I'm not going to lie, I was kind of stoked when I got my first Reddit Gold! Thank you for the kind words. I love your name by the way. :P  was it on Android? if so could you tell me the name of it? :)  God dammit lol. Thank you! I'm really glad I could help.  It's called google rewards, I believe, and it is on Android. :) 