Starting College soon, I need some help with a few ADD related issues. All through middle school, and high school, I've always had the same issue. I can't retain the information I read. I could read over a page twelve times, and maybe retain 20% of what I just read. 

I start college very soon, I need a method to help me out. I have the worst problem with paying attention, and staying awake too. 

If any of you fellow redditors have any tips, or tricks or anything that help you out with this issue, please tell me. I don't want to flunk out of the college of my dreams because of ADD. When I was in middle and high school, teachers used to tell me about the massive amounts of reading you have to do in college. I'm a senior in college now and I'll tell you, ~~most~~ all of the *Lazy College Senior* memes are absolutely true. 

I've wasted thousands of dollars on textbooks that we "needed" to buy, but then the professors never even referenced them in class. You rarely need to read anything, and when you do it certainly won't be for hours on end. The majority of professors post their lecture notes online, and test questions are usually going to come from that. i know you are not on the whole medication train. but get on some type of herbal substance. there is one called rodiola it works pretty well. and i am horrible with reading too. the best way i found was scan an entire page and highlight the words that stand out the most.  I recommend developing some good study habits. I don't know what your method is but when I do school work while unmedicated I tend to follow this method:

1. Take notes during lecture by hand. Type up notes after class.
2. Take reading notes in notebook by hand. Type up notes the next day.
3. If possible, do practice questions located in the textbook. If nothing like this is available ask your professor if there are some mock quizzes or something of the like available to help with studying. 

If you don't already be sure to exercise regularly, avoid junk foods and keep up a regular sleep schedule.  This might help http://www.farnamstreetblog.com/2012/04/learn-anything-faster-with-the-feynman-technique/ I have been in uni for the last 4 years with ADD and am doing ok. Its tough but what i have found to be the most effective way to study is to not remember things by heart but to understand them. So when i read something i dont just read it but make up my own little way of explaining it. Basicly i read something and think, how could i explain this to someone who has no idea what i am talking about. It takes longer to study like that but it helps me alot. I am not taking any medication either. When i get really nervous and cant focus at all i listen to some relaxation tapes(during break or in the evenings) and some relaxing music while studying like symphonys(just find something you like, does not have to be symphonys if you dont like them) which have helped me alot.
Hope this helps and good luck ! From the Weekly Thread hover menu -- *[FAQ Discussion Topic #1: Increase Success in College!](http://redd.it/w4c8k)*  =) Are you currently on medication? If so, what kind? I had a rough transition to college, but I made it. One tip I can give you is to write down things you need to memorize. Reading something is one thing, but writing it helped me a great deal.  When reading a lengthy text, keep a pen/pencil and a stack of post-its nearby. Write down (actually write it!) key points as they come up and stick the post-it nearby. You can go through it after you've read everything and make some pretty damn good notes this way.

The best way to retain information is to review it for at least 15 minutes shortly after the class is over.

The most effective thing I've been able to do is to take my notes during class, but sloppy. Since they're sloppy, I can write quicker and include more information (but shorten things, include + for and, things like that). Then, after class (as part of that 15 minutes, if you want. I like to add to it) rewrite your notes. You can include information from the text, or just rewrite what you wrote. I always take great care to rewrite very neatly. The combination of writing the information again and of having to slow down and write neatly makes it stick like nothing has ever worked before!

Good luck to you! College with ADHD is difficult, but not impossible :) I started today though, a majority of the homework is directly from the book, reading and questions. Rodiola, I'll look it up. Thanks! Thanks for the feedback, I'll give this a shot as well. That actually makes a bit of sense. I'll try it in class today I'm on no meds. When looking at the questions, do you already know the answers to any? Many people automatically assume that if they don't have the textbook answer right in front of them, then they don't know the answer. I've always had more success trying it on my own based on what I remember from class, and then consulting that particular section of the text if I really don't know. Have you been evaluated for ADHD?  Yes. My parents and I both refused to have anything prescribed to me however, because of the personality changes they brought on. Which ones have you tried and what dosages?  I would guess you didn't have the right meds or dose *for you*. 