I swear I’m not staring at your boobs I’m just reading emergency procedures on your name tag When I was being checked in at the doctor the nurse had her name badge flipped around and the bright red text of the emergency procedures kept drawing my gaze and she started being really pointed and short with me and it was then that I realized that from her POV I was looking at her boobs.  I probably am looking their boobs, but not to get an jollies.

A. That's probably about where my eyes were before I noticed you there.

B. I am the worst at eye contact and that is kind of where my head falls for fear of looking "just slightly to the left of them" and possibly making eye-contact with someone else.

C.im lefit staring at your boobs thinking about how they must manufacture that shirt in order to get a "heathered" coloration or texture. Secondly I'm wondering about the mechanics of a bra and how an underwire bra could be made so the underwire either doesn't poke out, or the end of the fabric section could be repaired by a plug or something. Then I think about boobs and how art has viewed them and shifted the ideal of beauty over the years and wonder which era those particular boobs would have been most representative of the ideal. Probably all three of those things at once.

So it is not sexual in any way. Maybe someone can take solace from that. Hahaha! I volunteer at a local hospital, and we have name tags like that too! My name tag is almost constantly flipped around backwards, I wish they'd design those things to be weighted so they don't do that.

Although it's probably saved my behind more than a few times when I'm dealing with angry people...they can't see my name to file a complaint about me! I hope you had the presence of mind to apologize! I'd probably forgive you if you said something like "Oh! Sorry, I was reading your badge" and immediately averted your eyes. It shows that you realized you were making her uncomfortable and didn't mean to, which is unfortunately refreshing. :) https://youtu.be/NqxOBrF-HpQ I have to watch peoples mouths when they speak. Otherwise I lose what they are saying. I think many women have thought I was stealing a glance. 

I don't look every time.!! Geesh! Ah I notice this all too well. I always have to awkwardly mention whatever is written on the tag so that they know I wasn’t staring at their titties [relevant Cyanide & Happiness](https://i.imgur.com/SdzRQxi.jpg) Oh boi hahaha this used to be a big issue for me >being really pointed and short with me

Did she say anything? I was sitting in a common area working on some math homework. I"m crunching numbers in my head, trying to make the math come out right compared to the answer in the back of the book. This lady comes in all brightly dressed with flip flops. Unaware, I had followed her all the way to the elevator tracking movement and the smack smack rythmic sound of flip-flops on tile.

While she was standing there, she got all huffy with me, "You got a staring problem???" She did almost that z snap we all did in the mid 90's and I swam back to reality.

"uh, sorry." I say rather unintelligibly and go back to the hell on my screen known as My Math Lab. 

"I can't believe that B- stared at me the whole time, what a *another expellative*" She says to another cohort she met at the elevators. They didnt' seem to have the same offended reaction.

Me. Dude, I wasn't even aware I was staring at a PERSON much less who you are or what you are. My mind was going, '9 plus 3 plus 7 minus x, no, 9 minus 3, divided by seven?? Where did x go???'

People are weirded out that I can just zone out, not look at my screen and type full notes and sentences without having to look at the keyboard or screen. I'm like, hello, that's the basis of touch typing??? I can even FEEL when I typo and how to backspace enough to fix it. Ha! I can totally relate to this. I was talking to this girl back in college and I remember she was wearing a shirt that looked like it had something pinned to it. I kept on glancing at it while we were chatting, thinking how strange it was but also that it looked kinda cool. She never talked to me afterwards and for the longest time I wondered why. And then I realized that she probably thought I was staring at her boobs. Oops. Hahahaha I did the same this yesterday when I was picking up my mom at the hospital.  I actually did something similar to this the other day. Was sat down talking to my mates girlfriend who was stood up, and got distracted by something happening behind her boob. Realised quickly that it looked like I was looking at her boob so I made this really obvious head tilt to make it clear  that it was blocking my line of sight and I was actually trying to look behind her boob. Congrats, this has nothing to do with ADHD The real question though. Were the boobs were nice? Cause i presume you had yourself a little peak when the damage was already done and your eyes were already there?  [removed] Part C is something I don't think anyone without ADHD can relate to. That's exactly how my mind works, too. Rapid fire. Our ability to connect things that seem to have no obvious context is remarkable.  Anybody ever do this and try to play ‘connect-the-dots’ in reverse to try to get back to the originating thought? In today’s example I got from something the pastor said at church this morning to Michael, the kid from ‘Barney and Friends,’ with 6 ‘steps’ in between.  Are you me? Well said, so true.  Yeah right. You just hate Freud. Somewhere in there I am convinced the cigar is not just a cigar.

Men are genetically programmed to behold breasts. Why? Because women with good breasts have a higher chance of successfully breastfeeding your kid. 

Besides that, anything that sticks out gets noticed. :-)  No she shouldn't do that because it is best if she is annoyed and then realizes it his condition. You have to live being ADHD otherwise people aren't gonna notice you have issues. :-)
 Yes!!  Watching people speak, not looking at their eyes.  They must think it's weird. I'm totally a mouth watcher. I'm 48 and I didn't realize it until about 6 years ago Stealing a glance at their mouth? 🤔 If you are male this is natural when talking to womenfolk. :-)

Edit: Note to self: sexist jokes not done. Reign of the humorless installed presently. No just that she got that pissy look and she dropped the costumer service voice  It kinda does though because I’m reading the name tag because of my adhd the same way I would be looking at a painting or outside while someone is talking to me I actually didn’t because I was freaking out because *anxiety* (just imagine anxiety as the the more you know meme) You *can* do whatever you like... It doesn't mean you *should*. It's OK to look. It's not OK to stare.  So you’re a mangina if you don’t act like a creep..? Ew.  Found the creep!  [removed] From point A to B to L to Z back to F for minute, based on results of Z, to SHIT!!  I missed the elevator!! Whenever I drive by a graveyard I start thinking about Pokemon, specifically Zapdos, Moltres, and Articuno, because of this long-winded connection I made like 10 years ago and I don't even remember how I got from graveyard to Pokemon, but my brain still skips all the steps in between to this day. My girlfriend's look when I do that has finally trained me to preface with "that reminds me" and end with an explanation of my trail, if I remember it by then. My wife asks me what I am thinking all the time and most of the time I just have to tell her no. It’s just too much to get into. And where to even start? Yep. Sometimes I get happy I'm back at my original thought. Usually, though, I end up going back down the exact same train...  We are all the same here.  Yes.  What? edit: Oh, never mind, I see your post history now. My bad, everyone. I'd get really sad if that happened with me, kudos on keeping it together. I know I wouldn't. I tried to explain my train of thought to my parents recently when I said something they considered really far off topic. They gave each other the wtf look. that's so funny. I have a lot of weird pokemon memories from my childhood. something similar that happened recently was I was listening to a podcast about kanye west while my friend played DOOM (the game, not the artist). now, whenever I listen to that podcast I think of the imagery of DOOM even though there is no real connection and that was the only time he played while I listened to it. Was it because of the Pokemon Tower graveyard in the first generation games? Damn I was found out!  My family does that all that the time with whatever I say. They still haven't realised that sometimes I'm doing it because of their reaction being funny. Exactly! It just takes that one time. No lol I think it had to do with a photography class I took where we went to takes pictures of a graveyard, and it also had something to do with Articuno, Zapdos, and Moltres meaning uno, dos, tres. That's literally the only reason Pokemon is involved, but those are the only connections I can remember Ever considered a career as a stand up comedian?
 > Articuno, Zapdos, and Moltres meaning uno, dos, tres

O shit Occasionally but a lot of things are a case of it sounding funny in my head and blurting it out. Thus it's like 60-70% of times people find me humourous. I know, Pokemon is full of this shit it's mind blowing lol like Ekans and Arbok being backwards for Snake and Kobra, although that's a more commonly known one 