Hi, everyone! Just got diagnosed at the age of 27. Sorry for long text! I just wanted to tell you a little bit about my long road. I've been struggling my whole life in many aspects of life. I have always just berated myself how stupid and incapable I am. 

I've never been good in school but I've managed to get to university, which was not easy. I had to copy word to word all books I needed to read to entrance examinations. Otherwise, I could not focus to read even a single page. I've always been the one in the classroom who just can't stop talking with other students during the class and my god have I suffered from that.

My memory? It's just shit. I can sustain probably 5-second thoughts before my brain finds something else to think. I just keep talking when I'm trying to tell something to someone. I can tell that same thing probably 5 times in couple minutes in 4 different ways before I realize that I just keep repeating myself. 

Since I've moved to life on my own, I have had huge trouble to do anything that is normally needed to survive in society. I can't pay my bills on time, I can't make food until I'm just starving and I need to eat something to not pass out. It's not that I can't make food, it just I can't focus long enough to cook anything. It just so god damn boring.

I suck at controlling my drinking. I'm always the one that just can't stop drinking at parties. I have to stay awake so long that I either pass out or I'm way too tired to continue because everyone is going to sleep. I have also smoked cigarettes for ten years. I manage to finally quit last year. Couldn't have done it without my girlfriend.

I can't stay put. Well... I can sit still and get lost in my thoughts but I can't relax at home. If something is happening somewhere I just can't stay away. Also, I have constantly 10 different ideas what I want to do next. The downside is that I can't focus to do any of them longer than 10 minutes. I have had like 15 different hobbies and been in 15 different positions in different societies. 

Also restless legs. Oh, god! Sometimes the whole row in movie theater shakes because I'm shaking my leg like crazy. Also constant finger drumming. 

I could continue so long this list. But my main point was that I have always just thought that I'm crazy, stupid, lazy or depressed or something. I've hated my self so long because of that. Now two years ago I heard that you don't need to be the worst problem child in the school to have ADHD and one of my friends told about his experiences about ADHD. Everything just clicked. I had to go to see a doctor and now finally I got my diagnosis. 

Yesterday I started my Concerta 18 mg medication. So far it has had a slight effect. I can sustain thoughts longer, I can focus on one thing at a time and I have the patience to put things in their place. Still, I have restless legs and the effect wears off in couple hours but I'm doubling my dose to 36 mg after one week so I'm curious if this gets a little bit better. 

Thank you if you could read this far because I know I probably couldn't have. Also sorry for typos. English is not my native language. 

I was so afraid for so long that I'm just imagining things and I don't have ADHD. I don't want to be diagnosed just because I'm lazy or stupid or something. I'm afraid that someone thinks I'm just trying to be some kind of special snowflake or something like "hey, everyone look at me I'm so loud and I interrupt everyone but you know I have ADHD so it's ok". You know? I don't want to be that guy. I just can't focus on listening to you for so long and I think I know what you are trying to say after 5 seconds and I just want to tell you what you are about to say and tell the 3 thoughts I just had while you were talking so slowly.

Also! Why is no one interested about everything? I get excited about everything and almost everybody else is just like "meh". And I'm like CMON this is so awesome. I'm also the guy that is going to do all stupid things for just one euro (yeah, europian here). 

Woah, I normally don't tell about my life this much on the internet but hey... it doesn't hurt probably?

Oh, now I have to stop. But thank you for reading this ramble. I love this sub. 

EDIT. I have to tell you that there are some good sides in this. I'm really talkative so I meet constantly new people which is nice but sadly I sometimes get bored of some people which is NOT nice. I don't want to be rude. Also I'm kinda good at connecting things. :) 

EDIT 2. I also wanted to tell you about how easily I get addicted to almost everything (games, some tv-shows, and movies, drinking, talking, sex... you name it). I can play games so long that I get light headed and it's already morning. Also, I do almost everything else that I don't need to go to sleep because I can't just, you know, lay there and wait until I fall asleep. I love learning new things but it is sooo hard to study in university because you have to do all assignments according to strict rules and in strict timeline. It's impossible almost. Couldn’t pay enough attention to read all of this, but I’m here for you bud Again! So sorry for this long text. I just think there is so few that understands. Heya, I don't really have much to add,  but I read your post and I'm glad you got diagnosed and that medication is helping you!.I recently got diagnosed at 29  and walked down a similar path. It's a very odd feeling, when I got diagnosed I didn't go back to the doctor for three months because I just didn't feel like I could deal with it.  
  
I'm glad treatment is working out for you; very occasionally feeling calm is this strange new emotion that I'm getting to grips with, hah. I feel you man! I was diagnosed late in life too and once I realized this is how my brain works, it just clicks. 

Your problems aren't a character flaw, it's just your brain man. 

That said, there are ways to improve!! 

Welcome here and hope you find some useful skills for coping! I love reading other people’s stories! I was just officially diagnosed and it was just so eye opening! All the problems that I just hated about myself were all because of ADHD. One thing that has been annoying is how many just brush it off when they find out you have it. “ oh like half the population has that” “are you sure it’s not something else” “oh I’m sure I have that too” “oh it can’t be that bad” the list goes on but you get where I’m going. I started adderall like literally two days ago and I feel great ish for a few hours. I’m assuming I need a stronger dose. But I guess that’s part of learning what helps you and everything. I hope your journey is life changing and wonderful! "Imposter syndrome" is real, but it sounds like you really do have ADHD. Help is available, don't fall into the trap of thinking that it "isn't you".  We get man we are here to listen Thank you for reading and replying. 

The medication helps a little bit but it's really not helping much yet but I think it will change after I get a full dose (36 mg). The effect is now so slight that I notice it but it feels so fragile that after something like 45 minutes it starts to fade a away. :( 