I need help with reading. I know that there was a post a few hours ago about reading in this subreddit, but I wanted to state my own situation, because I really do need help.

I'm a first year university student. Most of my courses so far havent used required reading, thank god. No textbooks. And the ones that do have textbooks, I never ever read them. Not really because I dont want to, but it feels like I cant.

Now its exam time, and I need to study my textbooks. But I cant read them at all.
Its weird. I know what the words mean. I know what they say, and I know each of their meanings. But its like the words are all individuals; I cant put them together. 
I can read fiction books. I used to love reading those. But with reading something im not interested in, it feels like i cant do it.

You know how sometimes youll be reading, until you realize you havent actually been paying attention for the past paragraph, so you reread it all?
Thats like how I am with textbooks. Except it happens every sentence, 6+ times in a row. I can read a sentence 10 times, yet not absorb anything from the sentence. Once I get the sentence, I cant link it up to the rest of the paragraph.

Ive tried text to voice, and ive tried reading line by line, but nothing works

I dont have any other coexsisting disorders. I can read things I'm interested in fine. Just not textbooks.
Im on dexadrine, 5mg dose. Ill bump it up to 10 or 15 when Im really struggling though, but nothing seems to help my reading.


TLDR: I cant absorb any information from my textbooks. I know what each individual word means, but I cant read it as a sentence.

Any help or advice as to what i should do??? Even though I should be kicking the shit out of this paper due tomorrow i'm on here... But for reading I have been using all software that lets me listen to a robot read for me. I crank that shit to nearly x2.0 speed. English american Mark, lower pitch voice. https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/read-aloud-a-text-to-spee/hdhinadidafjejdhmfkjgnolgimiaplp I'll my books are online for the most part, so its easy for me. I've been lucky with someone videos because you can boost the speed too. I learned the speed is actually helping me to pay attention. (not going to spell check this) thanks for the tip! i did mention in my post that i have previously tried that though. Unfortunately the text to speech voice is far too disorienting for me, and actually makes it harder to understand the words. Thank you though! 