fucking overdraft fees. Why am I 28 years old and I still feel like I need my hand held on everything including my finances. Basically, I forgot that I had a ach transaction that I made and it cost me $160 ($32x5) in overdraft fees. For one, $34 transaction.  I'm not completely sure how it got 5 overdraft fees from it.  I think it was from the timing of the transactions pending vs when they posted and other debit transactions posting after that. 

I'm just so tired. I am diagnosed but unable to pay for my meds at the moment due to my financial situation. 

I feel like finances (along with anything else a normal adult should be able to do) when you have ADHD just perpetuates itself.  I can't remember to balance a checkbook or spreadsheet, I can't remember what transactions I have made, and when I do have money, I impulsively spend it so I don't have any savings. 

Sometimes life with ADHD sucks.  Call them, never just assume you have to pay overdraft or late fees. Most of the time they will waive them for you calling and explaining.  These murdered me.  I had to specifically instruct my credit union to stop accepting overdraft requests from my debit card and just decline them.  

Anymore I just carry cash.  Easier to budget when I can see what's left in the wallet.  Banking Fees: I switched my kids to a credit union. It helped them keep more of their mone. Please consider doing the same.

The other stuff: Start by making sure some of your money goes to long-term savings. [This little article](https://wealthyjoeinvesting.com/2017/11/18/guest-post-is-15-too-young-by-chris-pascale/)really helped me. I basically had to switch banks because of one super small mistake that had detrimental financial effects. My phone bill was due and I received the reminder text to pay it. I only had like $50 in my account and needed that in there to pay for my monthly charges that were about to hit my account within a day or two. The text message gave me two options, "send 1 to pay the full bill now" or "send 2 to pay at a later date". I accidentally hit 1 and just like that I had negative $50. Then the overdraft fee happens and then an extended overdraft fee. Next time I check my account 3 more fees hit due to my monthly charges along with extended fees for those as well. My account was in the negative $300's at that point. 

I switched banks and can't overdraft at all now, which is good. It took almost a year to bring my other account to zero.  You might try looking around at some other banks, I have a checking (and savings) at two separate banks because I pay my bills/keep my savings from a different account than I spend out of. This helps because it eliminates the ACH bill payments that take a few days to process, and I do a lot less guessing and mind calculations on how much money I have left.

&#x200B;

BUT at one bank the o'draft fee is only $22 and at the other one it's only $17! I certainly still need help budgeting, so I do overdraft occasionally, and while it sucks to say you lost $66 to overdraft fees, it's better than $96.

&#x200B;

I'm in the same boat though, the budget was waaay too tight this last month, I ended up fucking up some math and overdrafting a couple times, now luckily we have some decent paychecks coming in this week but most of them are going to digging ourselves out of the hole from October. Feels so shitty to be 28, making livable money (nothing crazy by any means but I should be able to handle this) but still fucking my shit up at least a few times a year. Oh well. Tomorrow is a new day and all I can do is try to be better! I did have them waive an overdraft fee a few months ago for a pending transaction that was shown twice on my account, but they acted like it was a big deal to waive it for me and lectured me on overdraft fees and banking (eye roll; definitely not the best mode of education for someone with adhd).  I will call today though, hopefully I'll get someone more helpful and not condescending.  I go through my local CU already. 

And thank you for the article, I'll hopefully get to it today. lol Yeah dont worry about the judgement they try to put on you. Along with not shaming yourself. Try to write things down until you feel confident you got the financials down. Its not easy writing it down but if you are consistently paying attention to your numbers it will help you keep track. I have to do it with almost everything in my life. Use my cell phone for alot of it. Appointments wouldnt happen if i didn't set a calendar reminder. Manage your money better  