How to manage RSD in a long-distance relationship? After a year of singledom, and against every shred of my better judgment, I have found myself in a long-distance relationship. Rejection sensitivity dysphoria and emotional dysregulation have contributed to the failure of every past relationship I've had, and I had kinda resigned myself to my fate as a forever cat lady (and I love cats, but, you know.)

Though this relationship is probably one of the healthiest I've had, I find that trying to manage my RSD with regards to my bf is especially difficult when our primary form of communication is texting. I don’t have body language or verbal cues to go off of, and I find myself spiraling over absurdly benign things, like him using a peace sign emoji instead of a heart (does this mean his feelings for me have been downgraded? Is this his subtle way of hinting he wants to break up?? Am I gonna be alone forever??????? And on and on ad nauseum.)

The logical side of my brain knows these episodes are totally irrational. I know my constant need for reassurance and validation will only push him away if I act on it. I know RSD is clouding everything, and that we’re most likely just fine. I’m just finding it really hard to convince myself of this.

So, does anyone have any mantras or self-soothing mechanisms that I can use to hit the brakes when I start spinning out like this? And is there any way I can bring this up to him without coming off as a Category 5 Rebecca Bunch? Because I know my own instincts are screwy, I’m not really sure what’s reasonable to ask of him. He’s quite understanding and pretty sensitive to my needs (both spoken and unspoken), knows I have ADHD, and has some mental health issues himself (primarily OCD, and yet he’s remarkably un-horrified by my slovenliness.) 

Some further context: I'm 28 and three semesters into a PhD program; he's 32 and finishing his last semester of nursing school. The relationship started in June, and was meant to be a summer fling while I was back in town to work over break. We haven't discussed future plans in \*too\* much detail, but have more or less concluded that he'll move to be with me eventually, possibly after his lease is up in August. 

We already do all the basic LDR stuff (FaceTiming, watching Netflix together, etc.) and that definitely helps—I'm just looking for some help managing my crazy, and maybe some ideas on how to talk to him about it. I’ve never explained the whole RSD thing, mostly because of all my concerns detailed above, but i think that conversation would be a good place to start. Anyway, any and all suggestions are much appreciated and thank you for reading this unnecessarily lengthy post!

tl;dr: RSD is causing me to read way too much into minor things in my long-distance relationship, and I’m seeking advice for both talking about it with him and becoming less crazy/in need of reassurance

📷**ReplyForward**  My husband and I are polyamorous, and a big part of doing relationships that way is learning how to productively manage and overcome this kind of reaction! It's suuuuper common, but definitely does suck extra much with that nice ADHD RSD multiplier! Some practical tips from my own life:

* Make a list of a handful of self-care tasks you can do when you start freaking out and you think you shouldn't be- I used to start with making tea, and it progressed from there to knitting and reading and taking a hot bath/shower or running. Stuff you can do individually for only yourself that you enjoy.
* Take a screenshot of you expressing a specific concern to him over text and his response- after several minor panics about stuff I feel like makes me a sub-standard partner, and my husband texting me the same reassurance, I took a screenshot. Whenever I started to panic about that exact thing again, I could read the response and get the reassurance without bringing it up for the one-millionth time.
* My husband and I developed a system of unofficial requests- "pay attention to me" means to please stop whatever else you're doing and engage with only me for a few minutes so I can feel reassured, that kind of thing.
* We still have, in a drawer in the dresser, little love letters we wrote to each other. Feeling awful? Get it out and read about how much your partner values you and all the unique things you bring to your relationship!
* Two real tips- don't be afraid to communicate honestly. If you ever feel like expressing yourself honestly will negatively impact the relationship, that's a red flag. Finally, understand that most other negative and "bad" emotions, like anger and jealousy, usually stem from insecurity about how you feel about your own self-worth. Be kind to yourself and each other when one of you lashes out in insecurity and fear, and be quick to forgive. Figure out what went wrong, and when you feel it start to happen again, stop and name it to the other person. Not every miscommunication needs to be a whole thing. Remember, neither of you wants to hurt the other one on purpose, or you wouldn't be dating.

For more great info, there's a really great podcast called "Multiamory" that did an amazing episode on long-distance relationships like a month ago I think? Since husband has been away for work for the last few months, I loved hearing some new tips they offered in that episode. Good luck! With a good foundation of communication, honesty, and respect, LDRs can totally work out.

&#x200B;

Edit: to get him involved, just tell him that you have a lot of personal insecurities, and you'd love him to help you by writing you some lovely love letters to keep physically with you, or that kind of thing. Husband and I have a policy that as long as the other person is honestly making a determined effort to work on their own insecurities and issues, we'll always help. It's a good policy- helpful and loving, but it also allows for an occasional moment of saying "you're stewing in this issue, it's gone on for months, this is how I'm helping you now." Have you tried intuniv for the RSD?  My understanding is that people take it in addition to the stims. 

Couples therapy when things are new and fun is a perfectly rational, lovely choice. My wife and I did this at about 18 month mark and it make a huge difference. 

We were in our late 20s and knew we were serious about each other.  17 years later, it was without question the best thing.  As an ADHD person, we basically have fucking clue who the other person is if we don’t have a sherpa.

 I don't have any advice at this time, but I will be watching this thread. I'm almost exactly the same way.. :/ The Guideline from the r/ROCD sub really helped me with anxious thoughts about my relationship Wow, that's incredibly helpful! Thank you so much for sharing. You and your husband seem lovely :)  Happy to help! Managing insecurity in relationships is really hard at first, but so rewarding once you get the hang of it. Good luck! 