Figured out a weird Life hack for studying This is completely unconventional and might only work for me, in any case with how helpful this community has been I felt obliged to at least share it.  


So like many of you here I suffer from undiagnosed ADHD,  I couldn't focus on a couple of boobs if my life depended on it,  as you can imagine this has far reaching negative effects in my life  the worst been my education. 


I tried a lot  of self help things in trying to improve my ability to study and concentrate on boring stuff all with little to no success


So  a week ago I had a light bulb moment while listening to a podcast,  for some reason I seem to retain information and understand concepts better when they are in audio format and it doesn't require a  rigid focus like reading books or articles. 


So I decided to take this idea a step further and record myself reading some good computer science articles and concepts.  *I just visualized Morgan Freeman and it just came out*. 


My God! The difference has been staggering,  I have now understood and retained stuff that I have been putting off.  The whole process took roughly an hour and now I just repeat this recorded information an hour or two every day when I have downtime.  Like myncknm, I retain slightly better from written word than oral, but what you're doing still makes sense. You might find just creating the recording causes better retention. The words pass though your brain twice, once when you read them and again when you verbalize. Replaying the recording reinforced the learning yet again.

I learned in a neuroscience class a few years ago that it you are reading text along with hearing it read aloud you retain it better. You might want to try listening to your self-recordings while rereading the text. Let us know how that works. Thanks! I have the opposite problem! No difficulty reading (for the most part), but I wouldn't be able to keep my attention on a podcast for the life of me. I envy you - I feel like if I could retain audio information my life would be so much easier. Instead I have to scramble to write notes before my brain sets the verbal data free. ahh not to be that person but in the second paragraph I think you meant "books" not "boobs"
> I couldn't focus on a couple of boobs  Here's an even weirder life hack: get a diagnosis, don't procrastinate it. Speaking from experience :( Everyone has different learning "styles" that is best for them to understand and retain information. Some learn best by listening, or by reading, or by doing, etc.

I have a super hard time processing auditory information unless I am paying 100% attention to it, but I learn way better by interacting with information; my studying trick was to re-write my notes, and sometimes re-organize them different ways. It had to be with a pen and a paper too, typing wasn't interactive enough because I type 100wpm and it was just a brainless eye-to-finger transcription. Splitting my attention between the words on the page and trying to connect the ideas in different ways kept it novel enough to keep me engaged, especially when I was trying to learn a language. I mean, I could only manage it for half an hour max, but what I got done in that time actually stuck with me.

I flunked French in college trying to study the way I was "supposed" to (despite having at least passive exposure most of my life since I'm Canadian), and managed a B in Swedish once I started experimented with studying styles. I wished when I was in college I'd figured this kind if thing out! I'm a super audible learner too but only as long as I'm ALSO moving around or occupying my body/hands in some way (drawing, folding laundry, exercising, cleaning the house, driving, or even playing a puzzle game on my phone like two dots...).  khanacademy What matters the most: using a coping concept that clicks for you. A concept that makes you happy, is fun, and gives you energy to go forward. This processes does not occur by forcing yourself to think of something, but the thought process has to occur organically...  Driving + audiobooks/podcasts/whatever...I've had a long commute for the last decade, and that's where I get most of my learning done.  Sadly, it doesn't lend itself to a lot of the material I'm interested in (programming, physics, music theory) with components that are difficult to read aloud.  If you have e-textbooks, the Macs have a text-to-speech option for just about any text that can be highlighted. The voice is robotic sounding but can be changed as well. Like many here I have more difficulty staying tuned in to audio recording, than I do with reading. However, I have found my proof reading is easier if I think the words in the voice of a famous person. It keeps my eyes from sliding over the text and missing something.  Want to hear a REALLY weird life hack? I'm a lawyer but I'm also learning computer science because I hate being an attorney. I take a bunch of online courses. The absolute best learning I do is doing these online courses while I'm working.

I do menial work with the course running minimized in the background. I listen to the audio, type notes into emails, take a second or two to answer questions when no one's watching my monitor... All while working.

I've always done my best work when I'm bored with something I have to do. Do I have to be sitting at work? My brain is freaking fascinated by the quicksort lecture running in the background. Am I at home with games or my puppy within arm's reach? I'm still fascinated by quicksort but good god it's impossible to pay attention. It's like my brain only works at full speed when it's operating in distracted mode. I have to trick it into thinking I'm procrastinating. Lol -- brains are dumb.

If I had been diagnosed in college I would have taken advantage of this by studying while watching boring documentaries or something.

I'm dreading the day my firm's IT department catches on. But maybe they won't care since it's compsci? 😅 > I learned in a neuroscience class a few years ago that it you are reading text along with hearing it read aloud you retain it better. You might want to try listening to your self-recordings while rereading the text. Let us know how that works. Thanks!

wow, neuroscience is so cool. wish i had taken some classes on it. For a minute, I was thinking that the OP couldn't have adhd because boobs are pretty stimulating. If your IT department does catch on, please let us know about it, and maybe it would make /r/talesfromtechsupport as well.

Speaking as an IT professional - if I found you out I would probably try to help you out with the compsci, or at least keep you from being found out by your boss(es).

also - they say lawyers are evil, but IT can be bastards - http://www.theregister.co.uk/data_centre/bofh/

If you're not taking the network down, maybe you can join us. Maybe he just prefers a nice ass? Lol 