Problems with texting people Anyone else find it hard to talk to people occasionally? Like as in you either are over-invested and need to talk to or you just can't focus and ignore people for weeks? Just seeing if it's a me thing or yet another shitty ADHD effect. This makes me laugh so hard because when I take my medicine about a half an hour later without fail I'm super spazzy and texting everyone I've ever met Definitely an ADHD thing. I can't reliably text when I'm not dosed on Adderall. And when I am, I send walls of text. My friends actually use this as an indicator of whether I'm on my medication. One thing that I've found helps is setting your phone to give you multiple notifications when you haven't read a text. I have mine set to three currently. It brings me back to reality when my mind wanders.  I was hoping it wasn't just me.  It's kinda frustrating.  Well, really frustrating.  I've been trying to be mindful of this exact circumstance and I'm trying to use it as practice to stay in touch with people whether they can do anything for me or not.   I do the same thing, and am having trouble socially because of it, Either I spam text people (and in the process annoy the shit out of them) or dont respond for hours on end. I try to explain that I am not trying to be annoying, but its so hard to not text people when I think of something to tell them. It seems like I'm not the only one. So thankful I'm not the only one. I have anxiety and social anxiety as well but I've had an interesting social life and done some overly social things such as DJ - it's mostly just introversion and difficulty with one-on-one or small group interactions/conversations. 

I think I'm a wordy person by default, I've always been a writer (for enjoyment, academics, etc.). When I take my Adderall, I find myself sending texts that I don't realize are too long until it's too late. Most of the time, even if I realize that I'm typing far too much, I can't even figure out a way to summarize my points. I'm always embarrassed, apologetic, and regretful of these texts. The same goes for e-mails, forum/Reddit posts, and Facebook posts/comments. Without fail, I always regret whatever information I put out there and how much of it. 

I can't tell you how many Facebook comments I've left, particularly when dealing with politics, science, or anything of the sort, that end up becoming 6+ paragraph essays that I know probably makes me look like a weirdo, pretentious, too much of a nerd, or has information that I would otherwise keep private - whether it's personal information or my opinion on something controversial/debatable.

On that note, I have a terrible habit of going back and deleting things I post, especially anything far too lengthy or that I deem embarrassing. Implicating anywhere that I have any sort of mental disability, even as harmless or common as ADHD/ADD and anxiety is almost bound for deleting...which makes getting help and support or offering comments such as yours which reassures others that they're not the only one a very difficult thing to do.

If I can't go back and delete my content, I'm usually left with anxiety and fear of judgement that I can't seem to shake. Sometimes this leads to me becoming even more reclusive and avoidant of that person, place I posted, or social interaction altogether. It's a terrible cycle.

At the same time, I enjoy it while it lasts sometimes - kinda like the feeling you get when you're drunk and you speak your mind, for better or worse, only to regret it the next morning when recovering from a hangover. I can also see how the tendency/ability could be harnessed for good use such as productivity, writing school papers (if I were still in school), or the pipe dream of starting a blog or becoming a writer in some form. I know exactly what you mean. Not sure if it's the free flow of information or the mental association of adderall with school, but when I'm medicated, I always end up structuring texts and comments like an academic essay. Ultimately, I think it comes down to the fact that we can see every point of the argument and don't want to leave something out and subsequently weaken it simply because it's not exactly socially acceptable. 

You have to stop bugging out about it though, man. Maybe keep private information to yourself, but don't be ashamed of dropping a knowledge bomb or saying some well though-out shit. And definitely don't go back and delete your comments. By doing so, you're telling the world (and more importantly and worse, yourself) that what you did was something wrong and shameful. And definitely don't frantically apologize, that just makes it awkward. If they're worthy of regularly talking to, just tell them that that's something that happens when you're on your meds. If they don't get it or take issue with it, they aren't worth your time. 


Just keep doing you. You're awesome, don't forget that.  