Was taking Wellbutrin for 3 years for depression got taken off of it and now I can't seem to sit still, sleep and my attention span is all over the place (not that it was really that good to begin with). I know it is used off label for ADHD so I asking if any of you have dealt with this **TLDR: Got taken off Wellbutrin 150mg XL three weeks ago and now I can't sleep. Has anyone else dealt with this?**

I originally posted this on /r/depression because I was on Wellbutrin for that but figured I'd also X-post here because maybe someone here will be able to offer some advice. Sorry for the long post. 

I read the sidebar and took out the part where I was going to ask you guys if its possible I might have ADHD. I'll go ask a doctor. I'm just worried if I ask a doctor and then they end up RXing something am I going to be exhausted all the time as Wellbutrin was obviously doing to me or even worse will it exacerbate the Anxiety problems I already deal with? Of course when I go see the doc I'll ask him/her about this as well but I'm wondering about any of your experiences in the meantime. 


If it isn't going to make me sleepy it might not be a bad idea if it will help me not spend half the day looking for all the shit I have lost (We found my keys in the freezer once, apparently I got some ice and left them in there), stop me from chronically rushing out the door at the last minute because A. My keys were in the freezer (I mean why would I ever place them there?) B. Reddit distracted me, C. I had to go back in the house for at least three other items I forgot, Stop my boyfriend giving me the nickname Dory because my memory is shit, stop pissing people off because I have asked them the same question at least four times because for whatever reason I didn't hear all of it the first two times and I forgot what it was they asked the third time (this is why I love text messages, I can read them over and over if I keep forgetting the message), stop me from rudely interrupting people all of the time (and getting called a chatterbox), help me finish a task before moving on to the next task (which is why I have a half clean car, a halfway perfectly organized desk, a half complete homework assignment, a half a basket of laundry that still needs to be put away, a half made bed, half a shopping list, and probably attempted to do all of these things at the same time) and who knows what other issues I have that I don't recognize on my own. 

When I do those online tests for ADHD/ADD I get mixed results I think because I don't have a problem recognizing all the small details in work in fact I  focus on them so much that I miss the big picture and often don't finish things on time because I spent so much time perfecting the parts no one else really seems to care about or notice for that matter. If I am reading an important memo and the idiot who wrote it misspelled a few items or used the wrong font I have trouble reading the rest of the memo because it is extremely distracting. I have actually re-wrote someone's memo with the corrections and sent it back to them hoping they got the point.   

Ok so here's the situation: 
 
I have been on 100mg Zoloft and 150mg of Wellbutrin for over three years. I never noticed any particularly bad side effects at 150mg but was suffering from chronic fatigue. I have been on the medication for so long I just figured that depression, a full time job, college and having two children were responsible for the fatigue and not the medication.  I was overstressed at work and ended up having an anxiety attack about 3 weeks ago. Of course the emergency room blamed my Wellbutrin for the Anxiety attack because it is a stimulant. I know that was not the case or it would have happened more than once in the three years I've been taking it but they took me off of it and gave me gabapentin. I tried taking that shit for about three days and refuse to take it again. It made me feel high as fuck. I don't particularly enjoy feeling spaced out and was afraid to drive on it not to mention completely non-functional (I was laughing at everything, dropping shit on the floor, spilling food and even my kids were like what the heck is wrong with mommy?). Anyways I was signing out of work for two weeks of leave the following Monday. Not being at work for that time my sleep schedule got a little fucked up and I just figured that it was probably because I was not stressed out at work and did not need to get up early. I slept like 14 hours a day the first week which actually had become "normal" over the last few years anyways. The second week I was not so sleepy which I accounted for not having to be at work. I went back to work last week and I'm still having problems sleeping. Since about a week and a half after I stopped taking the Wellbutrin I have been averaging only about three hours of sleep a night if that. I'm having trouble sitting still as well. I was exhausted Monday morning at work because I did not sleep at all Sunday night. I still stayed up the whole day and then went to bed at 10pm. I woke up at 3am and was unable to go back to sleep so I started my day not in the least bit sleepy. Today when I got off work I got a little sleepy and went to bed at 7pm. I woke up fully refreshed at midnight and here I am on the computer at 3am not the least bit sleepy. I'm starting to think that the Wellbutrin was responsible for my chronic fatigue which is really odd because it is a stimulant and normally gives people insomnia. I'm also fidgety and can't seem to sit still. My anxiety has not been too bad overall as I was able to address the work related stresses that caused the attack with my superiors and the problem has been managed. 

I have seen online where Wellbutrin has been used off label for ADHD and I'm not sure if that is what might be going on here as most people who take Wellbutrin get energy from it and chronic fatigue when taken off of it. Do you think that I should talk to my doctor about this (I have not been in to see them since the hospital visit)? Would an ADHD medication bring back the chronic fatigue or potentially cause an Anxiety attack if they end up prescribing something?) Has anyone else here experienced anything similar to this and can speak from experience? I was pregnant before the Prozac so I obviously had chronic fatigue from pregnancy. Before the pregnancy I remember having insomnia but that was a really long time ago. I don't know if this adds anything to the situation or not but it might. 

I was on Prozac before the Wellbutrin for almost a year but when they got the dosage right I gained 20lbs in a month and that was when they switched me to Wellbutrin. I had bad memory problems (I would forget my own name, what I was supposed to be doing. even was late to work once because I drove to my former workplace thinking I worked there it was a nightmare) when I was on 450mg of Wellbutrin and that is why they dropped it to 150mg and supplemented with Zoloft 100mg.  

Another note I also stopped taking the Zoloft but I know that was not making me fatigued because I was on Zoloft by itself off and on for 2 or 3 years before the pregnancy and it never made me tired before. 


**TLDR: Got taken off Wellbutrin 150mg XL three weeks ago and now I can't sleep. Has anyone else dealt with this?** Sorry I posted this more than once. I was using a new app on my laptop and apparently it posted without letting me know. I deleted the multiples.  I'm really not sure what your situation could be! I suggest talking to a pharmacist and your doctor. Perhaps your withdrawal from Wellbutrin is causing insomnia? Everyone reacts to medications differently; if you google Wellbutrin and fatigue, you can find many people finding that Wellbutrin makes them tired. Perhaps it's not right for you!

On the subject of ADHD and anxiety, I have both. However, my psychiatrist said that a good portion of my ADHD is likely contributing to my anxiety (in terms of work, school, feeling like I am inadequate) so it is important to treat them both, at least for me. There's going to be lots of trial and error, but don't let one deter you from seeking help for the other.  Post the tldr at the top in bold (** before and after the text **like this**)
Most ppl here will see the wall of text and close the window before reading anything.

If you want someone here to read the text, make it short and structured :D I've been medicated for depression and anxiety for so long (over 5 years steady if you count all different meds) and off/on for another 3 prior to that it's like I said to a buddy at work today honestly I probably don't even know my unmedicated self anymore. Not like a depersonalization or anything just don't remember things that far back.  I figured as much but at the same time I couldn't stop typing. :D Its a problem I have. People are always telling me to just spit it out already and stop beating around the bush. Just be happy we aren't talking in person. I don't know how to shut up. I'll edit my post.  