Keep getting distracted while reading and studying? Try audiobooks and text to speech programs. Wish I did this long ago. 

I’ve never been much of a reader because it’s hard for me to keep a continued focus and it takes me a long time to get through a book. I listened to my first audiobook two months ago because there was a book I really wanted to read, but I didn’t really have time as a student. So I listened to is while driving, working out, etc. 

This has turned me on to listening to podcasts. I’ve been learning so much more and staying up with current events. Occasionally I zone out, but since it’s continuously playing, it usually will zap me back in. 

So what to do about studying? Well I usually just sucked it up. I’m pretty embarrassed with how long it takes me to read because of how much I get distracted. But I managed. Since my latest obsession with audiobooks and podcasts, I decided to try a text to reader program. 

I use a program called “Natural Reader.” And I haven’t been the most ethical in the way I’ve used it. I’m not advocating you do the same as me, but just that this is what I have done. First I torrented it, cause I’m a broke student. If you buy it, you can get better voices though, because the only torrent version I could find only had two voices.
 
So for me, the book I needed to read was available as an ebook but not audiobook. So I also downloaded a DRM removal program, which removes the restrictions on it that allows you to change epub and other ebook files into pdfs. This will then allow you to open it up on natural reader. 

I did have to play with it some, and it’s not the best, but when I get it to work, it’s awesome. Like studying has become so much easier. Perhaps I’m just more an auditory learner than visual. But it’s helped me.

Also check out the app OverDrive, which allows you to rent audiobooks from your library for free.  I cannot agree more! Audiobooks helped me immensely through more than a few college courses. If a text is in the public domain or just generally isn't a McGraw-Hill sort of thing, then I gave a shot at trying to find an audiobook version.

Librivox has a lot, and I had a lot of luck just throwing "[name of text] audiobook" into YouTube's search.

Thanks for sharing the stuff about voice-to-text and OverDrive! I'm not as tech-savvy as I used to be. 