Almost kicked out of college and my lack to get information onto paper. Last year I collapsed and was nearly kicked out of my 4-year BS program due to poor grades. I appealed after having testing and diagnosis of ADHD, re-diagnosis really, I have been tested throughout my life, even at an early age. I was allowed back as long as I achieved a certain GPA. Switching from concerta to vyvanse, and moving to my sophomore year. I felt good and wanted to prove my parents wrong, they have always been completely supportive but gave me a reality check as to pursuing a chemistry major. I believed I knew the issues and could be successful. I was taking easier courses and on a 5 year plan to secure my place then continue my major. I am still struggling to obtain the grades and I haven't improved my situation at all.

It was shown in my testing I was having a difficult time relaying the information that was in my head, and could verbally recant, onto physical paper, and therefore had a difficult time obtaining good grades. I could, and would prove I knew the material verbally in class (my school is rather small so it was easier to respond to the professor directly) and i would do fairly well in the actual procedure of lab. The lab write-ups, homeworks, and tests were all horrible due to improper wording and not saying how i see it in my head. It has always been much easier to do things in my head, but now i cannot relay the info. 

I am having the same issue this year with different medication, is this an issue for anybody else and does anybody have any ideas? You could have a learning disability, and if evaluated, could appeal to get accommodations for that when taking tests. As for homework, look around for speech-to-text technology. 

Otherwise, I do think writing is a learned skill. I don't know how your previous school experience helped with that. My daughters went to a school that focused on writing skills from very early on. I suspect one daughter has ADHD but manages okay in college (bichem) because she had such good teachers who stressed writing skills in every class. Writing doesn't come easy for her either, but she has learned a lot of practical skills that help. 

Look around at school and see if you can get some help learning these skills. It's not too late. And also get evaluated for a learning disability. 

Oh - and my sister had ADHD *and* a learning disability, one that is pretty bad. She practically flunked out of college, yet she is very sharp (tested high IQ), but she can't write at all. To be blunt, her writing (of anything, including FB posts) makes her look like an idiot. Despite it all, she is very successful in her career (sales); she has always had an assistant to write her business communications, and relies on speech-to-text technologies too. So don't despair. Just gotta persist and find your own workaround. 
 [removed] I do have a learning disability, and am allowed accommodations to compensate for it, never thought about speech to text, ill think about it. Writing was never stressed early on for me so i have poor hand writing as well as slow reading and writing, but can crank out papers on a computer without incident. 

Your sister seems to be going through a similar situation, I tested high IQ, but instead of not being able to write at all its more of a block in my brain to not process what I need to write. I will arrive at the correct answer in my brain very quickly, but not sure what I did, or why the answer is correct.

I will look into various options as I'm desperate for any help now. Why did you post that? Yeah, my sister's learning disability was dx'ed back in the 70s, I don't know the specifics but it falls under "severe dyslexia." She can read just fine - she is an avid reader and devours novels. Apparently that's because she's taught herself to accommodate. But she cannot handle math at all, and as I said, she cannot write at all. Her spelling is absolutely atrocious. It's definitely NOT an IQ issue. 

She relies a lot now on speech-to text technologies. Verbally, she's great. There are apps for that, I'd give it a try. 

Meanwhile, I'm exact opposite - I can write much better than I can express myself verbally. Writing gives me time to organize my thoughts. I had to learn to be organized though.  