How do you not lose your sense of time? I had to learn how to do a problem for my Computering Science class, so I went to YouTube to watch a quick 5 minute tutorial. But I noticed I had 1 new video in my sub feed. It was only 2 minutes long, so I figured hey, why not. It was 6pm, I had plenty of time to watch this.

Now it's 8:30PM, and I have no clue where my time went. I just went through a streak of videos, and I didn't even realize they were so long. I put them on 1.5x speed as well, I watched over 20 (mostly short) videos in 2 hours, smh.

I feel like I lose my sense of time a lot, even for simpler things. Is there any tips to have a better sense of time, I constantly feel like I zone out often and just lose my ability to focus.  I just don't have one so I can't lose it! hahaha

[Cronote.com](https://Cronote.com) when I can remember to use it it's literally the only thing that holds my life together. It sends you a text message that says whatever you want it to say when you want it to say it. It costs though. Alarm clock in my phone helps me out big time. I set alarms for shit all day long. Alarms and timers. Timer timer timer.

Recently I started using Forest App. I plant a 25 minute tree (on my phone and In my browser) AS SOON as I sit at my desk and then I plan what I am going to do. I start work. If I think I need to look something up or I wonder about something I write it down.

Then when my timer goes off I look at that list and do any of the things that I think I still want to do. I get settled at my desk - grab a glass of water, make sure I have looked at my calendar for the day. But because I have had 25 minutes of “work mode” already I am usually pretty efficient and ready to get back to work.

Depending on my day and my brain I might then set my timers for another 25 or for 60 minutes or 2 hours. I take water/toilet/stretch breaks as I need to but my personal browser is locked off as is my phone. 

It is working so well for me! 

The trick is that I bypass the impulse to “just get these distractions out of the way so I am not tempted later”. Because that’s a trick. Start right away and have a plan for a break. What even is time Alarms... I even name the alarms to what I need to do, lol. Whoooooooaaaaaa that's genius! it is one of the most worth-it expenses in my life when I actually use it. I don't know if you can use it from your phone (I don't have data, so no point in me trying), but if you can it'll be even better. Like, it's a small thing, to have an SMS instead of an alarm, but we often get so much into the habit of blowing off alarms that they become useless, whereas a text message is such a more user-friendly way to get a reminder.  Slick, thanks for sharing! 