And this is why I hate ADHD. Wall-o-text warning. I've posted here several times, found some good tips, and learned some good skills. However, I feel that I'm going to need something different this time.

Like many of you that have posted here, I go through phases on things.

I went through my "I'm going to be a writer" phase. That resulted in me starting no less than 5 manuscripts, complete with character bios, main ideas, mostly full plot lines, varying topics, and some have at least a couple of (terribly written) chapters. All of this is squirled away in notebooks, hidden in boxes, stashed deep within the bowels of my storage unit. That phase ended when I realized I can't write for shit. I know there are writers, several in fact, that have gotten absolute shit books published, but I still stopped. For humanities sake.

Then came the "music is going to be my life" phase. I got a cheap acoustic guitar, learned some tabs for *Smoke on the water* and the always challenging *7 Nation Army*, and tried to write a couple of songs. This phase ended during a drunken night of "oh yeah, well fuck you" with my ex. Kinda hard to pay the guitar when the finger board is in pieces and spread across three countries.

Of course, I had my "an artist is who I want to be" phase. This one was short lived (even by ADHD standards) once I remembered that I can't draw, and people don't really *buy* stick art. I don't have the requisite attributes of most famous artist's considering I have no (other) major mental deficits and as I didn't feel like falling in love with my mother, I decided to quit while I was ahead. Total time spent on this one? 5 hours. I even tried *kinda* to sketch a self portrait, but I couldn't find paper wide enough to draw myself the way I felt I looked at the time. Michael's just didn't have a sketch book that came with pages 2 feet wide. 

I have gone through just as many jobs as phases, it seems. I succeeded at most of them, and can honestly say I have yet to be fired, which I feel is pretty good. 

Currently, at the ripe old age of 27, I have held 17 jobs. Far more than even the most unemployfull (is that even a word) person I know. He happens to be addicted to numerous drugs, no highschool diploma, no GED, and won't cut his hair for anything less than $15 an hour. Yeah, I've had more jobs than that guy.

I have a very love-hate relationship with my current job, which also happens to be my longest held position. After a little over two years in a helpdesk/phone support position, I have come to really hate my fellow man. Not because of the atrocities I see on the news, or the impending civil war brewing here in the states, but for a much simpler reason. I have grown to hate people simply because they can't seem to figure out how to use a computer, even on the most basic of levels. I have reached the point in my life that if I have to explain what I mean when I ask someone to click on the "start" button one more time, or why a printer needs to be powered on order for it to print, I'm going to walk into the server room and activate the halon system.

I feel that I'm growing out of my "I love computers, let's fix them for people" phase, but considering I don't have a trust fund, or a meaningful savings account, or a sugar-momma, I am in dire need of keeping my (almost) gainful employment. 

So I throw myself before the alter of /r/adhd, and humbly request some help from you. 

How do you keep yourselves interested in things? I've tried to rekindle my love for IT by attempting to take some college courses and attaining some certifications to further my career and open up some doors, but in true ADHD fashion of trying to info overload, I took on a course load that would make even the most dedicated full time student shudder with thoughts of having 4 sets of homework, midterms, projects, and finals at the same time. Did I mention I'm attempting this while working full time?

I'm at your mercy /r/adhd, what can I do to help myself stay focused on doing my job instead of focusing on what kind of training there is online for people that aspire to be tour guides or wondering what my life would be like if I had been born in ancient Greece!

What do y'all do to stay interested in things?

Thanks in advance!

P.s. For those wondering, I probably would have ended up being locked up for lunacy or something, I concluded the other day. Then I started thinking about what I could trade my sandals for in an ancient Greek prison, and what I would have to do to avoid getting shived and... yeah, I told you this shit got deep. Haha, if you figure out the answer, I'd sure be glad to hear it. I have a knee-high bin of yarn because I wanted to learn to knit things. I lasted about two hours. Still have the yarn, though. Go to therapy.

Realize time is short.

Realize you are a wage slave and will not have any influence on anything on this planet, unless you develop your potential.

Realize your brain doesn't give a fuck about any of that shit and just wants instant gratification.

Realize that determination is only a cliche until you have it.

 Don't know what your college courses are in, but if they are programming-related, you could try using your fleeting interests to fuel your programming progress. For example, writing some software that does something related to your interest.  That way if your focus has wandered off programming, you can use the focus you do have to still learn things about programming.    Even if the interest dies, never mind, you still made some programming progress.

Also, try and deflect that hate of people away somewhere else where it belongs. People do not deliberately set out to have computer problems: not everyone has the advantage of having intelligence, experience, technical comfort, and the memory and organisational skills to remember how to use computer equipment perfectly.  For example, printers having to be switched on to print is not at all obvious to someone who has used many examples of electronic devices that don't need a human to switch them on.

 I feel yah, maybe we should have an /r/adhd swap meet where we trade all the leftovers from our "projects" to other people so we can not finish something else lol. 

Knitting would be something cool to try though... Th..th..thanks, I think. My curses are Linux + to have a cert I actually think it's relevant, A+ because it looks good on resumes,  CisCiscocause I want to learn networking and eventually get my CCaCCard and hopefully start an actual career. 

I figured taking things I actually enjoy would make it easier to stay focused, guess that part of my brain want listening to the rest of my brain at that particular moment. 

 