Why didn't anyone tell me about dictation software?! For anyone struggling in school or college or university who has to write essays, HOLY HELL today I tried dictating an essay and it changed everything. 

All I had to do today was write this essay. I already knew what I was going to say, I literally just had to sit down in one place for more than 15 minutes and just write in full sentences. How did I get on you ask?

Well I procrastinated til 5.15pm (on meds- so at least I've replied to every email and watered all my plants and put the dishwasher on). I absolutely could not get started at all. I couldn't even sit at a desk. I lost interest even thinking about doing it. I was starting to panic that, once again, my inability to do anything like a normal person was going to fuck up my entire life.

But talking has never been a problem for me- I can speak in class pretty much unendingly if I get into it. Speaking unfreezes me when I don't understand something. I got 1500 words written down by 7pm using dictation.

Usually I hate how impulsively I talk, but look at me now! Embracing this weird thing I have and using it to my advantage! I hope someone else can get something from this, as I never really 'got' how to work *with* rather than *around* my ADHD before. Maybe we can actually do this!

(P.S. I will of course probably get bored of dictation in 2-3 days.)

&#x200B; It doesn't work for me, cause when I'm not on I freeze up in thoughts (but typing is not frozen, go fig - so. Opposite of you)

But glad it works!

Just make sure you take some time to go back and read it for content. (or better yet have someone - else--do it) Dictating can lead to a lot of stream of conscious talking which, for anyone other than yourself, can be very hard to follow!  What program are you using? I've been working on a book for three years! Honestly that sounds like a great idea, because even if the draft doesn't make sense, you have something to work with. A blank page is one of the most daunting things (at least for me).  One of my favorite things! I love that Macs now have easy vocal dictation that transfers straight to whatever type-y area you have open.  Text to speech software:

I use text to speech software often during commute and late at night. Hooked phone up to my Bluetooth radio makes it easy to rewind by sentence, paragraph, article, via radio controls. You can adjust speed and voice to comfort.

It's made a HUGE difference in the time it takes for me to fall asleep. I usually listen to scp.org or the like. It takes a bit of practice to not have your mind wonder midway, basically a cognitive exercise to recognize thought patterns. Controlling tangent thoughts has allowed me to fall asleep quickly for the first time.

I use [@voice](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hyperionics.avar) for android, it's. I ended up buying the upgraded version bc i use it for sleep nightly.  Google Drive also has this feature already included, for people who want to try it without buying software.  

Warning: If you speak quickly or are dictating highly technical/jargon-y things, it will freak out and won’t understand you. What program do you use? I've been looking into it as I'm also dyslexic but I've been using the excuse I can type fast enough it doesn't matter. But if it helps think better that sounds like it'll help a lot! I can definitely see how AT VERY LEAST roughing in an essay via dictation software would be VERY helpful. But dictation software sucked when I was in college (11 years ago, I graduated) so it wasn't an option. Thanks so much for the tip! Yeh editing is essential..! I guess for me speaking out loud unfreezes me, and even if it's not my best writing, that in itself is a huge thing for me. 

How do you switch from being on and off? I started with just the inbuilt MacBook one, but now trying out Dragon!  Exactly the same for me. Practice. Time. Meds. I'm on with meds now (only started a week ago and feeling great cause of it.) 

Before, it was just a lifetime of coping techniques. Recognizing when a moment of hyper focus was coming on and taking the reigns to direct it.... If I could ( not always easy, or even possible) setting up situations that would lead to hyper focus (doesn't always work...)

There isn't, for me, a consistent way to be 'on'... But I have a tool box of tricks that maybe one of them might work this time.

Maybe. XD The Apple/Mac software is, from experience, better than Dragon. We have a few Dragon licences at work, one person still uses it, but my boss uses her iPhone instead! 

&#x200B;

Personally I hated dictation, I found it slower than I typed and frustrating, I would get angry and distracted by my frustration! 