Someone introduced me to delayed text messages and it has blown my mind! So I never really knew that you could delay text messages or maybe I did and never realized the usefulness.

Are you like me and you set reminders on your calendar and you ignore them or it just takes to long to set the reminder? Boom. Send your self a delayed text message at the time you want to be reminded with a note!

Really late at night and an old friend pops in your head or remember something that you want to tell someone and it's to late to text? Boom. Set a delayed text for the next day!

Get to busy or side tracked during the day to remember to see how your SO is doing with there day? Boom. Set up a delayed text message to go out in the morning asking them how they are doing today!

My wife even uses it to help me remember stuff. We will be driving some where or my phone will be out of reach and she will set up a message to remind me later.

I send reminders to people I work with to make sure task are complete.

I am sure allot of people know about this but I hope even one person finds it as useful as I have!
 Very cool hadn't thought of that either!! :) I use that a lot for dogsitting! Great for when people want me to confirm meals + meds and I know I'll remember to feed and medicate the dogs but forget to text the owner. Also great for freaking out friends who know I'm a night owl by texting them at 8am lol. SMS Scheduler is a free, open-source Android scheduler that works with any app that uses the standard Android SMS API.

IT'S AWESOME! > Are you like me and you set reminders on your calendar and you ignore them or it just takes to long to set the reminder? Boom. Send your self a delayed text message at the time you want to be reminded with a note!

But writing them is basically the same thing as setting a reminder and reading them is the same as not ignoring a reminder. YOUR A GOOOOOOOOOOD!!!!!! How do I try this?? Holy shit this is a good idea. I dunno if Google Assistant can do that with Android Messages. I could probably get it just to remind me though. Haha that's great thinking! I write them then find them 3 days after I was supposed to do the task. 

For the life of me I can not keep up with a list. I even have a pocket day planner for work and will sit down in the morning and write a to-do list and never look at it again it seems until the next day. What model and brand phone do you have? I use Evernote for everything, it sends me notifications that look like text messages, I do not have to open the app to see them. Calendar notifications look the same though, also sound and look like getting a message.

&#x200B;

I mostly use this to declutter my brain, I often, like you, think of stuff before it has to be done, I just set up Evernote to remind me when I got to be reminded of it, like one day before an appointment, or the first work hour, etc

&#x200B;

The only thing I don't like about it is: Oh, I got a message :D Let's see. Meh. It's Evernote, reminding me of this and that. But that effect is the point, right? IPhone 6s Plus 