Dad of ADHD kid with a few questions. probably a vent and probably too much text TL/DR: 8 year old violent when off meds. Any Advice?

My amazing and wonderful son is 8 years old with severe ADHD. He is on ADHD medicines but the period in the morning before he takes his medicine and in the evening where it wears off can be very rough. Plus, the fact that I haven't taken my meds for the day doesn't help either. 

We parent from where we are in the moment, so many times

An example:

He was consequenced for behavior last night (hitting and sassy mouth), losing any Audio/Visual device access this morning. We are only very strict as regards physical acting out and stealing, by the way. We think the stealing is an impulse control issue and our consequence, if it happens again (Donating one of his favorite toys to where ever he stole from and apologizing) seems to have headed that one off.

But this AM, he physically assaulted me so bad for enforcing the "no device" from the previous evening. If he was a teenager/grown man I would have been calling the hospital and not my wife from the other room, for help.

I know that his illness contributes (or is 100% responsible) for this behavior, but it cannot continue. The third grade doesn't put up with as much BS as his mom and me, let alone the second grade...

My childhood was physically and emotionally abusive, so it triggers huge PTSD in me. We will not hit in our house (and I'd love to say we don't yell but...) I am pretty confident that I have undiagnosed ADHD of some form, and even more comfortable saying my wife has the same.

At the end of the day, he is an amazing kid-- bright, vivacious, precocious with an amazing (if possibly TOO adult) sense of humor. (For example, he has taken to "hiding", jumping out and yelling Surprise, Motherfucker!)

Even more, I love him with every single fiber of my being. 

He is a light that has helped show me places in my darkness I didn't know I had... 

You can read my other posts in the Multiple Sclerosis forum and elsewhere if you'd rather read my personal challenges. Though the accusations of trolling in the Pagan groups were a misunderstanding, so just ignore that, ok?

But, I cannot take being kicked in the balls anymore. I don't want to be scratched or bit anymore. I am OK with being called a motherfucker, a fucker and an asshole which is probably not OK, but we pick and choose our battles.

FFS, my wife is an MSW whose current role is supporting teens with ADHD, and low level Autism acclimate to college/life outside their home... and we're still at a loss. 

I love how many, of what I think through the lens of internet anonymity are teenagers, are in this subreddit. Did you experience things like this? What was done with you that helped ? Any parents out there? What are your strategies?

Someday's I feel like [Ned Flander's parents](https://youtu.be/lkKwyjsJGxk)\--- except we've tried so many things. Though we are freaky hippies who hate rules... but still....

When he asks me what he should be when he grows up, I always answer "Happy". 

Please, if you can, help me make this part of his life happy, too. My son (almost 7 now) sounds very similar to yours. We saw a massive improvement in the violence and agression after he had several weeks of anger Management with his school counselor... Which we have since transitioned into peer relationships and other kinds of social awarenesses...  Sometimes a little behavior therapy can go a really long way.

Medication is tricky for us, as we see massive improvement in impuslivity and executive functioning with it, and but it causes such awful insomnia... We're still working with our pediatrician to find a solution, as melatonin doesn't seem to be helping anymore. 

There's a theory of instant feedback, covered din a *How to ADHD* video that could be really helpful for you... I'll find it and edited this comment to share it with you. 

Edited: here's that video, it's about how kids with ADHD need an external *positive* feedback to be motivated into actions... I think it can be really useful parenting technique, and you can customize it to your family. 

https://youtu.be/R634ytgt7fw  Maybe talk to your psych/doctor about changing his dosage? Also is he in any behavior therapy at all? Medication is great for both adults and kids, but it's really important to combine it with behavior therapy in children to increase success.  Excuse me if this in the text (as an ADHD’er myself, I tend to read over things, haha), how long has he had these meds? I’ve had something like that too, when my meds are wearing off, I used to get really pissed easily and basically verbally ‘aggressive’ and wouldn’t listen to my mom. I was 15 then, so. For me, it was only a thing the first 4 months I had those meds and it wore off after that, the agressiveness.  Are you all in counseling?  I understand that your wife is an MSW, but it still seems like a good idea.

Does your son act out like this in school?

 [deleted] Have you talked to your child’s psychiatrist about a possible ODD/CD diagnosis?  If the issues are only during his unmedicated times why not take him to a doctor to shuffle over to something that stays on all the time like Steattera? 

Edit:

Also the violence isn't ADHD. Something else is going on there. Comorbid ODD, something. [deleted] About 2+ years, so I don't think it's that but I'll ask Yes, my wife and I both have individual therapists (and while I live in the Bay Area, I am an ex-NYer who is also Jewish. Been in Therapy since I was 10). Wife and I also see a couples therapist where child raising comes up all the time. We've tried to find him a counselor without success so far. In school, he has other ways of acting out but AFAIK it doesn't become physical He has difficulty with structure like that.  Treating aggression with aggression?  Not a good choice. It's called rebounding, typically indicates that the dose is wrong. Talk to the pediatrician about it asap. If the pediatrician doesn't know about rebounding effects, then educate him on it.  [deleted] Good for you if that worked.

I'm a teacher.  I was also subjected to slaps and verbal assault growing up, and it only added to my anger.  I've seen kids who had ADHD/learning disabilities/behavior problems who were whipped, and it only serves to make them more lost, afraid, and angry.  One of them is now in prison for homicide.

Spanking basically says, "I've lost all hope of reasoning with you.  Now I'll take out my frustrations on you."

I don't feel like continuing a discussion on corporal punishment on children with disabilities, so have a good day. And others do. By group averages this is a poor bet. Yeah, glad that comment was deleted before I saw. But I don't believe in corporal punishment for any child, special needs or not 