“I’ll remember” is the ADHD demon talking. You won’t remember. Write it down.  Thank you for the advice! I will remember it. This af

I saw a dude post advice on here once upon a time: text yourself.   


Dude's a genius. I will constantly dump my laundry out on the bed, intending it to be 'well you have to remember to do it unless you don't want to sleep'

come bed time

why is my laundry on the bed This would always screw up my studying..."I'll remember this random fact, it's obvious". I challenged myself ten minutes later, and found that I had indeed forgotten. Must study HARDER! Been carrying a field notes notebook for a few years... 

It goes from "I'll remember." To "I'll remember to write that down." My dad used to say, "If you don't write it down, it's a wish." This is also a great tactic for when you're trying to focus on a task, and get distracted by a thought. Write it down on a sticky note and place it in a visible location, so you can get to it once you take a break. 

This way, you can re-focus your attention on what's in front of you and feel satisfied that your extremely important and pressing thought won't just slip away into the abyss. It's a really small thing, but very helpful. I always forget to read my to do list Ok dont all go buy this. Dont do it! 

But senstone is in beta kickstarter mode and its a dictation-to-text wearable voice memo recorder. 

I didn't buy it. Because wait for the commercial release. I mean it you guys :) The day my doc diagnosed me, this was her parting advice to me. “Now that you know, you can never say ‘I’ll remember’ again. It just sets you up for feeling miserable. Write it down”.

I was so thankful for that! The ADHD demon also likes to say "I'll do it later."  About the stupidest thing I ever do is to move something from where I know I can find it to a place that I tell myself is "more logical". Sure as shit, the next time I go to look for it I won't be able to find it, and I'll be so pissed at myself. Never listen to that voice! My body, car, laptop all covered in post its :/ Anyone else not write stuff down out of fear of getting distracted and missing more?

I struggle with this at work constantly.

When I’m getting verbal feedback - there’s a constant internal battle between knowing I need to write something I just heard down vs the fear of stopping listening so I don’t miss something else. I often get distracted mid conversation by that exact thought. Me thinking: “That’s a great idea, I’ll write it down!”

Me 5min later: “What did I want to write down again?” *Thinking that the same things will carry the same significance in my brain from moment to moment*  
  
LOL Realising this has entirely changed my life tbh.  That is one of the best things I learned. Even though I’ve been on vyvanse for a few years, I got in the habit of taking voluminous notes at work and go through a couple of books a year. The advantage is that things don’t fall through the cracks anymore and I have names and dates for everything. And if I may piggyback onto this post: keep a pen and notepad near to write any “pop-ups” (reminders/thoughts that randomly come to mind that you want to remember), and then sort through it in the evening. And you’ll remember every time you go to write something down. Can attest! I have become quite efficient at my job by keeping important tasks on my desktop and writing other tasks down on post it notes. Can’t escape my brain that way. Lol  I use a simple reminder APP on mobile. Needs to be as simple as "open -> write -> select time to beep -> done".

Anyways, great advice. As one of the books I read said, don’t “just remember” to do things, set/make yourself a reminder. My white board is literally my best friend! Every night before I go to bed I write down all the little things I need to do the next day because I would zero percent recall them the next day. Except when you do and can't not keep remembering it for a week. Burned so many times.... Too true Say it out loud 5 or 10 times if you can’t, I find that that really helps me I Siri “set a reminder to do [X] at [time I’ll be in a good spot to do X]”

But you reminded me to put a medical reciept away. Thanks. Well ain't that the truth!  Oh heck yea. When my wife starts telling me a list I have hear write it all down. 


ALSO! I finally have a doc appt in two weeks for testing! I tell my daughter. Thank goodness she's very responsible! Went to the store this evening for three things. Husband asked me multiple times as I was putting my shoes on if I'd remember them all.

"Yes, I'll be fine, gosh!"

"Nah...I'll just text you the list."

My life. 😒 But also "I must write down every little thing ever" is equally troublesome. Took me a while to break out of that one.  I set calendar reminders on my phone all the time. Helps keep me organized. I keep putting my next dose in my pocket before breakfast in an attempt to remember it on-time. And to avoid having to go all the way back down to my bedroom where I keep it (passing a hundred distractions along the way).

Oh, "I'll remember."

But of course, I go up to make food and get a drink, pill in pocket, and the absolute *urgency* of laundry (/s) suddenly dawns on me. Back downstairs I go. 

I gather all my dirty clothes and put in the washer, and as I am standing there, decide my entire current outfit is due for a wash. I tear it off and toss it in. Return to room to get dressed again. Back up the steps.

Eat breakfast, have tea, look at phone, clean the kitchen... hours pass. 

###SHIT. 


I broke landspeed records running toward a washer containing the paints, which contain the pockets, which contain the pill I was so sure I would remember to take. 

Not sure what part of me though it would survive a full wash. It didn't.

Oh, but "I'll remember."



(edit): a word This sounds like a bad tattoo idea i’m willing to take on Isn’t this *literally* the same text post that’s been going around on Tumblr this year?  
  
EDIT// [Yep](https://angelofgrace96.tumblr.com/post/171857764130/ill-remember-is-the-adhd-demon-talking-you). Also"eventually" is an ADHD word, try not to use it I learned a long time ago DO NOT TRUST MEMORY.  DO NOT.  MEMORY YOU SUCK.  I've trained myself to write down everything.  Yes, it's weird carrying around a small 5x5 inch notebook and 8 x 10 planner and several ink pens.  

Writing EVERYTHING down, even minor shit-has saved my ass.  I've gotten better at remembering things, but I still write stuff down in my planner. I don't think I've ever remembered something after telling myself to. For years I've always told myself, "I'll remember." My girlfriend will roll over in the morning and give me a little reminder "Don't forget to pack the pizza in the fridge for lunch.", "Don't forget to e-transfer me rent!".  

I'll leave the apartment; backpack and steel toes on, feeling ready for work. When I finally get to the bus stop down the street, I'll remember only what I'd forgotten to bring with me.   My hard hat is on the kitchen table, my pizza is still in the fridge, some kind of small hand tool I need at work will be sitting somewhere else. I frequently have to run back home, collect my important belongings, and dart back to the bus stop. The bus always leaves before I can get back to it.  By the time I'm close to work, I'll be having a mild panic attack with only minutes to spare before my day starts. 

I'm now entering the process of ADHD diagnosis with my doctor, in the future I'll probably visit a psychologist or psychiatrist . Today is day 2/30 of taking my first month of a sixteen hour slow release methylphenidate prescription. I'm really hoping for some improvements and proactivity. Shutting out that little demon gently whispering, "I'll remember", may be a good start. There's this iOS app called Dear Future Self. You can text yourself at a scheduled time in the future to remind yourself of stuff. Comes in handy sometimes.  Write it down 😂 And if you need to a remember where you put something, take a picture of it.  Every time I grocery shop for anyone I always tell them to text me exactly what they want. Because I WILL forget and I'll feel horrible.  I take out my phone to make notes for **everything.** I do not trust my short term memory. I do this constantly, and also set up reminders in my phone calendar with like 5 notifications for the same day. I have myself as a contact "me"  I've done this so many times. proceeds to bear-hug entire pile of laundry, then, with one swoop, flump it onto *the chair*.

(we all have *the chair*)

I'll remember... tomorrow. The best times are when my husband's out of town and I can leave the pile on his side of the bed until he comes back.

Edit: un-autocorrect Bhaaahaa me. Sigh. 

Then then one time my partner did it and i almost started a fight at bedtime before i remembered (ok they reminded me) that i had said it was a way for me to remember to put the laundry away. 

Bhaaahhaa. Sigh.  Sticky notes are life! I have a page in my work and my personal notebooks that is specifically for sticky notes.

Like you said, it's a way to get the thought out of my head, but not need to use the mental energy to figure out the best place for the note to go. Through routine, I now am fairly consistent on transferring my postie notes to their rightful place in my notebooks!  You're evil. Lol I use Google Assistant. You can just tell it "remind me to X in ten minutes". Or do location-based: "Remind me to check the mail when I get home". Great. Now you have stimulant laced clothing Never read it. Then you randomly scroll through your camera roll a few days later and see that thing you took a picture of but can’t remember why.., If I need to remember the price/color/size/shape of an item in the store (or at home) take a pic of that too! Can’t remember how much you need to budget for groceries? You’ve got the prices on your phone! Or save your receipts, but those get lost easily I take pictures of where I park my car if its someplace unfamiliar or large. Lifesaver. this is why I have a digital camera attached to me where ever I go.  Makes me feel less crazy when trying to explain something to other people. my chair is too dirty for my laundry.  I have to put the clean clothes pile on top of the dirty clothes pile. Yes! I definitely do this.  
  
Also sometimes my 'bed pile' of stuff becomes a floor pile at night, then a bed pile again in the day, until I eventually get sick of moving it so I have to put things away.  You know, I am actually a really shitty partner when it comes to housework.   
   
I struggle with housework *so* much, but I get really angry when I have a boyfriend who doesn't notice when housework needs doing / always needs me to tell him what needs doing and when.  
  
It seems like a stupid double standard, but I think it's because I get totally overwhelmed by the fact that not only have I got my own internal struggle to remember to do it, motivate myself to do it, and then actually do it properly - but now I also have to project manage someone *else* doing it too.   
  
I always feel like 'I find it hard enough to motivate myself, I can't motivate you as well!' :( Lol i know right bhaaahaa....  Do you find keeping GPS on all the time drains the battery faster?  Or get distracted by all your other pics and forgot why you started looking at them in the first place, wasting 20 min. Then go back to doing something else and 15 minutes later remember why you started looking at your pics. Go look at pics... Wash, rinse, repeat about 5 times, lol!  Thank Jebus for Google Keep...take a pic, write some notes, set when to remind me. All on the same app screen. That sounds so draining :( im thinking of doing a "work day" kind of thing once a week? Damn that this stuff takes so much energy tho.  A little, but it's worth it MY LIFE. 