Being so bored you're wondering what the point of life is only to realise 3 hours later that you now know Braille ⠓⠑⠇⠏   ⠍⠑ That's how I learned how to read some basic Mandarin. I got the 20 most common characters down pat, was working on learning the 100 and 1000 most common before I lost interest or life got in the way. Should get back on that I suppose.  you're doing better than me and I'm blind. :D Is Braille... the point of life? Got down a very basic understanding of Russian, and the cyrillic alphabet this way as well. I can identify most types of succulents by sight. Filled a whole notebook.  Even drew pictures.  I've learned Morse code this way. And that... was how I ended up learning words of an Indian language, pieces of gaelic, snd the Russian alphabet, in high school. Mostly forgotten now tho except rhe odd bit of Russian. Adderall? Lol Once I read a post about tigers having a 3rd eye and I was really curious. I know it sounds idiotic, and I didn’t really believe it but they made it sound kind of convincing enough just for me to be curious. Anyways long story short I ended up reading I believe 50-100 facts about tigers. Like I know that a tiger’s urine smells like buttered popcorn. (Gross, Right?) This was me in school.  I was supposed to be doing something else and all of a sudden I know the alphabet in sign language.  Still remember it to this day. Wait, really? How do blind people read on reddit and post comments?  Depends on what they mean by blind. Legally blind and "everything is black" aren't the same. Some people are so nearsighted that they're legally blind but may be able to reddit close up. Some people may have holes in their vision that make themes ally blind even through they can kind of get by and Reddit. Some people have software that translates text to speech and vise versa. There's a whole lot of nuance. What I want to know is, if OP is blind and uses a speech to text software, how he got that emoji in. Do you have to say "colon Capitol d" or can you program it to type :D when you say "laugh emoji"? an app that reads the screen :). Audio captions. There’s a setting on IPhones for blind people. It reads things out loud for the user. I’m not sure exactly how you do it, but I tried it once (I’m not in any way blind) because I thought it was a great idea and it works pretty well.  Hah I personally have trouble staying focused more than a minute or so, I use the TTS option on the iPhone and listen to texts in 1.5x or so. While trying to read out caption on Instagram posts, which sometimes tend to go really long, reads out the emoji quite literally like teary eyed face, light skinned smiley face etc., now it makes sense  It's the text to speech option on Accessibility, I believe. I use that although the gesture is a bit tricky on XS.  Interesting. Good to know. I'm gonna test that out. I think faster than I can type and love TTS for that reason and because the autocorrects are amusing. 

Side note: listening to audiobooks and podcasts on 2x-3x speed changed my life!  It's not perfect, but I consume more written content that I'd have ever read.

Totally love audibooks on 2x. I "read" more books in one year than I have ever all my life and when I reflect back, I realize I did implement a lot of ideas from the non-fiction I've "read". 