Closed captions / subtitles and ADHD - how to manage in real life? I pretty much always need captions to follow along with what’s going on during a movie or a show. 

For one, I’m terrible at reading lips; and the volume variation throughout a movie or a show causes me to often miss the context. 

Also, the text quickly changing on the screen is more fun to follow along with the speech is more fun than solely trying to focus on what’s being said. 

Never really thought it was ADHD, just thought it was a personal preference, but am now wondering if any of you guys can relate. 

If it really an ADHD feature, how have you been managing this in real life? For example, in conversations and in lectures.  Yes. I enjoy shows and movies a lot more with CC on.

In conversation, I’ve gotten pretty good at hmm-ing and letting my facial expressions reflect the speaker’s tone when I miss the content.

In lectures or meetings, I take notes. My hand follows better than my mind. I used to fall asleep even when I had no reason to be tired.

This was also not something that I’d thought of as a symptom when I sought an ADHD diagnosis (I thought my issues were all task oriented - prioritizing, motivation, etc). But it turned out I tested really poorly on verbal attention/ concentration.  For me if there’s subtitles it’s all I’ll focus on and I’ll still listen and if something is annotated in a weird way I’ll think of a better way to do it. Ofc I can never actually focus on the show or movie.  Subtitles are everything. Descriptive audio is my kryptonite. 

I sit close to speaker, and avoid big meetings where possible. Taking notes helps sometimes. I prefer places with limited background noise. Bars, places with lots of kids and open offices aren’t ideal unless you like getting tired and irritable. I’m a beast after meeting-filled days, children’s birthday parties, bars and amusement parks. Email and texting are a lot easier than talking on the phone, and everything is better than FaceTime or conference calls. OH MY GOD I thought it was just me! If I'm watching something without CC I get twitchy. I have to focus so much harder on the sounds. I thought it was just a holdover from learning English as a kid but I vaguely remember reading something about auditory-voice processing issues and ADHD or something like that. 

If everyone could talk slower and enunciate, that'd be great... /Office Space I watch nearly everything with CC that's not live (e.g. streams). I think this also explains why I have absolutely no trouble with watching things in another language, provided there's a sub available. A lot of my favourite shows are Korean & Japanese and I do watch a bit of Dutch/Flemish stuff too. To me, things tend to sound right in their original language, and it takes a lot for a dub to overtake the original form. My family finds this trait weird, and if they watch anything originally in a different language (like The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, for example) it has to be dubbed out for them.

&#x200B;

I think it's not only an ADHD thing for me though, it's also a half-deaf thing. Due to the fact that I can't hear what people are saying half the time, CC gives me full context where pure verbal communication wouldn't. People tend to have to speak confidently and clearly to me in order for me to hear properly. Explains why most people I spend time with come across as loud to others. I’m like this too!! Idk if it’s an ADHD feature but I have it so it could be. Thought I was alone! cx I swear this is becoming a thing thats not ADHD related, seems like I am hearing and seeing more and more and more people from all areas using CC when watching stuff.   Wow I also do this! My older ADHD brother always had to have subtitles on, so I always watched movies/TV shows with subtitles. I never really thought of them as important for me, until this one time we couldn't get subtitles and it was really difficult for me to understand what was going on in the show and it was annoying.

I don't have much of an issue with lectures since my lecturer's are quite clear and we also have slides and notes to follow. In conversations, I have no idea how to actually manage. With my family, I'll just ask them to repeat; with friends I might ask once then I'll just nod my head and look really intent or just laugh, without knowing what's going on.  My hearing is bad on top of the ADD, so captions are pretty much a must. If they aren’t available, say, at a movie, I can get by on context. 

In conversation I have to kind of crane my head pointing my left ear at the speaker. But god forbid they have an accent. I was in Dublin last month, and I had to talk to a cabbie on the phone. I have absolutely no earthly idea what the guy said. I understood perfectly in person, but over the phone? I could have agreed to help him move.  I always have subtitles on, but I think it's more of a HOH thing than an ADHD thing.  According to Wikipedia, ADHD has a high rate of co-occurrence with auditory processing disorders. So it could be the ADHD, or it could be an APD. I honestly would suggest just trying to watch more thingse without subtitles, maybe playing online games with friends so all you've got is their voice in your ears. It's a lot harder to understand them at first but over time it shouldn't be too hard.  [deleted] I thought I was alone in this. Completely relate to everything  100% all of this!!  Dubbing is the worst! I can’t cope with the audio not synching to the lip movements - it makes it much more difficult for me to follow. 

I also use closed captions to watch English language shows all the time and I am disappointed if there aren’t any. I watch a lot of Scandinavian shows with CC. Only downside of this is I can’t fiddle with my phone if they are speaking to quickly. Yeah, they really do, and trying that phony-baloney shit just makes them feel disrespected. It's better to just ask them to repeat themselves; they'll at least know that you care. And what should I do if I ask them to repeat themselves and I still don’t get it over and over again? This happens all the time to me. People don’t realize I need them to slow their words down or speak louder and no matter what I say to that effect they get mad at me. XD I usually just end up like shrugging my shoulders and walking away hoping they’ll forget about it xD  I suppose it depends on who you’re talking to. I find that a lot of people get pissed off if you say, “Sorry, I missed that last bit,” but tell you you’re a great listener if you smile and nod. 