Questions about Mindfulness and cognitive therapy. Bonus question about reading strategies! Hi there.

I have 3 questions here, which are related to strategies I'm looking for in order to solve some of my persistent problems. I'll describe my problems for you, and then my hope is that some of you have experience in these topics and can give a word of advice.

I'm currently working on my master thesis and I'm having some problems that I've always had, but that has become really obvious lately.

Firstly:I suck at reading. I'm slow. I often quickly forget what I've read. I'm bad at keeping focus om the text because of external factors \(sounds, other people, etc.\), but more than that, I'm very prone to "zoning out", where my thoughts will, more of less unconsciously, trail off. Often I read things I'm interested in, but I can't recall them.

This is a problem when I read, but also a problem when I do other types of cognitive demanding \(even low effort\) work. I'm easily distracted by the environment, but even more, I'm distracted by my own inner thoughts/dialog/whatever. I'm having difficulties working out problems in my head because I get distracted. This is a problem for me, because this is mostly what I do at work, and I do it a lot in my studies also.

I've been medicated but I don't really feel like the medicine helps with these issues, unfortunately. Therefore I've stopped taking the medicine.

After trying medication for a year or so, I returned to the good ol' "I just got to try harder/ find different methods" strategy.

I know I'm not likely to succeed in this strategy by myself, so I've decided to try other options. What have come to mind for me is, cognitive therapy, mindfulness, or to try other types of medication.

This leads me to my questions.

1. What kind of reading strategies that you have successfully implemented would you suggest for me? I'm already going to libraries and reading halls \(is that a term?\) to minimize the external noise/ get away from home distractions. This helps me, but I still do poorly.
2. Do you have any experience with mindfulness, if so, how can it help me and my problem? Also, how does one get started on mindfulness in such a case?
3. Likewise, do you have any experience with cognitive therapy, if so, how can this be helpful for me?

I don't know much about either cognitive therapy or mindfulness, but I'm open to trying new things. If you have other suggestions for me, please let me know. The medicine I've been taking is Ritalin, or other types of methylphenidate, but I've not had the positive effect I'd hope for. The only situation I've found some positive effect from it, is when I do programming \(oddly enough\). When I read, or do other types of cognitive demanding work, I don't feel the effect. External stimuli is just as bad. I just get, sweaty, slightly agitated, and less vocal or inclined to talk.

I'm looking forward to your replies!

EDIT: Almost forgot! I'm diagnosed with Add. I feel that the test was somewhat poor, since it was just me answering some questions in a questionnaire and then asses my self on a scale from 0 to 10 or something. I feel like a real diagnosis should have something more to it, but that's another story for another time. A psychiatrist has diagnosed me with Add, so that's that for now.  Well, part of it's about talking with your dr about past experiences. So everything about the situation surrounding your diagnosis was part of it.

*Anywho*, I've always been pretty damn good at reading and retention of the knowledge gained from it in general myself. But those times when I've read the same paragraph 15 times on a bad day I've had to make a couple strategies to cope.

One is tracing your finger or a pencil to help direct your attention to the words. Sometimes music helps. And just sitting back and breathing for a few moments to rest my mind and eyes can help redirect myself.

Also for retention, paraphrase important items to myself to help it stick a bit better.

A pencil to fidget with in my hand to take up some of my excess as I read. The Mindful Awareness Research Center at UCLA offers free guided meditation podcasts: http://marc.ucla.edu/. The 5 minute breathing one is perfect when I get overwhelmed and feel incapable of productivity.

Something I love about mindfulness is it teaches you how to deal with intrusive thoughts. Like when have no idea what you just read because you were thinking of something else. Practicing mindfulness involves acknowledging the random thoughts, and practicing the transition back to the task at hand.

I have a TON more resources that I haven't tried yet, but can share them here if you're interested. Thanks for the suggestions. I already do those things when I read on paper. I'm usually reading pdfs on my computer though. It actually help me too read out loud (softly), but that's a bit too weird if other people are around.

Music is counter productive for me. My attention will go to the lyrics if there's any. If I'm listening to instrumental music, my attention will go to the melodies etc. Anyhow, thanks for your suggestions. I'll try the fidget thing. Hi Couscous. Please do share those resources! :\) Intrusive thoughts and inability to focus on things I deeply want to focus on is something i struggle with a lot. I was listening to Sam Harris talking about mindfulness and I came to think if it could be beneficial to get into for me.  
I'll get going with the podcast you sent me. Thanks! Can you elaborate on how mindfulness is helping you to get more focus? Yes! Please share. I practice daily, and have for almost 3 months but more than half the days it seems pointless as I spend more time 'noting' my thoughts\- or completely forgetting I was even meditating in the first place on the bad days.  Sounds tough honestly. I'm also a bit hesitant to start on this, because even though there might definitely be some benefits from meditation, I'm interesting in getting more knowledge about how exactly it might help. This is namely because it seems like quite a big commitment. The benefits should weigh out the effort at some point, otherwise I might just do something else. What's your overall impression on it so far, if you don't mind elaborating? On the good stretches it's life changing. So far though, they're short.  