Does multicolored and giant obnoxious font help anyone with ADHD? I'll explain in the text. A lot of teachers who specialize in ADHD like to constantly use a plethora of colors to separate the text. Also, giant fonts can help those to gather information they need to see.

I get the reasoning behind this, but here's the problem for me. I'm so distracted by the change in font and color, that I have a hard time focusing on the rest. For me, it's counterintuitive. 

Thoughts? I've always been that way. Back in school, I was always told to plan using brainstorming, with lots of different colours to separate ideas, and all I could think is why? That seems like a much less efficient use of my time. Instead of getting on with what I'm doing, I'll spend 5 minutes thinking which colour accurately portrays the subject in this particular section, before finding myself doodling in the margins.

I've never had a problem just writing a list, in no exact order. I have my own system, within something that looks chaotic. But it works, and doesn't need pointless, bright colours all over the page, distracting me. I don't find it helpful at all. Nice organization of text (and some colors), but not child-like obnoxious colors and fonts like I'm 2, please. I actually find the layout of this subreddit to be very aggravating and I wished that I could come here and actually feel calm. I wish this subreddit's layout was a lot more plain, and I'd contribute more as a result.

A bit of a mini rant, but I believe that this subreddit seems to cater to people with only extreme cases of ADHD, and not to people who might have milder ADHD, or who are the fence about their ADHD diagnosis. I think these cases are particularly problematic because ADHD is more insidious in these people's lives, so they're more likely to attribute problems that ADHD is exasperating to personal failure. I think that these people need the most help because their problems aren't the most obvious, which can lead to them to not being properly diagnosed.

tl;dr The layout of this subreddit might be offputting to people who are on the fence about getting ADHD diagnoseses, because of it's somewhat obnoxious layout. That sounds like it would be distracting to most people with ADHD, but maybe I'm wrong.  I know it would be for me.  The text that I have the easiest time reading is just in a simple, sharp font. I would agree that "giant multicolored text" sounds awful, I can't read message board posts in 24pt comic sans, but I realized that green and white shaded rows of text, might be called "accountant's style" or something for spreadsheets, might make a lot of sense, as I have recently been having trouble keeping my place on line-wraps in reddit. Not sure how much this helps you, but most browsers can replace style sheets with your own ones.There is also Reditr (sic) whose organization helps me reddit efficiently, although I must say that reddit and ADHD are a deadly combination to begin with.  Haha yeah I forgot that I had that option. Thanks for the reminder. 