Most of the posts on this sub are way too long for me to read Am I the only one who opens new tabs all of these posts, excited to read them all and then close the tab after reading maybe half of the post? Its really frustrating to look back upon. 

E: a word That's why I write in short paragraphs. Maybe a sentence or two.

I try to keep in mind that this is an ADHD sub-reddit! I want to make it scannable.

Maybe that should be our "house style"? Darn that impulse control and rambling thoughts and forgetting what the point is so you just keep talking until you figure out what your point was..... I usually read the TLDR first and if its interesting then I try to convince myself to finish the rest of it. Haha I’m on the same boat. It’s literally the dichotomy of R/ADHD.  It's pretty common, I honestly came to the comments expecting a page and half rant about posts that are too long.  Read what you can, sometimes people are just looking to vent and it helps to just write it out.  It's also common for people with ADHD to ramble a bit so most posts could benefit a lot from proof-reading. It’s the curse. We are wordy and type whatever comes to mind in a giant ramble, but there’s no way in hell we can read a giant ramble without zoning out.  I try to space things out like bullet points.  

Still end up writing books sometimes.  Same with everyone on here always recommending YouTube videos like “how to ADHD” ...I can only watch like 30seconds- 1 min of them 
One day I’ll finish a video and understand why everyone recommends watching them  We should require TLDRs at the top! Haha that’s why I have a billion threads saved, but I’ve never gone back to look at them:)

I know a lot of us ramble when we write because in our heads it seems short and straight to the point. But as soon as we put it in writing it end up being a full on essay.

Dividing up into paragraphs definitely help though, when people write like a 4 page post it takes twice the time to read because every time I get distracted I loose where I was and hav to find it again.

The funniest are the posts that start being about one thing and is about something totally unrelated at the end!:) On the bright side I noticed a lot of us do post TL;DRs I am stuck between writing loooong texts but never having the focus to read any of them until the end. Feel like I’m taking crazy pills here lol  *reads title*

*updoots* I write long stuff but I space it out in paragraphs so it’s easier to digest.  Usually you can get an understanding of what someone is saying in the first couple sentences of a paragraph. Skim through, if you need more clarification or you have gained interest then read more. Yes I have the same problem. Many of the responses to my posts are very long. I always say I will finish later.  Totally unrelated, but I can't watch a movie unless it's in a movie theater and I have to make sure I keep my phone put away Lmao the irony of ADHD. We can ramble for days but then we don't wanna read someone else's. xD

This is why frequent breaking of the lines and also tl;dr's at the end or beginning work really well. yeah I only read the headline on this one too Such a curse actually, I'll ramble all day but reading someone else rambling is almost impossible. yeah, that’s a problem for me, too. for me, it’s mostly because it’s a LOT of text, and the OP didn’t bother to put it in paragraphs. 

like, i’m much MUCH more likely to read something if it’s broken into short sections like what i’m doing here. 

IDK, man. it’s much easier to read and way more scannable.  ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯  My hyperfocus has me always writing essays for every comment.  Limiting this to two sentences was intentional before I even began writing, and it's driving me crazy already lol. I don't find it easy reading a wall of text. I do try. But sometimes it is too much.

I spend inordinate amount of time editing everything I write. That one scene in *A River Runs Through It* sticks with me.

The dad teaching his kid to write better by making him cut whatever he wrote in half, and then cutting that in half.

(I just had to do that with this comment lol) Not at all. I tend to take it a step further and bookmark the website before closing the tab. It almost never works. I also can't read long paragraphs...but I can't help writing them. I have a billion words in my head that all need to come out Right Now. Sorry dude, my bad. Jokes on you I usually don't open them up I just read the title. Sorry, I should be more supportive. Then again, I bet no ones made it this far in the comments ;) Teal Dear all the things.  Even with ADD you CAN force yourself to slow down and read something if you really want to. It is difficult, I know...but it is a matter of intention and priorities. LOL same I hear ya, especially if it is someone being a whiner about how hard their life is.   SO SAME!!!

but at the same time, I also write super long posts lol  I don’t even wanna know how many tweets I slip past since they went to 280chrs Love react Constantly this. And then I think a few minutes later, what was that link again? I kind of want to read that Hyper-focus meet inattention...inattention meet...what was your name again? Yup this is exactly me  Whenever I see a huge post here I'm always like "damn, somebody took their salt combo today" I'm guilty on both sides. Not being able to read the longer posts and not limiting my writing when I post. :/ I can barely read a paragraph in a business email without missing the main point. I kind of understand this, but at the same time, I tend to be pretty verbose... and that's not even on meds, sometimes I go on and on about stuff, bringing up topics that are related only to me and no one else. I tend to open a post then close it when I see how long it is. Then I realize I actually did want to read it and open it again. I agree! It looks like they usually have something interesting and insightful to say, but then brain sees the wall of text and is like...."Nope nope nope! We can't do that right now. Bye" Bullet points. Meat and potatoes, no fluff. i do this too :c you arent alone  Amen. Word. I can barely summon the focus to respond in a length and format approximating this one.  That’s the trouble with this sub- we all have these complex issues and situations that could be helpful to others but as a population, we typically struggle to get through the long posts!! When it gets late or I have a lot of distractions, I have trouble reading some of the posts. My posts here tend to be long! I think I have a hard time providing the main points. I just throw in too much information.

But I like to space things out as best as I can. So my large posts can be read in small stints.

Though... I can still end up creating those small bits into bigger paragraphs... yeah :/  
I'll read like 3 sentences and I'm gone  
 Can someone TLDR this? Couldn't read all the way through. Yeah I always try to add a TL:DR to my comments and posts to make it less... exhausting to read. Heh heh.  I do this as well; except I take forever to close any of them and am left with 30+ tabs  Remember that the first D in ADHD isn't about a deficit in attention but a deficit in the ability to regulate attention. So a lack of attention also comes with hyperfocus, which is what I imagine posters are experiencing. 

Btw, who else thinks tl;dr is one of the best things ever?? Lmao. Me too. These people are stimulated off their arses lol Meta. i write in newspaper style. most important information at the top, less important information at the bottom.  That's why I either keep it short or bold a ton of stuff and make lots of paragraphs, and a TL;DR. I have no trouble reading long posts if I'm interested. I might have to go back and reread a bit if I noticed I wasn't paying attention, but it doesn't take long. If I'm not interested, that's a different story and much harder to absorb a long text Good point to bring up since I’m sure majority of us here forget we are even talking to other people with ADHD. I look at posts from time to time. Most of the time I get frustrated at some people with horrible approaches to having ADD/ADHD, or at a lot of peoples shitty attitudes. So I tend not to take part in the sub very much but when I do I can handle a medium sized paragraph or two before I move on to something else. It took me more than 5 times seeing this title while browsing before I actually clicked on it, even though I knew it would be short. So there ya go This is why I try to add a TL;DR and formatting. I am very guilty of incredibly long walls of text, but I can’t bring myself to edit after I’ve barfed it all out...

FYI I actually do read entire novel-length posts if they interest me Amen. You read half? Immediately move on as soon as I see a wall of text. I agree 100% but it’s also hard having adhd and trying to summarise ALL your ideas into something that is easily comprehensible. It’s darn had  especially when you are excited. But yes i love the boys at the end that summarise it for you!  Maybe there's a browser plug-in/extension that'll break long text up into multiple tiny paragraphs. I think making the font bigger helps too Sorry but that's too weak, it's out of your control and it is harmless text so,take strength instead: read it and grow  I don’t understand why a literal ADHD subreddit has massive essays for posts. If a post is more than a single paragraph I keep scrolling. I can’t do it.  Bulleted lists and short sentences are encouraged in the rules. I try to do that everywhere I notice I do this with my work email.

Each clause is a single sentence.

Mainly, I do it because I'm trying to be clear and have done a bunch of revisions on it.  I also love tomatoes!!  Yes I try to do this aswell but I tend to get carried away and end up writing huge paragraphs.  The House of ADHD never remembers. 

"What is long may never be read." This is great!

Does anyone have any tips for keeping the focus when reading long passages though? This is how most of my conversations go. This is how I bs long papers lol I once made a friend cry when she was peer reviewing my work. It was a 2 page essay and I used 10 sentences total.  Glad to know that's another not just me thing lol Thank God I'm not alone Literally me in every interview/telephone call when I take too much addie I normally skip OP and what they say and go straight to the comments 😂 This right here. I do that too. It's dissapointing when you click on a post and it has a long story, and there's No TLDR. I go to the comments then before I decide to read the post or leave. Dichotomy....like love/hate, hot/cold, adhd/? Tldr - what? Yep, that's how my posts would be if I were to post, haha! I browse here and write unposted replies as a way to vent, and clear out the text field after.
 ... Probably not a healthy enough way to go about it, now that I think on it. I've tried so hard to proof-read some of my long posts. It takes a LONG time, struggling against adding things rather than taking things away.  Sure we can!  It just needs to be in listicle form. 😀 > but there’s no way in hell we can read a giant ramble without zoning out.

To be fair, that's basically what I am doing when I write a giant ramble too except my hands keep typing. I couldn't tell you exactly what I wrote when I let myself type out a ramble.
 haha I get it now With short paragraphs, I assume? You can set the speed to 2x. I find that helps it keeps me more focused because I have to pay attention to understand the words. It also has the added benefit of taking half the time. Isn't that what the title is for?  Haha, yep, came to say this. Part of the cosmic joke behind ADHD--the behaviors ADHD leads to, like talking or writing a lot, impulsiveness, etc., are the very behaviors that ADHD people struggle with when others do them.

Is why ADHD people classically often can't stand each other, or at least rub each other the wrong way.

Funny stuff. 🤣 yo get the updoots[^*](https://www.reddit.com/r/tmsbmeta/) I got myself into so much trouble for that when I was in management over the years.  Sorry, I'm not sure why I replied here, I don't think my comment related to the point of the post very much... Sorry but no one here will benefit from being told this. I know I hear "advice" like this often enough in my day-to-day life. Well, I'm ADHD so obviously I didn't read the rules!  Yeah.  I’m totally guilty of this.  I feel like I’ll leave out some important bit of information so I might as well include (almost) everything.  This post also reminds me of a very long detailed story I should tell you about...... I wish absolutely everything in my life could be laid out in bullet points  Spaces.  I love blank space between paragraphs.   I did this and appreciated this when I worked in a company that had a lot of internal mail and now that I correspond with clients directly it definitely seems like the way to go. 

What you need 

Deadline

Why it benefits them

In that order, 
Proper sign off

My response times have gone way up and I have fewer informational errors. Email is just an 
exchange of information so there’s no need to fluff them. The clearest way you can communicate your need is always beat [deleted] And still get As! Man I was a paper champ in high school with minimal effort! Like we all need to read well-organized material but all of us want to ramble and include less relevant info just bc we thought of it. 

Not quite dichotomy but I can see what they’re going for.  Too long, didn't/don't read = TL;DR or I've seen TL; RL (too long, read later)

Basically, it's a very short one or two synopsis of what they said. Super short, Cliff Note version lol Ah thanks, I’ll try it! Someone else also suggested subtitles, which I tried and it’s really helpful for keeping focus.  +1 to increasing the speed and turning on subtitles. I get waaaay more info from videos that way (although still rarely get the whole thing) This is exactly what I do to watch videos!!! Finding this subreddit has been so funny for me. We should require TLDRs for the titles too! I misread what you wrote, but it's still the same thing. It's the same whether another person is behind the action, or one's self.

How often do I talk at length with friends about a topic that's important to me, then suddenly in the middle of our, I totally and completely forget what I was talking about somehow. Classic. Holy shit are you me?  My husband is inattentive, and I am hyperactive. He drives me crazy sometimes because he hyperfocuses on useless stuff and doesn't get anything done, while I'm the kind who will go to start a project and will manage to have 10 projects going at once that will all finish at the same time when I can no longer procrastinate one project by working on another. I am also impulsive and impatient to a fault, which irritates him I think. We still get along, but we are very different people.  Oh ok just give up great attitude for dealing with harmless text I feel like even NTs wouldn't read the rules. Who reads rules? Ha!  I was gonna say the same.  Kinda just did now.  I never thought to read the rules.  Good idea. Omg my adhd makes me SO bad at telling stories, I include so many details that end up being complete tangents! but people always tell me to keep going because it’s entertaining to them so 🤷‍♀️ Is squeaky cheese basically you love halloumi My notes below in blue

----------------

What you need - sometimes it helps to explain the further reasons, but need to make sure it's not too involved. 

Deadline - I sometimes put this in bold, or desperate it out as a very short sentence. 

Why it benefits them - This is really useful, but sometimes hard to come up with something concise. 

In that order, Proper sign off I wanna know, too. If I knew....I wouldn't be researching! This only worked on my...not so great teachers. The teachers who actually cared would call me out for employing that technique. Yes, I get it what you mean and I do agree with that, hehe i was only looking for the right word.😊 I think /u/stringParameter was commenting that /u/Chunkysoup666's comment was too long. subtitles are amazingly helpful for me too! 🤣 true Oh no, maybe I didn’t make myself clear. I can ready MY texts with (almost) no problem, but I can’t stand long texts from others. Sucks too, because I like to read and I appreciate a well written text a lot, but I just can’t muster the focus to go through with it.

English is not my first language, please forgive eventual mistakes! Yes. Probably. Oh ok but you're the one who is implying the alternative is to just give up. Why are you even on this sub? I said no one will benefit from what you initially commented.  There are rules? ENTP don’t do rules  Haha. Is squeaky cheese basically you love halloumi That’s awesome!!!  Maybe you’re good at being bad at telling stories.  Honestly it depends on my mood and energy level.  Sometimes (rarely) I’ve done an amazing job telling a story.  I’ve been funny even.  Other times I just make everyone uncomfortable and I want to crawl into a hole.  Like why did I even bother opening my mouth.  If I’m around people that aren’t assholes it also seems to be helpful. I had to look up Halloumi first.  I think I’ve had it and if it’s what I’m thinking of, it is similar...kind of.  Squeaky cheese is basically a shout out to cheese curds or people who know what they are and know the difference between good cheese curds and cheese curd knockoffs (basically flavorless, sad, lumps of cheese).  A really good cheese curd squeaks even after its refrigerated but they’re best fresh and room temperature.  They don’t melt when heated like most cheeses.  They’re amazing!!!  I’m from Wisconsin.  It’s one stereotype I’d have to agree with about the area.  We like cheese there and people there make some damn good cheese.  Probably some of my best memories of my dad was him having my sister and I try different cheeses when we were little.  He was always in a good mood (kinda kid like).  I miss the cheese houses around there.  Usually farmers or Amish.  So friendly.  Never uppity.  Never overpriced.   Yep! For why it benefits them sometimes it’s “why I need this” or why the deadline is there I managed to get it past college professors before dropping out. Ellifino. 🤷 I'm glad somebody got the joke. Haha, ok, I *did* interpret you correctly the first time! Well you seem slightly delusional if because you think something is unhelpful, which is a view skewed by your attitude of not even trying, that makes it universally unhelpful.  I am on this sub to help, this post though, just riled me, I know I'm being harsh, but it's just ducking words why are you scared to even try to read words?  That type of defeatist attitude destroys someone with adhd, leads to inertia, which spirals into depression.  "Oh it's too much" Of course it's ducking too much, that's the ducking game we're in, that's our challenge, our lives our defined by our choices in the face of being overwhelmed.  In light of that refusing to read some text that could very well ease your daily pain of being overwhelmed seems pretty imprudent. That's what I just thought too. I'm ESP so I already knew the rules a long time ago  I had to look up Halloumi first.  I think I’ve had it and if it’s what I’m thinking of, it is similar...kind of.  Squeaky cheese is basically a shout out to cheese curds or people who know what they are and know the difference between good cheese curds and cheese curd knockoffs (basically flavorless, sad, lumps of cheese).  A really good cheese curd squeaks even after its refrigerated but they’re best fresh and room temperature.  They don’t melt when heated like most cheeses.  They’re amazing!!!  I’m from Wisconsin.  It’s one stereotype I’d have to agree with about the area.  We like cheese there and people there make some damn good cheese.  Probably some of my best memories of my dad was him having my sister and I try different cheeses when we were little.  He was always in a good mood (kinda kid like).  I miss the cheese houses around there.  Usually farmers or Amish.  So friendly.  Never uppity.  Never overpriced.   I stopped reading when you, again, assumed my solution is to simply give up or not even try in the first place. Plus calling me delusional doesn't make me want to explain why you are not being helpful here, so. Peace. Speak for yourself, not for me. Thanks. Haha. I wish I knew rules 