Y'all- I just wholesale deleted all my voicemail and changed my outgoing message to say text or email me - this is HUGE!!! Hi 5 to me! It only took a year, but I finally did it. Voicemail is a major problem for me- I hate checking it, I get behind on it, and it all goes to hell and I look like an asshole. I've been thinking about this forever, but I've been really blocked by shame about it. Today was the day. Yay me! Anyone else had any small victories lately, or victories-in-waiting (unaccomplished tasks) weighing on their mind?

EDIT: Wow, I had no idea this would help so many people, I'm so pleased! Another thing I thought about the 'text or email' outgoing message: it puts the onus on the caller to contact you one of those alternate ways, which means they can't really bitch at you if you don't hear their message. Also check out Visual Voicemail! I believe most transcribe the recording as well. Downside most plans charge for it. :c I didn't even know how to ACCESS my voicemail. I think I hate it because of getting shamey calls about missing bills and things. Mine: “hi you’ve reached Joe, I’m not fond of voicemails so leave one at your peril. If you really want to reach me, send me a text, shoot me an email, send a smoke signal, or better yet, send a raven”

Everybody laughs and comments about it, and the only people to still leave voicemails are my dad and solicitors. My voicemail light on my phone at work has been on for more than a year straight. I never check it. I figure if it's important I probably also received an e-mail about it or someone stopped by my desk to discuss it. I get distracted while waiting through the prompts just so I can listen to them that I end up having to hang up and try to listen to the voicemail again or I have to hit a button to repeat the menu options because I can't remember which number I push for delete, which I push to listen to the message, and whatever the other fifty options are. hmmm, lol i can't remember the last time i got a voicemail that wasn't spam/scam.  My voicemail has literally been completely full for like 10 years. It's awesome, nobody even has a chance to leave me one now, so I never get the notification! At some point I was poking around at the settings for my phone plan. I noticed that Voicemail was a free add-on option, and that I could actually remove it from my plan.

I don't have voicemail at all. My phone will keep ringing forever... or until I either pick up or deny your call. I don't answer anyone that's not a contact because I get 10-20 spoofed numbers per day spamming me. I stay in do not disturb, it's amazing. But if you're not in my contacts you have to leave a voicemail or I assume it was spam.  Oh my word. I need to do this. I miss medical appointments and get charged because I don’t check VM.

OP, you’re kinda my hero right now. That is so genius!  I *loathe* phone calls and this is such a great solution! It's another inbox and we have too many damn inboxes in our lives. Voicemails are even worse because you need too much to get started on them. Remember a password, maybe get headphones, have to listen to stupid robot voice going slooooowly through prompts, then a person beating around the bush of what they actually want or more robot. It's awful. I don't blame you. Every success needs to be "celebrated" when people deal with issues that tend to hold them back. My oldest unchecked voicemail right now is from 2014 😂🤣😂😖 I've had the same feeling towards voicemail. Might have to try this OMG, what a great idea! Omg I thought I was alone. I feel like I get anxiety about it and get hives and then it gets worse because I never do it.... 
worst part: it’s part of my job....it’s terrible.  I’ve kept my bedroom clean and tidy for a week straight. Mostly because a week ago I rearranged it, so that’s most likely the motivating factor lol.  Great job!!  I had no idea voicemail was an issue for other people!!  I either don’t listen to mine or forward them to my husband to listen for me so I definitely understand how accomplished you just be feeling! Oh my god. Thank you. I have never even considered this and I’m embarrassed by moldy voicemail.  Comments won't load for me right now so idk if someone else already mentioned this, but many voicemail services for smartphones have an option for speech-to-text! Verizon for example has Premium Visual Voicemail which is a lifesaver for me. It costs 2 bucks a month & transcribes all my voicemails to text so I can just read them. Not only is it far easier for my anxiety, but it's usually faster to read voicemails vs listen to slow talkers, lol. Plus if they say their phone number, address, etc it's already written down & usually you can just click to call them back! Now if only someone would do THAT part for me...  "Blocked by shame" is the perfect way to vocalise the problem I didn't know how to explain.  Holy cow never thought of this GENIUS!!! lol i never knew i could blame this on my ADD! i thought it was just because i was a millennial. nonetheless, i may follow your lead. Smart  I just told everyone this face to face over the course of however long. RIP voice inbox. You GENIUS! This is so simple and I wish I’d done this years ago. I hate VM. Just did this and can’t thank you enough!!! I'm doing this too! Wow I don’t have a voice mail with. It gives me anxiety didn’t realize it was an adhd thing, thought I was alone. Thanks for sharing I’ve had this phone coming on 3 years and have yet to even set up my voicemail. At least I don’t have to check messages I guess.  That's great! I did this too, but not ballsy enough to delete email, I just phrased my message to strongly urge them to text me for a quick response. To my utmost surprise, most people do! Even when job hunting, future employers would rather text me than leave a voicemail. LPT: Need to answer your phone when you usually don't because it might be a job offer or something similar? Answer with a made up business name and your first name! ("[Business Name], this is ADHDcuriosity, how can I help you?") Scammers think they've called a business by accident and hang up immediately, whereas anyone who was actually trying to reach you  will recognize your name and continue! I use my Etsy name as my 'business'. It NEVER OCCURRED TO ME to specify texting IN THE OUTGOING MESSAGE.

Fucking game changer. 🤚 Can somebody explain to me what this voicemail is? 👌 oh WOW! This never even crossed my mind. I didn't even realise this was a common issue for us. I hate my voicemail (I also hate my phone in general, still working on a solution for that). I love this idea! THANK YOU!!  Used to be able to get this free from Google. It's an awesome accommodation. Oh thanks, I was looking for something like this earlier but got frustrated. It looks like I might need to pay Verizon the 2.99 a month they want. Jackals- it's reprehensible to charge for a disability accommodation. Does the message pop up like a text would? I want to see it like a regular text whenever I pick up my phone. My iPhone does this, i didn’t know it cost extra  Seriously visual voicemail changed my life. Also helped me ID a lot of important numbers. This changed my life. This is free with Google's Project Fi. You also only pay for the data you use. Butttt sometimes I get janky ass service. No regrets, but not for everyone. Yes! This was the game changer for me. I rarely listen to the audio now unless it's like my bestie calling. Used to be able to get this free from Google. It's an awesome accommodation. Yep, that's totally my problem. I was raised to think yelling was normal and I might be yelled at at any moment. I still carry that, and the emotional tones in a voice message freak me out- even anticipating a critical voicemail spins me. THIS\^\^\^. Especially when it's a call I don't recognize, I'm actually kinda freaked out when I get a voicemail.  Call your own phone number! Even if your phone didn't come with an app or anything, calling your own line usually works. Just call your own phone from your phone, every carrier and even home phone landline I've ever seen will take you to voicemail if you call your own number So glad its not just me. But most people seem to ignore my voicemail message and leave s spoken message anyway  I also prefer raven mail.  I feel that so hard- numbers fall out of my head in seconds. When I get a new cell number I have to write it on my arm, like a teenager. I'm 40. Luckily, I can hear a word once and remember it forever, so it all evens out. EDIT: I just remembered when I. bought my house and the escrow people made me copy a 12 digit bank account number by hand. I was like 'you're fucking kidding me, right?' Made them read it to me out loud, one digit at a time, and then checked it like 5 times. Never going there again. It's so nice to know I'm not the only one who cannot listen to a string of numbers. On those commercial voice mail messages where you have to select one for something or two for something else I am thinking about whether I should stop for coffee  or run an errand before they even tell me what number one is for. I end up listening to the message 4 times before I can actually track the whole thing. Also those helpful people that tell me my voicemail is full. I say "thank you" knowing full well I am doing nothing about that. Because then more people will just call and leave messages. Sames! It's so crazy now. These scammers really put the nail in the coffin of voice calls. My poor dad kept yelling 'put me on your do not call list'- I had to sit him down and tell him the facts of life. I legit get people yelling at me regularly 'your voicemail is full!' It's really inappropriate. Now I can say 'didn't you hear the message?' You are my hero. I never answer my phone- its 70% scammers. I love when they list their location as somewhere glamorous, like I'm going to see a call come in from Key Largo and answer it immediately. I always inquire about text reminders for appts, many doctors have those now. Also, I put the appointment in my digital calendar right when it’s set so I’ll get a notification. 

But yeah I get charged all the time for no shows, including from my adhd doc!!

I should add that I also put my doctors phone numbers in my contacts so when they do call there’s caller ID and I can pick it up. I have 76 voicemails rn. OP I admire your strength in these dark times  It has nothing to do with your being a millennial. Let's just say I know personally.
 Can confirm! I was a recruiter in 06-09 and it was all about the phone. I went away to HR for years, dodging solicitors, then now returned back to recruiting and it is all email & text, unless it is a scheduled phone conversation, for which we both can prepare!  I still have it through google voice!! have they phased it out for new accounts or something??  Still can with Google Voice afaik... Um, I have a Pixel and Google just transcribes it for free. You change to an iPhone or something? You could tell them it's for a diablity and they may offer it for free. It's cheap enough for them.

Honestly depends on your program. I don't have it cause I spent nearly 30 minutes on hold to be told wait we don't have that yet. From what I've seen on Android and iOS it should. However it's voice to text so it can be gibberish if unlucky.  You can activate Google voice as your voicemail app. It works great for me. https://support.google.com/voice/answer/165656?hl=en I don’t think it does for iPhone.  Ugh when that robot starts listing off numbers when it says who the message is from I end up trying to focus so hard on the number that I miss 80% of the content of the message and then have to replay it to hear the whole thing.  And then have to replay it again to actually write down the number if I need to get back to them but oops I pressed 7 by mistake.  Message deleted. Shit. Not again.

It didn't take long before they stopped having me check the messages for reservations at the last restaurant I worked at 😂 Google Fi doesn't exist in Canada ;-;

I showed my friends an ad here recently. [Buy a new phone and get a discounted 500 minute plan with 8GB data only for 1030$ and 70$ a month.](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/323448195596288021/492771734148087810/unknown.png) Then leave it full. They get a recording saying your voicemail box is full. It’s the best really. Everybody’s raven about it. I had a client who’s voicemail was always full, he explained to me that he refuses to delete any because it allows him to ignore people so he can work. They tend to call, text, and email all about the same problem, and he decided to cut one of the ways they can contact him.  Mine are mostly my area code. They actually spoofed my number once and I got an angry call from an old lady thinking I was an IRS scammer I ignore the texts, too. Anything auto-texted.

I mean to put my appt in my calendar, but forget.

I mean to add numbers to my contacts, but forget.

I have an expensive avoidance and procrastination habit! Ugh. Apparently I'm wrong! I'm going to set it up again- it is great. The translation can be wonky but it’s enough to get the thrust of the message most of the time Been using voice since it came out and it's been awesome. Voicemail is no longer a headache for me. I read 95% of my voicemails, and listen to the few it can't translate. Oh good :)  Lol, that's fucking ridiculous. Sorry friend :-(. 

If it helps, you could hypothetically get Project Fi with an American number (probably would require some finagling) and then they have decent international rates (unlimited SMS, $10/GB data which is same price here in the U.S.).

Project Fi is really only worth it though if you don't use a shit ton of data.

If it helps, [here's a blog post](https://canadiankilometers.boardingarea.com/2017/06/30/google-project-fi-canada-review/) I stumbled upon that provides some pointers on circumventing the country restriction. It never gets full. Messages are automatically deleted after 3 days  Is that just a setting? I have iPhone and Verizon and my mailbox is full... or maybe it’s just different carriers. 