Can't keep up with all the texts, emails and missed phone calls in my professional life! Just when I think I am on top of my emails and messages along come more. I am always apologising for replying to people late and I wish I could just switch it all off. Any advice from those with ADHD on finding balance and boundaries for work-related communication?  I experience this too, especially this week. Ive concluded that something right away is better than nothing. I think just replying to acknowledge the message and a promise to follow up is best in conjunction with a list that lets you know who to remember to email. It isn't perfect, but it's a system. Same. One thing that I have found that work well is a lot of inbox folders. Everything goes into my inbox. When I complete the task that the email requires I put the email into the folder is belongs in. I’m an account manager. All of my important accounts have their own folders and sometimes have two (one important, one not important) depending on size. Anything that doesn’t warrant its own folder gets put into the Archive folder on Outlook. 

I get behind all of the time but then spend a morning organizing them. It’s also a nice task when I just don’t feel like I can be productive. It has saved me soooo many times from forgetting tasks. I’ll also email myself reminders so I can keep track of if I did things or not with my folder method. 

The almost empty inbox is less distracting, I feel super accomplished when it is empty or near empty, and it helps keep me accountable.  I think the idea of' 'something better than nothing' is so true. I often read the message but I'm doing something where I don't have the mental space to reply and then forget. At least this shows when I read something I am not just ignoring their message, great idea ! This sounds like a great system, I never thought of using the folders, no wonder my inbox is chaos! Thanks :-)  I find that “hey, I’ll organize my inbox” is an awesome way to do something easy, productive, and less scary. Normally making a plan scares the shit out of me when I’m having one of those days. This makes it easy to go one thing at a time. Let me know how it goes! :) 