(Article For Those of Us Who Struggle With Reading Now Despite Loving It. Thought It Was Relatable) "The Endless First Chapter" [Link to article](https://mobile.nytimes.com/2009/12/10/fashion/10SPY.html?referer=)

I deal with this problem quite frequently. When I do bother to read, it takes me forever to do so now. I get exhausted with having to focus so much or become distracted. I haven't tried deep reading since being on meds out of fear. All of this is unfortunate and embarrassing because I'm an English major who's graduating soon. I also used to **love** reading. It's a miracle of bullshit and workarounds I'm graduating with the grades that I have. Today, I think I'll try a tip discussed in the article about finding the right format to read. I found my Nook to be a good match for me last time I deeply read (that was literally a year ago tho). Back then, reading in designated chunks helped. Just had to make sure I stayed on schedule. Schedules and I didn't get along that well tho back then. And the reading in chunks... Didn't help a lot, but helped some. Haha.

What methods do y'all use to "deep read"? Do you have any advice you'd like to share? Librarian here. (I always like to say that when talking about reading) This article is spot on. *Proust and the Squid* is a fascinating book about the history and biology of reading as well as dyslexia. 

Something that might help is dedicating time to deep reading. Maybe even pomodoro style where you sit with only the intention to read and don't get up until the time is done even if you have read only a couple of sentences. Then you take a break, do something else for a bit and then start the next timer. Another thing is reading physically away from habitual distractions. I like to go to coffee shops away from my computer and house to read. I also have a habit (since I was 8) of reading myself to sleep (or more actually, to almost asleep) another time when things are not begging to get done or distracting me.   Changing my font helped a lot for me. I don't have dyslexia, but I found using the OpenDyslexic font on my kindle at a larger size makes reading more comfortable and less overwhelming and therefor easier to stick to reading. After reading a few books this way I found my focus improving for standard hard copy books as well, although not as good as with the dyslexia font, but still a lot better than it used to be I can't read when the text is small because it looks like I have paragraphs upon paragraphs ahead of me, so, as soon as I see that, it's like my brain just gets lazy reading it. I have to make the text big so that it looks like less reading I have to do. I like reading on my phone bc I use an app to make the whole screen black, except for the very top. This way, only 1-3 lines are visible at a time(the more unfocused I am, the more lines I hide) so I only have to focus on 1 line at a time. Otherwise, I can't keep my eyes from scanning over all the text and sometimes my eyes catch on a word.

I tried doing this with a paper book and a piece of paper to hide the text, but I didn't like having to hold up both things. I found larger font books helped me too in the past. The book reads faster for whatever reason no matter the content. I should try that again. Maybe there's a tie between what helps ppl with dyslexia and folks with AD(H)D?  I figure the larger font put less content on each page so it wasn't so "much" and didn't become overwhelming. Since it's easier to finish each individual page, it's easier to finish the chapter, and easier to finish the book. 

I actually just went through some testing and through a fluke, we found that I have an issue with visual clutter, especially on a page I'm trying to read (or do math problems on), and it becomes overwhelming and my brain basically fights it. Using a larger, and visually more appealing font makes reading a million times easier for me. I know most people who have ADHD benefit significantly from keeping things organized in their lives, so I wonder if *part* of ADHD is a sensory processing problem where different types of clutter just overwhelm the mind. 