What study methods can I, a medical student diagnosed with ADHD, use to internalize/retain information effectively? Please help :( As a second year medical student, I have a really hard time absorbing high volumes of information and small details. I have survived thus far (2nd year), but I am a below average student according to my grades. I was doing poorly and I got myself checked out and behold -Mixed variant ADHD. I feel like my brain is always on hyper-speed and the medication helps with the focus but it doesn't slow me down. Do you guys with ADHD have a study method that has worked successfully for you to retain information?


I think I have tried all kinds of study methods (re-reading, re-writing, talking it out, visualizing, drawing, and just plain ol understanding, saying things over and over again) but as fast as the information goes inside my head, it leaves- it just doesn't stick. It is really frustrating. I am WAY better at pattern recognition and figuring out what diagrams are saying compared to my few friends who are the top of my class. But they can retain the information so well, where I forget constantly. 


Something else I have noticed is that I can't remember things like jokes I made last week when my friends are talking about it, or I can't recall that pervy text I sent a girl last month when she says remember what you said last month, or even restaurants I have visited with my friends. I just feel like my brain is not "recording" a lot of things that happen to me, it just moves on quickly to the next thing. 


TL;DR Got diagnosed with ADHD last semester in medical school, study methods I've tried have not worked, i feel brain is always on hyper-speed, information I try to retain does not stick,  how do I "slow down" and how do I study? As a first year veterinary student, I would love to see what tactics anyone else has to offer! Just know you're not alone!  Have you tried medication? It's amazing how well you can study when your brain is relaxed. Without medication when I would try to study I would have random thoughts like "I wonder how tall Mt Mckinley is" or "I really need to adjust those blinds I should go do that now" etc etc. I found it almost impossible to study for any extended period of time. On medication though I feel like the opposite. I was researching something the other day and I literally ran out of pages on google. I went though like 150 google pages just doing reserach on something that should have only required 5 minutes of research lol. try the loci method >I think I have tried all kinds of study methods (re-reading, re-writing, talking it out, visualizing, drawing, and just plain ol understanding, saying things over and over again) but as fast as the information goes inside my head, it leaves- it just doesn't stick. It is really frustrating. I am WAY better at pattern recognition and figuring out what diagrams are saying compared to my few friends who are the top of my class. But they can retain the information so well, where I forget constantly.

I'm sorry to say this but you should have studied to be an engineer.

Source: I was a pre-med in biomedical engineering >or I can't recall that pervy text I sent a girl last month when she says remember what you said last month

awesome. just plain awesome. if it got her going find the text or have her show you tell you, *find the pattern* behind it, don't just try to rote memorize.
 My secret is ankisrs.net! It's intelligent flash card software that you can even sync to your desktop or phone. Quick flashcards means it's great for limited attention spans, and you can sync it and do cards while in line at the grocery store. I honestly don't know how I'd study otherwise. Memory is associative, and the more things we can associate together, the easier it is to find our way back to the memories we want. One memory triggers another, the key is to find something that will bind two disparate things together so either one always triggers the other. Then run back and forth across it until the binding is solid. Difficulty with memory tends to be because a way to go from here to there was never created. Research mnemonics. I remember a lot of stats from articles when they have some emotional significance. Remember that AA expose on the front page the other week? I can tell you the stats from that article (AA's success rate 5-10% according to independent studies, a third according to the org itself, though both these may be affected by people who joined AA as the result of a court order, and varying definitions of success, and because the AA insists that total abstinence is the only definition of recovery) because I've lost a few friends to addiction. So I think, shit, that's awful because maybe they could have lived, and those numbers become important. Remembering some numbers from an article two weeks ago isn't exactly Rain Man, but compared my overall memory it's impressive.

Also, take Adderall. It has the strange effect of giving things undue salience, but that helps me remember
 I was prescribed  vyvanse, it helps me focus but it doesn't slow my brain processing speed down. I was diagnosed with both hyperactive and inattentive- so with medication, I don't zone out/day dream anymore but my mind still is having a hard time retaining information, I can focus just fine.    I dont know man haha I was good in math because of the pattern recognition but I never knew what i was doing and why- hence Calculus was an interesting time in my life.  Whenever I read something that is cool- its inside my brain for good- like i actually always says "wow thats cool" but the problem that doesn't happen very often.  Okay that changes things quite a bit. You can focus on what you're studying you're just struggling to retain it. This is going to sound silly as an adult in medical school but I would try some brain games. There are a lot of games out there that help quite a bit with ones ability to retain knowledge. I'm not a doctor but what I think happened is due to the fact that you've had undiagnosed ADHD your whole life you've probably always struggled with studying? You've probably picked up terrible study habits over the years just trying to "get by". Not that you're on medicine I think you need to reprogram your mind and get rid of the old bad habits. Like I said I could be wrong with all of that but that's pretty much what happened in my life as well. After playing brain games though I realized my retention for new knowledge sky rocketed.   Do you think any of the undergrad students doing engineering have any clue wth they're studying when they're in there? No they just try to scratch and claw their way into what seems like the impossible. That's all it is. It's not this memorize every single bio fact thing from x number of days of lecture stuff.

It does sound like you may be bored by the material to a degree. Not necessarily that you're bad at memorizing but you have all these logical and pattern and number serious aptitudes just sitting there clawing at your screen door. 

I mean you could try walking while studying, maybe get a classmate to go on a hike and just bring up school. Or get learning materials. This kinda stuff helps with the hyperactive component. Just keep the other stuff on the back burner, k? Info is less sticky if it doesn't seem important or interesting. You are spot on! Before high school, I was able to just go through the worksheets in class, figure out the patterns and get high As on tests. In high school I had trouble, but I just put in more time and made sure I went over the material several times and got mostly As and some few Bs. My rank dropped from like 7 to 45 when I graduated :(. I knew something was not right, but to compensate I just told myself I would just put in more time. In college, I struggled a lot, I was constantly studying and forgetting and constantly studying- some how I managed to squeeze by with a 3.6 gpa and got in medical school. In medical school, right now, I study as much as I can but because of the size of the material, I can't go over it 3-4 times because I don't have enough time and I noticed I dont have long term retention at all. Last semester I got so fed up with my bad grades even though i was studying so much, I had to do something and to went to the psychiatrist. But yeah you are definitely right. I have really poor study habits. What games are you talking about? And how did you change your study methods? http://www.lumosity.com/ is a good place to start. They offer a bunch of different games based on what area of the brain you're trying to strengthen (short term, long term etc etc). You might feel silly playing games but trust me after a few weeks of playing some games here and there I noticed a huge difference in my ability to study.  I signed up- i'll give it a shot. Can you talk a little bit about your experience and how the way you studied changed? Sure..I realized long before I started medication that I had problems studying. I like most people with adhd did what I needed to just to get by. After just getting by my whole life I wanted to change that. I realized that studying like a normal person was out of the question so I started experimenting with what works best. I found for me personally was telling myself "okay we're going to study for 15 minutes so give it all you have" I figured even if required 100% of my focus and attention I could handle 15 minutes. With that mindset I would give it everything I had for 15 minutes and then I would take a break as kind of a reward / mental rest. After doing this time and time again I realized that my 15 minutes were turning into 30 and beyond. Pretty soon I was able to almost get into a hyper focus mode where I could pretty much zone everything out around me and just study/learn. I noticed though that this method didn't work for everything and the less interested I was in the thing I was studying the harder it was for me to make it to the 15 minutes even. 


I've struggled with adhd my whole life and wasn't medicated until after all my schooling so I had to learn how to adjust and find what works best. I not only have a degree but I'm a 100% self taught developer. Life hasn't been easy but just know it's possible. If I can do it anyone can do it trust me. 