My humble guide to falling in love with reading, as someone with ADHD Hi friends,

I have been on this journey of treating my ADHD since my diagnosis a few years ago.

Since I was young, I always liked stories and learning, but I had difficulties with reading quickly, and reading used to feel like a burden or challenge for me. In the past, I remember it was as though the motor in the mind which reads was slow and effortful, similar to paddling a boat against a turbulent current. This caused me to take not read much until approximately the age of 18.

Today, I wish to share with you some of the things that have really allowed me to fall in love with reading voraciously, thus i'm writing this quick guide.

&#x200B;

1. I first began trying to read faster in high-school, after an influential history teacher introduced me to the concept of speed reading. Initially, I used to run my finger across the words with a consistent pace, in order to read faster, little by little.

&#x200B;

2. A while later, I discovered that there were many softwares on mobile devices/ computers that help one read faster.

My favorites are spreeder pro for mac/pc, and quickreader for mobile devices. This introduced a moving guide across the words, which you follow with your eyes. This made my reading experience smoother, but I found that I still had to stop and go here and there, so it wasn't completely as fluid as I wanted. I still use these softwares quite regularly.

&#x200B;

3. Recently, I discovered a much different technique, which truly amazed me. I had come across this technique in the past, but somehow it had never clicked for me. Out of pride, I felt that since I had ADHD and not dyslexia, that using this method would be pointless, but I was very wrong.

**My current favorite method of reading is to follow the physical book, while listening to the audiobook at the same time.**

I have found that this not only enhances my comprehension, but also greatly increases the fluidity and engagement in my reading experience. It's like instead of paddling against the current, you are suddenly introducing an external motor into your reading experience, allowing you to read faster and with more engagement than you ever thought possible.

Having studied neurobiology, this process makes a lot of sense because you are now using three sensory modalities, (i.e. hearing, seeing, and feeling), and it's as though the mental energy that was previously invested in paddling is now suddenly available to be used to think about the topic at hand.

&#x200B;

Here are some tips and tricks I have found to using this method:

a) get a membership to an audiobook subscription service or use youtube, which has a large inventory, while you follow along with the book on your tablet/ereader or with your physical book, (or perhaps even your phone).

b) Most audiobook subscription services like audible go up to a speed of 3x, but you may find that your mental speed outpaces the limit on youtube audiobooks, which is capped at 2x.

There is a chrome browser extension called "Video Speed Controller", which allows you to increase the speed of videos past 3x. Another way would be to download the video and play it on VLC media player, which allows you to play back at 4x speed max.

c) This was a cool trick I found yesterday:

If you have a mac, you can convert any pdf or copied highlighted text into even a full audiobook, by first selecting all the text in the book and copying it into the default TextEdit mac application. Then you right click and the lower-most option is  "Add to Itunes as a spoken track". For an entire PDF book, this takes approximately 10-15 minutes.

&#x200B;

I sincerely hope that those who will benefit from my little guide will come across my post. May you also fall in love with reading, and may it be a wonderful hobby you can embrace your whole lives as you grow in wisdom and personal mastery.

If anyone has any more cool tips or tricks you use, please feel free to leave a comment! This is utterly awesome. Saving. I have recently fallen in love with reading, but still struggle. Thank you for this This helps a lot, just make the time for it in your day.
I like to read in the morning or late at night :) 