How do you react when you see a wall of text? Is this an adhd thing? I don't know if I am just incredibly lazy but when I am reading an article or given a reading assignment for school, I immediately start somewhere in the middle or near the end. I know I am missing a great deal of information and I always have to go back to read the rest to get context.

Is this just me being stupid/lazy? Because I really feel like it is. 

Even wordy questions on tests. I will pretty much start at the end and work my way up somehow. It's stupid and terribly inefficient yet I do this ever time

 I do this too. It's an anxiety thing for me. I'll be too anxious to wait to get to the end/the point, so I'll read the end then go back and read the beginning and middle. Or I'll skim something really fast to get the gist, then go back and re-read it correctly.  step 1. look at text.

step 2. Read first sentence.

step 3. Read a long descriptive word that's located in the middle.

step 4. Read last sentence.

step 5. Go to sleep.  My brain just goes TL;DR :(  [This is how I feel OP](http://static.fjcdn.com/gifs/Didn+t+Read+LOL+.+I+Did+not+read+d_8bbc34_3675000.gif) >It's stupid and terribly inefficient yet I do this ever time

Actually it's not completely inefficient. I remember learning a technique many years ago (that I still use) on how to rapidly assimilate difficult textbooks. You first just read all the headlines of your chapter, then you read diagonally going to the sentences that get your attention. The goal is to get a clearer picture of what you are about to read. At that point it's much easier to then read the whole thing and understand it on the first read because you know what's the point of what you are reading. I skim. If it sounds interesting I'll read it. 

Question on exams though... I've learned that lesson.  I have ADHD and i do the same exact shit...bugs the hell out of me. 
 A trick I use in college: if you see a big wall of text, read the first and last sentences of every block. If you're reading anything worth it's salt, the first and last sentences of each paragraph give the gist of the block.

As for the middles bits?...uh...that usually gets skimmed over whether or not I actually need to know the material :x Yes, that sounds like skimming to me, and may not be inefficient.  You don't need to read everything with the same depth; that depends on how important it is and how difficult the reading is. 

I read magazines and catalogs that way, by the way.  I always like to start at the end and work backwards. I skim and the make an evaluation of its relevance/worth to me, then seek out the substantial bits (which are usually towards the end). So much of how people write is pure fluff that I just feel it's a waste of time to do otherwise. Sure, sometimes I have to back up a bit, but I just think of it as reading non-linearly... I start reading at the beginning and, if it's interesting, I get sucked in.

If it's a scientific paper, I read the abstract and the end, then skim the middle for more details.

If it's a legal document, my brain shuts down from boredom and bad writing, and I despair.

The key to being able to read a wall of text is to learn how to find the interesting bits.   Usually, if you're in a hurry, you should read the beginning and the end first. Then, if you have any questions, skim the middle looking for words and phrases that answer them and read the surrounding context. Yeah I do that too, or if it's something on reddit I just don't read it..mostly because I know that when it's not broken up I'll spend the next 10 minutes re-reading lines or zone out halfway through thinking about something it reminded me of, even though my eyes keep seeing the words.  I know my mind won't handle that wall of taext at all so I do pretty much what you do and begin it, skip a few sentences or paragraphs and see if I still get it and keep going until I don't then circle back to fill in the gaps. Ah, so more or less it's an anxiety thing and not really related to adhd?  I second this, I think it has more to do with anxiety than ADHD. Worth noting that somewhere around 30-40% of people with ADHD also have an anxiety disorder. 

Admittedly mediocre source: http://psychcentral.com/lib/when-adhd-and-anxiety-occur-together/0009860 And if it's really interesting, go back and forth to read some important words and sentence parts in the most disorganized way possible Totally agree with this strat.  what i do first is use a highlighter (it's my textbook, i paid good money for it) on the first sentence of each paragraph, and any sentence with *italics* or **bold** print.  I go through the whole chapter this way, not reading, just highlighting.  Then I go back and just read the highlighted bits... if i find anything else useful, I highlight that (preferably in another color), then go back through and read the highlighted bits again. For me it seems more anxiety related. But that's just me :) I specifically have social anxiety, but yeah definitely.  can relate!
 Same :/. I've just started working with a psychologist; it's something I really want to get a hold of while I'm still in college and have the opportunity to meet a lot of new people.  