Reading problems? Whenever I'm reading, I automatically skip lines and even paragraphs of texts without even realizing it. It's like my eyes just automatically skip over portions and I have to force myself to go back to where I was and read over what I skipped, and it's often so tedious and unnatural when I do it. For example, if I'm reading for leisure, I also immediately skip to the next juicy part, to find out what happens, often just immediately skipping the slower parts. But even when it's just academic reading, I cannot help skipping, it's just gonna happen and it takes a while for me to catch it. 

Another thing: I am find myself frequently reading on auto-pilot, and I don't even realize I haven't absorbed the last paragraph at all and was thinking about something else and got distracted, until like 5 minutes later. 

Does anyone relate to this?  Yeah. I used to do that on my leisurely reads. However, now... I'm currently studying for my medical licensing exams and when the questions are super long.... I always tend to skip the important details. Its so frustrating. I end up reading the question 3 times and write down the important details every time. It's a serious time killer.  Yup, this is me. I tried reading aloud but it turns out that I have the "talent" of being able to read an entire textbook chapter aloud while having all the actual material pass right through my brain. 

Medication helps to some extent. Getting good sleep, too. Also, if you do any reading online, then you might find Beeline Reader helpful; it basically highlights text in such a way that it's easier to track from line to line. It costs money, but I just use the trial version. 

Using physical highlighters is helpful with paper to me. For PDFs, I also find highlighting helpful. Mendeley is useful for this, because there's something like 7 highlight colours, and you can overlap highlights several times for darker colours. 

To be honest, I only use a vague colour code system when highlighting; I mostly do it just to visually separate ideas. As a result, all my academic reading PDFs have basically every line highlighted. My non-ADHD colleagues say it gives them a headache to look at, but it works for me. 

Anyway, sorry about the rambling, I hope you find a solution to your difficulties!  Yes - and it's funny because hypocritically as ADHD people we are more prone to write our own long rambling posts here on this sub, even though we're bad at reading them.  
  
I make a conscious effort on here to try to write shorter posts or to break up long ones with bullet points and bold headings to make it easier to read. I do this all the time. I hate reading long sections of text, not because I'm a bad reader or anything, just because I find it hard to digest information when I can only read so fast (and I already read quite fast). 

This then usually results in me skipping words or sentenced when I think I know what they are, but then I ultimately also don't quite understand what it said.  As a kid (at the time) that *loved* reading, this was one of the first things that frustrated me so much that lead me to go get a diagnosis. 

Medication helped.  > break up long ones

Obligatory sharing of a paragraph breaker extension that I use constantly:

("Sentence segmenter" on Chrome web store)

chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/sentence-segmenter/jfbhkblbhhigbgdnijncccdndhbflcha

The extension temporarily puts each sentence on a new line. 