Oral...dyslexia? I was wondering if any of you ever experienced this, but ever since I was a kid I have had issues with reading out loud a text. To be more specific, I would either add or remove words, change the sentence to something else without really realizing it- sometimes switch to a similar word that look like the one I was reading.

 It was never intentional and it has gotten a bit better over the years but I was wondering if any one of you could relate to this? I try looking it up but I'm curious to see if it's simply my brain's way to keep things "interesting"?

 I couldn’t really read out load as a kid because my reading speed is like 600-1000wpm and so to speak what I am reading I have to slow down... but I couldn’t. So I’d just stumble over myself and skip bits or I’d turn the page and forget and stop reading out loud. Hey twin 👋🏼 I’m VERBATIM the exact same hell I have trouble talking with this same situation and can definitely relate to the reading aloud. Sounds like what used to be diagnosed as Auditory Processing Deficit.  I was diagnosed with APD years ago ('82). 

APD is isn't just comprehending and parsing out sounds coming in but the memory of those sounds.  And it affects speech in that you need to understand and remember sounds correctly in order to say them.  

People with APD have trouble isolating and identifying sounds.  A common issue is not be able to follow conversations in a noisy environment. 

An odd one that was a big trouble for me was not being able to discern certain sounds within words.  For example when I was in elementary school, I had to have speech therapy.  The therapist realized quickly that I had no trouble articulating and that I wasn't deaf but, instead, I wasn't aware of, for example, the sound of the letter "L" when in the middle of words.  Two use a nonsense example: for me, Cumber and Clumber are the same word.  I had to be trained to note the difference and to articulate them.  To this day, I still have trouble with those types of words.    

APD has all sorts of funky permutations: moving syllables and words around, transposing them.  Spoonerisms and Malaprops (switching one word for a similar sounding one) are common.  For me, the auditory memory of words is so poor that I hesitate and stumble on speaking - not sure if I'm correctly remembering how the word is pronounced. 

Nowadays, APD is considered part of ADHD.   I was put in speech class when I was in kindergarten through 1st or 2nd. 

I hardly remember it and my mother (who’s in denial about my ADHD) claims I was only in it because I was missing my two front teeth. 

That may be true, but I have an extraordinarily difficult time reading out loud to someone. About everything you describe. I have a masters degree in biochemistry; I’m not dumb. 

But reading out loud to someone makes me want to never speak again. It’s like I drool too much and my throat doesn’t work. My tongue is being a dick and doesn’t wanna do what my brain tells it to. 

So I think it’s possible, but idk if it’s real or if it’s my brain going faster than my mouth or what  Totally seen this before in others, and I do it a little bit, too. I honestly think my brain just goes faster than my mouth can keep up with.  My husband will never let me live down the time I was reading off signs and said "Marble Crab Sleamery"   Heyyyyyyyy

:) :( Yup, I dont switch words but I do scramble syllables all the time. I don't mean to do it at all and don't even think about it. It always makes sense to myself and whoever I'm talking to. This sounds identical to my problem  Until my late 20's, I thought I just loved to read and learned how to read quickly to read more books. Turns out it's dyslexia! Speed reading is different than reading words sequentially, and that's the part dyslexic's struggle with. It can also be learned naturally as a way to compensate for dyslexia.  

Also, reading outloud from a page is the same problem for someone who's dyslexic. When I give presentations and speeches now, short bullet points that trigger what I want to remember to say are much more helpful.  I was also in a speech class though I don't remember what we did. Do you also feel like you never make sense? I hate talking for the same reason, I feel like I talk at a level that's way below what it should be. Also behind the scenes stuff of correctly formulating a story or getting my thoughts out. That is very interesting! Yeah, I’ve actually told a lot of my colleagues I’ll write them an email or for them to read my lab notebook because I’m much more eloquent in writing. 

I’ve always been horrible telling stories and I failed my oral exam for my master’s. I have to be able to write to get my thoughts out coherently. 

Hell, even writing takes me a while. My undergrad lab boss told me I write things in a weird order. It made sense to me, but not to anyone else.  Yeah I always write and rewrite and it just never seems as good as most other peoples writing. I failed english in high school because of a combination of not doing homework and being the worst and writing and reading. 