I think I've had ADHD for 28 years, but I'm not sure. I just need to vent. No need to answer. It's okay if no one reads this. I just need to write it.

Around the age of eleven, I stopped being able to do homework. I just couldn't do it. I've never been able to explain the sensation, and it has followed me around for the rest of my life. It's like I have the papers in front of me and I'm trying as hard as I possibly can to look at them, to try to engage with and read them, and I just can't.  No matter how loudly I mentally curse at myself and berate myself for not doing it, it hurts to look at it.

I was legitimately terrified of my parents, so I hid it. Literally changed report cards. We moved all the time-- I went to four middle schools in four years-- and it was easy to just not tell my mom about parent-teacher nights and report cards. The fourth school saw my grades drop from being an honor student in gifted classes who received As and Bs to a silent shut-away who had no friends and made Ds and Fs. The first time I got an F, it was at a school that used a dot-matrix printer to print their report cards. I went over each dot in ink and changed it to a B. It was't because I was a liar. I was terrified of what my mom would say and I didn't want to disappoint her.

High school was sort of okay. We moved again and I went to the kind of high school in the middle of a big city where they're just grateful you aren't shooting anyone. There wasn't really homework. I would drift mentally in class and occasionally I got in trouble for drawing or reading in class, but I was in the lower academic track and no one really said anything if I hand-wrote essays in the hall before class and handed them in half-finished. I remembered hating myself. I wanted so badly to be in the higher classes. I could read at college level by the time I was eleven years old, and I felt so ashamed. My mom called me lazy. Every night I would take my bag of homework out and stare at it. I couldn't do it. I had depression and anxiety. I wanted to go to a therapist, but I was scared to talk to my parents about it, and my mom yelled at me when I tentatively brought it. I told her I sometimes thoughts about killing myself. This wasn't true-- I always thought about killing myself. I walked to the middle of several bridges and tried to will myself to do it. I couldn't. Sometimes I still wish I had. My mom told me 'everyone thinks about killing themselves, do you think you're special?' I got a job, but I didn't do well. It was so hard to learn things and I constantly made mistakes, miscounted things, forgot things that should be easy.

I went to college. I moved 3,000 miles away from home. I was too depressed to leave my apartment. I almost dropped out, told them I had mono, and managed to salvage my grades. Some of the professors liked me and gave me passing grades. One class I failed I simply asked the professor to change it because if I lost my scholarship I would have to go back home, and they did. I got another little job. Same problem. I could barely learn this easy food service job. I switched schools. I couldn't handle a 'real' school, and I dropped out. Always the same problem: I could understand things in class for the first half of class, and then after twenty-thirty minutes my mind shut down and refused to accept new information, no matter how badly I tried to focus. When I came home and opened the browser window or project or textbook, I couldn't focus. Sometimes the words would literally blur. I tried everything. I went to tutors. I tried reading the words out loud to myself, slowly. I tired re-writing the text book word for word. I couldn't focus, couldn't learn, couldn't do work. I watched my academic achievement scholarship drop from almost a full ride to half a ride to nothing. I dropped out.

During this time I thought of nothing but killing myself. I bought rope. My mom's sister died and I decided not to, purely out of guilt. When I came home and told her I had dropped out, she screamed at me. I managed to get a full-time minimum wage job and move out within two months, living on eight dollars an hour. I had no car, no health insurance, and no friends. I tried to go to community college but dropped out. I was able to see a therapist through my mom's health insurance, but it sparked an argument and I stopped going.

I lost all faith in myself. I didn't know what it meant to be intelligent or stupid anymore. My boss constantly told me I was performing poorly, but he also said the same thing to my coworkers who seemed completely functional. I didn't know if I was useless or if he was simply verbally abusive. Eventually I quit, after watching him fire all three of the other people who worked there. I went to live in another state with an ex who eventually became my partner again.

After that I drifted. I tried to use creative talents to make a living, but I could never manage it. I miss deadlines, I fail to be communicative. As always, I open projects and just stare at them, alt-tab and browse and do something else until hours have passed and I need to sleep. I thought it was procrastination because I was lazy, like my mom had always said. Then I thought it was anxiety. I took medication for anxiety. It made me distant, and fat. After two years I stopped taking it. I think that was for the best. I tried to work retail and foodservice jobs, but it was so hard. I would forget things. I had a hard time learning, a hard time listening, and some things I just point-blank couldn't understand. I was unemployed for years. Sometimes I didn't leave my apartment for months. I had nightmares about homelessness. I thought about killing myself every day. Even things I wanted to do, creative pursuits that had no other purpose other than to make me happy, I couldn't.

I finally got a food service job I could handle at the age of twenty-seven, and even though things are better now, when I go to sleep at night, I hate myself. I still make minimum wage, and I still make mistakes and fear for my job. I tried community college again and dropped out again. I have several talents that I could have turned into a career, if only I could just *do* them. But I can't. Weed helps, but it doesn't do everything.

One day I was browsing the internet and on a whim I read about ADHD. I was familiar with the term, but I never thought it could apply to me. Every single thing in the description fit me. I felt cold reading it. By the end of the article, I needed to throw up. I always thought ADHD was a fake diagnosis for spoiled rich kids whose parents wanted to give them drugs to sedate them. I had no fucking clue that it describes everything about the basic inability to focus on or complete tasks that has haunted every step of my life.

Now I don't know what to do. I have health insurance, for now, but I don't know how to talk to a doctor, or even if I should. I have a terror that I can't shake that they won't listen, that they'll think I'm seeking drugs, that they'll think I'm lying. I'm scared I'm wrong and this is another dead end and I'll never be functional. Sometimes I still think I should commit suicide. My parents are older now and occasionally I think about waiting until they're dead and then doing it.

With alcohol and pot I manage to get along, work my minimum wage job, contribute just enough to my household that I avoid taking heat, and live every day with no accomplishments, relying on my partner for everything. When I start a task, I know I'll fail, so I stopped trying to do anything. I don't even watch tv anymore.

I think it's too late. I think I've already lost all my chances. I already have the student loan debt. I've already been fired from or quit a dozen jobs. I've never been functional. I'll never be functional.

That's all. Thanks. It's fine if this post is modded away. You have struggled through for 28 years.  Don't stop now.  Reading your post I feel like you are at a break through and a new door is opening.  The most important step is often just figuring out that you have an issue and understanding what the issue really is, in your case ADHD.  Whether if it is a person or a car, the hardest part is usually figuring out what is wrong.  Once they know what is wrong, it can usually be fixed.  Look at a car, the worst part is not knowing something is wrong or having it not run, but not know why.  Once the mechanic knows what is wrong, they can always fix it.  Same with you.  You know acknowledge there is an issue and the ADHD list is checking all the boxes.  Go see a Dr and get some advice.  What do you have to lose?   Also, read this forum everyday and you will learn a bunch (like me) and realize you are not alone.   

What I am learning is there much of this 'stuff' is just a chemical imbalance in the brain.  It is not you, just the way your body works - no different than too much acid in the stomach (ulcer) or too much blood sugar (diabetic) - it is often fixable or treatable.  

BTW, you are an excellent writer.  You write better than probably 90% of the population, so it is not like you are dumb.  Perfect punctuation too.  You have many options as many companies would be pleased to have someone that can write well.  

Lay off the weed and booze for a while and go see a doctor.  There are going to be ups and downs, but I think things are going to be looking up for you.  I'm sorry your life has been so hard. I can't offer much advice, other than to try and find a psychologist/psychiatrist who specializes in ADHD, and just walk in. Honestly, you don't even have to talk, just show them this post. That's really all I can tell you.

If you ever need to talk, though, PM me. Diagnosed at 29 here... Your story sounds so, SO much like mine, although I never had any serious suicide plans and I've never had access to weed. But the age when I started having serious problems, the inability to keep a job, the inability to stay in school, all of it seemed to be very very me.

I had the same opinion about ADHD for a long time no thanks to the way it was talked about on TV when I was growing up. But ADHD is a complex, well-researched, and legitimate thing. The good thing about that is that doctors who specialize in ADHD know a TON about it.

My advice to you is to see an ADHD specialist, not a general practitioner, for diagnosis & prescription. And get a therapist or counselor on top of that in order to learn how to use the new brain power that medication will give you.

I didn't think I'd ever be functional either. But I was diagnosed 3 years ago and since then I've graduated college with my bachelor's degree, I make 65k a year in a career-related 9-to-5 job, I found a steady, stable relationship and got married, I live in a house, and my daughter - who has ADHD as well - has also been diagnosed and is absolutely thriving in a fantastic school district.

I am functional as HELL today. And I wasn't even diagnosed that long ago.

You'll be okay. Diagnosed at 35. Keep fighting. See what help you can get.

It can get better.  >and live every day with no accomplishments, relying on my partner for everything. When I start a task, I know I'll fail, so I stopped trying to do anything.

are you me Hey, my husband was diagnosed at 39 a year after our daughter was diagnosed. I won't tell you the path was easy. It was a struggle and a huge adjustment after he was misdiagnosed as depressed. But today he's off antidepressants and our marriage is stronger than ever.

If you're in the US, a GP can prescribe meds, but may require you to get tested through a psychologist. Take that first step and call your doctor. 