Dating a Man with ADHD I have been with my current boyfriend with 6 months and he is everything I ever wanted. Dependable, patient, trusting, and so much more. I have been searching for someone like him my entire life. We are living together and we plan on getting married in the next couple of years.

I knew about the ADHD when I first got together with him and knew that he was taking medication for it. The only problem is that he has stopped taking his medication for ADHD and is now different from the person I first met. When we first met, he was very calm and quiet. Let me preface that it is not a bad change, he is still an amazing man with a great heart, he is just acting, what he calls, his true self now and (obviously) not medicated. 

I need advice on how to handle this transition because it seems he is not going back on medication - which I am okay with because I want him to be happy. There are a lot of times that he does not respond to my texts, he is completely blunt sometimes, and overall can be very hyper.

I am a sensitive person and I have done a little research about this situation and realized that it is common for people with ADHD to show all of these symptoms. I still get hurt every time he does not respond even though I know he does not mean anything by it, plus I don't want to be come off as too needy.

So, what is the best way to handle this situation? Is there anything I can do to make sure he is comfortable? Any advice is greatly appreciated! The best way to handle this situation is to first and foremost sit down and talk to him about what is bothering you in a calm and open minded manor while also preparing yourself to be ready to actually listen when he has things to say.

Another stance you can take is to try and find a way to not view his actions as a reflection on you personally. While I don’t know your situation, I can tell you that his lack of communication probably has nothing to do with disliking you, forgetting about you or feeling like you’re too needy. I know from my own experience of having ADHD and also having a girlfriend who is very reliant on undivided attention at times, that it can be hard for the person with ADHD to get out of certain mindsets. For example, if i’m playing a video game and my girlfriend is texting me, it’s almost impossible for me to even register that need for giving her a response because while my brain recognizes she has texted me, knows that I should say something and intends on getting back to her, I can truly only hyperfocus on one thing at a time sometimes and that makes it difficult. I also know i’m capable of the exact opposite of that sometimes as well. I know myself and I know that if i’m busy doing one thing, I can almost 100% guarantee you that it’s not the only thing i’m busy doing, as I have probably picked up three other tasks to add to the list within a five minute span of starting the first thing I was supposed to be working on. 

We get distracted VERY easily. Not just in a stereotypical “SQUIRREL!” type of way either. Although that does happen quite often in our world. Let’s say we read a text from our significant others at 3:45pm, while most peoples instincts would be to respond to that text as soon as it’s read, someone with ADHD might read that text, casually glance down at their shoe for a second and see that it’s slightly untied, wouldn’t wanna trip on that later! so they bend to tie it. While they’re tying their shoe they notice a red truck drive by, instantly their brain goes a million miles a minute for virtually no reason at all, that red truck that just drove by could trigger a million different thoughts, ok so the truck was red, i have a red shirt that i wore yesterday, i should probably wash that shirt, i should probably wash all of my dirty clothes actually, but i don’t have any laundry detergent left, its only 4 i could go to the store before it closes at 5, if i leave now i could pick up a bag of dog food on the way home from the store with enough time to spare, but do i have enough money for both? let me check my bank account to make sure, damn only 30 bucks in there and i have to pay my car insurance in two days, i also have a doctors appointment that day, i better set a reminder for that.

by the time that reminder is set for the doctors appointment, not only is it 4:15 but we’ve probably also very much forgotten that we have a text to respond to until the other person either sends another one or we have something else we need to say.

i can guarantee you this is not an isolated occurrence that only happens with me. a good 70% of the people in this subreddit could probably agree with me that that’s how our thought process works sometimes.

i think it would be beneficial for you both if you were to maybe sit and try to recognize that ADHD isn’t just that hyper kid with emotional problems who couldn’t sit still when you were in the fifth grade. it doesn’t have one face and it doesn’t have one set of symptoms. do a bit of research on all the different types of signs and symptoms of ADHD and try to be more open to realizing that it’s just how he is and he may be hardwired that way, but try to remember that without taking things so personal if he happens to be a little distracted, a little more lively than usual, can’t sleep at night so he’s exhausted during the day and less accommodating to your needs etc. 

just talk to him, let him know what’s going on in YOUR head and all the ways you feel like he could be more open to recognizing what his behavior is making you feel. like i said, a lot of the time we don’t even recognize that anything is different until someone says “hey bud, here’s what’s happening and here’s how i think we could fix it”.

i know it took a lot of patience for my girlfriend to understand that sometimes i need a designated time to just be able to hyperfocus on something without distraction, i sometimes get very worked up over things due to rejection sensitivity dysphoria symptoms and need reassurance or time to breathe, i can’t be in loud restaurants because i have panic attacks from sensory overload, all kinds of stuff. but we both sat down and i said here’s literally a list i wrote of the things i recognize about my ADHD that could potentially cause problems or make you feel neglected or confuse you and she was open and honest about the ways in which we could compromise on things to make both of us feel better and accommodate each other’s needs.

try that? You should talk to him about how it impacts you and maybe encourage him to explore different medication and option. It might take a while, but patience is key.
 
Speaking from personal experience, there were many times where I acted like that too, not on purpose, and didn't realize how it affected my partner. Even if she did talk to me about it, I would forget and still slip up sometimes- but still, I needed to be told about it so that I am aware. It helps if you tell him how it is personally making you feel, because otherwise he might not understand the impact it has on you. My girlfriend of 4 years said she felt like that in the beginning too and wished she had told me sooner so that she didnt have to go through all the second guessing, confusion, and sometime insecurity in my personality. It may be another version of our "true self," but that doesn't excuse us from personal responsibility to try our best to care for our partners. [removed] 1: People get back together sometimes.

2: Nonmonogamy exists.

3: Don't be a creepy bellend. 