Adult reading problems I'm not sure where to seek help with this issue or what I can do to improve myself. I've always had issues when it came to reading and I've gotten much better since crying over my reading comprehension assignments in elementary school. It seems like when I read occasionally the words don't process in my head correctly and I'm forced to reread the section to get it. And its not like I didn't understand, its like... when someone spoke to me and I heard them speak, but I processed nothing of what they said and I have to ask them to repeat themselves. Like I heard them but I also didn't hear them. And with reading it's like I read it, but I didn't read it at the same time. This does me no favors when it comes to focusing because its so tedious and requires so much effort. It slows me down during exams, work takes longer and reading scientific papers that would be otherwise intriguing is just a drag. I don't have quite the same issue with graphic novels ironically enough, but then again tiny snippets of text between lots of images is pretty damn easy to process. 

Does anyone know what exactly IS this problem I'm having with reading or have any tips on how I can improve my reading? Even if you linked me to a children's website for reading comprehension I would try it if it would help me.  I love audio-books as I can't turn away from them. 

There is a lot that could be going one. If you got glasses it might fix everyting! It also might not. 

Personally I have a very hard time reading for pleasure. For work and for learning I fight my way through it. I have to work myself up and attack the text and argue with every sentence to engage in it, but it works great and since I've done that I'm a top student in graduate classes.  [deleted] That's good to hear that I can still succeed. Also I've had glasses my entire life so I don't think that's the problem lol. I absolutely love learning and I wish reading wasn't such a struggle. I've muddled through so far, but something to fix this would give me a much more positive outlook on my studies and whatnot. I looked around at the usual symptoms of dyslexia and though I display some of them there's things that I'm perfectly capable or even excel at that I would think I wouldn't otherwise if I had dyslexia. I learned to speak very early and I'm perfectly fine reading out loud and stuff. 

Maybe it's something else? No matter what it is I wish I knew what to do to try and improve.  (phone was being weird and posted this as a comment instead of a reply lol) I guess i can read just fine... but I wish I enjoyed reading fiction more and it was easier. I need an hour (minimum) to get into a book and then I can read it in one sitting. But typically I'll never finish the first 100 pages. 
Non-fiction is much easier but I have to argue with it (part of my learning process). I can sure learn from books but I had to learn how, and I didn't until I was an n my mid 20s. [deleted] Getting a taste of someone else's thoughts other than my own is extremely helpful don't be sorry! I really appreciate your input! Sometimes I feel like I'm alone on an island when I have certain problems that no one else I know has and I can't find a single source on the internet for the same thing. Or things are only vaguely similar and unhelpful. Thanks again. 