Difficulty explaining things? Do you ever have a tough time explaining things?? I feel like i can imagine it with no probs but when i want to use words i feel like im stuck, theres some words i want to use but they are stuck and when i stutter, its like im trying to pull them out??? Does that make any sense??  I find that I over-explain things. I’m a Project Manager and I try my hardest to “dumb down” the IT talk to the client. I end up using stupid analogy’s all the time as a way to try and convey my point, when I should just shut up I feel. 

I just don’t know when to shut up until it’s too late! Lol. 

I do much much better through text and/or emails. This is true even in my personal relationships. I prefer to talk to people through text as I have a good chance to collect my thoughts before putting it out there. 

I guess the only problem with that is when you’re arguing with a woman and she sends 15 texts and you reply to one of those instead of all 15. 😵 My Adderall actually makes this worse. I tried a different medication and it makes explaining things almost TOO easy haha I can't stop talking on it. 

My theory on this is it's a result of poor working memory. There are supports/accommodations for it. I often just tell people I need to be able to prepare in writing for conversations like that. They take it surprisingly well when they're given context! Yes totally, sometime I even give up and say 'whatever' in the middle of explanation coz I can't find words, especially over the phone. What is helping is to imaging that you talk to a baby that needs you to use simple word very slow and repeat everything twice. It is awkward but at least I can squeeze necessary information out of me. Same!!! But I have absolutely no problems when writing it down. It’s like my tongue wouldn’t cooperate with me.  Yeah ADHD can bring some other diagnoses like speech difficulties/disorders. 

Mostly I forgot words and have trouble forming sentences  Oh!! I can be the same way!!! It sucks because i cant be as straight forward and i feel that anaolgies help me get the point across ya know? But even with analogies i forget words alot its very frusterating ahhh ITS AS IF I HAVE ALL THESE WORDS AT MY DISPOSAL BUT THE WORDS I ACTUALLY NEED ARE LOST AT THE BOTTOM OF THE BARREL AHHH Taking the time to think about what i want to say really helps me too!! But its just frusterating when im excited or interested in a convo then i dont wanna stop and think about my words i wanna keep going!! And if i dont i feel like i will lose the oppurtunity or i will forget! Do you ever feel that way? I don't know if working memory is a correlate with ADHD...My IQ test put me in the 99th percentile for WM and my psychiatrist said all of my test results point straight to ADHD.  Thats very good advice! Ty for that! Oh and talking on the  phone is very frusterating!! I greatly dislike it Yes! Haha it feels like I constantly struggle with that as well. At work I carry a notepad EVERYWHERE and will write down what I'd like to say in response to something someone said. This helps me remember what I'm going to say and not a) blurt out things when others are talking, and b) be able to contribute to the conversation in a way that's respectful of other people's time to speak, since I often get the criticism that I do all the talking if I'm interested in something... Obviously in social situations it's a little different, but for the most part I just have understanding friends 🙂 It is haha. We're up to 4x as likely as NTs to have WM problems. But executive functioning is different in each one of us. On the whole, we're usually not so great at WM, focus, and organization. *Some* of us are amazing at those things though! Just depends 

https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/keep-it-in-mind/201606/what-is-the-link-between-adhd-and-working-memory

https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=adhd+and+working+memory&hl=en&as_sdt=0&as_vis=1&oi=scholart#d=gs_qabs&p=&u=%23p%3D1rokWGdc7EsJ 