Is this something that medication would fix? Explained more in text below...am struggling Ok. I’m panicking because I have all these things that need to happen, in order, and I can’t fucking make my brain actually get it’s shit together and just COPE. 

I’m stuck frozen on the couch when I should be doing the things I committed to doing. I’m frozen! I’m undiagnosed officially, hence not on adhd meds. But if you were paralysed with brain fog and not able to put actions in the right order, with the following things to do, would your meds make you be able to just DO it?

Wash a lot of dishes
Do an hour of physio
Walk 30 min
Respond to emails to employer
Get work clothing ready
See aunt tomorrow for coffee (don’t want to)
Respond to texts from friend
Birthday present for my cat who is 16 
Job training event all day in a two days time 
See doctor
Speak to psych therapist 
Deal with family
Self care/meditate time

😨 I can’t move when there’s a list like this sometimes. Do I need meds? Would the frozen fog dumb can’t move feeling go away if I took the right meds, and a whole new world would open up? I read ppl’s stories like that on this sub all the time. 

TL:DR would my brain fog paralysis go away on the right meds?  Meds really are different for everyone. You need to find one that works. I found that my mind went quiet and my depression and anxiety went away. It's common for meds to help improve depression and anxiety. Some people need to treat them separately, with additional meds though.
   
My ADHD didn't go away. Concentration didn't get a ton better (some). To me, I'm still disabled, but now I can cope. That's huge.
   
Don't expect to be cured, but medicine might help you deal better. Ritalin would help me with everything on that list except for meeting up with my aunt and dealing with family. It can't make me motivated to sign up for torture. ;) 

Getting started on all those little things on the to-do list, though? Oh yeah. It makes it easier to just be like, "okay, I'm starting with this thing and working down the list" without that analysis paralysis.

also, I love that you're getting a birthday present for your cat. =) 16 years old is worth celebrating! For me, the answer was an unequivocal, resounding YES.   This was the main problem I was hoping to solve, and the medication largely fixed it. Write all of those things out on paper. Check them off as you do each task. It'll help trust me. Once you see each thing being done as an accomplishment it'll start to feel good Perhaps. Meds are different for everyone. Symptoms are different for everyone. For example, I'd see a list like that pre-medicated and I'd find OTHER things to do off list. Nothing would be done on the list, but I'd spend time reorganizing the office or something else not urgent.  Dishes! The only motivation I had for that was from my wife. When I started treating my anxiety, I couldn't be bothered to do dishes either. What might help (if you ever get around to it) have one plate, one bowl, one cup, and a fork+spoon+knife. Just reuse those throughout the day.

Other than that, tell yourself to wash dishes for 5 minutes. Put on some music or listen to a podcast. Once the timer goes off, you're done for now. Set a timer for 30m. When that goes off, do more dishes, this time for 10m. You can repeat as much as you want or change the timer lengths. But breaking up a big task into smaller tasks will make it seem less daunting.

The 30 minute walk. Gag. What I'd do is start training. Get yourself into a rigorous regiment where instead of a walk, run a mile for 10 minutes or so. Right now I run a mile in 8:40 everyday. I think I started at 11 minutes, and I can't seem to get under that (7mph) so that might be my "max" without changing diets or increasing distance. The point is: I can run, build a sweat, and finish in under 10 minutes. Do it everyday to build a routine so that in a week or two it becomes second nature.

Emails. Just send something small. Like "Thanks, I'll look into it". Emails were a pain point for me. Pre-med I'd usually get a call from my boss "are you working today"? Turned out I forgot to start my clock and I wasn't replying to emails... whoops. A separate monitor exclusively for emails helped.

Cat present? Skip. Not important. Decided. Check it off!

Admittingly I never meditate or self-care. Probably part of my cornucopia of issues. I’d be happy with just some relief from the idiocy 😔 just to have some kind of control over my focus when I need it would be so good, no miracles expected. I know I’ll never be neurotypical as such and that’s ok. I take Pristiq for my depression and it helps with the inattentive part of me to a degree. 

>I found that my mind went quiet and my >depression and anxiety went away.

Bliss! God I wish my head would STFU lol  oh and also I love your name =D  I do that, man I am a listmaker obsessive! But I don’t know what happens when I can’t put them in the right order. I wish I even had the right words to describe it, but that’s part of my fog too. I just usually panic and end up smashing my way through tasks in no smart order and I wish there was a pill that could switch my brain into clarity mode. Just venting. I’m under a shitload of self pressure I think.  What really helps is an accountability partner. BUT what I've discovered is that we lack that inner motivation that NTs have. My wife commented recently that checking off todos just made her feel good. I never felt that. The BEST thing I've felt would be a subsidizing of anxiety back before I was being treated for anxiety, but now, I still feel no "accomplishment" checking off tasks. They are getting done because they don't feel as hard as before and I'm remembering to do them. The biggest change for me is that now when I attempt to do something, I get a strong visual "flash" of something from my past related to the task. Like loading the dishwasher, I flashback to when I wife was telling me how to optimally load it. Or when driving, I get a flash of the next turn I need to make in my head.

If I were you, I'd look into anxiety treatments too. For me, they made the biggest change. I became the happy person I was always trying to be. Though, I must say, getting on stimulants made the people around me happier :p. 

 