The achievement of nothing I know it's hard. I've felt all the guilt and the emptiness. The shame. The sense that we've disappointed all those we love and squandered our opportunities. This is the achievement of nothing. The achievement of nothing is both easy and hard. The achievement of nothing relaxes yet destroys. When all the stress builds up, all the self loathing and hate. It pushes us down the endless pit. This pit gives momentary comfort and defends against consequence, but simultaneously eats at our souls. So I have a suggestion. In your worst moment. When you wish the pit of distraction and avoidance you rest in could make you disappear. Celebrate your achievement of nothing. Celebrate your ability to shirk and make excuses for yourself, even though you know it takes the least possible amount of muster and will. Celebrate it because that's the only way to move on. One learns from grief that even when the pain of loss seems infinite and impossible, solace will only come once one can celebrate the journey that brought them to this conclusion, and only in this celebration can one realize their the seemingly unreachable ability to start anew. This is where you will find joy. To begin, find something productive and inevitably beneficial to relish in. Depression and inactivity becomes an accomplishment when you understand it is the perfect launch pad for the smallest possible success, leading to momentum and a journey towards healing and the pathways of potential. This doesn't mean you can't revisit the dark pit. Rather than let supposed failures in this process discourage you, use them as a reminder of how great you are. They are the reason why your decisions and actions have significance. If you can see small victories in relation to this achievement of nothing, they become everything. Nothing is only true darkness when you don't let it contrast the smallest steps forward. Your footsteps onwards from this place leave glowing golden marks almost blinding by all who could truly see your journey in the suffocating vantablack sand. Even though many do not have folks like these, all of us here are almost blinded, if not  warmed, reassured, and inspired, by any step your willing to take, with with proud recognition of the whirlwind of particles that swirl around in an attempt to derail you. The accomplishment of nothing is not only a widely shared and deeply understand reality for those of us with ADHD, but also a reminder of the individual unique ways in which this nothingness allures us yet propels us. So finally, I'll say this: do one thing today to triumph beyond, yet without disregard, of this achievement. Get up from your bed. Just focus on taking one deep breath. Whatever one glowing footstep means to you, take that step with the awareness that the darkness surrounding you only makes it all the more laudable. You don't have to attend to every responsibility or overcome every challenge, but just do one thing, no matter how small. Finally, I want to personally thank those who support me within and without my achievement of nothing. Whether that be my mother, who is the reason my survival even during the darkest of times, or my brother, who continually serves as a beacon of light. For these two and many others (including those on this subreddit) who consistently show me love, I am eternally grateful.

Thank YOU. Could you provide a tldr for this wall of text?

I too achieve nothing. Not even reading some words. Basically I'm saying to view your smallest accomplishments in contrast with your most depressed and lethargic self loathing state. I think you should even celebrate that state because it provides a great starting point for improvement. Any effort seems positive when compared to the achievement of nothing. 