ADHD Quirks ;P 1. I haven't put my laundry away in about a month. 

2. Takes me 4 hours to do the dishes. 

3. I forget what I'm saying mid sentence 

4. I say the weirdest things (no filter) 

5. My mom starts sentences off with " Put  ____  down and look at me" 

6.  My boyfriend finds me doing laps around the house. 

7. It took me 2 hours to write this ;P

**********
Tell me some of yours ;P  1. My car is full of last years school supplies.    
2. I'll dive into hours of researching advanced theories and medical research and end up only spending about 20 of those minutes on the thing I set out to read about.    
3. People either tell me to stop talking/interrupting or repeatedly ask why i'm so quiet. I don't know.    
4. I love talking to people who do that thing where they will bring up some ready topic that no one knows how they got to that because I know best how to reply to those random thoughts. I do that as well.    
5. I legitimately do not get bored - I know that's not a common ADHD thing but to me there's always something entertaining - ALWAYS.    
6. I prefer talking to groups of strangers more than I like talking to people I know moderately well. No pressure, less judgement or judgement that actually matters.    
7. I can find something to talk to ANYONE about. I don't care if you're black, white, asian, gay, trans, an artist, an engineer or a thug. **I will talk to you and I will try to get you to like me.** Deal with it. 1. I haven't cleaned out my cupboard in 10 years. The thought of starting just kills me.
2. My husband tells me to stop hyperfocusing on 1 topic only, and I'm to talk about the kid from 1-5pm only (my suggestion - I do well with rigid schedules).
3. I don't remember much of my own childhood or much of my life, for that matter. 
4. I'm super eager to learn new things extremely thoroughly, before I drop it completely and move on to the next thing.
5. When I leave the house, I have to come back at least once to pick up something I left behind.
 1. People have asked me if I'm living in my car because there's so much stuff in it.

2. I find everyone exceedingly interesting and I will talk to anyone forever about anything. I have a reputation at work as being "the distractor" because I accidentally get my co-workers off-task by talking to them.

3. i can spend all day in bed writing poetry, making YouTube videos, or working on some other thing i care about cuz hyperfocus

4. i can memorize ANYTHING cuz hyperfocus

5. People tease me about the fact that I bring protein bars everywhere, and I'm like: PROTEIN HELPS MY SILLY BRAIN!




 1. I interrupt everyone I'm in a conversation with, or else I lose my thought.
2. I can never finish the last process of washing my clothes.
3. When I read I skim and figure out the jist of the text bc holy shit my comprehension skills suck.
4. I'm very impulsive if I think of something I deem funny.
5. I'm very creative but lack execution. 
6. I get bored with personal projects very easily (bands, hobbys, etc.)
7. I sleep if I can't think of anything else to do.
8. I zone out at work sometimes for so long that I forget what I was doing. 1. Whenever I get bored I fall asleep 
2. Doing exams I would wake up and be like oh shit
3. Whenever I'm on my Meds I don't get car sick 
4. I always have to shake my foot
5. Sometimes I have so much energy I run or skip around the house. 
6. It's been a few months since I did laundry by myself
7. I'll finish this later lmao if I remember 


23 days later and I remembered :D

8. I have to interrupt people/say a thought to someone else in that moment or I will forget. 
9. When I was being evaluated for ADHD the psychiatrist told me to not forget to write my name. I did the whole questionnaire thing only to have her give it back so I could write my name. 
10. I HAVE to set goals for myself or I will lost focus and do other things. Like what time I need to leave by so I can figure out what I need to do in the time frame and what I can skip doing.  If noise isn’t coming in, it’s coming out.

A couple years ago, I was driving my daughter (3.5 at the time) home from the babysitter after work. I was making some loud tongue-based noise and she proclaimed, “Just listen to a podcast, that sound is annoying me!”

I spend a lot of time listening to podcasts, largely to help my family and coworkers stay sane.

My coworkers always know when I’m working late because my code develops sound effects when the meds wear off. Reading through all these comments has made me realise my quirks are quite normal for people with ADHD. I'm very fidgety, so whenever i'm fidgeting with something in my hand, one way or another, it ends up in my mouth, like i subconsciously chew on everything.  Sometimes when I have my morning coffee and blast some feel-good music I am in such a good mood, I think it may be illegal. 1) I always find things in weird places and never remember putting them there, like I took a lime out of the fridge and after I was done cutting it up I put the rest of the lime back into the drawer with the knife, i ended up thinking ??? Why the hell is there a lime in the drawer??? when i went to get a spoon. I also put bowls into the same drawer accidentally after washing them.

2) whenever I talk to people the conversations get to some random unrelated topic by the end, with me I want to talk about 5 million different things and when the days over i still have a lot more to say.

3) nothing I say makes sense bc i get distracted midsentence I'll start off saying "Oooh I have to tell you about the conversation i had at work... speaking of work, on my way there I saw a dog but i really want to adopt a cat..."

4) everytime i want to show a specific picture to my friends it is probably their worst nightmare bc I end up forgetting what i wanted to show them and explain every photo with a tangent.

5) not a quirk but also a quirk, people have to chase after me bc im so forgetful, I randomly let go of things in my hand and just leave my belongings at random places and it happens SO often people dont bother asking around who lost what, they just know it's me. 

6) I end up with other people's belongings and i have no idea when i grabbed them so I end up carrying 2 different bags/jackets/scarves/phones Yesterday I did 9 (!) things on my to-do list.
Today I am sitting on my ass not able to do a thing, sun is shining outside and I feel like an idiot.
 1. Whenever I go into a toilet cubicle, I always make silly faces or do a little dance once I shut the door. I think it's my way of shaking off energy and hyperactivity in a socially acceptable way because no-one can see me being weird.

2. When reading text on a computer I highlight the paragraph I'm reading so I can focus on it, I get distracted by the wall of text otherwise. I turn the water heater on and don't wash them and the same the next day 

Wet clothes lie in the machine and have to be rewashed

Recently a fuse sparked and I cleaned the whole apartment  Talk to me! I challenge you, internet stranger! I do # 3 all the time! The rambling is insane.  lol I love the conversation schedule!  I don't remember a lot of my childhood/life either! Is this an ADHD thing? I always think it's really weird how terrible my memory is. Hyper focus is a wonderful thing. When you have a passion for something there's nothing stopping you. Hence why I do so well in university. I'm so interested in learning about everything.  Are you me?? For sure #1,3 and 4!!!!!  No car sickness on meds? I need to take a cab soon and test that out!  I find it amazing reading all these and relating to most of them and also seeing other quirks I don't have.  I chew my nails. It's a disgusting habit but it's for that very same reason.  I love chewing on plastic rings from bottles! Me. Every Morning. Doesn't matter what time I wake up, I will be dancing and singing to music.  # 1 and 2 for sure! 

I'll get a glass of water and then get distracted, then remember I'm thirsty and pour a new glass. Soon I have glasses of water scattered around my house. 

Not only do I talk very VERY fast. But like you the conversation changed so quickly and rarely makes sense. I also tend to interrupt because I just blurt out what comes to my mind. Like if I try to keep my mouth shut, I feel like a ball of energy about to burst.  Today I almost put paper plates in the dishwasher and I catch myself putting the wrong thing in the fridge if I'm holding several things.  Ya if the paragraphs aren't separated or I'm not interested in the text I lose interest within the first few sentences.  Let me know if it works! It may just all be in my head 