Hey guys, I'm pretty certain I have adhd. I've cried a few times reading articles, symptoms, and a lot of posts on here. Not really much else to add. Just wanted to get this off my chest. Really only one person I feel comfortable telling in my life right now. I hate for people to judge me for making an excuse for "just being lazy". I definitely don't feel like I'm a lazy person. The only thing I really excelled at in my life was the military because it was fast pace (at first) but my last year in things slowed down. As they usually did with more senior enlisted. Not have to deal with someone constantly telling me what to do every minute of my life, which I guess got kind of boring. And that makes sense considering I started to deal with plenty of anxiety during that time and here and again since I've been out. I heard the adhd mind sort of becomes "normal" during crisis situations which definitely describes me. I've always felt out of my friends and family I was always the most clear headed during rough times. I did want to be a cop after the military but tbh, after my military experience, I don't think I would like being a police officer. I think I would like to build/create things and figure things out. Any career idea guys? College was ok at first since it was new to me but after a year got boring and I've dropped out class after class because it just gets so boring and I can't stand lectures. I don't think I'm dumb. I actually think I'm kind of smart or at least have a decent mind, but boy my self esteem has been low since I've dropped out and switched my major so many times. Often feels like I just want the professor to just "move on" to the next topic. Next thing you know I'm daydreaming or drawing shit on my notes just like I used to in HS. I've taken ritalin from a friend a few times and man was that extremely helpful. I actually took notes and listened the majority of the time. But that crash afterwards kinda sucked. I don't think I could take that on a daily tbh. Man, I'm always rereading sentence and paragraphs and I still have no clue what I just read sometimes. When I text people I have to reread my messages to make sure I didn't say the same thing twice. I'm always forgetting things like people's names, the location of my wallet /keys. I always have unfinished tasks. Always. I see now just how much this has effected my life. Haven't seeked professional help yet, but what should I mention? Should I mention my short time use of ritalin and how I felt "normal" taking it? Because I definitely wouldn't want to be prescribed ritalin. I hope my doctor doesn't think I'm some college punk trying to get an Addy perspiration. Anyways this turned out longer than expected so...

Tldr: For the first time in my life, I think I have ADHD and a lot of things make sense to me, as to why I'm the way I am. Thanks for reading. 

Edit: Oh fuck, that turned out wayyyy longer than expected. So if you took the time to read, seriously thank you. I understand how difficult it must be for some of you because tbh I can't even read what I wrote. It's just too long.  I might have missed it but did you retire from the military? Still have tricare? Totally the easiest way to get treatment from what I've been reading if you do.  
 Step One: Read The Book “10 Simple Solutions for adults with ADHD” 

 It goes over the symptoms, then breaks down how you can find a specialist, it breaks down all the different kinds of meds so you can be informed about what you may end up being prescribed or get a sense of what you want to try, it also gives you tactics and everyday tips surrounding the areas of weakness which turns into stressors and triggers. The more you will learn about add the more you will feel like a lost cause but once you just make steps towards change you will do better.  

I was diagnosed with bipolar, with chronic depression, with anxiety etc and had so so so many issues that were actually just symptoms caused by my untreated add symptoms. You start to hate yourself for not being able to function like others and it takes a toll on your mental health. As soon as I saw my ADHD specialist and was just treated for ADD my entire life improved and the other mental health issues went away. 

I hope this helps 

The loss of the routine you had it the military seems to be what triggered your awareness of your ADD. Having structure and routine helps ADD drastically and it seems to me your first years in the military created an environment that gave you the support and structure your ADD needed. All you have to do is create a life that’s structured for you and maybe ask for support from a friend or loved one who can help you stay on track in the beginning.  No I'm out now. Only served a brief 4 years. Nothing traumatic. Just a very past pace job that turned out to be the only thing in my life I've excelled at so far. Seeking professional help isn't an issue, I already have a scheduled appointment with my doctor. Just the more and more I read about adhd, the crazier it boggles my mind of how likely it is I have it and how it has possibly effected my life throughout these years.  Thank you so much for your help. I'll look into this book and definitely give it a try. I've been stuck on the same book from over a year and it's just a science fiction novel that I actually like. It's just become extremely hard for me to maintain focus to even finish a chapter in one sitting. So I'm a little nervous (yes actually nervous) about reading.  
 What's great about this book is it's managablly small, the writing is in larger than normal Font and you can take it one chapter at a time without loosing context.  The first chapter actually mentions that it's likely you won't finish it the first time you attempt to read it lol, it's realistic.  I just read it in little chunks before bed.  I have an audible account that I use for all my other reading, audio books have become my new normal and I have gotten rid of a lot of my physical books as a result. Maybe that's worth trying for your sci fi book? Since you have the physical copy if you use an audio version as a pacer along with it it may help you stay focused.  