How do you deal with your readings at University? I'm a first year student at University and struggles a lot with my readings. It's just the readings I struggle with. When it comes to lectures, assignments and memorising stuff I've come up with "systems" that works for me but when it comes to reading page after page I can't concentrate. I find it boring and I don't feel like I learn anything at all. I can read a sentence three times and still don't understand it because I find it so freaking boring. Even if the sentence is "today we are gonna talk about birds". 

I've tried the "turn of your phone, internet" and "sit in a quiet room without distractions" but when I do my readings I find it more interesting look at the wall than read. 

Is there anyone who have the same problem as me? How do you guys deal with readings? Does anyone have any tips to make your uni readings more fun? For the record: I love reading books. It's just the readings in school I struggle with.  What discipline are you in? I've just started postgrad., and I avoided reading text books at all costs. Luckily, as you get further along you won't be expected to read from text books as much, but you will be expected to read more published papers. I am now expected to read 10-20 papers a week, something I have found useful is to read the abstract, the first and last paragraphs of the introduction and discussion and look at, as well as comprehend all the figures and tables. A few days later I will go through and read the entire paper. It seems to help that I already understand what I am reading about, I still find myself having to re-read sentences, but because I already have an idea of what the paper is communicating, I seem to actually get through it.

Maybe you could try something like that? I just started uni again too! So I'm writing this for you as much as for me :) I too LOVE reading. But I too really find it difficult to concentrate on reading; I can read a paragraph a hundred times and still makes no sense of it...

1. accept that you'll have good days and bad days

2. take. your. meds. REALLY.
No meds? Caffeine.

3. everyone have different study 'needs' besides no distraction/quiet room. I am the complete opposite; I need mild distraction and a noisy environment, so studying in front of a TV I don't watch is what suits me.
You need to experiment to find out what you need. Some people pace around. Some people talk aloud. Some people has to shake leg or squeeze a stress ball.

3. find the idiot's guide to whatever the topic you need to read. Find one with no jargon and explain things like you're 5. It's easier to start reading the basic first before attempting to read your uni material.
The internet is your friend.

4. follow what /u/la3aah says, he/she makes sense

5. I try to summarise each paragraph and write them on the margin. If you're like me, WRITE them, don't just think them. I needed the visual and tactile feedback, if I just thought about them I'd end up just staring at the wall for hours.

6. Don't get discouraged. It may just be your bad day this time. Take a break, and rant on reddit (like what I'm doing now haha...). Then come back after you're refreshed. preferably after a good night's sleep.

7. lastly, sleep well, eat well, and exercise. It helps on concentration. Taking notes while I read helped keep my mind on what I was doing.  Make sure the notes are summaries, not copies; this also helps you process the information and make good observations/connections. Honestly? Sad as it is, I don't do them.  I can bring myself to read textbooks okay, but my problem is retention. I have switched over to e-textbooks and I use accessibility features to have my computer read it to me. I have the textbook up on the screen and read along. I find it easier because if I start staring at the wall, I'm still hearing the material. one tip i learned?  read the material out loud to myself. I'm a undergrad in my second semester. Last semester I only did one or two readings. I passed every subject but this year I wanna get higher grades and be a more responsible student. I'm desperately trying to do every reading but it take so much of my time and leave me with no new knowledge at all so I'm starting to believe it's just a waste of my time to read. But your way of getting through the text is something that actually could work for me. Never thought of doing it that way. I will definitely give it a try. Thank you so much for responding :)  Thank you for responding! So nice to find someone who loves reading but still can't concentrate on the reading material. Everyone around me is like "You can read a book in one day but can't do a reading of 30 pages?" 

Your tips are really useful. Especially the one about accept when you have a bad day. It's one of the hardest things about ADHD, accepting that you can't deliver 100% every day.  I just have one question. I've tried to summarise and write down what I'm reading but I always feel like I need to write down EVERYTHING I read. So when I try to summarise I just end up writing down pretty much everything. Maybe it's hard to answer my question but do you have any suggestions on how to summarise in a smart way?
 Sounds like a good tip. Thank you for answering :)  I'm never getting through every reading I have each week. Some weeks I don't get through a single one. But I want be able to do that. There has to be a way to get through our readings even though we have ADHD.  Wow never heard of this. Def going to try it. Thanks! :)  I will try this. Thank you for answering! :)  Haha I too am really glad to find someone who's like me. At least now I know I'm not just imagining my plight!
Yep. I got those response from people too... But oh well, people can't and won't understand; but it shouldn't stop us :)

That's pretty much what's happening to me too (the need to write down everything) which, as you too discover, is not very productive at all. I'm still learning to fight this thing, this wild bull rodeo that is ADHD.

One thing I find helpful is to take each paragraph at a time. We ADHD-er like to skim things, and our eyes tend to wander down the page faster than our brains can read. So sometimes I find that I have to physically cover the other paragraphs so I can't be tempted to skim over them. Then once you have that one paragraph, stop and analyse. Don't move on until you have written something down- that's your anchor.

you're right about one of the hardest thing about ADHD. Even knowing that we can't deliver 100% everyday, it's still hard to accept it :(

But one thing we have is resilience. Just don't give up and you'll find your niche... eventually :) Thanks you so so much for your answers. It's a really good idea to analyse after each paragraph. I will do that from now on. 

And as you say, what other people think of us should not stop us :)  No problemo :)
So glad it's helpful!

All the best! 