How do I know I'm not just a POS failure at life? I definitely want to be wary of self-diagnosing in order to find an excuse of why my behavior sucks, but I feel like something's not quite right and that a lot of posts here are way too relatable..how can I tell the difference? and that I'm not just a chronic procrastinator, discomfort avoider, bad friend who forgets to text, drug addict, lazy, clumsy, forgetful, and prone to zoning out? How does one get diagnosed? First of all let me tell you that after reading the post, the positive thing that came out of it is that you realized that you need help. Everyone needs help at some point. That’s a very big thing and that’s the first and most important step. I’m 47 and only realized that I needed help a year ago. I’m currently seeing a psychiatrist, which has helped me a lot,

As far as getting diagnosed, you need to do research. 
2 ideas that come to mind are:

1. Speak to your primary doctor/internist
2. Look up some sites like ADHD.org or ADD.org

These organizations have ambassadors/support people that you can call and ask whatever you want.

Everything now can seem overwhelming but remember there’s no overnight fix. 

Get diagnosed 
Get support
Get educated about your situation which will only make you stronger.

You’re not alone and there are people that really want to help you. It’s up to you to find them.

Good luck, I’m sure you’ll do great, it just takes time and commitment.





 Well, from someone who is severe adult ADHD, is a mass of wasted potential and frequently barely makes rent... Have you ever considered that the two aren't exactly mutually exclusive? 

Oh... right this isn't 4chan. Anyway, as someone who's both of the above who's likely done more drugs, particularly research chemicals, than you've ever seen... I'm thinking the "self medication" (you did mention *drug addict*) might be a large part of the problem... speaking from the humble perspective of **extensive experience**. Completely laying off the vision quests and riding the yak really helped me. Just sayin'.

 I would seek out diagnosis and treatment and see if the treatment helps with your life. wait a minute . . . I got diagnosed 6 months ago and I still have patches where I question my diagnosis. I had my first session with an ADHD coach today so feel more confidant now. But it is one of those crazy, complex conditions that is really hard to pin down, especially when you're on the inside looking out. Just go and get an assessment, that's the only way to really know. 