Reading Problems? Does anyone else have trouble with reading? I know how to read of course but if I see more than a few sentences on a page or even here on Reddit if it's more than a few lines at a time, I just have so much trouble.

I think this might be a part of ADHD but I'm not sure. I see a huge block of text and I'm like "UHHH I can't do it" and the words look all jumbled up and overwhelming.

I also have a lot of trouble with books. I read very very slowly and have to re-read some paragraphs more than once because I'll read it and I won't process it at all or I'll read it and I'll only understand part of it or I'll read it wrong and then the whole thing just makes no sense at all.

This has been a problem for me since as long as I can remember. I always had trouble with reading classes in school and English classes in college. Also, I'm breaking up this post a lot because I'm hoping it'll be easier to read to someone that might have the same problem as me.

So, can anyone relate to this? Visual working memory! Super common. Your sensory-brain sees the words and reads them but the cognitive part never gets it, so you do the mechanical part of the reading but it literally does the reading equivalent of in one ear out the other--you never process it or brain it, just mechanically process it. You have to go back and reread, etc., because you're not internalizing any of it.

What helps me is to either go super slowly or "read out loud" in my head. If it's a textbook type thing or other stuff, I just keep referring back, or I try and take notes, or "quiz" myself as I go--not for comprehension, but like, say I'm reading your post, I kinda hop back up periodically and make sure that the parts I've read are registering as read, etc., instead of new, you know? I can absolutely relate. Especially if I am trying to read on a laptop/monitor. 


I stumbled across this Chrome Extension about 3 days ago and it has helped me a lot maybe it will help you too :)



[Beeline](http://www.beelinereader.com) Even if the shortness of your post I reread the first paragraph like 3 times and slowly struggled through the rest of the post I didn't know it till not too long ago but having to re read is a common symptom. I do it all the time. I'll have to re read a multiple choice question five time before I kinda know what I read. It's slows down every for me. I also think that's why I hate reading and never read that much as a kid. I was always a bit behind.  I struggle with this too. Also, you might want to investigate something called Irlen Syndrome.  Oh okay! I'll try that out. Good to know I'm not the only one with this problem.  Oh nice! I just downloaded it. I hope it'll help. Thanks! 