Open Letter: People that have ADHD - People that know someone that has ADHD. I’ve lately seen some helpless/hopeless posts about individual suffering from ADHD symptoms and how it is messing their life up.  I have also met individuals in person and have heard the same type of story.  I wanted to write this not as a ‘look what I’ve done’ or ‘look how great I am’ but to show you each of that you don’t have to let society define you.  Society is not set up for people with ADHD to be successful.  Plain and simple.  It’s not fair.  It sucks.  How do we continue to live our lives be successful, and be joyful?  Notice that I use the word joyful and not happy.  Huge difference in those two words.  I see joyful as choosing to be in good spirits even though things suck.  Brief note: I am not a doctor or medical professional.  The below is my opinion that I have formed over many years of having a disability and researching causes and how to better myself.

For people that don’t have ADD or Dyslexia:
ADHD and Dyslexia are not something individuals can control.  The brains and how they are wired are significantly different that people that do not have ADHD and Dyslexia.  People that have ADHD have differences in their neurotransmitters as well as how their nerve pathways work.  Certain parts of their brain as less active, smaller, or not as developed as their counterparts.  The way the brain is wired in someone that has ADHD affects a chemical called dopamine.  Dopamine plays a pivotal role in how individuals manage movement, sleep, mood, attention, and learning.  Now, pairing this with Dyslexia – the brain basically interacts and connects with itself in very inefficient ways.  The way my dad describes it is like having a large city with only one lane roads.  Dyslexia causes issues in the parts of the brain that manage language.  Since they do not function in the same way as average kids – dyslexics use different parts of their brain to compensate for the lack in the language processing areas.  The symptoms that you see daily are due to the brain differences.  Another aspect of having these disabilities is the shame involved in not being able to do something that everyone can do or is a basic building block of being successful or accepted as ‘normal’ or ‘intelligent’.  Check out Dr. William Dodson; he describes it well.  I read somewhere that the shame of having a learning disability like ADHD and/or Dyslexia is on the same level of shame as being raped; caveat: I am not saying the rape and learning disabilities are the same thing – just that the shame is comparable.  I do not remember where I read that so do not quote me.

If you know someone that has ADHD/Dyslexia – it could be a sibling, a parent, a SO, a friend; these people have been told their entire lives that they are failures, worthless, or a problem.  Be their cheerleader.  Be someone that encourages and cultivates them.  You will be amazed at what they are capable of…ADHD/Dyslexia have a lot of cons.  However, it also has a lot of gifts and benefits as well.  Help these individuals to realize that and find it in themselves.

A bit about me:
I am 30/M who has an undergraduate and graduate degree in communications.  I am married to a wonderful woman and have a great dog, Loki.  He’s a Doberman Pinscher.  I’ve held numerous jobs and am currently a sales and operations buyer.  I currently take free courses in supply chain and economics.  I spend most of my days in excel analyzing numbers.  Things where you must pay attention to small details.  I am very clean and organized – almost to the point of having OCD tendencies.  I read often – mostly science fiction and fantasy.  I listen to audible books all the time.  I game. Quite a bit.  My one vice.

The parts of my life that I leave out: I was diagnosed at the age of seven for having severe ADHD and auditory and visual dyslexia.  Since then I have been on some sort of medication for ADHD.  I was also enrolled in cognitive/behavioral therapy – the same therapist was also trained in assisting individuals diagnosed with Dyslexia.  I did that for three days out of the week for 6 years.  When I was 9, I was pulled out of class and both my parents were called into the office.  The principal talked to my mother and father and told them that I would most likely not make it through high school and laughed when my parents mentioned college.  The tutor began to see me during recess – I was made fun of and beat up every day I rode the bus after.  I was constantly told that I was stupid and lazy.  I remember crying on the bus being made fun of – and I promised myself something.  I promised that anytime someone told me I couldn’t do something – that I would show them that I could – and do it better.  But, the thing was that if I did it the way society expected me to – I would fail.  So, I had to figure out how to be successful but in a unique way.  My mom took me out of public school and homeschooled me.  I went to high school eventually and fell into the wonderful – sarcasm- the world of popularity, partying and drugs.  I graduated high school with a 2.4 GPA and that was a struggle.  I ran into some issues with law enforcement due to my recreational activities.  I failed out of two colleges – and then got my life back on track.  At 24 I graduated from college and I am currently writing a thesis to defend this fall.

YOU WILL FAIL ON YOUR JOURNEY.  YOU WILL FAIL MANY TIMES OVER.  IT’S NOT THE TIMES YOU FAIL THAT MATTER ONLY THE TIMES YOU PICK YOURSELF BACK UP AND TRY AGAIN.

These are some things that have helped me tremendously and I encourage you, if you have ADHD and/or Dyslexia to do the same.
1.)	Get into therapy.  Use someone that specializes in ADHD/Dyslexia.
2.)	Get medication.  I hate taking it but it helps A LOT.
3.)	Get a note from your doctor.  You are protected under the ADA – therefore, schools and jobs must reasonably accommodate to you.  For school – it gave me 1.5x normal testing time as well as free audio books for my text books.
4.)	Exercise 3-4 times a week.  Whether it is a sport, working out, or biking.
5.)	Eat well – this will affect how you pay attention and has a huge impact on your attention span.
6.)	Use a phone or something that will remind you when you forget.  I use a calendar and my Iphone.  Utilize this for people’s birthdays – I am horrible at remembering them.  
7.)	Keep your living area spotless/clean.  The area in which you live is a reflection of your mind.  If you keep it clean and organized it will be easier for you to focus.
8.)	Download and play once a day Sudoku and Chess tactics.  This will help move your mind into more analysis and focus.  I find puzzles are easy to focus on and capture my attention.  It prepares my mind for the day.
9.)	Make a routine for yourself when you get up and when you go to bed.  Follow it.
10.)	Remove yourself from all social media – or remove the apps from your phone.
11.)	(Optional) I am religious and I am a Christian – reading the Bible and praying has helped me tremendously as well.
12.)	Find a subject or genre that you love and read.  Do the same with audible.
13.)	Find a hobby and get passionate about it.
14.)	Find something that you are successful at without trying.  Use this as a self-esteem booster or something to take a break from the grind.  For me it’s video games.
15.) Stop doing illegal drugs or smoking pot.

I am not going to go into the specifics of what the above does.  Think of the steps as a way to train your brain into what you want.  The above train you brain to focus, expand your attention, provides outlets of emotion, or are metaphors into shaping your mind.
 I appreciate your sentence about prayer being optional. I'm an atheist and it means a lot to me that you shared of yourself in a way that felt like you thought about/were respectful to me.   Also great ideas in your post! Thanks for sharing  THIS THIS THIS! Couldn't finish reading it all but I got the point. I have the same views, if you let your diagnosis lead your life you will fail.  Thank you for this, it is all great advice. One question for you, how did you study while is college? I have one year left of my undergrad and I still haven't been able to find something that works for me. I'm majoring in biology so most of my classes are natural science courses.  Okay I have another question. By the way I have ADHD and do not have dyslexia. How difficult/what was the process for receiving classroom accommodations? I think that having extra time for exams would help me tremendously. I find myself struggling with exams not because I don't know the answers but because I jump around from question to question too quickly and can't focus on a single problem. I think having extra time would ease some of this anxiety/scatterbrain. (I also am diagnosed GAD) I am looking into my school's criteria/requirements and I don't know if I would meet all of them. Examples include:

"Evidence of early impairment. The condition must have been exhibited in childhood in more than one setting." I wasn't diagnosed until my freshman year of college so I guess my symptoms weren't exhibited enough in my childhood for anyone to notice? It sounds like they are assuming every person with ADHD is diagnosed as a child.

"An assessment of the individual’s presenting attentional symptoms and evidence of current impulsive/hyperactive or inattentive behaviors that significantly impair functioning in two or more settings must be provided. In an academic setting, functional impairment is most often expressed in poor academic performance across a variety of academic tasks. In adults, work history may demonstrate an inability to retain or maintain employment." I have always done well in school, never failed a class. I think this is due in part to my parents always expecting a lot out of me as well as just being naturally gifted. I worry that they will look at my course history and GPA and think I am doing fine without any accommodations. 

Maybe I'm overthinking this and I should just jump in and go for it, but taking the first step seems very intimidating. > but to show you each of that you don’t have to let society define you

[up the punx](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YIdcDL64KCE) I would recommend meditation of some sort, even if its zoning out to Enya for fifteen minutes.  I try to think of my audience and communicate efficiently to them.  I don't always communicate well, but when I do, it's Dos Equis.  Stay thirsty friend. Well, it really depends.  If you have a letter and worked everything out with your school via your diagnosis let the professor know that you have ADHD/Dyslexia.  My professors found individuals that took legible and complete notes and then these individuals would send them to me every time we had class.  I preferred two note takers per class so that I could see different perspectives of what the professor said.  Prior to the class and receiving the notes, I would do the reading but wouldn't write anything down.  The reason is that you can give your full attention to what you're reading.  Now, because of my dyslexia and ADHD, I have no short term memory, so I have to bypass directly into long-term.  During class, I would pay attention and listen to the lecture.  After the class, I would read the notes sent to me but not do anything with them.  The day after, I would rewrite the notes.  As I wrote/typed them I would read them aloud.  This works really well for me.  I tried to expand the learning to all my senses and this allows me to remember pretty much anything.  Getting your school on board for your disability is extremely important.  Mandated by law they are supposed to supply you with audible textbooks.  They will provide a solitary room for you to test in as well as providing 1.5x the regular time other individuals receive.  In my experience, the testing accommodations was what helped the most.  It was a fight for me to get the school onboard, as well as each professor.  It is worth fighting for...you will become more successful with those accommodations.   I didn't get diagnosed until long after college, but I fell into the common pattern of procrastination. This fires off our "urgent" trigger and makes us able to focus. 

At one point I was working part time and going to school full time, and the constant threat of unknown work being tossed at me made it seem like *everything* was urgent (or could be at a moments notice), so I actually started doing my homework as soon as I got it to get it out of the way. That was such an amazing year... classmates scrambling to finish the thing I did the day it was assigned. Finally all those times my mom asked, "why don't you just do it now to be done with it?" made perfect sense.

Realistically, the way I got through college was that my major (CS) came rather naturally to me, and I was able to skate by pretty easily without much real struggle (my major didn't really involve a lot of memorization that would require a ton of studying, it was a lot of practical knowledge, which tended to be novel enough to engage me). Hey nursing student here :) I found what works the best is finding out what type of learner you are by going to a learning strategist( usually free on campus). 

I'm a very hands on person, so I take the lecture slides from class and create my own little notes that help me remember the content on that same piece of paper. These notes are from the textbook and/or what the teacher said in class. 

I find it easier to study when I take time to make the notes because I remember the moment I wrote it as I'm reading it. I also draw picture or have cute little sayings to remember content. 

I also start studying a week before every test. (AGENDAS ARE KEY AND STICKING WITH IT). I read my notes, do practice questions, but I also verbally discuss the content in a way the if I was to tell some random person on the street I would want them to understand it. 

If you have any questions please feel free to ask :)  Well for one...you would have to have notes from your Doctor or psychiatrist.  This would help you in leaps and bounds.  Also, if you were diagnosed as an adult or teenager, then you had it when you were a child.  People generally associate ADHD symptoms with laziness or obstinance.  A lot of parents will miss the symptoms or refuse to bring their child in to get checked - due to them not wanting to put their children on medications or label them.  It doesn't matter what the school thinks - if you have ADHD they have to accommodate you - they don't have a choice.  It's under the Americans with Disabilities Act.  They are mandated by law to accommodate you.  Sometimes it's a tough battle to get it accepted.  It's worth it.  Most individuals that have ADHD or Dyslexia have above average IQs.

And about the testing - I always run through the test first and answer all the questions that are easiest.  Then I'll run through it again and work on the questions that I don't know. Did you major in communication studies?  Lol if so that was my major as well. Thank you so much! Hah, nope, Computer Science, pretty much the opposite ;) check this article out - goes over a lot of stuff I found helpful.  Plus it has a weak correlation of ADHD and association of high IQs. 
 [High IQ Correlation] (https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/kids-and-adhd/201108/the-mysteries-add-and-high-iq)   I've actually been thinking a lot about that industry.  I've heard it suites people with add really well.  What are you currently doing in the field?  Was it easy to get into? I've also heard it suits us really well, and I'd tend to agree. So much opportunity for novel problem solving, and if you get a decent Project Manager, you're given a timetable with deliverable that allows you to make steady progress on a larger project without feeling lost about what to work on. 

I'm mostly working on corporate intranets (web development, front and back end) at the moment, I got into it because I had a friend who worked in the field already, but even if you don't have friends currently in the field, it's generally viewed as a pretty friendly field to break into, and once you get a job at one place, you're immediately networking with a bunch of people that can help you find new jobs down the line. +1 for computer science!! I love it. As someone with ADHD, I freaking enjoy work. Every problem is a logic puzzle. Us ADHD folk love to research and we usually have a sense of curiosity not everyone has. When I want to learn something related to CS, I hyper focus on it until I can talk about it with others. Because of that I've been able to become a full stack developer. Full stack developer is basically a job made for ADHD because you're constantly jumping from different languages and systems to another, and it never feels boring. how did you break into it?  I am currently in Supply Chain and want to jump to a different industry.   Codecademy for learning. Do a couple of projects. Make an AWS account, and you get 12 months of free resources. Make a web app or something like that on there. Within a few months you'll be able to do cloud development. Then look for projects you can put your name on, paid or not. That's all that's needed on your resume to at least get some interviews.

 I have a friend who went to school for industrial engineering and after graduating he decided to learn coding. He's now a full stack developer working on big projects making 6 figures. Took him 4 years from scratch to get to an amazing developer position. It takes dedication and hard work, but if you're like me, once you start, you get addicted. 

So: Codecademy for learning, CodeinGame for practicing programming in a way that feels like playing video games, AWS free account to build a project, and lots of googling (stack overflow is your best friend)

Let me know if you have any questions! Good luck what's the best language to learn first?  I don't have any experience with any programming. 