How do I tackle assigned reading? It's so difficult to sit down and force myself to read for my college classes. Even when I do read, I don't absorb the information. I scan the words but I don't process or retain them. Even rereading paragraphs multiple times doesn't always help. 
I take XR but that doesn't seem to help with this problem. 

What are some good reading habits? Do you guys have any tips for absorbing information better? What do you do when you just can't seem to retain any information?

Any tips or strategies would be greatly appreciated! i have all the same problems with assigned reading as you describe here.  here's what i do (obviously, you can only do this if you own the book):

* before beginning, i go through the entire book and put tabs (or post-it notes) at the beginning of each chapter or homework section.

then, 1 chapter at a time:

* first, scan through, and underline all the **bold** or *italic* words with a ball-point pen.

*  next, go back, through the same chapter again, and using a highlighter, highlight the *entire sentence* that the underlined words are in.

* then go back to the beginning of the chapter, and, using a *different color highlighter,* go back through and highlight the entire first sentence of each paragraph.  if a paragraph features only one sentence, or if that first sentence is already highlighted from the previous step, move on.

* finally, go back through the entire chapter again, choose a *different color* highlighter (sharpie makes the best ones, imho, with the widest range of colors) and highlight the entire *last* sentence of each paragraph, including single-sentence paragraphs.

by this time, i have scanned over the entire chapter four times, and have absorbed a lot more than i think.  i get a sort of unconscious sense of the "gist," or main points, of the chapter.  the multi-colored pages are much more interesting to me, and all of this combined makes it much easier for me to then proceed to do my assigned reading.

* the final step is to read the chapter.  hope this helps! Try to get it in audio form too. Take notes while you are reading. Use a highlighter and make an outline. 
You CAN do it. 

When I was in college I kept a big 3 ring binder for all of my classes and subsectioned it off, then outlined all my chapters. Just the process of taking notes helped me absorb the information. Highlighting also really helped. People learn lots of different ways, sometimes you might find audio works better than visual. 
 My best advice for increasing reading comprehension is writing a detailed summary of each section as you go along.  This also gives you something to quickly look through when preparing for an exam on the reading material.  If you find that a section is too much to summarize at once, try going page by page, or even by paragraphs.  Whatever works for you. Write an outline on what you're reading as you're reading it. That way it's not just you fruitlessly reading the same line over and over again trying to absorb it, you can go back later and learn from your notes. I've tried highlighting, but the page just looks too busy and I get more confused. Something that has been great for me over the years has been having the text read to me and read it along, either from books on tape or a digital voice.

 I'm assume these are text books, so I hope you can get copies of your text book digitally. I'm on a mac and have a hot key set to read a selections of text (you can find the setup under  > system pref > dictation & Speech (it maybe different foy you). As far as windows or linux, i have no idea how to set those up. I read the intro/conclusion (if there is any) of the book. It's probably the most "right brained" portion of any textbook and will likely get me a little more interested in the subject.

though, sometimes it doesnt work.

Oh, and def talk to your psych about this problem. I divide up the reading into super small chunks and I take notes as I'm reading. Each paragraph I read gets summarized into a sentence (unless it's really long, then it may have two, or if the paragraph isn't important I'll skip it.) 

This helps to get my fidgets out and I have a clear goal to help me stay on task. It's easy for me to get sucked into note taking and I'll end up rewriting the book if I'm not vigilant about keeping it short and sweet. I also check the summary at the end of each chapter if I'm unsure whether something is important or not (mentioned = important, write it down.)

Good luck! I don't read(that much), which worked for my AP government surprisingly well, but, I would go online, read terms/explanations- Then I would do my Daily Chapter Vocab and Terms.
So, for College: I'd try to find questions that are supposed to be answered in the reading-Google Them- Write down the answer to the question(then check back with book-skimming for the valuable information) I found that with the really boring, dense material, it helps to read it out loud in my most impressive narrator voice. 

Somehow I absorb it better when I'm getting visual and auditory input at the same time, and distracting part of my brain by trying to focus on speaking clearly when I read. 

If I'm really into it, I try to do a "dramatic" reading, as if my least favorite textbook was the most interesting monologue ever written, complete with hand gestures and exaggerated emotion. Somehow that makes the material seem as if it actually was interesting. 

I imagine that would be difficult if you share a tiny dorm room though!  