I'm Really Done with ADHD, I Think I Would Rather Kill My Self I've been diagnosed with SEVERE Adult ADHD for quite awhile now, and I've been on and off again with Vyvanse because I really don't enjoy how it makes me feel and I've tried pretty much every other ADHD medication and they're all dogshit.

Firstly I was really enthusiastic about the whole "being diagnosed thing" and when I was I thought I could get better it answered a lot of questions I had and it made me realise maybe its not me just being fucked in the head, I actually have something making me fucked in the head. 

The medication Vyvanse I had was really good at first It helped me and I felt euphoric etc etc... the side effects I experience are fucking horrendous it only started after taking it for a pretty long time, and I decided that I really don't want to be on this shit any longer because its just making me feel horrid. The Vyvanse crash I experience is horrific and I can't handle it anymore, aka FUCK VYVANSE. 

I decided to try it again because I was starting a new job, and this is how I really realised how fucked ADHD actually is. When I got my new job I was pretty anti social didn't go out much etc etc, after a few months I came out of my shell and I went out with my work mates and I even found a girl I really liked and she actually invited me to go out with her which is pretty massive because I haven't had a relationship in a hell of a long time. And we went drinking and I realised how fucking annoying I am to be with, I saw such retarded shit I blurt out dogshit and I never get any replies which I'm used to anyway. Anyway, I got home really late I got completely smashed and pretty much hyperfocused on every single thing that went on that night. I pretty much fucked everything up barely spoke to her because there was so many fucking people and when I did have a chance to speak to her I talked just utter fucking dogshit just annoying trash non sense, and I really felt like she made a huge mistake asking me to come out drinking with her and her friends.

After that fuckfest that just happened all I could think about is how badly I don't want to ruin this.... shes a really good looking girl and I've been crazy about her the first time I met her and I actually built up the courage to ask for her number. So I tried talking to her again and she sounded keen to go on another date with me and we kept talking, and I just talked about dogshit again and I got no reply and I haven't got a reply after I started talking about shit, she hasn't replied for about 10 hours to my last 3 messages, at this point I know I fucked up again because my AD fucking DOGSHIT HD fucks everything up in my life I'm a annoying little cunt the only friends I have don't talk to me anymore because they can't deal with my bullshit, I've failed at everything in my life got average in every fucking test or anything I've ever done, got called useless as fuck I make the same mistakes day after fucking day doesn't matter what happens or how many times I'm told I still fuck it up and everyone just laughs and I just laugh to rub it off because I just don't give a fuck anymore, anyone who actually gets to see how I really am really doesn't want to have anything to do with me, fuck this shit. And then I change my mind  the very next FUCKING day and I'm fine again. Until.... I hyper focus on shit that I said about fucking 15 years ago that I fucking regret to the maximum and it completely ruins my fucking day/week and I just change from being in a good mood to a shit one, for example talking to this girl I just met and thinking about it all week to finally go out with someone and just FUCK IT completely and think about every single possible fucking out come known to man I'll think about this shit even when I'm at work and i'll just go from being happy and talking to everyone to dead silent and keep to my self thinking about this shit.

I'm done, Fuck taking medication for this shit it only does one thing, damn man it helps me focus but at the end of the day I feel like a fucking zombie on roids that is missing half its fucking brain and I can barely even function or talk to people properly, oh and also I can't eat anything while I'm on it and it only works for a few hours of being good at work and then I turn into my normal self then it gets really fucking bad near the end of the day and I turn into some zombie non brain eating fuck head that literally can't sleep even if I take this shit in the morning that thinks about everything and I can't even function. 

Right now, I feel like killing my self. ADHD Is a fucking CURSE FUCK this shit I don't know what I fucking did to deserve this and I'm sick of people saying how this helped them with ADHD and blah blah blah, I've tried to be optimistic for so fucking long to try and lie to my self saying oh man it makes me crazy good at so many things, man those things are fucking dogshit that im crazy good at I'm so fucking happy I'm a walking encyclopedia about some irrelevant dogshit that no one cares about at all. 

I don't really care anymore, I would drink my self to fucking death if I could just to get out of this fucking nightmare. Im happy for you if you don't have Severe ADHD I really am, because I cant even fucking function at all most of the time and I rely on fucking Vyvanse to make me "feel normal". And it lasts about 4 hours... cool man, and I have to come back at night for a split shift hehe... and when I was out drinking with that girl I just think about how badly I've fucked everything with her and I can't even talk to her because this hyper focusing on this shit ruining my mood is killing me...... and when I was completely drunk legit my mind is still the same I'm completely normal thinking about all this shit but I'm physically drunk and fucked... It's like what the FUCK is the point of going out for a drink when my ADHD doesn't even fucking get subdued by alcohol, liquid courage my fucking asshole.

I think about everything and everything, and I know this whole post is going to be just a filled mess of shit that makes no sense and I trail off to random shit all the time, I don't really give a fuck either. Not to piss on anyone that's all happy and function but fuck people that assume they know what its like when they don't have it or have mild ADHD, don't talk to me about it and tell me how to fix it because on my state you don't have any FUCKING idea.

TL;DR Fuck ADHD 



 

 Sorry man.  Kinda going through something similar with both ADHD and OCD.  People dont understand the mental torture of it all.  Give yourself a break.  The girl went out with you for a reason.  She will text you back.  Regarding obsessing over past mistakes, I'm always in that boat.  Its brutal.  Medication helps to a point but it sucks knowing it will wear off and I'll be back to my regular self.  I get the suicidal ideations too, it blows.  The worst part is pretending you're okay in front of other people.  My boyfriend is wonderful and understanding but he's very normal and has to deal with my bullshit.  Anyways, just wanted to say I get it, dont give up, and I hope that chick texts you back. Have you tried any other med other than Vyvanse? If not, might be worth talking to the doc about...different people react to medicines in different ways, and maybe this isn't the right one for you...

Also, lay off the alcohol when you're on the dates.  There is no such thing as "thinking normally but physically drunk"...that's the alcohol making you believe you are thinking normally....if you feel "physically drunk," the alcohol is definitely impacting/impairing your thinking and communications.  I know it's tough being on a date without drinking, but you'll honestly probably feel much more in control of the situation and your behavior if you haven't been drinking (or even just limit yourself to ONE drink or something like that). I'm so sorry you're dealing with this. I think you made a good idea by making this post to at least have someone listen. I truly mean this: if you want to PM me please do so.

I too had some depression issues and realized how much I resorted to alcohol. You and I definitely have a disadvantage, but please be aware of how much you have to offer. You have friends or family that care about you and want you to be happy and successful. 

Please take on one day at a time and focus on how far you've been able to live your life despite this disadvantage. Whether it's from Reddit, family/friends, or a therapist, keep talking to someone. You deserve attention and sympathy during this hardship in your life.  People are probably going to copy paste the suicide prevention hotline but honestly I'm in the same boat. Literally the only reason I haven't committed suicide is because I have a 5 year old daughter that depends on me. Otherwise this disorder would have overtaken me.  I completely get what you are going through.  I have severe Adhd, Red and dyslexia.  It's a daily battle.  I am 54 and worn out.  I as well am only alive because the love I have for my daughter.  The only thing I do know that helps is don't drink alcohol.  You will feel much better, I promise.  Good luck. Please speak to your doctor. Both to try out new medication (maybe you are stimulant resistant, maybe vyvanse isn't a good match for you, etc) but also because therapy is important for anyone with ADHD. If you don't have a therapist, please get a referral, particularly for cognitive behavioral therapy. There isn't just ADHD in your post but a lot of anxiety, and there are skills and strategies that they can help you  


I'm really severe too. And pretty stimulant-resistant (it's a secondary medication for me after ALL OF MY YEARS OF COPING SKILLS FELL APART and now I have to rebuild. Strattera does the heavy lifting) and a whole lot of other things. When it gets superbad, I have the skills from therapy to come back to.

&#x200B;

Please take that step. Hey man, your not alone on this, and please dont harm your self. 

ADHD can be shitty at times, especially when we get caught up in our own thoughts because our thoughts never really shut up. Which comes with the anxiety, the worthlessness, and everything inbetween. 

What else is going on in life?  I’m sorry that you feel so hopeless. Therapy can help a lot. If you feel like you are gonna hurt yourself please call 911. Life gets better, but it’s hard to see it when everything sucks.  You're infatuated man. I've been there and it fucking sucks. :/

Give it a week or so you'll start to move on if it turns out she's not interested. agreed. fucking incurable Thank you so much for posting this, I really resonated with your writing. I'm sorry you're going through this and I hope it gets better. I don't have any advice but I wanted to tell you that your post made me feel less alone/crazy and made me feel relieved.

We'll all get through this. I really can't handle the fact that I need this medication to feel "normal" but honestly it just makes me feel like shit knowing its going to wear off and it wears off at the worst time because I work in hospitality so I have split shifts and the only time I get off is really late at night so my medication has worn off and I feel like a complete and utter zombie. Which I think is another reason why I fucked up so badly with this chick I was really into. 

And yeah.... I had to pretend to other people I'm completely fine all the fucking time just so I don't hurt them by telling them "Hey I'm actually completely and utterly fucked in the head and ADHD meds don't do shit for me and I need someone to hold my fucking hand in everything I do because I can't do anything by my self without fucking something up" but instead I just say haha nah I'm good hey.   Can concure. People always think I've had more than I actually drink because on 2 beers I act like I have had 7. Alcohol is like an ADHD highlighter I really appreciate it a lot, I really needed to type this out so badly I was really REALLY wanting to end it all this past week. I'm so completely and utterly done with ADHD medication and they gave me antidepressants and all it did was make me feel more like a fucking zombie and it completely changed my personality and I have such shit side effects. I'm just done with my meds, all they did was fuck things up for me.   Yeah.... I had the expectation of people just going to say just call suicide prevention or something on long those lines. That doesn't help or fix anything, every single day is a battle for me to even keep motivated enough to go to work and then I have to get 10x more motivated to actually even want to start a conversation and then when I do I just fuck it up and talk about random shit and just go off track, and it makes me not want to talk to anyone at all. Sorry meant to write I have Rsd. It was the first time I went for a drink in quite awhile, I was on my ADHD meds and Antidepresents and after thinking about it for the past couple of days because its the only thing I can think about and it pretty much fucked every day at work because all I could do was think about this one fucking night that I completely ruined for my self, it made me think that my ADHD meds worn off and I was just a complete and utter zombie during that night.... and I fucked my only chance with a girl that I really really fucking liked.  I'm really stimulant-resistant too..... Vyvanse literally worked at its full effect for only a month? And now I'm not even joking I mainly use it in the morning so I can't go back to fucking sleep so I can actually wake up at a normal time. It does nothing else for me and all it does is cause problems with my social life and everything else, it changes my personality and makes me feel like utter dogshit at the end of the day. I wont self harm.... I just really feel like killing my self sometimes knowing im cursed with this shit. Im constantly thinking and trying to go to sleep is the fucking shittest thing EVER because everything is quiet and it just allows my brain to go complete and utter haywire and think about every SINGLE THING I did during the day and everything I fucked up every text I sent every thing I did work at work every fucking word that I fucked up. 

Everything else in my life is a mess, I had one thing I was looking forward to in my life for a long fucking time was going out with this chick I've been wanting to for so long............ for so FUCKING long, and all I did was completely ruin it I barely spoke to her I had so much to fucking drink and I really didn't want to talk because when I start talking all I do is dribble dogshit and I drinking at the pub with her wasn't a good idea either, I don't do well in massive groups of people it's hard for me to follow whats actually going on because I just fucking talk shit and change the subject every 2 seconds and everyone just rejects me and doesn't talk to me. I don't really fucking care either I'm just done with it. It happens all the fucking time. I've tried therapy for a long time, doesn't work. I don't think I will actually hurt my self but sometimes like now I feel like I could really fucking kill my self because this curse is fucking too much for me to handle right now. 

Life got better for about uhm..... 2 months? when I got this job I actually thought I was going some where in life... I was a complete and utter failure at school and uni and anything I ever fucking did.

And I even got a date with a chick I've had a crush on for fucking ages here and I completely ruined it. Life doesn't get better its a fucking joke, life gets better if you can fucking function like a normal human being, meds aren't my answer they don't do shit for me. I guess I'm just fucked hey?  Literally been 22 hours since I posted this, and I've been thinking about this the whole time.. I just hyper focus on such bullshit, it just feels like I'm wasting it on nothing and I more than likely know she doesn't even think about me as much as I do..... And I'm really scared that if she knew how much I'm fucked up because of this horrid curse.... I really don't think she would ever want to talk to me again... I feel like shit thinking about it constantly, so many things are going through my mind and I really.

Isn't infatuated meant to make you feel good? It feels fucking SHIT for me it just makes me think about everything I fucked up on because of this shit I have.  Yes....... I really can't take meds anymore all it does is FUCK me up, in the end it doesn't fix any problems I have and it makes me unsociable when it runs off, and I feel like a complete zombie fuck head. 

&#x200B;

Makes me pissed off seeing people saying how their meds helped them etc etc, I helped me at the start. when the placebo effect wears off it doesn't do fucking shit, but make me able to actually function at my work for only a few hours and I come back at night for my split and I'm just fucked I make mistakes do dumb shit.  Why not split your dose so needs dont wear off at work??? Yeah, that makes a lot of sense tbh then. People think I've had a lot to drink when I actually really haven't.  It really does sound like you may need a non-stimulant, Cog behavioral therapy, and maybe a different job. One that doesn't have split shifts. That way, you can take the meds when you need to do shit, and then rely on a series of behavioral modifications for the rest.  


Please, please please, seek help. A new therapist. I just found out one of my friends passed from suicide yesterday.  We're all a mess. It may be worth it to explain it to her, and to apologize for your actions bro. She could very well understand. 

Today's sunset does not determine tomorrows sunrise. You are aware of your shit, and that's the first step to becoming the person you want to be. 

You seem like you have alot of anger towards your self, and the world man. I'm glad your speaking about it. What do you do for a living? 

I know this may seem like a generic response, but please dont be afraid of seeking therapy. It helps. Having someone there to talk to about these things, that you know for sure won't go anywhere, and has gone to school to help psychologically. If you need help locating a therapist PM me. I will be more than happy to help give you advice on how to find one. 

 Infatuation in my opinion is a horrible thing. If you have feelings for someone and they do as well, you don't go "crazy". You're actually quite calm and excited for future outings, not worried about why they didn't text you back, etc.

Best thing you can do is try not to wallow in it. Go for a bike ride or something to get your mind off of it. That's what helped me - within a week it didn't hurt as bad. Within two I was over it.

 Tried, all it does is make me unable to sleep at all that night and it’s a lower dosage than I take in the morning I barely get anything out of it. I’m really sorry to here what happened to your friend... That really sucks...

I booked in to see one and a cancelation happened and I can get in tomorrow which is really good for me because right now I’m on the verge of breaking down.

Yep, with the job part I really don’t think split shifts are very good for my medication at all it just doesn’t work. I really appreciate it man, I work at a restaurant and I'm a kitchen hand at a really busy restaurant as well so its pretty full on all the time. I stopped going to a therapist because when I first started my new job everything was pretty good and I actually felt like I was going somewhere.... until I actually went out for the first time in a long time and I realised how FUCKED the medication is making me feel I don't feel the same at all, all it does is make me able to do something. But I just set up an appointment with her again to see her I really need to talk about all this shit to her. It's going to be a pretty big surprise for her because my therapist really thinks I was improving and things were going great for me LOL... can't wait for her to find out how fucked up its gotten... too bad its going to take 3 weeks to get into see her again. 

I also don't have anyone to talk to either, when I msg "friends" I just want to talk to them and they literally talk to me for like a few minutes in text and then it always ends with me just going on and on and on and they don't reply. I really think I should just not talk at all, all it does is make me feel like shit when I talk to them. 

And the sad thing is....... the way I made friends with people is because I just fucking make mistakes all the time and  they just laugh at it and Im clumsy and fuck shit up all the time.... and I just assume they like being around me because im such a mess. Kinda really sad when I think about it like that. 

And I also really don't understand why this girl was interested with me in the first place... I'm thinking about it constantly I didn't even fucking speak to her and for some reason she was attracted to me and we went out drinking with her friends and I barely even got to speak to her, and she wanted me to come with her to her friends place after all the places in town were closed. I was so blind drunk I really REALLY didn't want to go and I just walked home regretting every...single... fucking thing I did that night. Did I make her like me? Did I fuck something up? Why did I say that WTF??? about 10 different situations and scenarios going off in my brain all night I couldn't even sleep and she texted me back really late that night saying why did I leave? and I said I just didn't think you were interested in me.... I just wanted to chill with you and get to know you. I really regret fucking saying that too just makes me utterly sad thinking about me saying that, and what I could've said that would've been better.

&#x200B;

I already know this reply is such a massive fucking mess and it's all random and contains all jumbled up shit but I can't even be bothered to re-read any of it I'm legit just speaking my mind while typing. 

&#x200B; I feel like having ADHD makes it significantly worse? It’s like amplified by 100x I overthink everything as it is and this is just insane to the point I can’t sleep or eat or even function “normally” in my fucked up life. I personally don't attribute my ADHD to that. I overthink everything in those situations but that's my emotions talking.

I'd read up some on infatuation - it helped me when I was completely consumed previously. My overthinking of things doesn’t ever end.... and I focus on such stupid and insignificant details.  
 
Maybe it’s not assocsicated towards my ADHD but it really feels like it’s making it a lot worse. 