I struggle to read the walls of text you guys like to post here Don't you have any consideration? 🙃  


Seriously though, a TL;DR would do well in most cases. You know your text is big because you drifted away from the subject anyway so... I immediately leave the post if I see a wall of text lol  I figure this is the one place where we don’t have to act like we don’t have ADHD and where everyone understands why we vomit up wall-of-text posts. 

Having said that, I do find it ironic when people get upset at lack of response to these types of posts. lol I’m like, ‘uh, you know which sub your in, right?’ 

But I think as a community we are pretty good about teaching newbies how to break up texts with bullets so others will be willing to read and respond. 

Tl;dr You do you, but if you want to make friends you can attract them with bullet points.
 Sometimes you can get the gist by reading the first and last sentence, and maybe the first couple of comments I’m betting half the people who do this can’t focus enough to be concise OR to reread and figure out how to edit it down. 😉 I’ll be honest, I tried to respond to this in shorter terms but it ended up being two full paragraphs even then. 😂

Thing is, all those posts pretty much are people venting. They’re stream-of-consciousness things. 

And I know for me at least, it’s hard to figure out what’s sort of “extra” enough that it can be edited out. 

Also just personally I feel like more people might take this to heart next time they post, if this was worded a little nicer. (Not trying to start an argument here, or upset you, really!)  Lol I was thinking the same thing!!! If the post is too long I don’t read it despite it’s interesting title. 

I even skimmed your short post lol sorry.

On the other hand, I made a post earlier and despite my efforts it ended up being long.  ... a side effect of the meds is that I am much better at writing decent chunks of text (necessary for my day job) than I used to be. Ironic, really.

Also a \`TL;DR\` at the top of a post has a more benign name in other fields: the executive summary.

&#x200B;

... because millenials are lazy but executives are busy? I dunno. This is why I break things into smaller chunks when posting- it's so much easier to read smaller bits than wade through a wall of text lol  This sub is write only  Unfortunately, this is a common theme on this sub for obvious reasons. I think people still deserve the read, but it's up to you if you are willing.  This is actually a thing. I need regular line breaks or I can't read it, too easy to lose my place and then having to find it again amid the unending text. I second this; I'd be grateful to get paragraph breaks or a tl;dr. I'm autistic as well as having ADHD, so visual processing gets a double whammy for me.  Put more 

  indents 

  and returns

and CAPS and **bold** and all that crap

so easy to read  

&#x200B; Yep, totally agree, I see a large wall of text, I look for a TL;DR, if it's not there I just simply ignore it.

The only time I would full on read something is if the TL;DR would interest me.

Fucking hell I'm like I teacher - If your work has no name on it, your immediately going to get no marks. I have this issue when conversing with other ADHD people. I seem to tune out twice as often than with people who don't have it. I feel like we tend to be wordier and include more detail when talking because it's harder to organize and filter our thoughts, which also makes it way harder for us to talk to each other.  We are great at rambling but not great at reading. 😂 It's because they're on adderall, lol I know that when I write walls of text it really is just a stream of consciousness. And when I reread for spelling mistakes, it's almost like I have to turn off the "reading comprehension" part of my brain to get through it.

However, spacing is super useful for making paragraphs more ADHD-friendly to read imo. If there are decent spaces between ideas, then skimming is way easier and I can usually read it w/o added effort, even if it's a pretty long post.

But yeah, big-ass walls of texts are painful. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B; Ironically I feel this is too long. This is genius!  Yeah, I try to keep my posts short because I know anyone who sees a long post will instantly tune it out.  I end up skimming 

~~I'm terrible for writing long posts though~~ Ive never been diagnosed, and I can’t relate to 70% of posts on this sub, but holy shit I can relate to this. Pls Hahahahaha I’m seriously the queen of writing accidental novels. That’s something I appreciate about this sub though. I’m not the only accidental novelist. When I see a wall of text, I do struggle to read it, but I do my best because I feel at home reading something from a fellow accidental novelist. 

The TLDR does definitely help, but I don’t get upset if I don’t see it. I mean I didn’t even know what TDLR was for a long time, so maybe they don’t either. 

I just like that every weirdo adhder is welcome on this sub, even the novelists like me.  I read the first, the middle and the last sentences. Usually gives away 80% of the content. I totally expected a wall of text here Exactly! Ya'll swear like we have the patience/attention to read a damn essay. Me too.  I'd like to read it, but I simply cannot focus that long.   Lol I just scroll straight to the comments to get an idea of what's going on. Sometimes if the comments intrigue me enough, it gives me motivation to actually read the post Same  I will use this soon, somehow! “Easier to catch flys with bullet points than vinegar!” Everyone should just have a tl;dr and that will let the reader decide if it motivates them to read the whole thing or not I do that too.  Sometimes I read the first sentence of each paragraph and the last couple sentences on the bottom. Lmao if I write some long comment I'll skim it over, realize it doesn't make sense for it to be that long and just avoid posting it because I can't be bothered to edit it down. This. 

We’re ranters without good executive functioning skills, i.e. organization and planning. 

Not sure what else you’d expect.  I agree. Implying that we don't have consideration isn't very nice... Part of ADHD is impulsive speech, hence the long monologues without formatting. Thanks for the formatting! I guess breaking it up in paragraphs would help. 

Some (most?) of the texts I see posted here could use some formatting. I swear I’m the master of skimming because I’ve been doing it ever since I can remember. I can pick out a single phrase from like 1000 words by skimming. I’m currently trying (unsuccessfully) to read a book and I find myself skimming out of habit, have to go back and reread.  This is probably very true LOL, I know I wrote up a few walls of texts on this sub after first starting on my meds  This is the kind of reaction that gives us our bad reputation and why neurotypicals don't take us seriously you know. Hiding behind your ADHD. It means we have to do more effort for those things, not that they are impossible.

 I just feel like the way this was worded is counterintuitive to pretty much the main reason why most of us are on here. 

Everyone on here either is someone with ADHD or loves someone with ADHD. We come here looking for advice, encouragement, understanding, and support. 

Someone else said it really well in another comment: “we come here looking for a place where we don’t have to pretend not to have ADHD.” Yup! Lol hence my two breaks in my 5 sentence response. 

It makes a difference!  Yes and part of that not pretending is also not having to battle through long long texts if we don't feel like it. Thát's also part of having ADHD. 
Your statement is a 2 way street in this instance lol. 

Formatting and making paragraphs helps for me. It's less daunting to read a properly formatted text than a wall of words that doesn't seem to end. I just skip it then. If it is properly formatted, I'm more likely to respond. And judging by a lot of replies here, more people than I would have expected do this in this sub.

So if you're here just to rant or vent, have at it and  textwall all you want. If you're looking for advice, encouragement, understanding and support maybe try and at least use paragraphs. Because that way you're showing us that you're thinking about our ADHD, and that makes me more inclined to return the favour.

Because yes, you have ADHD, but so do I (we)!

And finally, OP was obviously joking with his "consideration" bit in his post. He had an upside down smiley behind it and the very next sentence begins with "But seriously..." He was using a joke to make the same point I am trying to make.





 I guess you bring up some good points, huh. 🤔 I think I still stand by what I said earlier but I can see what you mean with the way you addressed everything. 

This is pretty interesting to me, given me a lot to think about! 