20 year old CS major whose failed about 40% of all the classes I've ever taken. Should I see a psychiatrist? EDIT: Aw crap. Who's***, not whose. Sorry


Hello!

I'm sorry if this may be too long of a wall of text, and my apologies if anything I say is irrelevant. 

I am a 20 year old computer science major in a community college. Throughout my entire life, I only received like 10 A letter grades on ANYTHING (quiz, exam, project, etc.) I believe the main reason why is because I fail to study effectively and retain necessary information. I don't know if it has to do with attention or not, but I'm slowly starting to be convinced that it is after evaluating myself. 

For a while I was addicted to League of Legends, but as the horrible grades kept coming I decided to get my accounts banned permanently so I would be forced to quit. I thought it was a great plan, but even then I still can't get my grades up. 

I've tried to solve my issues in many ways. I always clean my room because I've heard that to study effectively, it's a good idea to be in a clean, organized environment. I've also surrounded myself with things related to the subjects I'm supposed to be studying. For example, one of my walls in my bedroom is an entire chalkboard, so I wrote all the calculus equations and theorems that I should be memorizing on that wall. On another wall, I have a dry erase white board with all of the instructions to convert numbers to hexadecimal or build a stack for my computer science class. This semester I tried out the pomodoro technique (Study 30 minutes, relax 5 minutes, repeat) for at least 3 hours a day including weekends. Unfortunately, even though I've tried my best to study effectively and thoroughly, I failed both classes and my biology class -- all of the  classes I've taken this semester. This makes it the 2nd time I failed Calculus and I'm afraid I'll fail it next semester. In total, I've failed 6 classes in my 8 semesters of college. My current total GPA is 1.6. 

For most of the classes I failed, I tried my absolute best to pass them the entire semester (I say most because I admit to failing my algebra class by playing too much league). Keep in mind that I'm not even including all of the classes I've failed in high school. In high school had a 1.6 GPA all throughout high school, for the first two years I simply hated sitting down to read a book. Something about it pissed me off. In elementary school my mom had to convince the district to not hold me back because I failed almost all of my classes consistently. I hated homework. Middle school, I don't even know HOW I graduated. 

I am also noticing problems with my relationship. My girlfriend and I are a great couple and we've been together for about 3 years and we still love eachother.  But I notice that whenever she asks me to do something that doesn't require an immediate return, I RARELY get to it. For example she asked me to sell something for her on Amazon and to just give her the money when it's sold. I never got to that. Things like this are super common and it's a horrible habit of mine. It's something she recently called me out on. 


Anyway, sorry for rambling like crazy. 

Here comes the question that all of the above is leading to (tl;dr): 

I have the ability to focus on things when I choose to, but I lack the ability to choose the right things to focus on. When I do focus on whatever it is I choose to, I fail to retain or make use of the information. I've tried for many semesters to set great and healthy habits, but my efforts have failed. 

Should I see a doctor / psychiatrist to determine whether I have an attention disorder, or do I seem like a normal guy with a flawed mindset and bad habits? If it is the latter, what am I doing wrong? If not, what will most likely be my case?


Once again, my apologies if I wasted your time with the above text. I was hesitant in posting this because I'm afraid it sounds stupid, and that I appear to be another wannabe ADHD person who just wants drugs to solve everything. That's not the case, I'm just exploring my solution(s) to a big problem I've had all my life. 

 I'd see a doctor if I were you. I regret that I waited so long before going to psychiatrist for the first time. I'm not saying that it has to be ADHD, but it's definitely enough to warrant visiting a doctor.

As for 
> I have the ability to focus on things when I choose to, but I lack the ability to choose the right things to focus on. 

ADHD has a thing called hyper-focus. It's when ADHDer finds something very interesting causing laser-like focus. It's kind of binary thing: you either focus 100% (neglecting whatever is happening around you), or you can't focus at all. Although I wouldn't describe it the way do, it's not like I choose those things, it's not a conscious decision at all - my brain decides ignoring my input ;)

Anyway, did you read this post from FAQ: http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/16joxj/people_with_adhd_what_adhd_is_like_how_does/c7wnp37 ?

Sounds familiar? Before reading this post I never really connected my wikipedia journeys with ADHD. Like, did you know that compact fluorescent lamp (low-energy light-bulb) is actually a gas-discharge lamp (basically light is produced by many mini-explosions!), meaning it can cause stroboscopic effect (making something spinning at right speed appear stationary)? Same for streetlight sodium lamps. It's definitely more interesting than coding that API I should be coding. Reading this post, I felt like I was reading about myself. You are in pretty much the same situation I have been in until recently - I'm a computer science major and was failing or withdrawing over half the classes I would take at my community college. 

My game was World of Warcraft, and I sold my account to try and focus on school more, but just ended up playing again when I realized it didn't help. Things that did not have an immediate return, such as my dad asking to sell stuff for him on ebay, I would never do, which is just like what you said happened with your girlfriends stuff on amazon.

I got diagnosed with ADD last fall, and it took a few tries to find the right medication, but it was one of the best choices I ever made to go and see a doctor about it. I had the same concerns as you thinking I would look like a drug seeker to fix my laziness, but if that was true, you would not be writing all this, obviously you feel like something is off.

You literally have nothing to lose by going to a doctor and getting diagnosed. You can put all the effort you want into finding better study habits, but it will be pointless if you can't fix the chemical imbalances in your brain. I finally found the medication that works best for me, and my life is a night and day difference from last year. I'm back on track with college, and have found the enjoyment in learning, since I am now able to apply my focus on not just instantly gratifying things, but also things that have a long term return. I'm 23 now, and while it may seem like you wasted time up until now, it's in the past and pointless to worry about. You have nothing to lose and if you don't act now, you'll just be banging your head against the wall forever and be stuck in the same spot years from now.

Good luck man, it'll be worth it!!! [deleted] What have you got to lose? Some of the things you mentioned sound like they could be ADHD, but the best person to determine that would be a psychiatrist who would be able to figure out all your symptoms and diagnose you.

The other thing I'd say is that College/University just isn't for everyone. I went to University after high school, and I kinda felt I had no choice in the matter, as everyone expected me to go, and I thought it was absolutely necessary for me to have a degree in order to get a good job.

But when I went to University I was a mess, I didn't even manage to regularly attend classes, I got bored and found it hard to pay attention during lectures, I barely managed to do any coursework and skipped some exams too. It made me feel quite stupid, and I got really annoyed at myself for failing to manage simple things, and I blamed myself for all my problems.

But after I dropped out, I was much happier, it was a weight lifted off my shoulders and I realised that I should have never even tried going to University, and that I would have been better off if I'd just started working instead. It made me kinda annoyed that I never really thought of it as an option before.

(For context: I'm now trying to find a job in IT support, the area I was always interested in. I tried to study Economics since I found it interesting in school, but I just wasn't interested enough to study it for a degree. I also took some Comp Sci courses, and I couldn't even understand the (programming/mathematical) content of the first few lectures, so I just skipped the rest and skipped the exams too. I was diagnosed with ADHD as a child, but was never medicated for it, and I'm currently trying to meet with a psychiatrist, to see if meds would help me now.) 