Laziness vs. ADHD I always hear a lot of people saying things like "You're not lazy, you just have ADHD and it's perfectly normal" and "I can't read or concentrate because it's just too boring for me."

I get confused about this all the time and it's making me sad. Ever since I was a child, I couldn't read long paragraphs because it was just too boring for me. I'm now 18 and I still can't read long paragraphs because I just couldn't concentrate. 

I really feel very guilty about this. I feel guilty because I know that if I try really really hard, I can do it. But that takes a lot of concentration and it's very exhausting for me. 

I can just imagine people including my parents to tell me things like "just suck it up" and "you're just not working hard enough" and that's exactly how I feel. I feel like im not working hard enough even though I know I am. It's just so hard for me to meet normal people's expectations. 

I feel guilty but at the same time I feel innocent. I feel innocent because I've had all these problems since birth and I know that I'm trying my best when it comes to studies and life stuff.

I guess my best is just not good enough. 

sorry if all this doesn't make sense to you. I'm very bad when it comes to writing and I just can't express my thoughts in an organized way. 

 I have the same problem with "walls of text". I have two techniques that help me

If it's digital text, I use my mouse to highlight small blocks of text as I go. It helps to break it up visually to help keep my eyes from wandering.

If it's printed out and I catch myself re-reading lines or missing information, I'll start the paragraph over and use my finger a guide. I keep my finger on the next line of text to help me visually keep my place so my eyes can't wander.

Pausing for just a moment after each sentence or chunk of information helps me, too. It gives me a moment to digest the newest information before ingesting more.
 It made perfect sense and you DID express your thoughts in an organized way.  I think you should look into therapy for yourself. Possibly talk therapy and/or EMDR.

It is totally debilitating to your health to feel guilt feelings such as these.

You are laying it out plainly. Yes, you can do it, but it takes way more energy than it does for non-ADHD, peoples, thus it is exhausting.

Guilt about this is irrational, but don't feel bad about feeling guilty. It sounds like you've absorbed a bunch of bullshit from people that it's a mind-over-matter issue. It's totally not. I'm not sure if you've been formally diagnosed or not, but what you're feeling is perfectly normal for anyone with ADHD.

You try, but it never seems to be enough.

You want to finish the task, but you go fuzzy halfway through.

When you can do it, it feels like a huge accomplishment. Then you realize it's not hard for everyone else.

This is what makes ADHD a disorder and vastly different from laziness. Laziness would be not trying. This is something you struggle with, and it interferes with you life and desires.

TL:DR - It's hard, but it's not laziness. See your doctor about meds. Sounds like your parents are older, like way older like mine, don't worry about them. 

You wanna know how you can tell the difference? You cant. Laziness is apart of ADHD, it's really just a misconception by an outside observer who has no idea what is actually going on in our brains. Especially if our hyperactivity prevents us from accomplishing even the simplest of tasks. Hell, it took my 20 mins to write this and I did other things inbetween that I genuinely do not remember why I had to do them. It wouldn't hurt to see a specialist(s); sleep apnea (or poor sleep in general) may be a factor; perhaps there are many factors. At the very least they can tell if ADHD is in the picture. If not, they may give you an different opinion. There's no shame in asking. Nobody cares how you feel, you're just expected to function. I lf you're not able to secure a steady income you're lazy. Inhuman? Welcome to the western society. Oddly enough the apps intended to help you speed read are very helpful.
It only shows one word at a time, flashing a new word at you at the speed you want for digital text. Because it flashes them, it seems to keep my attention better.  I feel your pain. I too got the 'You're just *lazy*' and 'you're not trying hard enough!!11111'----even still do, sometimes. What I've learned to do is avoid those people as often as I possibly can.  im having this debate now after being prescribed Adderall XR and IR 25-30mg majority of past 4 years in grad school, i quit cold turkey and just on my antidepressant lexapro 10 mg. I've noticed that on Vyvanse or straight d-amp medications, i have more of a motivation problem, but less of a social problem if that makes sense. My understanding at least of how my brain works now is when i need to push, Adderall, when I'm where I need to be, D-Amp
 >. I feel guilty because I know that if I try really really hard, I can do it.

This.

Best is when you CAN concentrate, even for hours, if you force yourself to, but most of the time it seems like hell and you want to avoid it at every cost with no reason at all. Often I know it would even make me happy, but I can't imagine anything I'd like to do less.

I think knowing you could do things but you can't make yourself do them, still care enough to give yourself shit for this, is the worst combination. 

And this is the difference to being lazy, I guess, because if you were lazy, you probably would not care.  I suggest counting in three's or four's, this might sound weird coming from a guy with OCD that actually complain's that I do this, but it helps sometime's.

Example: Hi(1), I'm(2) John(3), how(1) are(2) you(3) feeling(1) today(2)?

See, that either helped you or gave you a headache... Sorry. Adding to this, I have to annotate paragraphs. An example is putting in my own paragraph headings after re-reading a paragraph a few times. I definitely do est when I can print things out (R.I.P. trees).

Annotating is a balancing act, though. Too much, and there's too much visual noise to sort through. You might try [reading highlighting strips!](https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B00E4U48XM/ref=pd_sim_21_3?ie=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=SJFQ1J50GAMPMZ46C4VR) > If it's digital text, I use my mouse to highlight small blocks of text as I go. It helps to break it up visually to help keep my eyes from wandering.
> 

I've done this unconsciously for years and never stopped to think it was and ADHD thing until someone recently posted it haha. When I'm reading, my mouse goes all around the screen highlighting lines and words as I go. I do the exact same thing when reading text on a computer but never really thought about it or even remember when I started doing it. Always thought it was just me. I use bookmarks to stop my periphery from mixing up my lines. I do the highlight thing too! Works pretty well for me. 