I'm spending the next 10 minutes Opting Out! Who's with me? Micro brewing in a bag, sure sign me up! ADHD Meetup in a town 2 bridges and 25 miles away, I'm there! At least 2 dozen Entrepreneur-ish newsletters I'll never read. Got 'em!

My inbox is insane and I'm starting to be in the weeds with following emails that actually matter. Sure I could take the time to label these. But like you, I won't! So screw it. It's brute force time. For the next 10 minutes I'm opting out of as much crap I only had interest for those precious nanoseconds months or years ago when I signed up.

Who is with me? I'll report back on my success and if you have any Pro Tips to share on how you manage your inbox, I'm (we) are all ears.

 Well, that felt good. Not sure how much of a dent I put into slowing down the flow of crap. We'll see.

I managed to do about 30 traditional 'unsubscribe buttons', then ended up with a a bunch of annoying, 'please tell us why?' which slowed me down. I then ended up with a lot of Meetup emails, so I tooled over there and turned off all the update emails. This took a awhile. So all in I spent more than 10 mins, but I probably spent more time typing this comment out. So I think I did alright! There are number of websites to partially automate the process of unsubscribing from email lists. https://unroll.me is one, but you'll come up with others if you google.  My inbox has some 10k+ emails in it. I really need to get on this.  I try and try to get off mailing lists.  Every time I opt out of one, another pops up.  Sometimes it's something I signed up for years ago but just not decided that I needed more email.  I'll keep trying though!  I just did this yesterday!  I was looking at my crazy inbox with 200+ junk emails per day.  It was insane. I started doing this back in March. As I posted earlier this week, this helped me get my work inbox from 10,000+ to 23 (as of right now). 

It's hard to stress how critical opting out is, if you care about a clean inbox.  I threw away my old email adress and got a new one about a year ago. The old one was over ten years old and oh the amount of crap I got on there..

The new one is nice and quiet, because I really only use it for important stuff. The old one still gets used when I sign up for stuff, but other than that I don't check it anymore. Everybody important has the new one anyway. I'm not the only one with 100s of bookmarks for cool shit I found ADHDing! Gmail is awesome and an ENABLER. When they added the new "primary", "social" and "promotion" folders..my procrastination devil on my shoulder just thought PRESTO problem solved! WOOT! Now it's like..I don't even have to look at that tab and stress out! What? Fifty new sales emails for companies I purchased something from ONCE five years ago? I don't see nooo evil, hear no evul, say no evul thanks Gmail! 
(But seriously I'm about to do the same thing you did OP, I'm about to unsubscribe to everryyything. Because: It's the interwebz, I can't just GO TO THE SITE DIRECTLY wtf. Dumb brain)
 I actually never realized how bad it got until Gmail made changes and started putting things into inboxes that I keep forgetting to look at. Eventually I notice, and there are hundreds of email list messages that have since built up. I end up only reading the most recent few before ticking the rest off and doing mass deletes.

I think maybe I should have one of these exciting opt-out excursions. I don't know how, but I've had the same Yahoo email for going on 16 years now...and I only get 20 emails a day!

I've always been fairly strict about marking things as SPAM, and now they include an unsubscribe service.  Just drop an item in the folder and they unsubscribe you/opt out for you.  So it just got easier to stay clutter free.

My work email though....200 messages a day and I HAVE to at least look through them...  I try to read/mark for followup/sort into folder, as much as possible....but there are currently 150 unread and 400 total in my work inbox...

Some days I'd rather quit my job than sort my email. The worst part is realizing a list you've been on for years has a cycle of emails, and you've just begun the 3rd time getting the same messages. I quite despise such mailing lists, because they pretend to be ongoing, but really are just a pool of messages sent out on a looping schedule to whoever is in the subscriber database. About every six months I'll take a few minutes and opt out of everything nonessential in my inbox.

First world problems. [deleted] I do this every 6 months or so. And thanks for my reminder. This is I will spend the rest of my shift between calls. Oh and don't forget to clean out your favorites bar in Chrome dude.  Thanks! I didn't even think about this! Just pointed and shot! But this seems like a solid idea to stop the beast.

Only drawback I see is giving strangers on the internet my password. Not being snarky, but I'm old (really) fashioned. ;-) Totally. It's something I just 'deal' with everyday and I've finally reached my limit some weeks/months ago. Finally said, "Enough!"

The sad ADHD thing is I know exactly why I signed up or receive these emails. I always have the best intentions of reading or getting involved but never do really, or to the extent I thought I was. 

 I wish I had the 'ahem' (5alls) courage to do this.

The problem in all this is GMAIL (anyway) refuses to forget email addresses. I inadvertently did this a couple years ago. Finally ditched Comcast and they stopped forwarding our emails to our new addresses after awhile. I had already changed my 'reply' address and had made a note in my sig, but I still get people today asking what's wrong with my Comcast account. Or worse, my wife has jumped around a bit and only uses her 'work' email. I see people sending email to her email address from 2 or more companies ago! Maybe this is the right strategy? ;-)

 It really felt good. Still riding the high! I think I'm going to try the uroll.me mentioned tomorrow and see what that does. 
 Funny. Sorry if this is a cry for help! ;-)

I mainly use GMAIL to host all my mail, and it does a good job with spam. No opt out ability. But spam really isn't my issue. These are all legit emails I at one time thought I needed to sign up for, so it's shame on me for signing up.

My big problem is I have 5-10 main email addresses I use. At one point this all was according to plan, but the volume of email has creeped up over the years. And to be honest I forget what my rationale was long ago for all these addresses. Now it's just a huge mess. My goal is to get to the point I can see only real emails I need to act upon.  Verses the needle in the haystack they are now.

Here's my cry for help. People are getting pissed I don't respond to their emails. I already gave up on Voice Mail. My outgoing messages are basically 'don't leave a VM since I never check it.' I know this bugs a lot of people, but if I don't answer the phone they need to txt or email me then I'll call them back. I know this is crazy, but I just loathe to check vm for some reason. I know it's retarded (in a bad way.) 

 Funny. I haven't actually checked but that sounds right. 

The original repost. Whaaat? This is a great post! I never realized before how distracting these stupid emails are.  ... how they can be such a time suck.

I respectfully disagree with your post. You may not have found this suggestion helpful, but I sure did! Hey, sorry to bring you down. I'm in an exceptional good mood today and was trying to have a bit of fun while being productive at the same time. 



 what? no way! I cant clean out my favorites! That's one part of my life that remains semi organized. Plus, one day I'll get around to some of those bookmarked projects and I'll never be able to find them otherwise. It's hard to stop giving a f*ck, but I think sometimes it's important. Like I said, all really important people have my new email.

Also if there is something important that I **really** need to know about I'm sure it will reach me. My mobile number hasn't changed in about 10 years. If somebody needs to reach me, they can just call. I know it's oldfashioned, but it doesn't produce so much clutter. :D Autoresponder. Set one up for each non-used email. "Hi thank you for contacting us, we're no longer available at this address, please direct your message to insertatemaildotcom" It might be worth it to get visual voicemail.  If you have Sprint, google voice is free to transfer your number.

I havent checked vm in over a year, not really,  Google Voice lets me read it as a text message (though transcribing is still lame sometimes).  If I can't understand the text, but it seems important, I can always hit the play button and listen to it instead. But I don't have to go through voice prompts. I can send and check texts in a web browser too, though its annoying that you can only see 10 at a time...deleting old messages is a pin.

Something to look into.  I'm sure other carriers have the same thing, but they might charge 10 bucks a month.

Worth it in my opinion.  It also lets you get away from, "hang up and text me" as a greeting. Though I also pretty much know that anyone worth listening to the message, has a mobile and can text. The other calls are usually bills/polls/automated messages about bank or school which transcribe pretty well. The only ones I really have a problem reading are from my 9 year old.

:) A post on reducing the number of distractions is valid for r/ADHD, I think. Setting a time limit to deal with distractions counts as a mini success!  I have 80% of my wardrobe planned in organized bookmark folders. It's been so long half the links are broken now or the product doesn't exist.  The prob with this is you need access to the account, which I don't have. :( I do have GV for home and office phone numbers. Was on Vonage for years then realize how dumb that was. Purchased a couple [ObiTalk](http://www.obihai.com/) devices. But my cell I just haven't done this, yet.  That wasn't explicit but I see the the point now I guess. haha, I probably have some too. I should check. 