That feel when someone is frustrated at you for your adhd and pulls this shit me and my SO are in a rough patch right now and they sent a long block of text, and we've all been there, and i had trouble reading reading and comprehending it. They got mad at me for this and went on to mock and belittle me by sending everything in short lines of words.

that shit hurt, dude. Fuck that.

When they've cooled off, I highly suggest saying how much it hurts and making that a hard boundary. Your significant other should understand and be empathetic about something so difficult, not make fun of you just because they're upset. My partner disgustedly said "Oh, my GOD" when I repeated back the first two of the five turns they were trying to relay to me, because I couldn't remember all of them. Because I "just wasn't listening". My partner is an asshole, and I deserve better; if this is the sort of thing your SO does regularly, you deserve better, too.


 You deserve someone who treats you better.

Someone that mocks your disability in a moment of high stress is not someone that's on your team. 

You deserve someone who treats you with dignity. That's just mean.  

The irony of this is that while I comprehend better when things are short and sweet, I also think ADHD is what makes me tend to write "War and Peace" when a single paragraph will do. Mocking and belittling isn't normal! Even in arguments that every couple has.  Don't let yourself get treated like that! I'm so sorry you're being treated that way. I totally know how it feels. Just happened to me today in fact. Yesterday too. By people who love me and understand I have this condition. But it's like they were frustrated and forgot - couldn't help themselves. I wonder if we were walking slowly due to a physical injury if they'd argue with us about walking so damn slowly. Probably not. I think it's important to educate others about what ADHD is and how it impacts you under certain circumstances. However I've found a lot of resistance from people when I try to explain it on those terms too often.  But if you haven't mentioned it in a while, perhaps when you calm down you could have a calm and empathetic and understanding talk with them and try to explain how your brain processes things and that doesn't make you stupid but sometimes you'll take longer processing the info or will need clarity.

Good luck! My girlfriend tags me in facebook posts of other people that feel to me like they are the length of a novel and gets upset with me when I don't read them.  That's obnoxious. I'm sorry that happened to you!

We all do things and say things in the heat of the moment that hurt people. Try to step back a little and see if this is a pattern of them being mean and hateful about your adhd or if this is a one off thing.

I would also like to know what(if any) steps you took to make sure you understood that wall of text? Did you break it down and respond to each individual thought before reading more? Did you take notes as you were reading it to make sure you didn't miss anything important? Did you start your response off by saying, "I may have trouble responding to everything, so if I miss something, please remind me and don't take it personally"? 

While it can be more difficult for us to remember everything when it's given in one long breath/text, it doesn't mean we are absolved from the responsibility of working to understand, and that often means implementing coping strategies like the ones above. 

I'm sorry you're hurting and I hope you are able to find a solution to your relationship struggles. Relationships are difficult at times, but if it is all work, you may need therapy or you may need to end the relationship.  Your SO tried to fuck with your dignity and self worth. They should not be a SO for long. Damn, I'm sorry to hear that!
Look, no one should judge you for this Gift/Curse... I'll be honest with you, it really sounds like this person isn't right for you.... or for anyone to be honest, if they're going to belittle you for issues with Attention related Comprehension.... I think all of us understand how it feels, and no one deserves to be treated like an idiot because they're rocking ADHD... We have a daily struggle.... It's hard to maintain relationships and jobs as it is, but to be so damned insensitive, is just wrong, and it's flat out childish!!! I'm sorry, OP. I know that's upsetting.

Someone recently broke up with me and among the issues they listed was "You still send seven texts when one long one would do". Of all of the things they said (and there were a few) this one was the most hurtful because it's not something that's easy for me to correct.  I text like I think. It's scattered; It comes in bursts. It can be frustrating to be me. I know it's fucking annoying... I live with me. 

 I second some of the other comments, you definitely deserve better. That kind of shit is borderline abusive. I'd call that relationship quits before it gets worse. [deleted] You do deserve better!  Did you dump them? Someone on this reddit once said something to the effect of, "It's not that I'm not listening to YOU, I don't even listen to myself." :(  Fellow War and Peace-er here. I typed a bunch and deleted it because I realized just this would do.   I begin to compose War and Peace in my head, but a few lines into typing it (let's be honest, sometimes before I begin to type) I just say fuck it, it's not worth it. Same oh em gee  relating to you! Sidebar: that's interesting. I had brain surgery and it was a few months recovery, but I looked pretty much normal, and I actually lost two friends because they didn't believe I couldn't do stuff. I even considered wearing a big bandage around my head! But even if people forget you have an issue, it is never ok for them to belittle you (or anyone, really). OP didn't say they couldn't. They said they had trouble. No need to be mean.  Sometimes esp under stress it really is super hard to comprehend things. Anything. In classes it made me feel soooo ashamed and stupid cause I would be like the only one sitting there trying to keep up but just couldn't. Even though I got really good grades. 

People like this had me convinced that I just wasn't trying hard enough so I tried to push myself harder and harder to the verge of a mental breakdown. 

My brain just isn't wired to pick up new information in the same way as easily as other people but I am good at learning things my own way. 

But assuming that the same way is easy for you is easy for others can make people like me and maybe OP, feel really really guilty and bad about themselves cause they figure it must be true when it comes from enough people  How do you get the little tag by your name??? I really do. This relationship has been the most miserable 5 years of my life, and that's compared to living with undiagnozed adhd and depression. Probably not the best impulsive decision I've ever made. No. We have small kids and I am in school to try to get a degree, since I've only very recently been diagnosed and my first attempt at college crashed and burned and I don't have credentials for any sort of decently paying career. I really don't want to have to try to finish school while transitioning to a single parent/co-parenting paradigm; I couldn't afford to keep going full-time. I have about 9 more months until graduation. I was listening, but after the first two I had to stop and think about those for a moment so I didn't forget them, and then I could have added more turns in. Like, you can't just rattle off five turns in a row in an area where I don't know the roads and expect me to remember them all! We're gonna have to go over this a few times to make sure I've got them... i like this  The number of times I write out a huge argument or discussion point in response to something here(Reddit) and then say, nah, I don't want the hate/downvotes/responsibility of responses or feel like I wrote a massive block of text saying nothing at all, and then end up deleting the whole thing is astronomical.

Edit: Clarification Second this  Over on the right, click the little box that says "show my flair on this subreddit" and then "edit" to choose which one you want. Well, it's something that can be fixed. Leave? Break up and/or divorce?  Ah. Well, best of luck. I hope you sort things out. I hope everything goes well for you. From one person to another.  9 months until he's gone then yeah Honestly a good navigator should be telling you ONE turn at a time and telling you a ways out and as you're approaching it, not telling you 5 turns and expecting you to remember them. Most people can't even remember three turns let alone 5, especially with ADHD...  God I know.  I'm better medicated, but man is it a struggle to keep a right dose for me. 

That said, I do find myself leaving mostly intact responses here.  Just knowing people understand and might even give a shit is nice. 

I think the biggest issue with novels is that our brains aren't ever totally quiet.  As I'm typing each few words, I'm also thinking about what else I want to say, and then tangent city happens. Sweet. Thanks :D I'm in school, with 9 more months to go. We have small kids, and I can't afford to continue school full-time if I leave. So, assuming things have not changed once I have graduated and have a job, I will leave then. I have a plan, I just have to wait it out a while longer. Thanks.  I mean, I'm going to have to have a job, and enough money stashed to get an apartment. But, yeah, the general idea is that if he hasn't gotten himself into therapy and made progress towards being less of an asshole by the time I graduate and have a job (pretty unlikely), I tell him I want to separate. This has been my plan since I started school, and at times I've wondered if staying with him was worth it because man is it fucking miserable, but I'm getting closer to the end. He was giving me directions for going someplace on my own, not navigating while I was driving. But he did just rattle them off, bam bam bam, and it was way too fast. You're so optimistic you compliment chairs.

I hope you have a nice day! I'm glad you have a plan. I hope things work out for you.  Um... thanks! 

I don't really understand what you mean.

But thanks! I hope you have a nice day, too. Thank you. 