I sat down at my cubicle yesterday and discovered that I can format my notes with HTML text formatting Unfortunately, I shaved off quite a bit of time researching useful syntax off my final number of files processed but I learned that I could make my notes stand out so people wouldn't overlook important details...which is what I'll tell management if they question me about it. "I swear this piece of knowledge will be really helpful one day."

What's awesome is when it actually is helpful. Like when I learned about UPC's in depth and then like 8 months later found myself needing to know if a UPC-E matched a UPC-A without the help of a scanner (btw I work retail, pickup specifically). Or suddenly realizing I'm in the textbook situation for that one knot I learned a year ago. Also related to work, knowing every single department number (specifically the obscure ones nobody ever needs) has come in handy once or twice in the past few months. And if it weren't for me, we wouldn't know how to print order summaries! Now if only I could just show up on time...

Basically what I'm saying is if you want to do well, be yourself by letting yourself learn a few random seemingly useless things. Obviously you need to get your work done, but I mean like you very well may be the only one *capable* of spotting certain details that can save the company a lot.

For example, one day I was messing around with our order lookup system and eventually found a way to search for orders across the entire company, not just our store. This in turn lead to us finding out that a recurring customer that regularly placed suspicious orders was placing around 8 equally suspicious orders across 6 stores in one day. Managers immediately informed the other stores and all his orders are now cancelled immediately. Tens of thousands of dollars of fraudulent activity prevented by letting on my ADHD. That's how I feel. We have a problem with people making mistakes and leaving bad notes, so I thought of a solution, making the important stuff stand out. Unfortunately, I can't just sit down and do my job like everyone esle, I gotta do something extra, or important. Like solving issues. I showed one co-worker and she's like "I don't care, I just write my (shit) note and move on". Everyone I talked to in management places so little importance on notes, but then complains when someone makes a mistake. 