How do you convince friends/family not to interrupt you at work? My friends and family, especially my wife text me multiple times a day during the work day. I'm a knowledge worker, and this disruption in my focus is a significant problem. I have tried just not looking at them and/or not responding while at work, but they inevitably leads to significantly more relationship labor, typically during the same work day, resulting in even more time and attention wasted.

I'm not a big texter to begin with, to be honest I'd be happy of I didn't have it at all, but for a variety of reasons having text service turned off is not an option for me.

I have tried talking with them about this and asking them not to text me while I'm at work, or at least not expect me to respond to texts while I'm there, but it hasn't worked. They seem to think that I'm blowing this problem out of proportion.

What tactics have you successfully used to get friends/family to stop demanding your attention at work? There’s not much you can do other than set a boundary and enforce it. 

“I am unavailable between this time and this time. I will not be checking my phone. If there is an emergency (serious accident, death, etc.) either call and leave me a message or call the office.” 

Do not give into the inevitable attempt to push those boundaries. Turn your phone on silent. Your wife texts you 25 times in an hour about something trivial? Oh well. She knew you were going to be unavailable. 

Will this create more relationship labor in the beginning? Yes. Will it be worth it? Also yes. 

You’re not responsible for other people’s feelings. If they have a problem with you not being instantly available at their every whim, then that’s on them. It’s unreasonable for them to expect you to respond right away, all the time.  Well I mainly ignore my incoming messages completely. But like you're saying that sometimes results in more time wasted when I do contact them.
Not sure how to properly handle this. Would like to know too! Let me know if you can figure this out... I disabled all messaging notifications and it just leads to panic when I glance at my watch and see 16 unread texts. Then spend the next hour responding to them with accompanying conversation. It sucks. Then go home not getting what I had planned on getting done finished only to struggle to finish at home only to stay up after family has gone to bed to get it done in silence, only to lose sleep and rinse and repeat tomorrow. 
ADHD sucks. I don’t look at my phone at work and if I was using my phone for work I just ignore personal texts social media  If you do decide to do this, there are apps that let you automatically turn on do not disturb mode for certain contexts (time/location). Tasker for android is an example. There's really no other way around it. When I was in university my mom always called me while I was in class and unable to pick up. It took time to train her to text instead, and we would fight about it during the transition period. But then she figured it out, and the fighting stopped. 

You have to hold your ground. It's the only way they'll learn. Be patient and kind as they figure things out but be firm about your boundaries.  Actually there's an app called if this then that or IFTTT. You can actually make it so it'll put your phone on do not disturb when and notices that you're at a certain location like work. It will also automatically send out a text when you leave said location or you can even set it on a timer. Super helpful but I haven't used in a long time. 