Studying help: What are some tips for reading/staying focused on reading? I'm in college right now and have to read some excerpts and books that are very dry and find I can't read longer than one or two paragraphs before I lose interest. I have tried to force myself to read longer but even when I'm not slinking off to do something else, I just stare at the text blankly and sort of stop processing it.



It's not just "boring crap" I have trouble reading either, it's stuff about things I love as well that I had no trouble reading when I was younger. (Magazine articles, comic books, novels) now I just can't get it through at all. However I find that I can read through long or short wikipedia articles with no problem so I often rely on those for studying nowadays. I can also get through novels in audiobook form.




I have tried listening to exciting music (without lyrics) in an attempt to make the reading experience more relaxing or exciting, but that still doesn't work.



Anyone else have a similar problem and some tips that could help?



***
Sidenote: I've stopped taking medication since I was 18 due to my mom's suggestion even though my doctor didn't recommend it for my case. If the text is copy/pastable, copy the text into Spreedr...it engages out ADD minds more and you can actually focus on reading it better. hth.  I often imagine Morgan Freeman narrating my books for me, it seems to make the reading a hell of a lot more interesting. 

When that fails, I go to other people I also find have an amazing voice. Annunciating the important words in your head can go a long way!

Also, I second what TreesandFlowers said; talk with your doctor about possibly getting back on meds. They're one of the few things helping me succeed in college. Thank mother for her recommendation and go back to your doctor to discuss. Even though her intentions are right she doesn't know what she's talking about. 

For me it sometimes helps to read while I'm on the exercise bike or earlier in the day when I'm more awake. 

But reading is almost always hard for me. Well, reading isn't that hard. I read; I'm just not paying attention at all. Pages will go by with no idea at all about what I'm reading.  Read interactively. 

Did they have you do annotations in high school/college? Like that. Get lots of pens and pencils and highlighters and post it notes. Mark the shit out of your reading material. Underline or whatever parts you think are interesting or incompressible. Write your reactions in the margins, even if it is "The author is an asshole. I can't believe he wrote this crap." or "I have no fucking clue what he is talking about here." Draw arrows to parts that link. Bracket off sections. Put in definitions. Relate it to parts of your life, people you know, movies you've seen, video games you like. Write "lol" next to things that amuse you, or phrase that you find especially charming. Anything. If you think something like that will be distracting for you next time you go through it to study or whatever, make photocopies, or buy two copies of the resource.

I also thought \u\DivergentChemist's suggestion to read out loud with someone else was a good one.  Take turns reading with the other person. Either of you should feel free to break in when or if one of you doesn't understand something or, on the other extreme, finds something to be really interesting.  I was diagnosed as an adult (long after college) and experienced your same problem until I sought medication and developed some customized habits for myself. The biggest problem I had was self-criticism and judgment. I would look at everyone around me in the library and they looked to me like they could read for hours on end without getting bored and wandering off. This would cause a spiral of self-loathing whenever my mind wandered. What I learned since is to accept that my mind wanders; that's how I learn. Remember: it's not about how other folks learn, but what what works for *you*. 

So I say, embrace your two paragraph limit. Set small goals, like this: 

1. Read two paragraphs and stop. Mark where you stopped.
2. Close your book/window and write down what you remember for 5 minutes. 
3. If you can't recall what you read, just free-write for 5 minutes about your goals for reading this assignment. What purpose does this reading serve? Why do you think it was assigned? What does it have to do with your class or that week's discussion? 
4. If you still come up empty, that's ok. Move on to the next section and try again. 
5. If you reach the end of the reading and are still lost, send your prof or T.A. an email requesting a brief review the article in the next class. Hearing the summary may help you to get it.

These techniques have helped me when my work bores me and my mind starts to scatter. And don't be discouraged by how long it takes you to get through a reading, if you keep practicing, you'll get faster. 

And finally, see if your school has a tutoring center for folks with special needs. I know it sounds stigmatic, but the folks in those centers will have great suggestions and tools to get you through. 

Some tools that might help:

[Pomodoro Technique](http://pomodorotechnique.com/)

[How to Read in College](http://www.swarthmore.edu/SocSci/tburke1/reading.html)

[Skimming Exercises](http://www.uefap.com/reading/efficien/skim/skim.htm)

(edited for formatting) Holy shit, this really worked O_O, that was the first time I've finished reading one of my required excerpts for a class this semester. Thank you so much for this! That's probably why audiobooks are so effective lol, thanks for the tips I'll probably see my doctor again when I can. That excercise bike idea does sound like a great idea. I'm always looking for something to watch while I'm working out. Might as well catch up on reading haha. Thanks!
 Unfortunately most of my textbooks now are ebooks/pdfs, but I'll probably try to take notes while I read. :D
 Dude (I assume male in internet-speak, no offense), I don;t know how I did law school up until this semester without it. I can read a case that used to take me 30 mins, in like 5. fucking revolutionary. Cheers!  Oh. It could still work, but not as well....better if you have some chrome add-ons, though ;)

Sorry.  