Skipping lines and words when reading? Hello everyone!

I have been diagnosed with ADHD a couple of weeks ago (I never thought I had it, I thought there were more symptoms of depression) and since then I have been trying to dig up more information about this.

After telling my therapist about my reading/focusing problems, she didn't say a thing about it. So I am curious as if this is related to ADHD, depression or what other thing. Highly doubt it is dyslexia, I don't think that's the issue here, after doing some research I barely can relate to any of the symptoms.

This has been like that all my life, though. Studying is painful. I sometimes have to go through the same page 30 times in order to actually comprehend what I just read 29 other times and it's frustrating; reading a guide and skipping words, then realizing I skipped 5 steps that were right in the middle of the page; hell, even reading a very short reddit comment can sometimes lead to me skipping words.
This also occurs when I am typing, I can omit words or write them twice because either my brain thought I wrote it or I did not.

Not sure if this is the right place to even ask this, but I am in need of help. Does anyone else experience similar stuff? Not only being unable to focus (if only that would be the problem, it would be a piece of cake) but also being unable to read when I am trying to do my best job.

Sometimes I feel like a total dumb when my sentences don't make too much sense because I wrote the same thing twice/forgot to write down a specific word or when I skip a complete paragraph and the text doesn't make too much sense because of it.  
It feels so damn sad :( At least in my opinion, this is a pretty regular thing for us. It's 99% frustrating but in those beautiful moments of hyper-focus/clarity, I can sometimes speed read with amazing comprehension. 

Be aware of those little diamonds in the rough. And remember to breathe <3 I do it too and then reread. No tips sorry... I did this with your post, lol.
I find doing this helps me read and comprehend. I sometimes read articles and essays backwards, like last paragraph, second to last and so on, and could never figure out why.  My strategy is to read it very quickly several times. Because it's physically uncomfortable to slowdown and read every single word. 