Any tricks to improve reading without drugs? Do you guys have any tricks to improve reading skills without having to be on adderall/ritalin?

My biggest issue with ADD is the ability to sit down and actually read a book.

Within 2 minutes or so my focus immediately changes and I start to think about something else.

It's not fun... 

I've had to resort to audiobooks and podcasts but it means that a lot of material, like mathematics and text books, are not accessible.   I have a hard time learning new information by reading it in a textbook format, too but do much better if I have at least a little bit of understanding of the subject first. One thing that sometimes helps is to look at all the charts, diagrams, summaries, etc first to get an idea what the text is about. That way when you read the written part you feel like you hav some idea what it's talkimg about and your brain can "file" the information a little better.  I have even read a "For Dummies" type book first then the actual text. I guess it gives you a framework tp store the info. Otherwise my brain feels loke a cardboard box with crap just tossed in....or worse, sometimes a toiletbowl where the stuff I want to remember just gets flushed away :) Work/school reading: I bring the material alive by talking to myself about it. I may imagine myself debating it with the author for example. And I keep paper and pen nearby so I can draw the material or write out some words, the writing is never lineal though, I wouldnt be able to read it back to myself later.

Leisure reading: When I'm not dealing with depression, I have no problems going into hyperfocus mode. I use passive distraction when I'm really trying to focus on a task. Usually music I might occasionally sing along to, or put on a movie in the background that I've seen already. That way the part of my mind that wanders and gets distracted has something to focus on that doesn't disrupt my concentration on my task.

Alternatively, you could try walking around and reading (not sure how well that works with a heavy textbook), or reading the text out-loud in an entertaining way. For example, read it in a silly, sing-song voice, or try different accents. Or as you read, go over words that remind you of something else, or make puns, etc. I find that procastinating is the best cure. 
It's amazing how all of the sudden you can read 500 or so pages in 9 hours time when an exam is 9 hours away! 