Reading out loud? Whenever I need to read something to a class I will try and find the place I am going to read before hand and I will read it over and over again in my head, then when it is time for me to read I have to drag my finger to each word I am saying so I don't stutter or stumble over my words. I love reading but when it is time to do it out loud I sound like a 1st grader trying to read. I don't know if this is due to my ADHD or something eles I have. I just wanted to know if somebody eles has the same problem? yep. Can't do it very well at all. Its a processing speed thing: you read faster than you speak, and keeping slow with your voice is boring. I find it best to pre-read the section before trying to speak it.

Also, who reads out loud anyways? It's probably just an underdeveloped skill that anyone would have problems with. IT is something that you can fix with practise. When I was in grade school or younger, we used to read after school as a family. We would even take turns reading aloud. In 1st grade i was in remedial. but by the 3rd grade I was reading advanced books 3-4 grade levels above. And now I can read aloud very well, some times too well. I will find my self reading one thing, saying it, but thinking something completly different, like about dinner, or stuff. If its something i haven't read before, and someone asks me questions i'll be like .. uh i totally don't remember reading that. SOo my  TL;DR.. KEEP PRACTISING, you can get it.
 For a second I thought you were going to talk about how easy it was to read out loud and I got sad. 

Reading out loud is one of the most painful things I can do. Hell, I can barely listen to people reading things out loud. Forget books on tape, I end up lost and nearly in tears trying to keep up with the story.  I love reading out loud, and am fairly good at it--but I don't try to understand what I'm reading as I read it, it's more like I'm acting. Either I get the 'comprehension' part out of the way with a quick skim first, or I concentrate on emphasizing the right words and read it later to myself to really understand it. I was just listening to the book Delivered from Distraction, and the authors noted that the easiest way to check for dyslexia, which often occurs alongside ADHD, is to ask the person to read aloud and see if he/she can do so easily. If not, it can indicate a lack of fluency that can mean there's some dyslexia. Here's a link to google books: http://tinyurl.com/mlghyap

If reading aloud is the only kind of reading that gives you trouble, then I would think dyslexia was unlikely, but I don't know much about it. My understanding is that dyslexia treatments can make a big difference, so if there's a chance you have it, it's probably worth getting tested, especially if you're still in school.  Well I'm almost done university and I can't understand anything I read unless if it's out loud. Fortunately I have accommodations for tests so I can rock back and forth and read to myself long enough to understand what it says and look like a psychopath.

I say whatever helps you read, great! It's not weird at all. And if you do have a learning disability and have found that reading out loud and following with your finger helps, great too! It means you have found a way to overcome that obstacle. That takes skill and should be applauded!

Edit: My husband has dyslexia (which he is very unhappy about still) and has to read with his finger (and I love him no less!!!). If you're concerned, get tested. It'll only be better in the long run! I can read out loud quite well, but I have theatre training that taught me the skills necessary for it. Also I turn it into a performance and add voices and emphasis and inflections to keep it entertaining.

A tip if you are self-conscious about using your finger: use a bookmark or a note card to underline the line of text you are speaking from, to block the next lines of text from view. It is a forced filter that helps your brain focus on the words you need *now* rather than trying to interject the words you need in a minute. Move the card to uncover each line as you need it. It looks more professional than a finger. Lots of people claim to need a card to read due to poor eyesight, but I honestly think they're just mild ADD'ers that have learned to cope.

It also helps if you enlarge the text and put lots of white space between the lines. This is easiest with digital devices or documents that you can edit and print, but you can scan or photocopy books and documents at enlarged settings too. HATE IT! Especially at my job when we have a training class or something.  Even when I read to myself, I have to re read paragraphs and pages sometimes because I forgot what I just read.  
At work, In case I have to read something out loud I read everything to myself 3 or 4 times so I don't sound like a dumb ass. Although reading a blog, article, or reddit, I am more then fine. weird. 

My brain skips ahead before I can get there. It is like a time sync issue with my brain and my mouth like a bad b movie. I do this with conversations with people as well. So I will either forget where in the story I am, or I skip ahead and then I backtrack, then like, oh forget it, never mind.. Sigh.. 

 I have to say for books, Audible is my best my best escape. I'm also an introvert which may contribute to it as well. 

Now that I think of it, I haven't tried reading since I started my medication. I must do that tonight.  When I have that moment when I realized I didn't pay attention to the thing I just read, I do it again but imagining a Shakespearean voice actor doing it.  Can't do it, when I try to I sound like I'm illiterate. 

Funny enough I just read a newspaper headline out loud at work during lunch and I got about half of the words wrong.  Yeah, I'm in the same boat as you. I actually find that reading it out loud over and over again in a tiny whisper so that no one can hear me helps even more. You don't even need to make any noise, you just mouth out all the words and say them in your head once or twice and I find that this helps more than just silently reading it in your head with out saying anything at all.  Happens to me all the time, i speed read and get every word in my head, but when i read aloud the words jumble and ill say the wrong word or mispronounce it. I actually feel the same way.  When I have to read something (usually off of a screen or phone) I have to high light it to keep my place.  I usually read it before hand and then substitute what it says with what I think it should be said instead (or how I would say it). Your issue isn't something that I've experienced myself, but I've worked with a lot of students who have. Oral reading fluency problems can be difficult to overcome, but not impossible. I think this article, particularly the section on Instruction and Remediation in Fluency, would be helpful for you. 

http://www.ldonline.org/spearswerling/Preventing_and_Remediating_Difficulties_with_Reading_Fluency



 I find that when I read I have to drag my finger on the page or have it in large font.

But I actually read some things out loud because it helps me focus. Interestingly after I read out loud for a while I began to speak more fluently in general and also it started to feel natural when I read out loud. Thank you! I had a women tell me that I should get tested for a learning disability because I had to use my finger as a guide when reading something to her, that's the only reason why I was asking. I can only listen to books on tape if I am doing something like walking or driving. Otherwise it's too slow. 11 hour tape deck or 3 hours reading.. how is it surprising? This is why I was never suspected of ADHD!  I was a brilliant reader, fast, articulate and dramatic.  I was the go to read aloud kid when others failed at pacing or big words. 

Ask me a question about what I read, or to describe what was happening.. Crickets.  I had ZERO comprehension skills.  I'm still that way.. Cliff notes are my friends :) You make me want to frolic in a field.
 Ps. The last time I had to present something was 4 years ago in first year of university. My voice started to go up and down like a prepubescent boy with EACH WORD because I was so nervous... which made me start to laugh UNCONTROLLABLY in between because of how truly stupid I sounded.. which all became so unbearable I started to cry/laugh/prepubescent boy all together while trying to present to the point where I couldn't talk at all... So I just started walking back to my seat, trying to calm myself down.

The whole class was laughing with me (albeit mostly in pity/awkwardly) because they knew I was nervous and then when I started to walk back to my seat (hoping I'd get by on the effort) the prof asked me if I wanted to try again at the end so that I didn't fail the presentation. o.O

Such a WTF moment. I had no friends in the class to console me afterwards/to laugh about it later with either.

I don't think reading with your finger is a big deal at all.. I would just make up a funny story about why you do it to take the edge off of it. Humour is a great problem solver. :) I don't read aloud, but when I'm focusing on doing something I will either be quietly muttering to myself or humming. It's like a little bit of my brain needs to entertain itself so it just narrates my thoughts or sings songs to itself.
I usually don't realize I'm doing it until I start getting weird looks. Especially on tests... aside from early gradeschool, I didn't do much reading aloud until I started reading to my son. I've spent more time working on cursive writing (which is terrible), but noone would criticize someone's cursive nowadays.

if you don't need your finger to read in your head, I wouldn't be at all concerned. If you did need your finger than I'd also not be concerned, except for possibly dyslexia (not a doctor, etc).

edit: if you can get free testing, go for it. Under the heading of know-yourself. Everyone will have strengths and weaknesses, and quantifying those can be illuminating. This. I can't listen to books on tape for the same reasons. If I want to listen for the sake of progress I just can't seem to pay attention, but if I'm getting ready or driving, then I'm taking it all in without a problem. I just never thought about it until now. lol, I didn't get diagnosed until failing miserably in college. Even then, none of my professors had a clue. :/ Aww shucks... :) Haha aww, thankfully I have a private room so I do a lot better now that I can read to myself. My issue is that my brain is going all over the place and too fast to get everything if I read it in my head. It's on at least 20 different things at once, I swear! So if I read aloud + some kind of body movement I've learned to somehow calm it down and focus it on the test. 