Texting is awful Been with my GF for 2 years now and shes basically at a breaking point cause I take so long to text back, I just get so distracted like she doesnt understand how I can use my phone yet not text her back when I'm on it, it's my fault I know it's just with all these notifications and pop ups it's really hard for me to focus on a text. And here I was thinking the WHOLE POINT of texting was that you didn't have to text back right away.  

Pick up the damned phone and call if you want to have effective discourse with immediate responses.  It might be worth checking out your notification settings and removing permissions for some of them. I also get desensitized to notifications going off on my phone if I know half of them are going to be games or meditation apps or whatever.  You can set a different ringtone/text tone for her. It might help. 

Also turn off all the other useless notifications.  Too many times I open my phone for x purpose, see an app for y get curious about something in y, do y, feel like I did what I got on my phone to do... only to realize I looked at a text and forgot to reply hours later Are you feeling like you are avoiding communication with her or do you just flick the notification away and then get buried by other thoughts or things to do?

I have an avoidance issue when dealing with some people over text or messaging if I am having a hard time with my feelings related to them. I acknowledge this and I also know it's not fair to them but I also need to be able to meter my emotional input to the situation. Sometimes it's better for them if I am non responsive because in a reactionary moment I might say something I regret.

If you are fighting or arguing over text try to defer to speak about the problems face to face. I find looking at my partner definitely endears him to me while if I am reading a message I am more likely to feel affronted. Yeah. Texting can be the worst, especially if it's asking about or needing something you're not ready to think about yet. And those keyboards are so slow and cumbersome.  You need to set some boundaries. I dont buy into the whole culture of constant communication with one another. You both should have things to do. It just waters down the time you will spend together. In my opinion anyways.  Yeah, I usually get back to people pretty quick, but only when I should be doing homework, otherwise I'd rather finish this ice cream but I'm sure you'll find my house on your own. My husband also gets stressy if I take too long to reply. Still it's better than phone calls. I absolutely hate it when people phone me. Mainly because nobody I **want** to speak to ever calls. It's usually my dad or my boss, or someone else who I know is just going to bring me stress or ask me to do something. Hmmm yeah, this is tough. 
I get frustrated with my boyfriend sometimes for not replying very quickly and I think it’s mostly just a matter of what I am sending/ what is going on. 
I’m not sure if your phone gives you little previews of the message that you just received, but if you talk to her about some way that she can be straightforward in telling you that she needs quick replies at that moment, that could be helpful in making it so that you don’t need to be instantly replying always , but can still understand when she needs a response  try to get her to use some chat app rather than sms. 
i hate sms' because they only alert once, and the phone may not have been nearby or something. Agree with those who question why texts require immediate response. As someone said, if something's *that* important, then an actual phone call would be appropriate. I unapologetically tell friends, siblings – even spouse – that might text me: if you need an immediate response, don't text. Call. The phone is there for convenience, not to be the master of my time. If I was working, and not retired, guess I'd be singing a different tune. I put off getting a smart phone for a long time because it annoyed me how much time people lost to their phone. I made a big point of setting myself up to not be overly drawn into my phone.

My system:

* Turn off notifications for virtually everything, except the few features I want to be notified about (calendar reminders, texts and Facebook messages, but not posts/comments).
* Leave the notifications untouched until I'm ready to fully deal with them (operates as an automatic to-do list).
* Have a point where I set aside some time to go through notifications and deal with them.

It can be a bit annoying waiting to respond to something, but again, I shouldn't be looking at my phone and reading all the messages unless I have time to respond. If I only have 2 minutes as I walk to my next class, then I just browse Facebook (trying to find a better thing to browse, maybe news or educational).

I try to not pull out my phone when:

* talking to people/engaging with people.
* I'm supposed to be doing something else (paying attention in class, cooking).

The big trick is to not start reading notifications when you don't have time to deal with them. All these tips help with that.

It works for pretty much everything except if anyone needs to get a hold of me in an emergency. But if it's urgent, people should phone me. Really? I’m the opposite? If I get a text, I text back immediately no matter what I’m doing, sometimes I even wait like a minute just so I don’t look creepy I change the vibrate tone for my SO to “heartbeat” try it, i can reply to no one else but when it buzzes that way i see and answer. I have the opposite problem where my girlfriend doesn't ever message me. I have to intitiate every conversation and prompt a reply out of her every time! We've been together for 1.5 years and it the level of responses comes and goes, but when it's bad still sets off my RSD every time! When we're together she's quite loving, but when we're apart it's like I wouldn't hear from her unless I forced a response out of her My husband isn't always the best at texting back, so if I need to get in contact with him, I call him. Is that something she'd be willing to do?  What is wrong with kids these days  Maybe agree to call instead of text if its a non urgent thing/conversation. That way you can both get/give attention equally. But I'm not trying to be mean, but you could try and prioritise texting her back. If you can't then fair enough move to phone calls only, would be much kinder for you both  I hate texting, too.  Texting is frustrating.  I prefer the phone, email, or even in person. First thanks for reminding me why I actually picked my phone up in the first place instead of answering the text I'm reading this 

 I feel like we actually do answer the text just in our heads we forget to text it or start texting then get a phone call then ..... And never hit the send   or we think to much what to write and keep pushing it off 

I just ask ppl if you don't hear back text again or call 

 LOL. Excuse me. I shouldn't... I never texted in my life. And to read "...shes at a breaking point..." Sorry, I find it hilarious. 

My god man. What sort of priorities have you kids these days, lol.

 Agreed. 

I'm not going to give OP relationship advice as to what he should do.  What has worked for me, however, is to find someone that understands and accepts the nuances of our gift. 

I can't change others. What I can do is communicate (verbally, sitting down and talking about this when neither party is keyed up about it or anything else) and talk this through and come to a happy medium that accommodates both party's ability to respond and expectations of when/how the response should be sent. 

Playing a mental tug-of-war of trying to bring the other to my position, without communicating to each other where both are coming from, won't fix it, and won't end well. I speak from experience.

Good luck.  A gf/wife is someone who will tell you to drive safe and then send 300+ texts wondering why you're ignoring her  I fully agree with this. I have every single sound turned off and only visual notices for texts and calls. Every notification knocks me completely off track otherwise. This is what I do. I find dealing with people draining, so I often ignore text messages. When I got married though, I realized that I had to make communication with my wife a serious priority. Now she has her own special text buzz and notification color, and that helps me keep the priorities straight.  haha, if *that's* the case, then you really need to find a partner who's less needy.... but that's just my opinion.  Was a joke :P  