Please help. I have public meltdowns so bad I’m scared I’ll get arrested A bit of background: I am an adult female with ADHD. I am unmedicated. I have tried multiple types and each one makes me extremely physically ill so they are not an option for me. My only treatment right now is therapy (only once a month) and exercise (which I only manage to do twice a week). 

That being said, I need help BADLY. 

When I am under extreme stress (as I am right now due to reasons unrelated to ADHD) I have a tendency to fly off the handle and have a public meltdown over the slightest provocation.

Today, I ordered breakfast at a restaurant and the waiter got my order wrong and when I tried to gently correct him so he would fix it, he scoffed and found some way to blame me for it, implying I was the one who ordered the wrong thing. I tried to stay calm but I felt that clinch in my chest I always feel before this happens so I asked if he could just fix it and he basically said “I am gonna fix it, I just have no idea how you can’t read a menu.”

This of course made me absolutely snap, so I raised my voice and said “Why are you talking to me like that? It’s ridiculous you’re mad at me when it’s not my fault! Just fucking fix it!” And of course now everyone at the restaurant is staring at me. He actually seemed to enjoy this, because he then laughed and mocked me and started doing “talking hands” and I just shook my head and left. But of course everyone was staring at me like I’m some psycho. 

And this is not the first time this has happened. Not even close. It happens at least 4-5 times a year. 

My only defense is when it does happen, I am under some form of extreme stress unrelated to the event that makes me fly off the handle. But I know logically that all kinds of people all over the world manage to go through times of extreme stress in their lives without screaming at strangers over the slightest thing, so it’s no excuse for my behavior. But I don’t know how to fix it. 

This example was relatively mild compared to others. I lost my job over one once, and I’m scared that some day I’ll have an episode so bad I’ll go to jail. 

Does anyone else have this particular problem with the irritability/lack of impulse control symptom of ADHD? If so, have you managed to fix it without medication? I need help desperately. 

TLDR: During periods of extreme stress in my life, I lose all impulse control and snap/scream at people in public over the most ridiculous things. I am not and cannot be medicated due to other health issues, but I need help BADLY.  Have you brought this up with your therapist? They should be able to help with some strategies to manage outbursts. I know ADHD medications are not an option, but are alpha-agonists like Guanfacine and Clonidine? They’re often used to treat the internal hyperarousal parts of ADHD and have personally eliminated my meltdowns completely.

I have some resources that would help if you’re unfamiliar with these and want to research some more! Just let me know and I’ll dig them up. It's scary isn't it. And not taken seriously as a female person. 

I went to anger management course - but it was prediagnosed and they did not get that i had no warning of escalstion. 

Next, and i totally recommend this, free and immersive meditation group. I found a group that meets twice a week, made a commitment to go by volunteering for a job, and just sat there with my crazy head each time winning if i walked in the door.  Sister, I have adhd and have had some similar moments. I too am worried that I will end up taking it too far.

I was in the local library trying hard to focus on a paper that was past due, when this guy walks in and sits behind me. He proceeds to project his voice arrogantly(basically yelling) as he interviews another guy for an insurance sales position. He was asking questions like: "Tell me about a time that everyone else around you failed, and how you were better at your job than they were... Tell me about a time in sports when you suceeded where others around you failed." He then proceeds to talk about how he makes tripple figures and and how he spent 10,000 on this and that. Basically projecting boastful pride... A real dog eat dog sort of guy. Gradually, I became enraged at his conduct, with his personallity being the icing on the cake. A lady down the way stood up and walked off. Then, a guy next to me sighed loudly, packed his stuff and left. I could not focus on what I was doing in the least. At this point I packed up all my stuff and was going to walk out and let him finish his rediculius, pompous and high decible narative. I walked about ten feet and stopped. Something snapped. My thoughts were something along the lines of: You know what? I am going to say something. I can no longer tollerate people like this doing whatever the hell they want, treating others like they are inferior. I would never work for this guy. I have submitted to these types of assholes for too long. I'm gonna confront him.

I approached his table and said. "Excuse me sir, are you aware of etiquette?" He stuck his chin up and formed a shit eating grin, acting like he didnt know what I was talking about. " It's something even small children can grasp, and you dont seem to get it. You are being extremely loud and yelling." I'm not yelling, he say's. At this point I am livid and there is a serious fire in my eyes. "Yes you were, three people have left this area because of it. Just because you are a prideful person doesnt give you the right to come in here and disregard other people" He then says, to the other guy, Okay let's finish the interview somewhere else. Both of them look alrmed, and possibly a little rattled. I admit, I myself had raised my voice during this confrontation. They quickly exited the area. I’ve mentioned it to a therapist in the past and her advice was not very helpful. But I am seeing a different therapist now and this is the first meltdown I’ve had since starting with her so I haven’t mentioned it yet. 

We actually have an appointment today by some bizarre coincidence, so I’ll definitely ask today and report back in case anyone reads this and wants to know what a therapist says about it lol!

EDIT: Just got back from therapy and thought I would edit this comment in case anyone finds this and wonders what she said. First off, on the topic of medication, she thinks I may have given up too soon since I have only tried two. She doesn’t think I should give up on them yet. Second, she says whether I try medication again or not, I need more regular access to support than she can provide because my insurance only lets me see her about once a month. So she recommended I try a group, or an ADHD coach in addition to our sessions. I have tried a coach before actually and I told her that, and while I did think it helped at first, I did not like the specific coach very much so I stopped. The doctor said that just like with medication, I can’t give up after just one coach. So I could consider trying it again. 

Basically, it sounds like I need more support than I currently have, and I need to do what I can to get that support. To me this was a satisfactory answer. So wish me luck everyone!

(She also defended me by informing me that the waiter was, in fact, a huge asshole based on what I said, and even non ADHD people probably wouldn’t have reacted well to him lol!) Thank you. One of my doctors actually just mentioned Guanfacine to me for the first time a few weeks ago but I have not tried it. I have not heard of the other one, Clonidine, at all though.

If you don’t mind I would greatly appreciate those resources. I am desperate and although ADHD meltdowns are the symptom I have the least frequently, they seem the most dangerous for me.  Omg that “no warning of escalation” part is so true, isn’t it? I swear I go from feeling completely fine to snapping wirh nothing in between when it happens. 

I will consider a meditation group! Meditation has always been one of those things I side-eyed but I’m starting to think part of my issues with treatment is giving up on things too soon or never giving them a chance at all. Thank you! she's totally right, that waiter was a complete asshole. Anyways, best of luck getting the support you need! Have you considered Welbutrin? It helped a lot with stress levels for me before I was diagnosed ADD. Guanfacine and Clonadine are very similar. They boost norepinephrine in receptors that typically regulate impulse control. As a result they also help keep blood pressure under control and are prescribed for this reason often for non ADHD patients. They are not controlled substances and very different from the stimulants. Biggest side effect is some drowsiness so often recommended to take them before bed, but they gave a long half-life in the bloodstream so can help for 24 hours. Because they are uncontrolled with few side effects they tend to be way easier to get than the stims (no concerns about drug seeking or anything).

Anecdotally, I'm on guanfacine. The drowsiness for me us so slight I don't really notice.... Like chamomile tea. The effect is castly more subtle than the stimulants but I do seem to be a little more on track with it.

I had an ex with similar issues. Kept her from getting arrested a few times. It was trying not just for her, but for her friends and loved ones, so I'm familiar with your issues and sympathize. Good luck. Yeah the anger management course was based on a traffic light system - and i kept saying "i don't have an orange light!". In my defense, i also was  NOT  brooding on violent revenges like some of the others in my class, so i have that going for me! 

Meditation is impossible. Until i realised that showing up was the only job. And to be clear, i did listen to a podcast every morning, and had mindful reminders everywhere. Immersion was best, the action of meditation but also working with the ethical guidelines helped. 

Now i know i need values as motivators (thanks adhd!). 

Edit for NOT! Damn fast brain :)  I have not tried any non-ADHD-specific medications yet. I’ll keep this one in mind, too. Thank you. 

I’m really just hoping there is something I can do without meds, though. I don’t want to get my hopes up about any of them when I had such bad experience with the meds I did try. Thanks for that information. I’ll definitely consider it. I have only tried Concerta and Strattera so far and both gave me extreme headaches and fatigue like my body weighed 1,000 pounds, so if there is something that may only cause a slight drowsiness that is appealing.

Do those meds help with other adhd problems though? Although I made this post about impulse control, the adhd symptoms I experience the most often are actually extreme disorganization and inability to focus.  

And thank you for your sympathy. It is very frightening to have this problem. When it isn’t happening I am completely normal. Based on how I act 99% of the time, no one would ever guess I do this. I am just so scared of going too far some day. I’ve never been and don’t think I’ll ever be violent, but I am scared of my next meltdown becoming the next “viral video” which is almost scarier than being arrested! Welbutrin is used in some ADHD patients when they can't use stimulants for whatever reason.

I see meds as a way to learn and practice coping skills so one day you can do without. I don't notice much from the guanfacine. Mainly that I observe that I'm a bit more likely not to blow things off when I'm on it. I take Dex "as needed" and that's my main arsenal that gets me going and focusing. Not sure if it will help the rage, as I have had my rage under control outside of being in abusive relationships, which I am not currently in.

And yes. My ex GF wanted help at times with this and I tried being her rock. One time she was flying to come see me. I texted her something as she boarded the plane which she misunderstood and I seriously was thinking she would be turned away at the border as unstable or even restrained in flight she was melting down so bad. It ended up destroying our relationship as I increasingly became the target of her meltdowns rather than her rock and she started driving me into my own meltdowns. It's hard, I know. Counciling may help too, even if you need to shop around until you find one that works for you. That is actually what I had hoped to do with meds as well (use them short term until I could do without), but I haven’t found one yet that I could be on long enough to experience any positive effect! I’ll consider Wellbutrin. Thanks! My meltdowns started after being in an abusive relationship, as well. Unfortunately even 7 years out of that relationship, my own meltdowns continue.

I am really worried my symptoms are similar to your ex’s. I am now in a very healthy relationship but just as your ex did to you, I occasionally direct my meltdowns to my boyfriend. Those are actually getting much better now because he and I made a rule for no text message arguments. My meltdowns towards him are not as bad in person when I can see his face because when I see his sadness it snaps me back to reality and I calm down because I don’t  want to hurt him. But with strangers... nothing stops me unfortunately.  Sounds familiar. No text message arguments are a very good rule. Unfortunately I was in an international relationship so text messaging was the norm :/

Drinking was the worst though. We would be having a great time and have a few drinks and normally things were fine, but occasionally, with the lowered inhibitions, she would flip on a dime and there was no stopping a drunken meltdown.... 