I'm scared I'll never pick up my reading speed. How did others deal with this? My story is a little odd.  From what I can tell, I basically survived school and everything else by pushing my capacity to hyperfocus to it's limit.  As a kid, I sat still and was attentive during lectures and could read for hours on end, but any interruption to these was intolerable.  I would grow unreasonably, near-violently angry with anyone who tried to. And I might miss the whole world ending once I got into them.  I came home exhausted every day, but I thought that was what I was supposed to be doing.

Then high school came.  I didn't read my text books because, bluntly, I didn't need to. Lectures were adequate to pull a solid 3.75 and to pass all my AP tests, and the same happened in college, with similar results.  The inapplicability of that model to seminary is what caused me to try to read again, and the difficulties I had with that was part of my diagnosis.

So, I can read again, thankfully.  I can read for hours like I could as a kid on Adderall (I take 20mg time released). But when my work is done and I try to read for fun, I just read so slowly that I spend forever on a page and have to go over sentences twice to hope to understand it.  I can mitigate this somewhat by reading out loud, but that isn't always appropriate or feasible.  I never stopped being a book lover, and I have a whole shelf of books with interesting and important ideas, but I can only read eight hours a day, and that simply isn't enough time.  It's painfully frustrating.  I just want to enjoy reading again.

Did anyone have a way to increase their reading speed while they're unmedicated?  The speed reading methods that are usually prescribed for other situations work for me on my medicine (and have worked to great effect) but not at all off of it. I typically read multiple books at once and combine those with audiobooks. So, I might read 5-10 pages of a new non-fiction, then 10 pages of a history book, and then listen to 40 minutes of an audio while relaxing in the bathtub.  Usually I dive into one of these sources more, after I realize which one "hooks" me the most. Before falling asleep, I read 30-40 minutes of the "hook" book. Ultimately I stick with the book I'm hooked on and discard the others. I can't read items I'm partially interested in... have to be obsessed about the topic or it's not viable. This isn't unique to ADHD, but, it is something you can get assessed.

You need to find a (developmental optometrist, not the same thing as an optometrist) and make an appointment.  Explain your experience.

Also make an appointment at a learning therapy office near you.  They should have some reading assessments . 