Working through being able to handle in person confrontations due to my inability to focus on what I want to say AND what the other person is saying. I’ve always found that I can articulate my thoughts better when writing them out. I prefer text/email to in-person confrontation, and for a long time I got in my head convincing myself that it was just because I was a wimp and couldn’t handle confrontation. But after thinking abt it recently (and after some confrontations have come up in my life) i’ve realized i’m not afraid of confrontation, I just prefer written interactions in tense situations because when I have conversations with people in person I so often lose my train of thought or need to be reminded what we are even talking about. Does anyone else relate? Omg I absolutely relate. I feel like I can never articulate an actually rational argument/description of why I'm actually upset, so I just wind up feeling and sounding stupid or childish. I usually just wind up caving and letting the other person "win" because I get flustered and don't know how to fight back in the moment. But I think the worst part for me is that after thinking about it, I usually figure out that I was actually upset for a totally different reason, I just needed time to think it through before I could explain it properly. But it's sometimes hours or even days later. Yeah I can relate. I much prefer text based communication over verbal, at least professionally. 

Even in text I run the risk of expressing myself in overly aggressive tones as well as haphazardly enough for my meaning to be lost. But this gets way worse in real time (aka verbal communication).

I try to steer my colleagues toward contacting me via email rather then phone, as this also helps me do a more ordered context switch from what I was doing to what they want me to be doing. Which also helps me get back to what I was doing after the switch.

On the other hand I tend to run off and ask people stuff face to face and only afterward realize I just did the thing I sometimes resent others doing to me.  Oh yeah. I get overwhelmed to the point of being incoherent, having to deal with the emotions and the pressure of piecing together a response from my muddled brain that's both relevant to what they said and has the effect I want it to. And if I'm upset about someone's behavior and want to address it, I usually wait until I've thoroughly analyzed the issue, gone over what I want to say a ton of times, and gained enough emotional distance that I think I can stay calm and keep them calm once I decide to actually initiate the conversation. I know it must be frustrating for people but otherwise what should be a "talk" is me saying just enough to upset us both before I shut down.

Actually I kind of think through writing or think like I'm writing in general. I compose and edit essays and anecdotes in my head, repeating them over and over until I'm happy with them, and I've got like a billion WordPad files where I'm just trying to figure out how I feel about something, solve a minor problem or put together a basic plan in some kind of loose essay format. Thinking on its own is recreational but thinking + writing is for getting shit done. Used to think I was just really shy but yeah it's a lot of this. Verbal communication is extremely difficult, sometimes even when talking to my best friends, but I have zero issues with written.  I do this also, thinking and preparing for interactions as if I'm writing or there's a script. Interesting. 