Reading Do any of y’all have tips on how to read and actually finish things? Not even just for books, but I have trouble focusing on any big blocks of text.
 
I can read every single word on a page and understand what they all mean but at the end I’ll still have no recollection of what happened. It takes me so long to read a book and actually get something, rather than just skimming it which is what I do for books for school.

And I can’t afford audible so that doesn’t work for me. write it down, and not word for word but snippets or key words.  For me always writing down small things helps me remember the larger part.  maybe reading it, writing and reading it again while writing it helps it stick....hand will hurt, but I've done well on tests with this method I am fellow poor person. Audiobooks are great, I listen to them at like 1.5x speed and it's able keep my attention while I am driving, walking around, at the gym, etc. You can torrent most audiobooks now, or if you are morally against that, most libraries have tons of books on CD's that you can rip onto your hard drive and put on your phone. There's also an app that most libraries participate with where you can "rent" free audiobooks. For me that's all too much work and I just pirate, but it's a good alternative for others. Audio books but do things more boring than listening.

So like, clean the house while listening so you focus on the words while mindlessly wiping things down. 


For reading specifically, I again suggest getting an audio book to follow along with.  Jot the gist of what happens in the margins so you're forced to actually think about what happened.  It helps me to add a physical element. Highlighters are awesome. If I can't use a highlighter I trace every line with a pen or my finger as I read it, and this actually speeds up and focuses my reading. When I was younger I would sometimes take a ruler and place it over the page and just move it downwards continually as I was reading. That would block off the nearest upcoming text and keep me from skimming ahead.

Also, when you notice that you lost track or drifted off, don't be mad at yourself, just take a moment to go back and find the last place in the text that you were following, reread it and continue :)  This may sound dumb but get a reading aid . They are designed for kids with reading issues , essentials they highlight a line and it forces you to slow down and what your reading will sink in more . They can be found at teacher supply stores or online . Search reading highlight strip .  I don't really have any tips, but my local library uses the Libby app for free audiobooks. I've saved so much money since I started using it; Audible is way too expensive to be worth it for me.  Yeah, I get that. One of the reasons I've struggled with my degree. I hypothetically schedule 5 hours for personal reading each day on top of my studies, + 2 for foreign language practice which often just entails reading bc I was too disorganised to sort anything else out, but lmao sometimes I can't even read a single page of a journal article some days. 

Nevertheless, I've become known for obsessive reading by friends. So, my first question, is what are you reading, and why? For school? Interest? There's a difference between fiction and nonfiction, and, for me, foreign languages (linguistics major, I will read (short) texts in other languages that I literally don't understand philology style without actually intending to learn it just so I can find out about etymologies, grammaticalisation, syntax, and other jazz - this isn't included in the language practice, those are for ones I'm commited to). 

For me, non-fiction, I'll note-take in OneNote, and I'll reference everything, so it's sorted by topic and I just have a superscript (on mobile) reference like [4: 15] - that means, source 4 (in my references page below the notes page) page 15. And my notes are extremely short hand. Been getting annoyed with my teachers SLA books because they're light on actual science and they're taking up useless space in my OneNote but I need to have them there so I can cite them bc pandering = marks, but er.. felt like getting that off my chest to someone, lol. So, I'll maybe miss all unnecessary grammatical words like "the", I'll shorten noun phrases that pop up again and again, etc, just keeping verbs, adverbs (to keep the original pragmatics) and the odd adjective. Works well for.me, and I reference for every paragraph/piece of info, so, if I need to take a direct quote of it later, I'll just get up the book and do it. Plus this.means I have all my references written out, so that I can just copy and paste into my papers. 

If fiction, you can make notes in the same way minus the references, maybe quote parts that impact you personally, thoughts on themes, plot lines, unrelated things that it makes you think about, etc, but I generally don't unless it's politics- or philosophy-based or the like, because, I mean, if it's fiction, I can just reread it. I've read so much fiction, I couldn't tell you what happened in a lot of.my favourite books properly but I can tell you I love them and idk, getting lost in the words is kind of one of the things I've grown to like about ADHD, I think it lets me appreciate the writing for itself a bit more. Sure, it's annoying, too sometimes, and sure, I can't even read a page of a kids book sometimes, but, there's not much I can do about that. Hopefully I'll be trying meds again soon, i don't remember what reading was like on them bc I was young. 

There are sites where you can get every other book in existence for free, but I don't necessarily condone such practices ;) - if something's appreciable enough I'll eventually seek a paper copy, but, I can't afford books for.my course etc, I can barely afford food ffs. That, and, because of my eyesight, pdfs > paper, kind of. Paper is easier to read provided it's a small paperback, but it's harder to make notes from. Making notes from a large textbook with a magnifier (that isn't even a good magnification) is literally back-breaking work for me, with a nice optical migraine on the side.  i usually go for fiction mystery/ thrillers that have reviews “can’t put this book down!”  i make an effort to get in the zone bc i’ve been finding it extremely relaxing lately.  i downloaded the “forest” app that sets a timer so you can’t look at your phone during that time and wear ear plugs.  it’s a little excessive but lately it’s been one of the only ways i can relax  There are two kinds of reading.  Reading for content and reading for enjoyment.  

Reading for content is about scanning and finding information.    Highlight, take notes, do whatever you need to in order understand and commit it to memory, if needed. 

Reading for enjoyment is different.   
To fully enjoy literature you have to give the characters voice. 
Some speed reading methods promote learning to read without subvocalising.  That's fine when reading for content, but to *really* give voice to the characters, you shouldn't try to not subvocalise.  
Imagine voices.  
Imagine and visualise the scenery or whatever is described.  
Imagine experiencing the sensations described.  
In short, *engage* with the story as fully as possible. 

The more you invest in it, the more you'll get out of it. 

You may have trouble with reading.   Get anthology books or magazines, short stories.  Get an audiobook to listen to and follow along when reading the paper or ebook, if that helps.

If you can't read more than, say, 10 minutes that's fine.   Schedule yourself to spend 10 minutes reading every day.   
Do that for a week, or a month, until that 10 minutes isn't a struggle.  
Then increase it by 5 minutes.  
It's like lifting weights in the gym, every time it stops being a challenge, increase your load.  
Don't use a timer alarm. If you go over your time, that's improvement.  
If you get to the point where you don't stop until you reach the end of your short story, you rocked it.  If you feel compelled to read a bit of the next story instead of being happy you can stop, you're on your way to becoming a reading machine.  

If you like the genre of your anthology, you may want to check out the work of one of those authors and try something longer.   
 How often do you *actually* read? I find anyone that skim reads frequently has difficulty comprehending text when reading scrutinously, regardless of disability. Overdrive! Seriously the best app for audio books on a budget  I feel as though that is a coping mechanism we developed in order to stay 'focused' because we get distracted so easily. It worked wonders for me. Not often, just for books I have to read for school. Thanks for the tip! o.o
Which libraries have the widest collections? Then you only *ever* skim read. Sit down, read, and forget about the time it's taking you. When you need to, go back and reread a sentence, a chapter, a paragraph. You'll have to get used to it; there's no shortcut to reading, really. I have 4 library cards for the state I'm in (just due to where I'm located/have lived in the past) and I've found the big metro ones to be the best selection.

 For instance: town I'm from has overdrive access but it's a bit limited. City I work in is a small city and has an ok selection but a small number of copies of each (audio)book. College town, which is my states capital and close-to-hometown major metro area have the best selections because they're the biggest cities.  

I guess this leads me to say, probably big cities but ymmv. I'm not sure where you're located but if your libraries are like mine, all you need for major metro area library cards is state residence (e.g. I don't live in work city but I was able to get a card there. ) Its certainly worth looking into! And feel free to message for more specifics :) 