i love reading! is that unusual for adhd? do any of y'all with adhd love reading? although i suppose that it's relevant that i don't read anything from beginning to end. reading is also something that can get me to hyperfocus almost immediately. my child with adhd also loves reading, also loves flipping around through a text, and also hyperfocuses while reading, which is why i suspect that there is a population of people with adhd with similar genetic leanings. Always loved reading, as a kid I couldn't make myself put a book down to save my life. 
I was in trouble constantly for reading during class and my parents grounded me by taking books away. Lol 

It might be a product of me growing up super rural and not having tv as a kid. But it's definitely something I hyper-focused on. To this day I can't hear anyone trying to talk to me if I'm reading. Lol Love reading also, but have been guilty of skipping over pages when I don't have any interest in a particular scene. Also can't read longwinded descriptions for the life of me. I want characters, dialogue and action - don't torture me by describing what the vase on the table looks like unless it's somehow relevant to the story! XD I've always loved reason as well. For me a lot of it was as a way to escape my abusive surrounds. But my ADHD also played a part as reading was one of the very few things that could hold my attention and keep my mind from wondering.

I still love reading, however life really gets in the way so I haven't been able to do much. Although I have a pile of several I want to read someday and keep adding to it. Thanks to the impulsiveness I'll just buy a book I want and not  tell myself I don't have time to read it lol.  I always loved reading, but sometimes I get through a whole book and realize my mind wasn't present and I don't remember much about the book. I tried audiobooks for a while, but the same thing would happen where I'd be listening but then I'd zone out and have to rewind a few minutes. I do the immersion reading thing with my Kindle now that highlights the ebook while the audiobook is playing. It's helped so much and I read so much more now! I don't like reading because i don't process the information firsthand. I have to reread multiple times to retain the information.

It takes too much time to enjoy it. Anyone else relates? Guess it's a typical PI/ADD trait. Depends. Study books, yes. Because it has purpose and deadlines attached to the reading, namely graduating and exams. Non fiction, sometimes. Especially self-help books. Because useful... however no deadlines. Fiction? Absolutely not. Don’t see the point. Why read another person’s made up stories? Then I’d rather imagine my own stories or write my own. I despise reading but the dyslexia doesnt help...  I love reading. But it had to be something I like like Stephen King. Give me a history book and I won’t be able to do it. I devour SK novels in a day no matter how big.  I love reading. I like books to read and as objects.

 But actually reading for a decent amount of time takes eay to much energy. Reading great books is so much better than doing all the stuff I'm supposed to be doing instead. I like reading but I have issues with the type of book and by type of book I mean : paperback vs hardcover, book size, e book etc. like if I'm holding the book and something about it bothers me I get so distracted like If the page wont tun over all the way or the book is too heavy to hold. Isn't that so stupid? it annoys me so much! Something I find that helps is reading in my target language, Spanish. Then, even if I get bored with the storyline I can keep reading until I get interested again because then I am not reading for the story\-\- I'm reading because I'm obsessed with Spanish and always want more practice same here to almost all of that! some people made fun of me for being like belle from beauty and the beast for all the walking and reading that i did in school! i've done that too! i knew that there would be someone else! hi there!

i can relate so much to life getting in the way of reading. i can easily lose hours while reading anything of sufficient length and, as a mother of young children and a stay at home mom, i cannot afford to lose hours of time. :( consequently, i almost never give myself the chance to read any of the books that i desperately want to read. when they're older and can mostly fend for themselves, then all bets are off! lol that does sound like normal adhd. it's even in some of the, "do you have adhd?" checklists. i don't know if it's more of an inattentive thing. i'm hyperactive impulsive and that may be part of it. Exactly! I've tried reading fiction so often because I write John Green style works, aside from the fact that I'm not one for romance.  :( that's not stupid at all! i don't like ebooks, for instance, because i find my way through stories by plot and through informational text by logical scaffolding and ebooks really only recognize the serial information via arbitrary page numbers and search terms pulled out of context. i have similar frustrations with electronic media that you do with physical media. Lol! i just subscribed to this sub and it feels like home. Thank you for sharing you're welcome. :) 