South Beach Wheelchair Ferrari!  Locked for petty slapfighting.  Handicap people can make money too Also, the average age of a Ferrari buyer is 47. So, for every kid who made money on bitcoins or playing a sport, there is an AARP member that goes to Leon. You realize that there are all sorts of handicaps that don't require a wheelchair? Many of which aren't immediately obvious to a random passerby? Beautiful car though  It doesn't mean you have to literally get out in a wheelchair. [deleted] Thanks obama... [deleted] [deleted] [Alex Zanardi](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_Zanardi) does not agree. Yes, driving a grand tourer (not really a sports car, per se) requires significantly different physique than driving a minivan. Because Ferraris are incapable of driving like a normal car. As soon as you hit the gas, the car just accelerates to 200mph and won't slow down, and takes every corner at 2 G's of lateral acceleration.

Or you just have a desperate need to paint all handicapped people as interior, so you don't have to admit to yourself that they've accomplished more despite more adversity than you could. To say nothing of the fact that there's no reason people in wheelchairs can't afford Ferraris. There are a shit ton of disabilities that don't make getting in or out of a car difficult, but still require a handicapped spot. People who have difficulty walking long distance, for instance.

And yes, placard abuse happens. No doubt about that. But you know what's even shittier? Questioning someone's disability when you don't know shit about it and aren't remotely qualified to diagnose anyone. What if your disability is mental? Shouldn't make it any harder to get in or out of the car.

It's unfortunate that the disability icon is a wheel chair, and should probably be changed. [deleted] Right on [deleted] So not only are you a racist, you discriminate against the handicapped as well? How do you actually think this shit makes you look good? > Just out of curiosity, what sort of mental disability precludes you from walking an extra 100 feet to a store front while still allowing you to navigate a 4k pound car down the interstate.

Don't know, and don't care. That's between the doctor and the patient. As someone else eloquently put it, that's none of your business, and you're not trained to make that call one way or the other so you're opinion is less than useless.

That said, I had a friend in high school with extreme temperature sensitivity. Any prolonged exposure to temperatures outside a specific range would result in fainting. The handicapped sticker allowed her to park close enough to places to be able to get inside the building, but once inside in the AC/heat you wouldn't think anything was wrong with her.

There are people who can sit and operate machinery just fine, but their legs or spine or feet can't sort them for long times standing upright.

There are people with disorders that only trigger while walking it running or upright, that can drive just fine. 

And there are people with disabled spouses, parents, and children.

So fuck off with this bullshit. Bottom line, it's but any of your business. [removed] [deleted] >Aren't you glad you're behind a computer keyboard... do you go about calling people racists to their face?

Yup! Because I don't feel the need to resort to pathetic ITG machismo to make my point.

>Also, how exactly am I discriminating handicapped people by having the opinion that if you can get in a low car and drive it around you should also be able to walk a few extra steps?

Because you're not qualified to make that determination, and in doing so you add to the victimization if the handicapped.

>Opinions are like assholes. Everybody has one, and it doesnt necessarily make someone a nazi.

I didn't call you a Nazi. But if your opinion is, for example, that Jews should be slaughtered, then that DOES in fact make you a Nazi. You can't have shitty opinions and pretend like that doesn't make you a shitty person. Content and context matter.

>You need a therapist, you are very unhinged lately.

Right. Getting pissed at people calling handicapped people liars for daring to drive a nice car is totally unhinged.

>And so that you know, I reported you for being an ass. Hope you get a vacation from the sub for a while.

Thanks. We'll see what comes of that. The last time a racist reported me to a mod, I got a virtual high five. Maybe this time it'll be Reddit gold. Because some of those disorders that prevent walking or standing upright ARE mental disorders. Certainly many of them have a brain chemistry component. But if they're driving a car with a handicapped placard, your assumption should be that they have a disability AND that they have been cleared to drive despite that, and that should be the end of your inquiry. You are not the "are you really disabled" police, and as I've mentioned, you're not remotely qualified to cast doubt on anyone with a placard, so the only course to follow that doesn't make you an asshole is to accept it and move on. [removed] [deleted] I'm more and more convinced that you're no older than 12. If you're going to insult me, at least do it like an adult. >And that's the point. A mental disorder that affects your motor function would likely interfere with your driving, or at the very least your ability to escape the car in case of an accident or something. 

You have absolutely zero way of knowing this. You are not a licensed physician. Even if you were, you are not THAT PERSON'S doctor, and don't have access to their medical history or most recent evaluation. Your yet unprofessional opinion isn't just baseless, it is actively harmful.

>It sounds like a reach for you to castigate someone who's actually looking out for abuse. I'd prefer an alert public, not one wearing horse blinders.

An "alert public"? The public, again, isn't qualified to be alert about the location of their ass, let alone complex medical diagnoses. An alert public in this case is a witch hunt that does nothing but make life miserable for anyone with a handicapped placard that doesn't have an obvious disability.

There's a reason we trust this to professionals, instead of letting moron vigilantes pretend like they're not just out to stroke their justice boner. [removed] Does it? Are you following me around now? That's sweet. I'll add you to my list of fans and send you a commemorative card on my birthday. [deleted] Aww, sorry toots, my birthday party is for close friends and family only. [deleted] Oh, look at how insecure you are about your masculinity. It's ok, buddy. One day you'll be a real man and you won't have to worry about what other insecure kids think about you. 