I've seen a lot of people just walking onto MCTS buses by flashing something at the driver- what are they showing? I recently got a job in the area out of college, resulting in being entirely reliant on the city buses to get to & from work. I'm familiar of course with the M-Cards, have one myself. However, at least once or twice I've seen someone just show a card to the driver & get on without scanning or paying anything. What do they have? I've tried without success to figure it out- the people using them are young & old, able-bodied & in wheelchairs, well-dressed & in rags. There's no evident pattern, so I'm guessing that I might be able to get one? I pay with my phone now. With the mcts app, you can buy a 90 minute or 24 hour pass and it just shows up as a rolling time counter on my phone and I show the driver like the awesome hipster douche I am They are [special passes](https://www.ridemcts.com/fares-passes/fare-information) that are either time-related (based on a number of days) or have special/reduced fares for students/disabled/elderly people. It is probably a GO PASS. You must be disabled to get one.  Source: I'm a case manager and I help my clients get them. College students I believe get free bus passes, it used to be a sticker on there ID  Oh thanks
Never knew this existed I remember just having a sticker on UWM ID That app is one of the best decisions MCTS has made recently. As an infrequent bus rider, it makes it easy for me to ride the bus without much thought. Before, I would need to pay attention to how much I had left on my M-Card and remember to recharge it in advance. I was not aware this existed. Same cost for a ride as if I had an M-Card? That's awesome. Yea the app is awesome and waiting for them to integrate my Mcard into the app. That way I can transfer my balance to the app. I've seen people with the app flashing it at the driver. They still have to scan something and/or pay after showing the GO Pass though. What OP is describing is definitely the new app.  Used to be, now it's a special m-card that you also need to show the ID to use totally agree. back in myyyyyy day when i first started riding the bus, I had to go to a grocery store, during daytime hours, to buy tickets or a weekly pass....it's great that mcts is keeping up with the times on technology. Now I don't have to worry about making sure I save money at the end of a weekend out of town to catch a bus home.  Yeah it's great. You can buy your 90 min or 24 hour pass right on the app and just show the driver the screen and it's good to go. Definitely a game changer for mcts I sent some of my tickets through the wash on more than one occasion. That was always fun. 