How are the Creamette Historic Lofts? I am a guy in a wheelchair and am planning on moving Minneapolis in May after I graduate. I am wondering what if the Creamette Historic Lofts is a good place and the surrounding area. From what I’ve seen of those lifts, they are not very loft like. Just apartments called lofts. 

Nice neighborhood though a bit far from the skyway, I believe. If you’ll be working DT and don’t want to deal with going out in the winter it may be an issue.  These are in the North Loop neighborhood, arguably one of the most up-and-coming & desirable areas in the city. Very cool areas with lots of restaurants nearby and many accessible trails, close to the Stone Arch Bridge, the Mississippi River is just a stones' throw away. It's a prime location. Have you considered a Skyway connected building?  The Skyways are nice for everyone, but are a lifesaver for people in wheelchairs. When there are 2 foot high snow piles at every intersection you can get around without having to deal with that nonsense.  I’m moving out of Heritage Landing (across the street from Creamette) soon. From what I can tell, it seems pretty wheelchair accessible. I was having mobility issues and started paying more attention to that, however I’m clearly no expert. Good luck on the move! I currently live in the North Loop and my GF lived in those apartments for a few years. They're pretty solid. Not as new and flashy as some of the other surrounding buildings, but also not as good expensive either. She never had any problems living there. Overall, it's a great neighborhood with a lot to do close by. The street Creamette on is fairly quiet too for the neighborhood. Although make sure that the building is actually connected to the Skyway in an accessible fashion for wheelchairs. The last skyway connected building I lived in required climbing a couple of steps to enter the skyway. I didn't realize there were apartment buildings connected to the Skyway. That would be very nice in a snow storm! I live off the Skyway and lived in the North Loop. I don't know how many times I have had to help some person on a wheelchair get through a Skyway door because it wasn't working.  It takes months for repairs.  ADA is definitely not a priority in downtown Minneapolis, specially on the Skyway.  The operating hours suck, specially on the weekends.  And if you are a periphery apartment, chances are one of the connecting bridges will be locked and you'll need to wait 30 minutes for someone to unlock it. As for snow piles, the North Loop does a far, far better job keeping all the corner ramps clear. Honestly, while Downtown has potential, it is kind of a trap after business hours and on the weekends. Ah of course. Repairs always take forever when they aren't priority.  I have a couple of neighbors on wheelchairs on the Skyway, they have mixed feelings on the arrangement.   It is definitely a lifesaver if you have other issues, and require constant assistance.  However, if you are young , more mobile, and want to get out more I'd recommend the North Loop.  If Creamette is in your budget, then I'd look at one of the newer apartments closer to Hennepin and Washington Avenue.  The problem with Creamette is that is tucked in a corner, while anything along Washington or Hennepin is closer to a lot of bus lines and gets a lot more attention from the surrounding businesses regarding snow clearance on the curb ramps.  You might also want to consider an apartment along the Cedar Lake bike trail like Dock Street Flats that way you have an alternative way to get around and exercise. 