Elderly friendly music venues? Hey folks: read the wiki. Specific question below

My dad is elderly. We will be visiting from 3/31 to 4/3.

Ive already booked grand ol opry and country music hall of fame. 2 things he really wants to do.

He also wants to hear some ol timey country music at a venue. Do you have any suggestions for more elderly friendly venues that he could listen to some music? (aka not too loud or boisterous). He's not in a wheelchair but mobility is limited. Thanks!  Station Inn in the gulch has bluegrass.   HIGHLY recommend checking out "The Time Jumpers" at 3rd & Lindsley on April 2nd.  Absolute legends (literally multiple members in the Country Music Hall of Fame) that get together and make incredible music.  Get there early and grab a table closer to the stage away from the bar.  I'm 36 and felt like the youngest dude in there by a decade. In Madison:
http://larrysgrandolegarage.com

 Usually most of the honkytonks are pretty easy to navigate during the daytime hours. Tootsies has a really cool back bar stage that you can access from the alley between that and the ryman that has some seating behind and to the side of the band that was good for some low mobility folks I saw this weekend  Check out Arrington Vineyards. If it's nice weather, that place is wonderful for picnicking and listening to some bluegrass. 

Oh, also McNamaras.  It's Irish music, but it's comfortable.  If he thinks it's too loud in the bar itself, you can move to another part of the restaurant where it's still audible.   Definitely not "ol timey country music", but the Local is further from downtown and is pretty tame. Here's a link to their music calendar to see if it's anything your dad would like.

A lot of bars are also a lot less crowded and boisterous on Sundays/weekdays. I'll see if I can think of anything else! Station Inn anytime or Roberts Western during the day.  Long hollow jamboree  At the Texas Troubador Theater (Music Valley Drive by Opry Mills) there is a show called The Music Of Nashville every Wed and Sat.  I checked it out this past Saturday just scouting some local music shows, and it's just what you want.  Not loud, older country, great accessibility and the benches are like large church benches.  The show is about two hours long.  Your dad would probably enjoy it.  Great musicians and singers.  https://www.themusicofnashville.com/home [Caba Ray's](https://raystevenscabaray.com). Dinner theater featuring Ray Stevens ("The Streak" etc.). My elderly relations have been fucking pumped about this place. This is where I would take my 75 year old dad for live music. Not as cool as the Station Inn but it's out in the suburbs and the show will be over in time to be home for the local news.  Loveless Cafe? I know the Broken Spoke had acoustic songwriter’s nights 10-15 years ago, so now it’s probably something else. 

Also check with area VFWs and their schedules. I’ve seen classic country acts there. Cheap beer and less cramped, too! No old people allowed. Can't you read the sign?  This. The Monday night band is fantastic. Thanks!  Thank you!  Second this! This is a great show. Get tickets in advance. Get there early so you can possibly park out front and so you have plenty of time. There are a couple of steps up into the venue, FYI.

https://www.google.com/maps/@36.1519651,-86.7699612,3a,75y,21.81h,76.21t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s1kgK3nMNJmJxg-j6yxP0UA!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 I went to several shows at Larry's a few years back. The crowd skews older and much of the show is acoustic bluegrass, so you won't be having to deal with amps turned up to 11. 

The music is great and the atmosphere laid back and homey, and is what I imagine old Nashville was like before big money came in. There's a parking right next to the venue, so there won't be long walks or dodging pedestrians and traffic. 

The website streams their shows to give you an idea of what it's like. There are no redeeming qualities about Loveless Cafe in my opinion.  Any half-empty restaurant that makes you wait three hours for Cracker Barrel food is garbage. It says no old *people*. We're allowed one. His dad is fine.  You'll love it. >  I imagine old Nashville was like before big money came in.

That's exactly what old nashville was like. We all sat around on the porch of the general store playing in a jug band, bitching and moaning about how the colored folks were gonna ruin America by voting. Thanks for chiming in. Old folks like it and they have older performers at times. I am a born and raised Nashvillian and I’ve never even been there so I have no feelings on the matter.

Might also check the Bluebird, OP. 