Have you been personally victimized by an electric scooter? This is a safe place for you to share your stories.  I can see u/bartdurhamscorpse's new commercial now... Drunk me cannot walk past one.  I must ride.  It's awful.  I often find myself doing circles in parking lots for 5 minutes. Which is more annoying: Bachelorette Party on Scooters or Bachelorette Part on a Pedal tavern? Was headed home from work yesterday trying to turn left on Charlotte off of 11th coming from the Gulch. 11th gets the green light and right before I start to get into the intersection, some dumbass come flying down Charlotte headed east. Completely runs the light and makes everyone driving on 11th slam on their brakes. I get if it if the light just changed, but this was a good 5 seconds later.  [they’re training service doggos for that now.](https://www.instagram.com/p/Bock8RglmIu/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=1blprebkhhxk8)  My Lyft driver in Denver last week was almost hit in the passenger side by someone going full speed down the sidewalk and ignoring his turning vehicle into a small side street.  Excerpts from [here](https://www.nashville.gov/Metro-Clerk/Legislative/Ordinances/Details/7d2cf076-b12c-4645-a118-b530577c5ee8/2015-2019/BL2018-1202.aspx):

&#x200B;

>Second Substitute Bill BL2018-1202 (as amended)  
...  
“Business District”, as defined in Tenn. Code Ann. §55-8-101(9), means the territory contiguous to and including a highway when, within any six hundred feet (600') along the highway, there are buildings in use for business or industrial purposes, including, but not limited to, hotels, banks, or office buildings, railroad stations and public buildings that occupy at least three hundred feet (300') of frontage on one (1) side or three hundred feet (300') collectively on both sides of the highway.  
>  
>“Shared Urban Mobility Device (SUMD) system” or “System” means a system which provides urban mobility devices for short-term rentals for point-to-point trips Such a System can be a Lock-to SUMD System or a dockless SUMD system.  
...  
G. SUMD shall not be operated upon a sidewalk within a business district. The Traffic and Parking Commission may also determine specific areas as business districts.  
>  
>H. Whenever operating a SUMD upon a sidewalk, the user shall yield to any pedestrian and shall give an audible signal before overtaking and passing such pedestrian.

&#x200B;

TL;DR - the overwhelming majority of people who have ridden a scooter in this town are complete morons. A big group of people, including me, were crossing a street and some tourist European couple pushed their way through the crowd in the other direction, trying to get on the sidewalk acting like entitled, impatient idiots. I was still on the sidewalk about to cross when one of the scooters hit my hand pretty hard so I gave them the bird and a nice expletive, which they definitely saw and heard; fuck you, welcome to Nashville. <Hands them a doll>Show us where the bad electric scooter touched you...

I had one 10+ years ago.   Never had a problem, other than it eventually broke from overuse.   I never fell off and hit my head because I didn't drive it like Evil Kenevil, and I didn't park it in the way because I'm a responsible grown-up. The scooter rage going around right now is quite hilarious.  Had to swerve on Ellington yesterday afternoon to avoid one that was riding on the shoulder a little too close to the line for my comfort.  Anyone taken it to the skate park to really see what they can do? I was walking down the sidewalk on deaderick last week. These two grown men were racing each other around the block on the scooters on the side walk. I watched them nearly run into several people when they swerved in my direction. 

As they went past, i firmly and clearly requested that they "Please Stop Riding On The Sidewalk." This drew their attention and ridicule, which they stopped to deliver. So then one of them starts to charge me. I repeat my request to no avail. I start to move to my left and stumble, while the grown man on a scooter is charging and swerves to his right, into me, which makes him serve harder. I step back out of the way as he goes past avoiding a collision. I do hear him skid and go down, but he was able to avoid running into the wall or light poles he was swerving between minutes before.

This fellow gets up and with his friend in tow tries to claim i took a swing at him and that now he wants to fight about it. I look at them both, see that they are on scooters still on the sidewalk and repeat my previous request. This guy keeps insulting me and trying to provoke me into physical confrontation after trying to"fake run me down" and I'll I've done is get out of the way and ask them to abide by the terms they already agreed to. So his response is "Do something about it" while continuing to race around with his buddy in the sidewalk.

So i went inside and called the NPD non-emergency line and gave them a full description of and where to find these recividists. Then on another break a few mins later, i watched them get stopped and talked too by the NPD. They decided it was time to walk back down to Broadway where the other Eagles fans were concentrated.

I've seen scooters running back and forth in front of the buses trying to leave the MCC. I've seen them charge out into the street and onto the sidewalk carelessly. I've seen 4 of my neighbors kids racing each other with them up and down my street late at night. An electric scooter once touched my in my bathing suit area. We're thinking of bringing back the soap opera style commericals. Thoughts?  Dude, that's like $1.75 just thrown away. Slow your roll Mr. Moneybags.  Yes Which part of the bachelorette are we talking about here? Have you been downtown since this shit started? Your flippant response is underwhelming. [deleted] Ellington? That's not a road (or shoulder) these should be on. Call the police and report them before they get run over and killed. Sounds like your little incident could have been totally avoided if you had just minded your own business and kept your mouth shut.  please.  PLEASE. 

 What are some scenarios ya'll would like to see? So long as there is a large amount of slow-mo  Acting like there was never even a Great Recession. WOOOOOOO That is quite insulting to someone in a wheel chair...people in wheelchairs aren’t vegetables dude. They are skating master artists. 

Find another way to make your limp point. Imagine, indeed, because it's never actually fucking happened. You say that like I didn't do that exact thing when I came across it.  They were racing around the business end of town at lunch time when there were lots of people outside.

Being asked to abide by the conditions we all suffer these scooters shouldn't even be necessary.

If you don't like it, i encourage you to do something about it. Try attacking someone next time you are horsing around on one and see if they don't shove that scooter up your ass. Are all of them skating master artists? [deleted] My fault for assuming. Cheers! The dude deleted his post...so apparently the skating master artist comment worked.

I was trying to convey that many people in wheelchairs can move well, as they have developed a specialized skill.  Because you made that story up. Is that for all people in wheelchairs?

Maybe it "worked" because you intimidated that person into not voicing an unpopular opinion they have based on their experiences, rather than your stellar argument "Nuh uh! Some of people in wheelchairs are murderball players and they don't give a fuck."

All this for scooters and your rights to leave them wherever the fuck... I never said ALL people in wheelchairs. Perhaps you should focus on your own point rather than pitifully and painfully trying to straw man my perspective.

Sounds like you didn’t even see what I responded to... which was a comment insulting to those in wheelchairs.

Your are so blatantly biased and uninformed it’s impressively uninspiring.
1. I have never rented a scooter.
2. Thus I have never left one to obstruct others.

Sounds like you should have a couple drinks, relax, and take a Byrd out for a stroll. Just DO NOT leave it laying around to obstruct murderball wheelchair players. You said "people in wheelchairs aren't vegetables... they are skating master artists".

To whom does that refer if not all people in wheelchairs?

No i can't see what you responded too and i only have your comments to go by, but based on that I'm not sure you have your facts straight when it comes to differently abled people. Did that guy insult people in wheelchairs by saying these scooters are a problem? How is that any worse or less invalid than your own generalizations?

And your advice to me is to chill out and then drink and drive. I may be bias, but you are just plain wrong. 