Elderly, indigent neighbor needs help getting to his dialysis appointments. I have contacted the the New Orleans Council on the Aging  already,  but I thought I'd go ahead and ask here, in case anybody had any ideas.  My neighbor is 70 and pretty poor, and needs dialysis 3 times a week. The appointments run 3-4 hours.  While the appointments are close by, he is wheelchair-bound, and needs transportation. Does anybody have any leads on a program that might help him get to these appointments for low or no cost? Thanks in advance for any help. His Medicare provider will have a NEMT (non emergency transportation) provider in their network.  He should call them. I'm not sure how good it is but the RTA has this.

http://www.norta.com/Accessibility/Paratransit Acadian ambulance or A-Med, they have wheelchair vans and accept Medicare-Medicaid.  You may want to contact the Advocacy Center. He should also tell the caseworker of w/e medical provider he uses.  I could drive him until you figure something out, but my car is small. Does he have a vehicle available?

(Edit: Former EMT, no current certs.)  Medicaid offers free rides to and from... Ask him to call his insurance if he has Medicaid to arrange transport Call 211 - they should have a list of resources for things like this. Bless you..! Medicare should provide transport for him.  Yep did those transfers all day as an EMT. can confirm i've had students not get to appointments because of the unreliability Workable -- but you need to get the pass, which can take a while. Thank you, however. He still needs to get signed up regardless. thisssssssssss!  they may also have another program that's more reliable than medicare Yep. Get the information from this page to him:

[Medicaid Transportation](http://dhh.louisiana.gov/index.cfm/page/352) Medicare only provides transportation for emergent dialysis cases, not routine care. Many Medicare Advantage plans offer a transportation benefit, but it is usually something weak like 24 one-way trips/year when ESRD patients are getting dialysis 3x/week.  "should" Yeah, they're not always reliable, hence the should. :/ Can't the hospital assign him a caseworker though?  OP’s neighbor probably has a social worker who has an enormous caseload and a limited amount of resources that are likely exhausted. 

Advocacy center is probably the best bet to actually get shit done. They typically have some copy and paste mailers with a lawyer’s contact info at the bottom. 