Wheelchair bound man goes on stabbing spree in French Quarter  my dad was like 5 feet away from this when it happened

a lady whipped out the bear mace and fucked up everyone withing 20 feet of the situation  This is an interesting sentence.

 *The officer used a stun gun on Martin before placing him in handcuffs, who then spit on an EMS professional.*  > They see me rollin   
They hatin   
Patrolling they tryin to catch me ridin' dirty   I was riding my bike down Basin St. one night not too long ago and I'm pretty sure it was this guy who was just sitting in the middle of one of the lanes of traffic drinking a tallboy in his wheelchair. I stopped my bike and offered to help wheel him out of traffic, and he was not interested. Guess I got lucky.  [Roberto, is that you?](https://youtu.be/uj2dmQruJXs) About a month ago, June 15th actually according the date on the videos that I took, I saw this guy up at the art market next to the Spotted Cat. He was on the ground with a big pool of blood next to him and wasn't moving, I figured he was dead. I went up on the balcony at the Cat and by then there was cops there. He was conscious again, they got him back in his wheelchair and then he just lost his mind. He punched the cops, threw them off him and started wheeling himself down the middle of Frenchmen. The dude was covered in blood and basically nobody really wanted to touch him and I think the cops thought, well, if the guy just wheels away then we dont have to deal with him. He just slowly wheeled down the center of Frenchmen til he got the intersection at Royal, then set up shop in the middle screaming at people as EMS pulled up. Finally I lost sight of him as he wheeled up Royal. > When a 32-year-old woman stopped her 2015 Nissan Sentra at the intersection, Martin pulled out a steak knife and began stabbing the hood of her car.

> Martin then turned on a 48-year-old man who was walking across the street, stabbing him in the chest.

> The woman got out of her car and sprayed Martin with pepper spray, and he wheeled himself away.

Um, I love her presence of mind.  respect I wish a mufugga would.  Sheeyit. Gotta respect his hustle  July 20 This is only funny because hes wheelchair bound  Magic handcuffs? This is amazing 10/10 HYAAA! That was really thoughtful of her. Real talk. I probably would have panicked and called the cops or maybe blow the horn, none of which would have stopped the assault. 