3 Bedroom house available in nice, old neighborhood in Metry. Completely updated on the inside and it has a wheelchair ramp. The house that belonged to my wife's grandparents is up for rent.  The siblings completely updated the interior with a full remodel, brand new appliances, fixtures, etc.  The exterior looks a little dated, but it fits in with the location -  a quaint little neighborhood on Thirba Street near West Metairie and most of the neighbors have lived there for decades.  I'm sharing this because I understand finding places with wheelchair access can be difficult sometimes, and it's a really nice house with lots of good vibes.  Many a family crab boil took place in that car port.  You also have a nice backyard, all fenced in.  No pets, no smoking, the usual stuff.  No, it's not haunted either.  Here's a link to the CL post, I think they'll be adding more interior shots.  

https://neworleans.craigslist.org/apa/d/cozy-metairie-cottage-in/6368101126.html If you're asking $1500, buy a washer and dryer.  Too much $$/mth Backyard but no pets? I thought it did, but IDK, just passing along the listing.   Well, can't argue you with you there, but I don't have any say so in that. However, such is the state of rentals today.  You can find a two bedroom apartment for maybe about 1K per month, or this big ass house with a full modern interior, brand new everything and a full yard with shed for your use.  I don't think it's that bad, but then again I own and don't rent for this very reason. Sure.  People like backyards too!   The ad says w/d hookups. Not many ppl about to shell out $1500/month are going to want to buy $800 in appliances. 

Just some advice for not shrinking your rental pool to much.  But what kind of piece of crap doesn't like dags! Yes, but conversely there are some people who rent who also have their own W/D already.  Just saying.  But I do get your point, but I'm just posting and not in charge at all of the situation there. Hey, dogs are great, but you'd be an idiot to let someone rent your house with dogs.  A guy across the street from me had a renter leave their dog in the house alone for a month and it ate all the dry wall.   I like dags but would never allow one in any of my rentals.  
Too much trouble and never enough in the deposit to cover what gets destroyed. I have never understood security deposit to begin with. The security deposit is like 1000 or $2000, which is not enough to fix hardly anything. 

I think we should get away from doing security deposits, and renters should be required by Landlord's to cover "renters insurance" which is essentially insurance covered by the tenants to pay for damages. Premiums figures off a persons track record. 

Four instance you have been a renter for 10 years and never made a claim against your insurance your premium is say $12 a month. Situation B is you move every single year and every single year you fuck up somebody's home so your insurance premium is $2000 a month. 

If you cannot afford to pay that by your own fucking house, or go on section 8 and let the government pick up the tab since you clearly cannot be trusted to adult.  The problem with that is renter's insurance only covers your possessions.  The land owner's insurance covers the walls out.  Some other form of coverage would be nice but right now, one can only insure a property that is in their name, so tenants couldn't legally get coverage for their damages, even if they wanted. 
 
I like your idea but it would literally take an act of congress to force the insurance companies to agree to start writing those kinds of policies.

Honestly though, properly screening prospects and demanding first & last month along with one month deposit, tends to weed out the shitlords.  If they can swing that, chances are they make decent money decisions and will treat the property right, considering how much they've sunk into just getting in the door. 