If only the MTA allowed unfolded strollers on buses... London buses, both double and single decker, have at least two spaces which can be used either for wheelchairs or strollers to be parked on the bus.

Why can't NYC do the same? It would make traveling in the city with a child so much easier. Making people fold strollers makes things unnecessarily hard, especially if you're traveling with any bags as well which would otherwise fit under the stroller or hang from it. Buses can often be very crowded, and space is at a premium. While I understand the inconvenience of having to fold the stroller, the fact is, the stroller is foldable, and the additional people who can therefore fit on the bus are not.

Also, it would be pretty expensive to retrofit the city's thousands of buses to alleviate what amounts to a moderate inconvenience for a limited number of people. While I'm sympathetic to that inconvenience, given the MTA's financial situation, there are probably better ways the money could be spent. Strollers is ok for me and do not bother me. Can we ban those shopping cart things instead? They take up the most available space on the bus and make it hard to move in a crowded bus  Do you have spaces for Wheelchairs on NYC buses? Your decision to breed is not a handicap. Therefore, no consideration is made to you. True. But the question is: why did London consider this a helpful provision, and NYC did not? In London if the stroller parking space is unavailable you have to fold the stroller anyway.

It's arguable that actually, if a person is also carrying bags placed under the stroller, an unfolded stroller takes up less space than a folded one plus carrying the child and putting the bags and the stroller on the floor.

Not to mention: if someone has two children, they can easily go in a stacked single-width stroller but it would be very hard for the accompanying adult to carry both children and fold and juggle the stroller. Yes, all buses are wheelchair accessible, with boarding ramps and seating areas that must be vacated for disabled passengers. Because you were never in a stroller at any point in your life? > why did London consider this a helpful provision, and NYC did not?

Of course I can't know the answer to that, but I suspect that it's just a question of prioritization. Convenience vs. efficiency. Is it worth making things somewhat more convenient for a small number of people (as you said, there's limited space for unfolded strollers anyway) at the expense of being able to move the maximum number of people? London gave one answer, New York gave another. One answer may be preferable for you personally, but at a societal level, neither is wrong. It's just what's more suitable to that particular place, and apparently at some point New York decided (if it was indeed a conscious decision) that efficiency won out.

> It's arguable that actually, if a person is also carrying bags placed under the stroller, that an unfolded stroller takes up less space than a folded one plus carrying the child and putting the bags and the stroller on the floor.

Without a doubt, there are fringe cases where an unfolded stroller will take up less space. We could get into a whole discussion about how many bags qualify, the precise dimensions of the folded and unfolded stroller, etc. But there still has to be some sort of general answer, right? If you design the policy around the exceptions to the rule, you're probably not going to get the best policy. In London, when the bus is already busy, the driver will sometimes request that a parent fold up their stroller before being allowed on or wait for the next bus. If the parents get on first and the bus then becomes full, then the people at the next bus stop are out of luck. It's first come first served. 

However, the same bays are also designed for people in wheelchairs. I have never seen a driver refuse a disabled person access, although it probably happens for the same reason (i.e. already full). Most busses have been designed to carry wheelchair users, with the ability to lower the side of the bus so they can be level with the pavement to assist getting on and off. I expect there is also a health and safety aspect to the bays - wanting to ensure that wheelchairs won't go flying if the bus brakes hard or crashes. Do NYC busses have nowhere for wheelchair users?  Can strollers not go there then? (As a Londoner, I am just a wee bit confused about how Mums and Dads get on buses with buggies?) not on a NYC bus or subway, no. I was carried.  There has been court cases about it in England. 

note: Pushchair = stroller
https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/society/2017/jan/31/wheelchair-user-refused-space-on-bus-days-after-supreme-court-ruling

 All NYC buses are wheelchair accessible, with boarding ramps and marked areas that must be vacated if a wheelchair passenger boards. Serious question (I'm pregnant): what happened to your stroller when you got off the bus or subway? I can't imagine your parents carried you everywhere all the time. Kids are HEAVY after awhile.  Clearly the incident described shouldn't have happened. But the common sense idea that seated and standing people and also pushchairs (British English) or strollers (American English) should yield to wheelchairs is reasonable. Still doesn't mean that not providing any space for opened strollers is the best policy. We avoided rush hr with the stroller and used the bjorn instead. Also, my kid said good bye to the stroller the minute that he started walking. He is 2 1/2 and walks up to 40 blocks with no problem, after that he gets tired and we take a break. 
 I agree. The social convention is that pushchairs yield to wheelchairs. 
I was just saying that sadly it doesn’t always happen.  Impressive.

But how long does it take your 2.5 year old to walk 40 blocks?

This week it took 40 minutes to walk fewer than 2 cross town blocks with our almost 2 year old (albeit with much stopping to look at items of interest). He walks to daycare 5 blocks in 10 mins, so yeah we go at his pace.  By time you have no 3 you really value your pushchair! There will be no #3. I value my sanity.  Sanity is overated! Plus im in london so i can use a pram on the bus 😁 