Miracle on N 8th  Probably not a miracle. When my mom passed away last year, she had a few walkers in various conditions and a nearly unused wheelchair. Rather than pay to cart them away, my sister put them on the street one by one. It was a street with quite a few homeless/needy individuals. We watched out the window as each disappeared almost immediately. It seemed like a good and easy way to donate them to people in need. I'm surprised that one sat there long enough for you to grab a photo. [you hope it was a miracle ](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/4b/93/28/4b9328a11723696aa2b4dd6ef8c5aa43.jpg)  At least it's not painted white You gotta hope its a miracle Hey! That's my block. r/unexpectedmulaney Wheel it next to a parked truck, kneel down, look under the truck and start yelling *Stop it Grandma! This isn't funny anymore!* I remember when that bar was called Teddy's and my friend Ray Schinnery would play there once a month or so.  Used to go there with my ex and have a few Red Stripes, an awesome burger, listen to Ray play and maybe have a crème brûlée for dessert.  The place always had fabulous chefs that would rotate shifts during the week/month so you got to try all the different styles if you were a regular.  This was long before Williamsburg became such a hotspot.  Sometimes I really miss those days. Berry and N8th to be exact I was walking down the street and I noticed an abandoned wheelchair just off to the side.  Then I see a guy in his 40's come out of the Chinese takeout place near it, walk back to the wheelchair, get in and start begging for spare change.   I was a bit nonplussed at how nonchalantly the guy was--walking perfectly fine and then begging for money in his wheelchair. Lol Last week one of those ended up on the tracks at 125 Street Why not take it and sell it? I guess the hipster wheelchair craze went the way of the hipster vanity cane craze.  You did the right thing. I’m sorry about your mom. Lost mine last year, too. When my dad passed away we brought a walker and wheelchair to the hospital and gave it to the nurses on the cancer wing and told them to give them away. Don't worry, OP is the one who immediately found, took, and is currently using the wheelchair. Was probably somebody new in town. "Excuse me, are you Polish?"

"You gotta give those guys a ride kid, welcome to Brooklyn." I would say it's /r/unexpectedmulaney, but I fully expected to find the quote here.  happy cake day  Mine too. Bar is still called Teddy’s, new owners though In front of what used to be the Brooklyn Ale House. You are correct. I saw two people in wheelchairs once (more than a couple of decades ago) get into a fight, probably territorial regarding whose spot it was. When the loser backed down, he jumped up from his wheelchair and ran down the block pushing it, presumably until he was out of the other one's turf. That said, there really are people in wheelchairs begging for money who need both the chair and the money. Not all people who use chairs are unable to walk.  The other day I saw two guys arguing outside a bodega in Brooklyn. One was in a wheel chair. He started to leave crossing the street, then called out one more “Yeah fuck you!” over his shoulder. The other guy ran up and slapped him, then ran back to the bodega. Guy wheels back over to the corner, then jumps out of the chair and starts swinging! They went at it immediately.  > nonplussed

wow i can't believe that's an actual word. i learned something today Don’t be an asshole to the disabled. You have no idea what it’s really like until it’s you. You have no idea how humiliating it is to be a person in a chair. The stares. The people who make eye contact and then look away, ashamed, when you make eye contact. Like you’re something to be ashamed of. Because you’re their greatest fear. If you’ve never experienced life in a chair... go to the airport and tell them you’re disabled and utilize wheel chair services. Endure the endless humiliation and shame. Report back.

There are people who only need chairs temporarily or sometimes. Not all conditions require a chair 24/7. And most people recover from being in chairs.  I'm sorry for your loss as well. Reuse, reduce, recycle.

You found the better way. I’m sorry about your dad. What are three other things about him? It's not unusual. mine too Same owners of Soft Spot and Kilo Bravo. They still shoot there all the time. Oregano across the street. A great local Italian place if you have not tried it, def do so. The best part is that there’s no non-negative form. There’s no plussed. It’s just one of those weird words. I think you misunderstood my comment. There was a period of time in the early 2000s when hipsters with no disability at all carried “vanity canes” for style, not utility.  IIRC: Homeless, AIDS+ and new in town. “God damnit!” To go out at any time... B-burg up in this bitch. 16 years in the burg. Been to Oregano. The gnocchi is legit. Okay... but I didn’t experience that, I’m disabled, and other disabled people will misunderstand your jokes and intent. say more right now!  It’s hiliarious how this thread hinges on those who know Kid Gorgeous. 