What's with the periodic stench of the S Train platform in Grand Central Station?  I can never figure out the source, yet sometimes it's positively overwhelming. It's there maybe once a week or so. I work in Grand Central. It's a couple of the hobos. Some of them you can actually smell a good 30 feet away, from behind, and you just think to yourself, "fuck."

The top culprits are black wheelchair guy (so called to differentiate between him and white wheelchair guy and 'Captain Ahab', the wheelchair guy with the Puerto Rican flag and orange traffic pylon on one leg where it was amputated), and the extremely tall hobo.

Lately it's also been 'buffalo soldier' (the guy with the unkempt fro and severely torn black t-shirt hanging off him). He didn't stink at first, but neither did BWG. A month of shitting your pants in the spring and summer'll do it.

EDIT: to be clear, if one of the really stinky guys ever took the S, the smell would linger for quite some time after. Once or twice I've taken the S and seen one of them leaving, only to get on one of the cars and find the stench to be overwhelmingly nauseating.

EDIT 2: BWG will also piss or shit himself as a protest when he's unhappy. For instance, when they refuse him service at GNC because he keeps pissing in front of their store, out of protest, he'll piss in front of their store. As a child I was taught to automatically ridicule someone who called it the S train. I'll refrain until someone confirms or denys.  it smells like period? [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Necrosis). **NSFL** New York You sir, are a hobo connoisseur.  Wow, you answered so many questions that I didn't know I had until now.  Thanks :D Wow. Thanks for your thorough answer. I've been enlightened by your hobo breakdown. 

I definitely recognized that gag-inducing smell of unwashed human being but out of the multiple times I've smelled it on that platform, I never could identify a likely culprit.  BWG & Co. must have just passed through each time I was there waiting for the train.

The BWG/GNC relationship sounds like a vicious circle. I'm just a man like any other. A man who has seen too much. And smelled too much. You have no idea. In over 2 years working in Grand Central, I realized I know about 50 hobos and clinically insane people by sight. And smell.  