Crazy old guy berates old lady for seat  did he say “fucking spic” around the 0:45-0:48 mark?... While I can kind of see where he’s coming from, he doesn’t want to block the aisle with his walker so if he can sit in a certain spot people can continue to pass freely. 

Still, no need to jump straight to being an asshole and a racist.  I’d say he’s too much of a pussy to confront the man but then doesn’t he look at him at the end and say something like, “yeah I said that fuck you.” 

Some older guys seem to think they can get away with almost anything for being old.  Just like with the racist guy on the LIRR train - there's always a part of me that can understand WHY they went off even if I vehemently disagree with HOW they went about it. I eat uncooked hamburgers  seriously someone instead of just sitting on your ass recording it try to help Yup There was an old black guy with a walker who asked for my seat on the SBS. I had the single seat right behind the driver, the bus already had two elderly hispanic women in wheelchairs (the driver had to deny a wheelchair passenger because he wouldn't fit), and an old white lady with a walker partially blocking the pathway. I gave my seat to him no problem, but as I'm going to the elevated seats in the middle, I wonder to myself "how is he going to maneuver the walker when passengers come on?" As I said it he hugs his walker. Which sucked for him, he hugged it the entire ride. That's true, but you have to wonder why he only targeted that particular lady when there was another man behind her sitting in a similar kind of seat.  [deleted] you confront him and someone gets it on video, you're a racist. not worth it Ah yes, beef tartar sandwich. It's not my video, I found it on FB. A lot of the people were telling the person who recorded it the same thing, including me. Apparently this guy never pays his fare either and is obsessed with that particular seat for some reason. *yawns*

anger issues *and* destructively racist. surprise surprise... I guess that seat didn’t have the label. Usually it’s the first single seat with the disclaimer. I don’t know if you’ve just phrased that oddly or if you’re trying to ask something else, but it seems to me that you answered your own question.  It's because it's a seat reserved for people with disabilities and this guy is disabled, the woman should have gotten up but then again maybe she was disabled too  But she's old too Old women usually do have disabilities. They're very prone to arthritis, knee/hip problems, etc. He didn't know if she was disabled or not, he was just jumping to conclusions. Since he called her a spic I'm sure there was more to this than just disability. He probably wouldn't have went that hard if it were a white person sitting there. 