Any downhill paved roads or paths near Philadelphia? Hi, does anyone know of any downhill paved roads or paths near the Philadelphia area sans cars or motor vehicles where something like this would be possible?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiXl7MPNP0Q
 The wheelchair ramp at the end of South St.  There’s plenty in the western suburbs. Specifically I am thinking some of the areas that are adjacent to the western bank of the Schuylkill, such as Gladwyne, etc. But with even light traffic you’d have a very high chance of being run over so I wouldn’t recommend it. Usually that shit is done on closed roads if I am not mistaken.   if you're gunna do something crazy let me film it  Dude, does that look like a city?  You'll have to travel and hour or two West or better yet North to find roads suitable for that. Well that's what it meant when he says sans cars, but yes there is no where paved closed to cars where this would be possible. Because if anything like that existed it would be open to pedestrians do this still wouldn't be possible. Cynwyd heritage trail to manayunk bridge is a long descent closed to cars. Maybe the cemeteries on either side of that trail. Cart paths at golf courses.  Being closed to cars isn't the only problem, it really has to be closed to all things because what OP is looking to do is incredible dangerous.  Well then where's the line? Bikes are surely allowed down. Rollers blades, naturally. Scooters, sure. Skateboards? All are equally dangerous to others in the hands of a reckless person. It isn't impossible to do this safely, it just needs to be planned thoughtfully and executed with caution. Bike's have far more control, like breaks, there is almost no control a speeds this can obtain. There is no where you can do this safely without pre-closing the road completely. This isn't a normal activity and videos like the one OP are done are planned and coordinated.  When doing this, there's generally a group of people in contact over radios. When the rider is ready, everyone else blocks traffic to clear the road, he goes down, then everyone beats feet before cops arrive.  