Amid all the talks about aging rail systems in Boston/NYC/DC, a little reminder that SEPTA in the early 80s was worse  I rode an non-air conditioned El as a child. Imagine that. All the people who ride that El, sweating and smelling up a bunch of shacking metal boxes.  http://www.pa-trolley.org/Roster/Images/606/CoP606_Interior_sm.JPG "A passenger looked at me like I was crazy," Tomczuk said. "But then he started handing me the seats, and I kept throwing them until I got one caught. Fortunately, it brought the trolley to a stop."

__wow cool__ Wow. SEPTA sounds like it was a lot more fun back then. The white on slightly-off-black background on that site is hurting my eyes. I rode MTA all weekend. Granted it was a holiday weekend but EVERYTHING was broken down and out of service. Trains that had to stop because doors wouldn't shut, etc.  Made SEPTA look very good in comparison. Was this website made in 1993? The Metro in Montreal still isn't air conditioned, which was fine until it hit 88 on Friday.  The trolleys were the tip of the iceberg. The Norristown High Speed Line and Broad Street Lines had an average fleet of age of about 50 at that point because nobody wanted to buy new stock until they had to.

This is repeating itself on the Subway-Surface lines as they get ADA waiver after ADA waiver to defer having to buy cars that are wheelchair accessible. yeah i'm old. I recall many things being un-air conditioned like schools.  The exotic and mystifying fragrance of sweat and cheese... Ive seen this debate about the trolleys not being ADA compliant in another forum many times. To be honest with you, it sort of shocked me when I first came here and saw the trolleys dont even have bike racks, let alone any ADA seating or wheelchair lifts. 

Every one of them has a placard in them saying they were proudly rebuilt in the late 1990's and early 2000's. How they didn't have the foresight to correct this at that time is strange.  Funny thing about ADA compliance on the BSL: in something like 80% of stations, it's impossible to cross to the opposite platform without going out the turnstile and paying a second time. It's a shame they're not ADA compliant because I read somewhere that the Kawasaki Trolleys were/are the most reliable pieces of rolling stock they own.  The issue is structural. To put in a lift would mean having to totally redesign the doors which probably would be structurally problematic. In contrast getting perpetual waivers might be easier.

As it is they're already about 35 years old so replacements for them, the suburban trolleys to Media/Sharon Hill, and Broad Street should be done sooner than later. SEPTA's doing a big trolley modernization project now and it's honestly big bucks, which is why they didn't do it back in the 90s/early 00s. To make them accessible they're essentially going to have to move the whole system towards a more light rail-esque design, with consolidated platform stops, articulated cars, multi-door boarding, and signal priority. That means new infrastructure, new (custom) trolleys, and a LOT of political angst about the elimination of every-block stopping on the surface portions of the route.  That is a separate thing and older stations in NYC, Boston, and Chicago with side platforms have that issue. 

The ADA problems with the Subway-Surface lines is that the cars literally have no ability to get a wheelchair inside them. The press headaches SEPTA took for letting the BSL wither and the PCC's turn to crap more or less gave them the directive to go to Kawasaki  (then new to North America) and ask for tanks to be made. Granted this is when Budd was still around in Philly and Boeing-Vertol was in the region too.

And for the most part, they made tanks. Shortsightedness will be the sole victim for the Kawasaki LRV's. What customization does SEPTA require. City Hall curves or their stubbornness to go from trolley poles to pantogtaphs? Each locale is different. Street running light rail type trains where trolleys once ran is a big change. Philly uses a different track gauge thn the vast majority of the country, it's known as " Pennsylvania trolley gauge". Only other systems that use it are Pittsburgh and New Orleans. Makes it harder compared to buying off-the-shelf models used around the rest of the country. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Track_gauge_in_the_United_States#Non-standard_broad_gauge_systems_in_the_U.S. Track gauge isn't as big of a challenge versus loading gauge (car width/length) or having to deal with operating conditions. The Green Line in Boston needs customization to those circumstances as some of their track radii dating back nearly 120 years make off the shelf vehicles impossible even though they're standard gauge.

Switching gauges though manpower intensive isn't all that hard; around 1990 or so when the Norristown Line needed temporary stock some Market Street cars were put on standard gauge trucks as an interim measure. I think what SEPTA has as their standard (poles and single cars with no provision to run multi-car trains) makes things problematic. 