Anyone know when the light sculpture will be installed in Dilworth Park?  6 to 8 ~~weeks~~ years I was wondering the same thing! Unsure about that! My feeling is that; before they go installing fancy light sculpture; they should install an ADA elevator down to the subway train platform! They spent all that $$ put in elevators down to the concourse; and couldn't engineer build an elevator down to the subway train platform! Priorities? Yeah They want art before function!  As soon as they figure out which unions are involved with lit glass sidewalk signage with plumbing. Ok..when will those people using the elevator to the platform hit a fare box?  That's part of the renovation of city hall station, which has been put on hold until after the Pope's visit, and possibly the DNC as well. I thought you can get from the street to the new fairline and then down to both directions of the MFL now. Also to both trolley directions. Is this not true? More elevators are coming. Remember, the Broad Street Line City Hall Station Platforms are UNDER City Hall. Complex engineering has to be done in order to reinforce the buildings and station before elevator shafts can be drilled in. More detail in this article:  http://www.phillymag.com/news/2015/03/24/septa-city-hall-15th-street-station-renovations/ Perhaps just like the late all night riders pay the train operator. Some stations like Oregon you pay entering gate. People now pay on the concourse level. There just is no elevator down from the concourse to the train platform. They are nearing completion of construction of elevator from Broad & Vine St. Making it wheelchair accessible to the platform. I believe the first car is supposed to have bridge plate boarding for wheelchair. I know the new Regional rail trains have them built right into the train car. The conductor just flips it out and you wheelchair roll on and off at accessible stations. I've a whole new respect for folks who are wheelchair bound! It's a mess!  Trolley yes, MFL, yes I believe so. Just not Orange Broad Street line at City Hall. 