Guess I'm not using the sidewalk  Was out in my wheelchair today and couldn't get past the restaurant's tables as the only sidewalk that was left was the one that goes into the trees. Call 311 or L&I. I believe the fine is $300 per table.  Should motivate them to stop! https://media1.tenor.com/images/b2d1c32f15cd6674dd5d627ec3018196/tenor.gif?itemid=7768422 that is bullshit shame on them I hope you tried to go through and made a big scene out if it. This is ridiculous. I work in old city and there are several places especially on 2nd and 3rd and market that you literally cannot pass through.  Man fuck this, used to work there until recently, always made sure there was at least 36" of clearance and made sure the owner knew why.  Don't know why he's letting them set up this way, told him he'd get citied for it.  Place knows better. Nope Nope Nope! That doesn’t make for good Alfresco dining 🙈 They probably don’t even have the required Alfresco sidewalks permit in addition to over stepping its’ boundaries 🤔😡 I've been patronizing the place since 2014 or so, and I've never ever seen them have this setup even on busy Friday/weekend nights in the summer - they usually had two tables side by side for 2 to may be 6 people, if put together, never a setup with chairs encroaching on sidewalk like this. And right next to the entrance to the subway?

Single file traffic around their shitty tables will be really fun... DiD yOu CaLl ThE pOlIcE 🚓? We really don’t have a good reason for not having more cafe style restaurants. There’s still a place to walk.  Send this to 311 and tweet it to the streets department. ADA shit has gotten me a lot more aggressive about anyone blocking sidewalks and crosswalks. Fuck the people and businesses that do this. Market St in Old City is especially bad. Shit, the damn ramp is fucked up too

I was gonna say too bad you don't have a wheelchair That stinks.  It's a problem for people pushing strollers too.  What a mess. If you're a regular please tell them this ain't cool. Unfortunately cash Uber alles, they'll get the idea  It didn't make any sense considering it wasn't open yet and it was pouring out. Wheelchairs  I love when people say cops can do shit like park illegally in a crosswalk. There better be someone getting shot if you are going to block a handicap ramp. it is, getting between second and third is a disaster on a busy night Really this whole area looks like shit hardscape wise Yeah, generally we only put in the ADA ramp upgrades when someone modifies the property on the corner or utilities does some work near it. Generally the design-build for the ramps is in the range of $10k per. Oh, mos def will bring this up next time I'm over. I guess they don’t have wheelchairs in Europe.  I usually see bike lane more than sidewalk or curb cut, but it’s all bullshit.  lol
 It's a complete pain to go down Market St. I'm lucky to not be completely wheelchair bound as I only need it on really bad days. I live right down that side street and pass this multiple times a day. It’s been like this for at least 6 months every day unless it’s raining. Been a gigantic pain in the ass having to shimmy between that dumb fucking tree and the closest table. Can’t imagine I would handle it well if I was in a wheelchair. I like gaslight too, at least the happy hour. Franklin fountain always ensures there is a lot of foot traffic too which adds to the “congestion” Do you see enough room for a wheelchair to pass on this sidewalk? Are we talking about Europe here? Turns out if a bike lane is labled "no parking", cars can still "load/unload" for up to 20 min. [See "Vehicles in Bike Lanes" here.](https://bicyclecoalition.org/ride-your-bike/bike-laws/philadelphia-bike-laws/) That's really uncool. I've been over 2 or 3 times on a Saturday early afternoon, didn't see any of the sort, and nothing like shit show just half a block away (between 2nd and 3rd on south street of Market). Yes as in why there is no good reason for the lack of cafe style restaurants. It was my original comment.  Wheelchairs, can’t you read dummy They don’t have wheelchairs in Europe? FUCK YOU TROLL 