Accessible parking next to good food? Hi everyone,

I'm coming to Philly for a day in a few weeks. I'll have my mom with me, and I'd like to take her to dinner. I've been investigating the food, transportation, and tourist wikis, but I have a few questions that I'm hoping a local might have some insight into. (I'm also just looking at parking garages on google maps to see what's close by, but finding a lot of places way beyond my budget.)

The first and biggest issue is that my mom has lots of health concerns including mobility issues; she isn't able to walk long distances and is incredibly unsteady, and is still working with insurance to cover an electric wheelchair. So, as you can imagine, parking close to our destinations will be necessary. I love public transportation, but again, I'm afraid that packed transit + wobbly mom trying to stand = a bad fall. The second issue is that I'm vegan (she's not), so I need to find a place that has an option that's veg friendly.

As I'm going through likely restaurants, I'm finding that (guaranteed) parking is 3 or 4 blocks away, and I'm afraid that would wreck her. :( Any locals know of a magical spot that I could take her? Vietnam Cafe in west Philly has vegan options and a parking lot.  Its not necessarily the most "authentic" but I never got something I didn't like there.  its nice inside too.

edit: wait....download Uber/lyft.  in Philly, u can get an uber/lyft at any time and go anywhere.   Think about Uber or Lyft. If your mom has a regular wheelchair, Uber offers a wheelchair accessible vehicle (uberWAV).

If your mom can handle a walk around the block or has a wheelchair, park at the lot at 20th and Sansom (it's a flat lot - no stairs or ramps) and walk over to V Street. Han Dynasty University City. There's a parking garage right behind the restaurant at 3711 Filbert St that is free at night. You still have to get a ticket, but just ask the host when leaving for a parking voucher. When you park your car, just go through the building. Everything is handicap accessible. 

As for food there, pretty decent vegan options even for family style. If you can't handle spicy, just lower the number on the spice (2-3 if you can't do spicy should be fine).

Make sure to get the snow pea leaves with garlic, spicy crispy cucumber (appetizer), and probably dry pot style with fried tofu if you go.

Good luck! 

http://bit.ly/2rRkQUm Pizzeria Stella has a parking garage right next to it, and they'll validate your ticket. They definitely have some vegan friendly pizzas/salads on their menu. 

Also, don't be afraid to use Uber/Lyft like coastbutter mentioned. That will increase your options exponentially. At that point, my go to parking garage on the fringe of center city is the one at 1540 vine street. You'll have no issues getting a Uber/Lyft from there.    Depending on the location, there might be the possibility of parking in front of the place with your flashers on until you can get mom out safely, then parking the car, and doing the same in reverse when you're through. Of course, this would only work if you have a third party with you. If it's just you and her, Uber or even a taxi might be your best bet. There is a large lot at 23rd and Fairmount and a bunch of restaurants nearby. There is also a decent amount of parking and you might be able to park right out front. [W.M. Mulherins](http://www.philly.com/philly/food/20160717_LaBan_review_Wm__Mulherins_Sons_restaurant_Fishtown.html) in Fishtown. Has it's own little lot, then there's a pay lot across the street. Accessible parking at the PPA lot on Girard and Thompson (as long as some asshole isn't parked in the lines), and on-street parking nearby as well.

I'm actually serious with this suggestion -- if you wanted some help getting around, or ensuring a spot, shoot me a PM. I live right near there. 

Other spots nearby that are wheelchair accessible are Kensington Quarters, Root, Fette Sau, Front Street Cafe, and that Fishtown Wine Bar spot.  I'm vegan. How fancy of a place are you looking for? I took my not-veg-friendly family to Farmacia when I graduated and there is a paid parking lot next door. Lots are kind of risky though since there's the potential for them to be full and no way to plan for that in advance. Uber is a great idea, but that still doesn't solve the question of what's a great place for one veg and one non. Are there specific styles of food your mom likes? My parents won't eat anything "ethnic" (ugh) and that really limits things. The easiest way to accommodate both vegans and omnis, in my experience, is to go to a place that's thai, indian, or ethiopian. Most of the smaller streets north of chinatown are free parking. Find a spot and walk a few blocks south into chinatown and try everything. Yikes... I totally forgot that Uber and Lyft existed. I'm in Baltimore, and so used to taking her to places with convenient parking without using either service. Thank you! :) Funny, worst Viet food spot I have been to and more expensive as well. Maybe I should give it another try... I'm so used to my own city and where to go I didn't realize that Uber has wheelchair accessibility! That's awesome to know, thank you! :D That's a great option- love han and love the parking! Get the home style tofu Should add, that Gateway Parking garage is $5 after 5pm M-F, and $7 on weekends.  More than likely it'll just be the two of us, so I think the Uber idea is winning out. Though, if I can get a friend to tag along, I'll probably try your recommendation; if I can forgo Uber, that will mean dessert/extra drinks. :) Awesome! I'm going to check that out now, thank you! :) Never been to their Cafe in UCity, but I LOVE their first restaurant in Chinatown.  Never had a bad meal there. Awesome, thank you for the recommendations! :) That's really good for parking; though I forgot that Uber is a thing that exists, it'll open up a ton of options. :) Zorbas is a good Greek place. I believe it is byob. Bishop's collar and London grill are good pub/ bar food. Rembrandts I've heard good things about but have only done brunch I 100% agree with you on that, their sister restaurant is slammin, spring rolls are crack.  