You'll never see Philly sports fans depicted like this on the front page of Reddit or in the media.  Hey r/all folk,

You're right: the city burnt down and thousands were killed. Philadelphia is the worst place on Earth.

Now that you've had your bias confirmed, you can close this tab without leaving a comment in the thread.

.

.

.

Philadelphia folk - enjoy your free beer! See you all at the parade! Oh God, they've run out of batteries, they're throwing that poor disabled man! You might, but the headline would be something like “Rioting Philadelphia fans throw wheelchair bound cancer patient into the Schuylkill River”. Isn't it a good thing they media doesn't depict us scraficing a handicapped person? eAgLeS fAnS aBsOlUtElY sLaUgHtEr mAn In WhEeLcHaIr I'm here from /r/all and now your title is confusing. My man SteelWheels! I’m one of the guys holding him up. One of my good friends from high school, and one of the best people you’ll ever meet. Lives in Pittsburgh now but the biggest Philly fan you’ll ever meet.  Serious question, can you get a DUI for being drunk in a wheelchair?   Well those aren't the kind of Philly fans that give us the bad name.  The bad eggs that give Philly the bad name would have probably tipped the wheelchair instead of raising him up. 2 minutes later...his wheelchair is booted for illegal parking. That looks dangerous for fingers I love this so much  I was about 20 feet away when this was taken. You can probably see me if the background was more clear. It was one of the greatest things I saw that night. I think this belongs here /r/accidentalrenaissance After consuming horse feces, fans took a wheelchair bound man and threw him through the Macy's window. Risking life and limb, the man was able to secure higher ground upon an awning on the four seasons hotel. Noting his whereabouts, the rabble quickly descended upon him with great fury causing the awning to collapse. 

Or something like that...

 Know your pain Philly friends. Chicago here, were apparently worse than ISIS I saw this on r/all, so I'm happy to prove you wrong 'cause that's a great picture. Helping cripples riot too. Very anti-ableist and brave.  Yeah there were a few assholes but almost everyone was high fiving and hugging and drinking beers together with strangers.

Absolute happiness between people.  [removed] I just saw it on the front page, so good job. All hail Steel Wheels! Went to school with this dude  *Nothin' can stop me, I'm all the way up* Eagles fans get such a bad rap, its sickening. I've been suffering from severe depression for the past 20 years and tried to take my life on Saturday. After the super bowl win, I mentioned something in a comment about how inspiring the team has been. I was immediately flooded with both private and public support including offers to help pay for therapy if I needed it. For every asshole from Chester County encouraging people to flip a car over, there's 100 people who make this place the city of brotherly love. But you won't hear any of this good, supportive shit from the national media because fuck Philly sports fans, right? Plot twist: they're actually sacrificing him to Nick Foles  Ray is one of my former students! Awesome picture!!! People are so ridiculous. Didn’t encounter a rude person the whole time I was there.  That’s because these kids just stole this wheelchair and are being drunk animals with it  I don't understand why philly gets so much hate, we hardly ever win anything. Fuck 'em. We won the Superbowl and it's the laziest way to hate us. No one likes us we don't care Awesome photo!  Really cool photo, thanks for sharing! Jesus, Philly. Enough with the victim complex. I’ve never seen people feel so bad for themselves because they got everything they wanted. Man, what's with every single group having a victim complex nowadays?  They were probably throwing him at Santa Claus  If it was Boston, they would be trying to throw him through a sign. Lol those post superbowl vids are what makes a city so great. Can't wait till Buffalo wins one... oh wait, I can, and I will, and I am. And I shall.  I guess people eating horse crap off the streets and stores being thrashed is more newsworthy.   I think it's a bit rude to accuse them all of being wheelchair thieves. This was the crowd getting ready to see if they could throw that poor guy on top of a greased up pole. You know, because Santa and iceballs.  So inspiring that even disabled people can participate in burning down the city I upvoted this just to prove you wrong. But...I did....I just saw Philly sports fans depicted like this on the front page. That is where I saw this.... Why are they throwing him in the trash? Why, are they tossing him off the bridge for fun, or do they just need the wheelchair? THAT GUY GRABBED MY FRIENDS BOTTLE OF WINE, CHUGGED IT, THREW IT IN THE AIR AND NEARLY HIT ME IN THE HEAD Haha, this post took on an entirely new meaning now that it is deleted. You Eagles fans are crazy. You have a magical year, beat the most hated team currently in pro sports, win a Super Bowl in dramatic fashion...and you're still playing the victim card? This looks like a good Xpost to r/accidentalrenaissance because of how happy that guy looks and all the chaos around him. 

I dunno if you took the original picture, but thank you for sharing! Always glad to see Philly pictured in a positive light. Well to be fair you guys did riot and vandalize your own town after winning a Super Bowl Apparently Philly is weak af and easily offended by the internet. When people are literally eating shit, it’s hard to remember much else  He could walk before the Super Bowl. Damn you Philly fans! This was right before they pile drive him into the ground, miraculously curing his paralysis. Philly fans burn half of Pennsylvania to the ground but aw they picked up a guy in a wheelchair so it’s all good lol What wasn't shown is they probably went to a bridge and threw him off it Why were they throwing disabled people? Probably used him to bash a window in.  They're just trying to steal the wheelchair so they can pawn it. I wish I could hit the love button lol RIP wheelchair guy To be fair they are shaking him down for more D cell batteries to throw Why did I just come here after seeing this on the front page? Quit your whining He was being offered for sacrifice Yeah you’re right I saw a guy eat horse shit tho  Has any one else seen the philly fan eating horse shit as a celebration? Terrorizing a poor disabled man?

Seams right in line. “Violent Philly Fans Overturn Car, Wheelchair” Dude, they ended up tossing him off a bridge. He was struggling the whole time. That’s because the exception does not make the rule probably because there are countless videos of you people being assholes. one redeeming photo does not make everything else disappear. Even if there were 10 redeeming photos it does not make the destruction you morons caused go away. 

sure, none of the posters here may have been involved, but you cant take ownership of your professional sports teams win that you had no part of if youre not also going to take ownership of the aftermath that you had no part of. Look, you guys won’t be able to live down all the shit you’ve been doing after the win so just relax and accept it does this happen more often than drunk people being idiots?

cuz i really doubt that, in ANY city They weren't carrying him. They were getting ready to throw him through a store window. Maybe you shouldn't flip cars, then? They were using him to break store front windows  Is this before or after the fans destroyed half the city and looted everything? And deservedly so.... Well, let's get it on the front page.  And the inter-webs fell for it
https://i.imgflip.com/hcv9s.jpg Looks like you were wrong Instagram is better then reddit. It's official Handicapped? Clickbait has become its own virus trying to infect our nation. Love this pic I bet the guy in wheelchair fell from top of a light pole. Moments before turning over his wheelchair and setting fire to it That's because this didn't cost anyone anything. The title is inaccurate. I dunno. This looks like the front page to me... Edmonton, Alberta, 2017, Oilers playoff run.  100% witnessed this.
 /r/HumanPorn  Top front page bait I saw a guy in a wheelchair pit and crowd surf at an e-town concrete, madball and sworn enemy show last year, some of the toughest bands with the toughest pits in the scene, but nobody fucked that up, it was beautiful. You're telling me reddit circle jerks around convenient narratives while ignoring conflicting facts? Must be because Trump's a Nazi.  :) Actually they're robbing him Video video video!  

Video bot!  Video now damn it  They were stealing his chair. Be honest.  This picture makes the ‘Rolling Stoner’ sweatshirt he designed @realsteelwheels second coolest accomplishment *Moments before drunkenly dropping the disabled man on his head* ....and they take him down into the suplex! BAM! Now he's a quad! The irony of this being on the front page. Because in the next frame the crowd ate him.  Right before they took his wheelchair  Shocking scene of Philadelphia sports fans throwing crippled man at Patriots fans.
        
                 -CNN They threw him into an apple store He was immediately flung out of his chair and had to crawl home just after this photo was taken Omg that’s ray steel wheels!!!! I went to school with him. Cool dude! because the guy in the wheelchair actually stole that wheelchair from an actual paraplegic so that he could take this picture. <jk> who cares Pretty sure they were about to throw him into the Schuylkill River. Just stopping by to say I love youz guys and this is a beautiful photo.  That guy is about to get reparalyzed. We All We Got We All We Need T-Shirt
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B079NZ37YW How about you guys own up to your cities fuck up instead of stupidly defending yourselves with pictures mostly unrelated to the riots.  Us vancouverites owned up to our Stanley cup riots in 2011, we definitely didn't try to get disabled pitty points trying to justify the stupidest night in the city.  

For those saying it wasn't a riot, there's video evidence to the contrary

https://youtu.be/bFlm4R7efDc

http://www.bbc.com/news/av/world-us-canada-42945804/eagles-first-super-bowl-win-sparks-riots-in-philadelphia

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2018/02/05/why-do-fans-riot-after-a-win-the-science-behind-philadelphias-super-bowl-chaos/

https://www.reuters.com/article/us-football-nfl-superbowl-philadelphia/philadelphia-fans-set-fire-damage-property-after-super-bowl-win-idUSKBN1FP0YH They lifted a guy in a fucking wheelchair, so what? That doesn’t explain all of the vandalism  I mean you still ransacked stores, destroyed city property and literally ate shit. The media isnt being misleading........  You guys literally ate shit.  This pic doesn't change that. Nah you assholes sure know how to destroy a stadium though. Idc about losing to the eagles after the reports the last two weeks my goal is so piss on as many eagles fans as possible and kick a bunch of seats out of old Linc. Congrats this picture depicts one small group of non-asshole philly fans. [deleted] Nope but I did see the video of a philly fan eating shit off the ground Not pictured: the other handicapped men they had already tipped over. Oh hey one positive thing out of being complete idiots.  You idiots rioted and destroyed your own town, because *your team won at Sports Ball*.  Congratulations, Philly is a bunch of fucking morons. 


INB4: "But that was a minority of people rioting".  If that were true, the good people  would have stopped the minority.   Hey look, one cool thing they did while destroying the city! You guys were literally pissing in sinks at the game on Sunday because the 2 minute urinal line was too long for you. Bunch of fucking animals. They spiked him into the ground  What? Mugging that poor disabled man?! Fun Fact: the guy in the chair stole it from a handicapped person  look they do one good thing, they redeemed now - Some dude on the internet. If I had to live in philly, I wouldnt have the will to walk either Because it's an anomaly. Philly fans are idiots and goons.  How classy are the philly fans to pelt the bus carrying the Vikings players with beers and garbage, after they decisively beat them.  One of the worse displays I have ever seen.  This is what Philadelphia is all about. I would love to see this on a mural and not the one that’s being crowdfunded  I mean this is amazing but one of your own did eat horse shit off the street.  Post is on front page.. fucking jinxed it After tipping over cars, they are now tipping over wheelchairs?     
At least make sure you remove the man from the wheelchair before you tip it over people....   The other fans are probably the reason he is in that wheelchair.  They probably knocked him off of a lamp post by throwing beers at his head. Perhaps having a large sample size of people reveals that humans can be both amazing and terrible at the same time? 

Or maybe they’re just about to throw a cripple for a touchdown.  Yea and he got paralyzed at the last mob gathering.
 And if he were in any other jersey they'd be throwing him into the dumpster.  Guy on the bottom is collecting all the change that feel out of wheel's pockets.  Why would we when there's guys eating horse shit off the ground In West Philly there was once a conflict that drove a young Will Smith out of the city and to Bel Air. That’s all I need to know about Philly.  Did the guy who ate the horse shit already become disabled? R/accidentalrennaisance Let's not forgot you guys ate hourse poop....... This makes up for everything  Putting someone in the air because they're in a wheelchair seems like some self flattery shit. "This guys in a wheelchair, if we lift him up, we're good people" Don’t believe their shitty city propaganda, they’re dumping this guy out so they can use it as a go cart  And yet here it is, on the front page of Reddit.  Probably because you literally trashed your city.... i think that paints a better picture than this Lmao philly is still a piece of shit Probably because most of what your fan base does is horrible. You’re garbage people. Concussions: 100+

Broken bones: 1000+

Lacerations: 2000+

Wheelchair crowdsurf: <5

i wonder why Which is more newsworthy? Thousands of dollars in damage or some people behaving the way they should (being decent). It would be blatant bias to report on the non-news over the crime. The violence and destruction is the actual news, not some conspiracy to slander and shit on philly.  And then that guy in the wheelchair hucked the biggest goddamn Molotov cocktail that Philly had ever seen. because the rest of them destroyed their own city lmao Phillie fans are brutal indeed.   They're dumping him out of his wheelchair to throw it at the Wawa True but doesn't change the fact of what did happen You missed the part where they help him eat horse shit off the ground too! then tell your fellow Philadelphians not to flip cars and shit.  Because most of them are destroying the city If 99 people are destroying the city and one guy is doing something decent, it's still a majority terrible.  Well it's on the front page now. So fuck off with that "oh my city isn't shit" stuff when it clearly is.  Because it doesn't accurately portray the fact that even though the majority of philly fans are wonderful people there's still a disproportionate amount of truly awful fans in philidelphia.  Really nice moment captured here though. .........exept that this is on the front page... so youre wrong.... apparently.  Downvoted so you could stay off the front page and maintain your martyr complex. Go eat more horse shit retards You made your bed now sleep in it fuck boy  They savages  [deleted] Why is it on the front page of my Reddit then? And why does it look like this photo came from Facebook? Wouldn’t this guy in a wheelchair being lifted up, something that we don’t see all the time, be a fairly popular image? Did you hear any of the police radio after the super bowl? Within 2 hours of winning many things that weren't bolted down, and some that were, were destroyed. Lamp posts ripped down, a car tipped over, a police officer ran over by an ATV, a ridiculous number of large concrete planters tipped over, stores looted, people climbing on firetrucks preventing them from getting to emergencies, etc... And that's all I can recall hearing off the top of my head from listening to it for 40ish minutes an hour after the victory.

Don't blame the media when anyone can listen to what the police had to go through all night.  No, we won't. So those fires and that car flip was just CGI or something? Lieutenant Dan! Maybe because they destroyed parts of the city.... They threw him... Fly Eagle fly, oh shit he no fly, he ded! Thats because the photo is at an angle such that you can’t see the bodies they are standing on The real question is why does anyone care how they are depicted on Reddit or in the media? and Hitler loved dogs.
 Yabbut, wasn't he then thrown to the ground and stomped to death? Id like to imagine that you animals in Philadelphia ate the guy in the wheelchair. Fuck the eagles ! Who cares about Philadelphia? 🤔 That's because after the game in philly there were fires, fights, cars being flipped. I also happen to live in Minnesota and i was here during the Superbowl. Most people wearing team gear that were rude were wearing philly gear. Just how some bad doesn't make all bad,  some good doesn't make all good. There was more bad than good and that's how the perception was made.  A niner fan here, just recently moved to the tri state area.

I'm going with my buddies (eagles fans obv) because I wouldn't miss this party for anything.

Took their future QB and you guys stuck it to em.  I'd say that's a reason to celebrate

Cheers! Everyone’s dead! Gotta love the brigades downvoting anything supportive of Philly. Idiots probably read a couple headlines and thought they actually knew something. Perhaps a more raw, honest depiction than the media: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlsFQQhIBaM You forgot to mention the poop eating. Whoa now, us Minnesotans already have the title of most passive aggressive state. Don't try to take that from us.  Let them have fun > bias confirmed

Jesus, take it easy pal, this isn't a fucking high school debate class. A bunch of people in Philly did some stupid shit, so naturally there's going to be done negative attention coming this sub's way for a little bit. Just enjoy the ride and don't take yourself too seriously.

EDIT: downvoted, lol. Self awareness level: zero. Philly getting straight roasted in the comments here. On your own subreddit also. Shame.  They are making man in wheelchair sized snowballs to throw at Santa Claus now! The fans must not be *that* bad; from the looks of things, the disabled guy is AA-size at most.   I assume he's getting thrown through a window. First they came for the cars, and I did not speak out, for I am not a car.

Then they came for the invalid, and I did not speak out, for I am not disabled.

And then they came for me. . . You spelled the river name too perfectly.  Philly fans emulate favorite scene of one the worst movies ever at 4:20 am Monday morning when they threw a wheelchair bound boy onto a step incline that lead straight into the frigid waters of the Delaware River. The child ended up medicopter to CHOP where he died still chanting, ‘E-A-G.’ 

To the shock of Philly fans, no alien awoke from the event although Paul Rudd has since given his full endorsement to the city and its fans.  [deleted] CNN has confirmed this story.  just did a genuine spit take  Remember a couple days ago when people compared your celebration to the Michael Brown riots lol.  Hey throwing people into the Schuylkill is a customary celebration, there’s no reason to hate on that.  at least it's not the Delaware! ^ Native Is it sad the first thing I thought when I saw this picture "what happened right after this"

Because I can see a bunch of drunken people thinking it'll be a good idea to try to get him on top of a bus stop  “Skookl” ftfy If you don’t put that on r/peoplefuckingdying I will Then they beat a poor African American teen just shooting some bball outside his school so badly he had to move to Bel-Air > You idiots rioted and destroyed your own town, because your team won at Sports Ball. Congratulations, Philly is a bunch of fucking morons.
> 
> 
> 
> INB4: "But that was a minority of people rioting". If that were true, the good people would have stopped the minority. 

 Schuykill? never heard of it. Do you mean the shoar-kill or the Skolkil? Yes, lest the rest of the country learns the true source of Foles’  power.  So thats how ya ll won r/peoplefuckingdying I posted something similar a while back. 

 https://i.imgur.com/eggpgmM.gifv


https://www.reddit.com/r/PeopleFuckingDying/comments/5kc0qm/crowd_puts_a_paraplegic_out_of_her_misery
 /r/fuckingdyingpeople /r/PeopleFuckingDying /r/peoplefuckingdying [deleted] [deleted] Someone literally ate horse shit and Philly fans are trying to say it was an orderly affair.  Since you made it to the front page, you can make it anywhere!  Ray is the motha fuckin man! Went to IUP with him. Can't believe I just saw him on the front page lmao Yes. That's why you should walk home instead! Yes.
http://blogs.findlaw.com/blotter/2014/04/yes-you-can-get-a-dui-in-a-wheelchair.html You'd probably have to cause some real trouble to get a cop to be interested in going after that though.  Most state's laws are written that you're ok as long as the vehicle is powered by a human. Hence the DUIs on riding lawnmowers and Zambonis.

Some states have DUI laws regarding bicycles and horses.

 I've partied with the guy in the wheelchair many times and if he gets too drunk to push himself someone else will push him. Basically designated driver
 Plot twist:  the guy in the wheelchair IS the kind of fan that gives Philly a bad name and the only thing stopping him is the happy mob.

How's that for subverting expectations? I’ve always taken it as most of our city is great and it’s kind of the inside joke among ourselves that we’re as bad as the media makes
us out to be. In the end that’s just another thing that brings us together and makes us even better. 

The fact that the players and coaches, and even great fans from other cities, know our true nature is made obvious when you see some of the gracious posts made in Philly sports forums by visiting fans, and when you see the type of players who specifically want to play for us (looking at you Chris Long!) and head other coaches speak highly of us. 

Truth be told, the media and their perception of practically everything is off by miles. The people who buy into that, including the actual dumbasses from around here that do 99% of the stupid shit we get discriminated against for, are they’re own self perpetuating cycle of shit. 

The media and the little fuckers who perpetuated our infamous myths really just want to bring us down and tear us apart but we don’t let them. In fact, the more they do that the more they help build us up, and  it’s because of us coming together despite our ‘public image’ and because pics like the one above and everything else that I just mentioned that I’m grateful to be a Philadelphia sports fan and I really do love my brothers in that regard. As long as we keep being great, I think we’ll keep the reputation we have with the people that matter and I don’t give a fuck what any person outside this city thinks about us.  The Philly fans that give Philly a bad name aren’t actually from Philly but the surrounding areas and love to claim Philly.

See: dude from Malvern who was arrested for flipping a car.  The Philly fans who give us a bad name are from Delco Business never sleeps for the PPA idk what the deleted comment said but if it was "that's what she said" then it bears repeating [deleted] >No, you will never walk again. But you will fly!  the greatest thing I saw was the crowd line dancing in south Philly lol I thought this immediately.  My husband is 2000 miles away for a business trip right now.  As soon as they found out he was from Philly, they referenced the horse-shit eating.  Didn't mention the Super Bowl win, just the horse shit. Haha, of course after I say that I have to get proved wrong by my own post.  Anti-ableist allies!  Nah, dude stole it from [Lori Nichols of NJ.com](https://instagram.com/p/Be0i8CxhvYV/). She’s a good friend of mine, and that’s a shit move by Fleming. So glad you’re still here! This was a win for the ages. And you’re right, Philly fan have such a bad rep, it’s ridiculous. Stay strong and stick around! [removed] Every single person i saw on Sunday was so happy and nice. I hugged about 150 people. The comments in this thread by visitors who were not there are just proving the point that OP was making.  Well then I guess there were no rude people there. Solid logic I would like to direct your attention to the commander in queef.  "Hey! Pulling down street lights is NOTHING compared to helping a dude in a wheelchair crowdsurf. Bitchin."  The underdog trope didn’t stop when they won, it only got worse This comment made me smile.  

I’m not from Philly though, so it wasn’t a shit-eating grin.  People shitting all over us for years is why. We love our city and we're proud of it, warts and all. I don't think defending your home on Reddit counts as a victim complex. [removed] What's with reddit making a mountain out of a mole Hill and wondering why people are proving them wrong ??? Hmmmmmmmmm Nah it's just the latest hitch hiker bot As a reminder, someone died when Boston won the World Series.

Wait, *don't* remember that - keep chanting "Philly has the worst fans". Seriously. A few people being decent isn’t news.  Store. Singular.  Why would we not be offended? The city was amazing on Sunday and anyone who who was there will tell you that. But all we heard was how the city was trashed (it wasnt).  We can't defend our city from salty losers? [deleted] [Okay](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nbcboston.com/news/local/UMass-Amherst-Students-Riot-After-Patriots-Loss-472680563.html%3famp=y)  You'd be too if you only had ugly bridges.  What the fuck are you talking about.  Where are you from?  Half of PA aren't even eagle fans.  Eagles are in the east, Ravens in the middle and the Steelers on the western part.  smfh [removed] @realsteelwheels is just fine after this photo lol  This one? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wVr0D5n8y4 There were 10s of thousands of people out celebrating on Broad St. Do you honestly think all of them, or even the majority of them, were tearing down lamp posts and eating horse shit? If anything it's the people misbehaving that are the exception to the rule. 30,000 happy people dancing and high-fiving each other isn't newsworthy, but 100 people acting like shitheads gives people the opportunity to clutch their self-righteous pearls. It's funny how the estimated 200,000 people on broad street were mostly peaceful, but the few exceptions are now the rule. Do you even realize how many people were out there?  Exactly why this picture is a better depiction than a picture of people flipping a car.  You people? You people who? What're you racist?  Videos from half a century ago. Let it go Spoken like someone who wasnt there. Stick to posting shitty political memes  That didn't happen, so imma say neither ...what are you talking about? The city is fine. Do people really think there was mass destruction? The city is fine. None of the city is destroyed. Stop being a dramatic pussy.  GTFO people having fun is not a riot. One window being smashed does not make a riot We have a very large and extremely passionate fan base. There are always going to be a couple of drunk assholes that go too far. The reaction here is because we get attacked from all sides constantly and have had people shitting on us and our city for years. We hate the bad actors among us too.  What people did in Vancouver doesn't come CLOSE to what happened in Philly. It's a joke you're even comparing the two All the vandalism? Really?  One guy* Cavs did it first  One guy. And he didn't hurt anybody but himself so who really fucking cares. My god “Idc about losing”

lolololololololololol Vikings fans sure are some sore losers. Spoken with true class Whole experience was incredible. City was so happy. Everyone was giving out free beer. Everyone was signing. Everyone was hugging. It was great. it is pretty clear, however, that you were not that. You are the total loser.  How was the city ruined?  Hey buddy, it's your town too. How was the city ruined? It wasn't Give one example of our city being destoryed. Just one. A broken window doesn't count, because that's just one window The whole city was destroyed? The 6th largest city in the US? 1.5 million people have their city in ruins??? 

Not even one tiny part of the city is destroyed. Not even one block. But nice try though. Yeah that never happens anywhere else! Drunk people are definitely not known for peeing every ten seconds and unzipping their fly wherever possible ! FUCKING NEVER  Fake news. I know him. It’s his.   Yep. That's all of us. Just like that drunk fucking vikings fan who got kicked out of the linc for spitting on people is all of you. Yep. That's exactly how all of this works.  Honestly should have hit them getting on the bus. That would have taught them a better lesson.  at least you tried bud Poup Didnt happen and you werent thee. Post more truck pics bud Not denying anything that happened but you seem to have a pretty loose definition of "literally trashed" Takes a piece of shit to know a piece of shit, gtfo Still upset over the Vikings loss little man? Slip on ice you fucking cake eater  ah yes, let's post some made up numbers Got a source on that pal? Because that's total bullshit  Doesn't sound accurate at all. I wonder why??  Violence and destruction? The hyperbole is strong with this one What about Eagle fans? Who said ANYTHING about the Phillies? Who the fuck taught you to spell? Which is? What? People being happy? 1 car? flipped by someone not from philly? Keep commenting on gonewild posts you fuck Dude wasn't even from here He's from Malvern. And car. Singular.  The whole city was destroyed? Really??!  Really? Can you provide one example?  We have a population of 1.3 million. Go fuck yourself. Sucking on Donnie’s koolaide  On the upside, he *did* also kill Hitler. You do, apparently. Wish I'd seen this earlier - this is so much more honest, warts included. Ok, I’ll mention it.

Eat shit You’re getting downvoted because you’re talking like a pompous jerkoff with zero understanding of how frequently and consistently the media slants it’s “Philly fan” news.  Not really surprising given how many skyscrapers were toppled. No we didn't  AA is for quitters.  Eagles fans don't quit. I just read that the other day there’s a whole county of us! reading it, I can't remember how it's pronounced so I will call it Skullkill > “Rioting Philadelphia fans throw wheelchair bound cancer patient into the Schgoogle River” I'm finally using my journalism degree! >If that were true, the good people would have stopped the minority.

They did.  There was almost no property damage on Sunday night.  Get over yourself.  Gonna need an immunization shot after that Supposedly the headlines were a lot more dramatic than reality warranted. A lot of it was probably based on Philly's poor reputation. It also says that you'll never see fans depicted like this on the front page of reddit. Yet that's where I came from. 1 car, not cars. And the douchebags who did that will be arrested. One of them, from Malvern not Philly, go figure, has already been arrested. Op and some Philly fans want a pat on the back for not being destructive dicks. Everytown does that.  Boston, Toronto, NE, Pretty much all of Europe.  Philly gets a rap for it I think more because they just embrace it, but stupid drunken idiots are everywhere > what kind of headlines do you expect?

Relatively tame weekend in Philadelphia? Flipping car singular. And they caught those assholes. And it turns out those assholes weren't even from here. 

Oh and the fires? Greatly exaggerated. No buildings were burnt or anything like that, just some barrel fires and a christmas tree that was found on the sidewalk.  Picture was taken minutes before they throw man in wheelchair into a window.  Well, every fan base does that after winning a championship but you guys literally ate shit. "I know this is an unpopular opinion..." Cleveland did that first. Ouch. But it has to be motorized. Guarantee if I was I cop, this would happen on my first day.  Or, the reason he's in a wheelchair was because he fucked up his back and legs trying to flip over a car after the Phillies won in 2008. Calm down, Rian Johnson. > and the only thing stopping him is the happy mob.

Not his disability?  Well said. I didn’t even grow up here (grew up in NY) and moved here in 2012 and I love this fuckin city. Too bad the rest of the country can’t see how great it is.  There's trouble in any major city when sports teams win or lose big championships.  Philly is no different. Hey... I'm here from /r/all and never heard any 'bad' impressions of Philly while living in the US or now as as non-resident or anything...

...but destroying *any* amount of a city over a ball game is just stupid. I didn't have a bad impression of Philly before (and I don't now either to be fair...), but I can 100% understand why people would lose respect for a franchise or a city for this kind of chaos over a bunch of 30 year old boys throwing a ball around. People are growing out of this "we" won mentality and i think that's a good thing. city pride is important. but those jerks who fucked up your town didn't have dick to do with that win. Celebrating is all well and good but its fucking stupid to celebrate your city/franchise by flipping the bitch. 

I now live in Canada (I'm not American or Canadian btw... just move around a lot!) and have met a good few people who lost respect for the Canucks/Vancouverites (dunno what the demonym is here) following the riots in 2010 for the same reason... why? it's fucking stupid... and [i think at least] Vancouver isn't given a bad reputation in the media so I don't think it's fair to say that it's all about media depiction... maybe people are just 'over' adults over-reacting to games? Maybe we care about our communities more than to set them on fire or throw adult sized tantrums over grown men who are overpaid to throw a ball right and crush each others shoulders, of all things. We aren't even allowed to peacefully assemble at this scale for political purposes without getting fucked over, but a bunch of meatheads can set shit on fire for pretty much no reason... and that's okay? 

Now I say that last bit to put it in a bit of perspective, not because I hate football or professional sports, because I like football well enough and follow several professional leagues every season... but appreciating/supporting something doesn't have to be an all encompassing affair... they are *games*, they should be treated like games. even when I personally was involved in winning rugby titles at a college level we didn't get fucking destroyed and break a ton of shit... why on earth would i do that when i'm 15000 degrees of separation away from the win? How empty are peoples lives that a bunch of strangers chucking a ball is the most meaningful thing in their lives on any given day?

I think that's why people are irritated with Philly right now, not because of a ton of bad media perception prior to this win. 

Hopefully more and more people from Philly/supportive of the Eagles franchise start to think like you, and reflect on how their acting out impacts the city, team, and community. 

For the record - incredible win for the Eagles, I loved that game... but it is just that. A game.  I don't want to be the cop that has to arrest a guy who can single handedly flip a car. I swear most of the people at center city are from the burbs Not just any dude, his dad is the voice of Villanova Basketball.  Entitled asshat. This is like cubs fans... 99% are from the suburbs... and show up places being righteous dicks, giving Chicago a bad name. Chicago is actually a pretty friendly town, but the entitled depaul graduates from Naperville are what people picture when they think of fans from Chicago... but really the cubs are just the franchise of the suburbs (and transplants).  Yo what do you get out of this You are the 2 wheeled raven [Here's a video](https://www.facebook.com/jstray81/videos/10160146168315651/?hc_ref=ARSn7FkiDPJcElgYODVVAL8QzF_0YRoPiE4QQinNrzpLNXcyPqNUCeGPcrkFzlays-c&fref=nf) for anyone interested. Ill never forget when we came together to Boo Goodell and the Cowboys on draft day but cheered so hard for the kids they had come up to announce the picks that a few of them burst into tears.  "...but you fuck ONE GOAT..." Well, how else do we get horse shit eating grins? Lmao, shit eating is the new santa incident Well, never been to Philadelphia, and only been to few states in the United States as a whole, and only thing I know about Philadelphia is the Flyers and Rocky, and now thanks to this thread also the fact that people over there eat horse shit.

That's something I will remember till the day I die whenever someone mentions Philadelphia. As is tradition.  IDK where it came from to be perfectly honest with you, I just saw it on /r/Eagles and posted who the OP of that post said was the photographer.  Ew Correct! I wanna be like- so tell me more about the time you have spent in Philly.......  The OP stated a good thing about philly (hence the pic). Instead of philly getting any good publicity- all it gets is bad. The bad rapport it has is mostly myth and false. I stated I didn’t encounter a rude person while I was there. Did that state that I encountered every single person in Philly? No, I did not. GTFO somewhere else with your negativity.  I mean, it wasn't a trope. They were literally considered underdogs by Vegas in every post-season game they played (as a *#1* seed, might you) Try being from Florida. A lot of people love it so much they decided to set shit on fire and break shit  >People shitting all over us for years is why. 

Can't imagine why they'd do that Stop being a whiny pussy.  You mean the student who died from cardiac arrest after being chased by the cops?

I knew him personally. Not quite the story you were looking for.

http://www.masslive.com/news/index.ssf/2009/11/parents_of_boston_celtics_fan_1.html

Edit: added article. 

 Not just a few, a majority.  What? It was total death and destruction. It was like the zombie apocalypse had taken over. Like the finale from Ghostbusters. Look for yourself.... https://imgur.com/a/262J5 I was kinda disappointed in how tame it was tbh Looks like you can't defend it from the winners either. Whataboutism isn't a defense.  Imagine if philly law enforcement was told to actually enforce the law after the superbowl.  its almost as if police officers react based on their current mood Well now I need to say it..... If UMass students jumped off a bridge, would you Philly fans do it too? Didn't you hear? A christmas tree and a futon is half of PA now. Cars flipped over, store fronts smashed, street lights brought down? I guess that’s just a regular Sunday in philly lol It’s never occurred to me to demolish my own city for any reason so maybe I am Actually, no. I saw a different one Nah, I just saw tens of thousands of people flipping cars and busting out shop windows, as well as rampant destruction of public property. 
 I heard the only reason people didn't eat more horse shit is that it ran out.  Yeah but none of the 'good ones' did anything to stop the destructive behavior either.  Because only one car was flipped and 200,000 people showed up. So a majority of people were not getting up to jack shit. So the rule if anything is Philadelphians danced in the streets and were fairly peaceful.  arent you cute? obviously were talking about eagles fans here Mainly after the Minnesota game. Tell that to the people who had their cars flipped.  Theres videos if burning and flipping of cars and fights a dude eating horse shit and being cheered on, windows being smashed.  Sounds like a riot to me

https://youtu.be/bFlm4R7efDc

Little more than a single window by the looks of it Bad actors IASIP?! 
 I love the city of Philadelphia, but my experience as a sports fan from another state, there are a bunch of assholes there and not enough people around that stop the absurd behavior or care to. 
Seattle started getting that way towards outside fans at Seahawks games, then the team and city cracked down and it’s really changed. Some cities like having a bad rep, Philly is one of those places.  Rational people understand that.  The riots in Vancouver didn't represent our character.  The philly riots definitely don't represent the cities character either.  It was a rough night, but people will carry on like normal [citation needed]

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Vancouver_Stanley_Cup_riot

> At least 140 people were reported as injured during the incident, 1 critically; at least 4 people were stabbed, 9 police officers were injured, and 101 people were arrested that night

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Vancouver_Stanley_Cup_riot#/media/File:Smoke_Over_Vancouver.jpg Looked the same to me Just search on google Katerina  So, you're saying that your fanbase is one of two that had someone eat shit.  Is that really better? yeah, im sure the eagles would have taken a superbowl loss extremely well Didn't you hear? The city was razed to the ground. One window smashed, one car flipped, one Christmas tree lit on fire and one gas station (not a wawa barstool) was ransacked. The gas station was the worst of it and I admit it was pretty bad all but none of that reads like destroying our city to me. Not to mention there were more injuries at umass with their riot. 

People are acting like philly was Vancouver in 2011.  https://i.imgur.com/L7kv5WY.jpg  Destroying does not mean total destruction. Cars flipped over, street lights torn down, that's destruction. I never implied that the whole city was in ruins, I merely stated that people were destroying stuff. Defensive much? Pro tip: I was kidding because Philly Not viks fan.  But let’s take that example.  One viks fan spitting on people.  Versus a crowd of hundreds pelting a charter bus.  One guy. A mob of hundreds.  You do the math.   Yea I wasn’t there but to say it did not happen?... lmao do i need to link you a new article about the looting, fires set or destruction caused from the superbowl win or are you just gonna play dumb? Say one word ill start finding a few articles you can read over.

Edit cause im bored:

Source one:
http://people.com/sports/super-bowl-2018-philadelphia-chaos-following-eagles-victory/

Source two:
http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2018/02/05/philly-celebration-turns-rowdy-after-eagles-win-super-bowl.html

Source three video of a car getting flipped (spoiler alert it doesn’t flip on its own)
https://youtu.be/c9O-ZACne30 So you admit it’s a piece of shit lol Not a football fan, or any sport fan really.

You’re garbage people lol OK

cars totalled: 15

street signs / traffic lights ripped out: 50

broken glass bottles: 5000+

windows broken: 50

property graffitied: 500+

but ok ill give you one,

high fives: 1000000+
 yea donald trump told me.  he said 'this data is for real, its the biggest and best data, believe me' was property not destroyed? cataclysmic destruction or burning the city to the ground would be hyperbole. The second that a window is smashed or a light pole is destroyed, there is destruction.  Looting, destruction, mayhem over a football game https://www.si.com/nfl/2018/02/05/eagles-fans-celebrate-super-bowl-ritz-carlton-awning-video touche Can't, you guys consumed it all. Right, but a solution to media slanting isn't slanting the opposite way. That's just more slant. I didn't expect to be upvoted in a sub that can't be expected to look at this objectively, and if you feel I'm being a "pompous jerkoff" for being objective, then I guess that's that. Okay so this is the first really positive thing I’ve seen about eagles fans, and I just want to say how great it is to see that my bias (at least in this case) is completely wrong. Have a great celebration everyone! The trick is getting out of that county I drove through frackville once and got run off the road by a toothless overweight white woman with cornrows  Damn Skooks. And a school district! Da skoooooook  From down here in the Lehigh Valley...we just call it “the skook”  Used to run a festival on their Fairgrounds till we got banned, like 80% sure its skookul butttt I got corrected like a lot. Skyoo-kull You are now a moderator of r/News and r/Forbes  Or, y'know, news is sensationalized for ratings no matter where people come from. Seems a whole lot more likely than that all the news organizations are conspiring to paint Philly in a bad light.  philly has a poor reputation because their fand turn from morons into violent morons anytime they sniff a win...or anytime they lose. probably for ties too... People use baiting tactics for upvotes? Well I never... It also says you'll never see fans depicted like this in the media. I came from the media. Well considering 2000 kids in New England caused more rioting and arrests than tens of thousands in Philly yet we were the ones getting shat on, I'd say this kind of post is warranted. Someone slap a **Not as Shitty as You Could Have Been** medal on them #heroes You know that first happened in Cleveland at the Cavs parade? This was a copy cat. Are you incredibly dumb, or just incredibly ignorant?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7L1WnyLRzg Who's a bigger moron, the moron who eats horse shit, or the moron that thinks that's a good idea and copies him? And on a public roadway, no less. No he fell off of a greased pole in 2008. The only disability I see here is his inability to keep his nefarious plans planted firmly on the ground Yea I know a bunch of people who came down and went to Temple or Drexel and stayed. A lot of them even specifically say a big reason they like Philly is that personal connection, social interaction and relationships that you get with the strangers in Philly. They'll admit too that even though a lot of the social interactions and interpersonal encounters you'll experience day in and day out aren't pleasant themselves, there's something about the fact that they even occur that makes them like it the city more than NY where people adamently avoid that type of stuff and seem to be more swimming around people than swimming with people (as one friend put it). 

I'm honestly not super familiar with NY and am just repeating what most of them seem to have in common, but I kind of feel like how they explain the difference between NYC and Philly is how I see sports fans from most cities different from us. Like it's not a city coming together, acting as one, interacting, dancing, climbing poles, as a single group of people when they have a parade, it's more like a shit ton of people just coming out to see a parade with their friends. 

Hats off to Chicago for the most part though and Clevland too. When I saw those parades it looked more like what I know Philly will look like tomorrow, but IDK if there is any city that matches us. I mean love or hating your neighbors and the rest of the city any other day is fine. Hell, I've hated most of my neighbors in Philly. But when the teams win, fuck everyone else that day. We are all Philly sports fans and we will fucking celebrate this, and be happy together, no matter what. No matter how trivial it may seem to others, no matter if it is just a game or even if we didn't play or do anything except be born near the city or just grew up outside the city or just moved to the city as a transplant and decided to adopted it, this means a lot and brings people together more than anything else I've seen and that makes it more important than most can give credit. Our city deserves some of the hate it gets, but tomorrow and whenever one of our teams play fuck what everyone else thinks. 

We also got the BigDickNickMeme poppin cause of that game which is awesome. 

I fucking love this city sometimes. And when I love it I really really do fucking love it!  I consider it a blessing. If they could they might all want to come here and turn it into NY. Oh without a doubt. There are probably some cities worse than us on average, and there are probably some cities better than us on average when it comes to that regard. I’d wager though that there’s really not even a huge difference between the best and worst cities when it comes down to bad headlines like property damage and fights and incarceration’s, etc, but that’s all that gets focused on here. 

Ok so maybe there might be one or two cities that are just angelic, and we definitely aren’t one of them...but still, I think we are far, far from the worst in terms of bad eggs doing bad things. But that’s our secret I guess. 

 Haha he was one of seven. But I think he was the only one dumb enough to get identified on the Twitter video.  They’re from the burbs but more specifically they’re the ones from the burbs who want nothing to do with Philly till shit like this happens and then they’re all about the city... Wow I thought he looked like a douche Is 'announcer for Villanova Basketball' really a high-falutin' job? I'm nobody and I think my job title is more prestigious than a sports announcer also-ran. 

Also, if I'm mistaken and that really is a big-name job, why?  What he say? Bill Belichick is the Night’s Coach.  You see! It's never "Hey! You're that guy from Loser" or "Hey you rocked in Boys and Girls." No, it always comes back to that fucking pie! I'm HAUNTED by it! ONE drunk ass guy. There are millions of us who literally don’t do that shit.  As was the exact goal of the wording. No worries, just wanted to clear up the source. The Patriots sub was complaining at one that all the media had backed Philly when the analysts had favored them by 77%.  1 seed missing their star player. Without Wentz, I can understand the team being an underdog to Vegas. Vegas was dead wrong, but I understand it. Hell, even Cris Collinsworth called a 1 sided game. We had to listen to that bullshit the whole fucking game.  One fire happened. It was a Christmas tree in the middle of an intersection. You just want to make us look bad [deleted] Don’t nearly all people ultimately die from cardiac arrest? That’s not super specific I meant the [girl who was killed by police](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Victoria_Snelgrove).

Apologies - it was the ALCS, not the WS. I don’t think the 4-5 ppl holding him up constitute a majority.  We are the winners Redditor's first word [deleted] You said they burned half of Pennsylvania down.    Now you named three isolated things that happened during the celebration.  You are so full of shit.  I know right? Look at the destruction!!! https://imgur.com/a/262J5 One car was flipped, one store front was smashed, 2 streetlights were brought down. I’m not sure what ho-dunk town your from but that’s hardly half the city. 

This wasn’t Vancouver in 2011.  https://i.imgur.com/4Of2y5F.jpg  The city isn’t demolished  > I just saw **tens of thousands**

Lol yeah, literally tens of thousands of people flipping cars and busting out shop windows but they could only manage literally 1 car and >5 windows. I don't mean to underplay it, because these people are idiots. All of that shit is stupid and I don't defend it but it's still annoying to hear from people like you. You have this mental image where we commandeered bulldozers and wrecking balls and now the whole city looks like the ruins in the Matrix or Terminator.



  Oh really? The three clips you saw on YouTube really tell the tale... No you didn't. You saw a few dickheads. We hate them as much as you.  Car singular. One store was looted. One window at Macy's was broken. 

So no you didn't see thousands of people flipping cars. No you didn't see thousands of people busting shop windows.  There's nothing you can fucking do. That's what cops are for dumbass.  Eagles fans are a proud race. Why do you have a problem with green people?  Such as what? Thousands of people being happy? Or that one guy who did something? One car, that was in a no parking zone, was flipped by dudes not even from Philly, which is super typical It was not a rough night at all. Barely anything happened. Keep believing what you want tho LOL Not even CLOSE. Vancouver had buildings on fire. We didnt 

https://www.google.com/search?q=vancouver+riots&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwj5p8WO7ZTZAhXMxlkKHZdRAqUQ_AUICigB&biw=1140&bih=680 Hey all you other Philly people here — did you realize that literally ALL of us ate horse poop on Sunday? I didn’t realize I did. Thanks random internet person for telling me what we all did here.  Cue 2005 when nothing happened. But that was probably before you were born so of course you know nothing about it. They wouldn't take it well, but god damn Vikings fans are so butt hurt about losing that they have just been complaining about the Eagles fans ever since the game ended. Go back to your normal lives. Don't you have division rivals to harass? LMAO we lose constantly. Eagles fans are used to it. They don't abandon their team I mean they're professional athletes, they didn't get to where they are from being sore losers and whining about losses. Unless you're referring to the band, but then I wouldn't think they'd care at all. Nope the whole city has burned down, didn't you notice. Rip in piece It was actually a broad.  So because like, 10 people did some shit, the whole city is destoryed? The whole thing? No it's not Nah ninja Yeah dude one of the biggest cities in America is all garbage people. You know nothing about Philadelphia and are just another dramatic pussy following the media/reddit dramatic bandwagon You're still just making up numbers So about 3 isolated incidents with tens of thousands of people just hanging and being happy. You just want any excuse at all to put is down Wasn't aware the awning of a hotel was the entire city of 1.3 million people. Silly me Don’t cherry pick, you aren’t being objective at all you’re holding us to a higher standard than all media by saying we should enjoy the ride. “This isn’t a fucking highschool debate” and “a sub that can’t be expected to look at this objectively” are examples of you being a pompous jerkoff. And to claim we have “zero self awareness” and then say you never expected to be upvoted only proves my point further. 

 a couple more months of high school and that’s exactly what I’ll be doing so just a normal day in frackville then? as shitty as it is here, I’m weirdly proud of it, and sure as hell will miss it.  [deleted] its "skookul"

Folks that live upstate in Schuylkill county are even called "Skooks" I think you're right but I like mine better now Every time I hear someone say it I think of this.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-E1AkpKsY1I

I hear a lot of non-PA people pronouncing it "Shy-kill" He's not saying the news outlets are trying to make Philly look bad, he's saying Philly's already made fun of by the rest of the country so it's easier and gets more views when the news also makes fun of Philly. It also says you'll never see, and yet my eyes are working perfectly.  Boston has a way better marketing team than Philly. Boston got drunk and threw some tea in the water and is somehow known as the cradle of the revolution despite the Declaration of Independence (and Constitution, and First capital, and Valley Forge, etc) occurring in/around Philly. Philly has more overall colleges in its area than Boston, and the same amount of Ivies, yet Boston is the education capital of the country and Philly is a bunch of savages. Boston causes more destruction in a loss yet Philly is apparently the first city to ever flip a car. The focus is always on the winner, every year. That's not new, specially this year when an underdog won.  When did that occur? Oh wait they're eating shit off the street again. Strip the medal So because it happened in Cleveland first it makes it okay for this guy to do it? The one that decides to live in Cleveland. Well if you were an outsider would you feel safe in a city that threw snowballs at Santa Claus? [His dad is a basketball announcer for Villanova](http://www.phillyvoice.com/man-arrested-center-city-car-flipping-during-eagles-celebration/) [deleted] Pretty sure it's generally a decent job, but since it's Villanova, I'd imagine particularly well-paid and sought after

 Dayman! 🎶 What about eating shit ransacking stores and destroying city property?  Wat.  No, not everyone dies from a heart attack. This guy was held by police while he was having a heart attack and they did not administer any first aid or call for EMTs A majority of people did not engage in any kind of stupidity.  Nobody who eats shit is a winner. are you implying the amish don't have futons? the amish have lots of futons.  “You are so full of shit”

Eagles fans might want to avoid using that insult for a while. I guess hyperbole is lost on some. 

lol and "isolated" The only thing burned is the dumbass you're replying to. LMAO No, the Philly fan that ate those road apples is full of shit. Horse shit, to be specific. Oh really?  I wasn’t there and watching the whole scene myself? Eagles fans are an insufferable race. Same case in Vancouver, most of the people responsible were from nearby suburbs.  Recheck my root comment, I added that video and a few articles.  There was also three cars that I know of that were destroyed https://youtu.be/bFlm4R7efDc There's videos of lots of shit going down, sure looked like a riot.

http://www.bbc.com/news/av/world-us-canada-42945804/eagles-first-super-bowl-win-sparks-riots-in-philadelphia

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2018/02/05/why-do-fans-riot-after-a-win-the-science-behind-philadelphias-super-bowl-chaos/

https://www.reuters.com/article/us-football-nfl-superbowl-philadelphia/philadelphia-fans-set-fire-damage-property-after-super-bowl-win-idUSKBN1FP0YH https://youtu.be/bFlm4R7efDc

I didn't say anything about the two riots being on the same level of extreme by the way... The Great Seal of the United States features a bald eagle. The bald eagle is the national bird of the United States. Well there you have it then.  Women have no class.  Knew it all along.   Yea 10 people..... thats a pretty damn accurate number /s Yes it is Lol relax  Sure I do (/s). Just bury your head in the sand and keep telling yourself everything's ok. Cherry pick? The incident this post and mod comment relate to is the insanity after the Eagles on the Superbowl. The negative attention _due to this incident_ is totally justified. Whatever other unrelated things the media is unfair about are irrelevant. As an outsider looking in, it's naturally easier to not look at this so passionately. If you find that reality pompous, I'd ask you explain why you feel that way.

You probably imagine I'm sitting here smug and angry. The truth is I'm perfectly clear headed and wishing, apparently in vain, for that to be reciprocated in good faith. It's not a big deal or anything, mostly inconsequential, but if asking the people on a sub to treat criticism fairly instead of with knee jerk reactions and lots of baggage succeeds in improving the outlook of even one person, then hey, that's worth losing some imaginary internet points. Good luck from a fellow native! Good on ya

good luck on finals and beyond Formerly of Reading, you can do it! 6 months after high school I moved across the country with some friends I had made. You can move to Wilmington. That’s the place to be somebody.  Getting out of skook is the best thing that ever happened to me.  This goes for every age bracket though.  I'm from up that way originally...I used to feel that way, but the meth and pills really pissed allover any warm feelings I had. I was talking about Schuylkill Valley, but I'm sure there's a bunch of others Ah yes, Schuylkill County. For those who would like a nice little slice of rural Alabama but with *slightly* less inbreeding and more black lung. Hell I came from the eye doctor Parts of Boston are also racist af. Like holy shit they still chant racial slurs at players. If it makes you feel better I have always associated Philadelphia with the revolution far far more than Boston. Ben Franklin was the best founding fathers.  I blame the Quakers.  Bit of a difference between focusing on something and being misleading. After the Patriots lost The whole Santa thing reminds me of Chappel’s Rick James sketch.  Seriously every time it gets talked about it’s the same thing...

>Yea, Philly wouldn’t just throw Snowballs at Santa for no reason. But yea Philly threw snowballs at SantTa. 


>*’Why’d you do it then?’*


>Cause ‘Santa’ was actually just some asshat and he was doing dumb shit...

...

But In all seriousness, that was 40/50 yes ago. You hear about that but you don’t hear people still rap on Boston for throwing countless bananas and ethnic players of all sports over the last 10 years. Or you don’t hear about NYC specifically called out for its fans showing up a players houses when they give them death threats. That shit flies but throw snow balls at an asshat dressed like a festive clown and god forbid everyone loses their kindness  Well santa ain't real so why the fuck does it matter? haha those are my favorite, especially when you get into conversation with those out of town college students, and you ask them where they're from. "Oh i'm from Philly", "oh really what part?", "...Upper Darby". ".............." Truth be told, half those people would be to chicken shit to even take public transportation in Philly. One dude did something on a dare, one store had a food fight and and about 2 poles came out, as opposed to all the people hanging out, being happy, some people actually repairing the things that were broken, such as the planters where people chanted "plant that tree!". No you're right, it was all 100% horrible and the city is gone rip 1 store. 8 light poles, 1 awning, 1 car, 1 moron eating horseshit.

Probably 80,000 people celebrating. Sounds like a fair representation. Cardiac arrest isn’t a heart attack... it just means that your heart stops beating. A heart attack can cause a cardiac arrest for sure. So can a thousand other things Don't knock it til you try it  Huehuehue There were like 10,000 drunk kids on broad street that night, maybe more. Some shit is bound to go down but not like the media likes to play it up. There were more arrests and injuries in Boston due to student riots, but hey, cling to your narrative and keep hating us. Clearly. You say you’re so hungry you could eat a horse and Eagles fans get pissed when you don’t actually eat the damn thing lol I was too, and there weren't 10s of thousands of people doing any of that. Keep repeating the same exaggerated story though. There were absolutely some destructive idiots. But that was by far the minority. Really? You personally saw all of those things while standing shoulder to shoulder with tens of thousands of people, unable to really move or see easily.

Sure thing bud. You absolutely were not there. ANd you are a poster on /r/patriots and claim to be british.  People were stabbed in Vancouver , many injured on top of that. It's not that we don't want to acknowledge what happened, not at all. It's that people on Reddit and the media are being dramatic pussies about it. This stuff happens everywhere. It wasn't the city burning down or being destroyed. There was a few incidents which is amazing considering the amount of drunk people and the fact it was our first Superbowl win. Look at the comments, people are acting like there was mass chaos and destruction. There fucking wasn't. It's dramatic, it's people just saying shit because of the false media depictions and "oh it's philly" . Good bot Cherry picking the couple incidents over all the really great things is super unfair. But you just want to put us down so you'll take anything you can grasp What is the point you're trying to make then? That we're all terrible? I don’t imagine you any particular way (sorry it doesn’t suit your image of me, or your narrative). Just a person asking a group who has been shit on by every sports outlet in America for 50 years to take the highroad when that’s never been done for us. And I’ve already explained what part of your post was pompous, you want to dance around how you come off, that’s your issue.  How do you like it? How are the people different? ah, shenandoah? I didn’t hear about that. I’m a Patriots fan but I’m here in Philly and I’m planning to go to the parade and celebrate with you guys! I’m not salty about the loss! The Eagles played amazingly. I’m glad I’m here to see (more) history being made!  Pop culture and its stories don't really have a rhyme, reason, or time frame.  Philly is known for throwing snowballs at Santa.  LOL

Philly fans are know for other stupid and more recent things like throwing batteries.  Hell Duracell is even giving us a ribbing for that one. That's not a serious question, right? Hey I gotta say, as a Minneapolis resident, our news is giving you guys quite a lot of shit, so thanks for giving me a better perspective towards you guys.  I go on r/all and I lived in England. Construe that however you please.   Yeah, I'm not saying that.  All I'm saying was that there was a riot, own up to it and move on.  Don't try to say it didn't happen when theres video evidence of a riot.  I never even insinuated the city was being destroyed and there was mass violence.  I literally just said the city of philly should own up to their own bullshit instead of freaking out like a mentally disabled child at anyone mentioning the word riot.

And no,nobody was stabbed here and there were not "many injuries".  Nice try though Thanks! You can ask me for more facts any time. Beep boop. Thank you RobPhanDamn for voting on AnimalFactsBot.  

This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://goodbot-badbot.herokuapp.com/).  

 ***  

^^Even ^^if ^^I ^^don't ^^reply ^^to ^^your ^^comment, ^^I'm ^^still ^^listening ^^for ^^votes. ^^Check ^^the ^^webpage ^^to ^^see ^^if ^^your ^^vote ^^registered! No. Just don't deny what happened or try to downplay it. Who said anything about taking the high road? Accepting legitimate criticism isn't "the high road", it's just what reasonable, mature people do.

Also, the cool thing about being the person who said something that was emotionally misinterpreted is that I know what I said, how I said it, and what my intentions were. I understand _why_ you misunderstood me, but the baggage of 50 years is hardly my responsibility. That's y'all's issue to work through.

So keep saying the equivalent of "nuh uh!" all you want. The floor's all yours. I'm going to enjoy my night. He's posting here, so he knows how to work a computer. That's how you can tell he's not from Chendoe. 462 da fuck!

Naw, I was from centralia/mt carmel That place can suck it. 

If you ever see Shenandoah on Netflix, watch it. You'll understand Have fun, but do yourself a favor and leave the Patriots jersey in the hotel tomorrow. The JD Drew incident was almost 20 years ago.  EVERYONE likes to shit on Philly, and it seems like its because of some rowdy sports fans. I don't follow sports at all except for this, so it's really frustrating for me because people assume shit about you and I have no connection to it whatsoever. The whole snowball thing was literally half a century ago. There is so much more to this city than that. It was founded in the 1600s, we have such a rich history, great restaurants, great museums, great architecture, and you can see reminders of the past (for better or worse) everywhere once you start to pay attention. 

Anyway, bird up, don't go Pats or Genos, please actually go into the museum and not just run up the steps, and understand that the city is just happy, we're not rioting 100% right I'm sorry everyone destoryed the city it's gone rip bye This is what zero self awareness looks like, then. Appreciate the demo. I already understand, I live in schuylkill county lmao I am borrowing some eagles gear from my friends who are all locals. Thanks for looking out though!  And? So I visited Boston last Summer, and that city was tremendously kind to me. For that reason I was cheering for the Pats. Not even into Football. So I don't care too much. 

Never been to Philly. So I really had no conception of your city. But now I will be visiting it. This thread has mentioned that you guys have a history parallel to the other historical cities of the US. Now I know! Smart ass little shit Not even a rebuttal, just an insult. Tsk tsk. I mean, Indepdence Hall is here. The country was founded here. I was sitting in traffic the other day annoyed that I had drive over some cobblestones and realized I was sitting literally right next to the building the founding fathers crafted the declaration of Independence in. It was a weird feeling to just casually be sitting next to it. We've been around a long time, and have a ton of history. 

We get a bad rap for being "mean", but really, it's just people here don't put up with bullshit and call you out if they see it. If you're being a regular person, you'll have a fine time. We are not what you see in the media. You'll have a good time if you come here Good one. Got any more zingers? Sounds like a great place to visit, and here's to the rest of the country seeing y'all for what you are!  