Bus etiquette question Let's say you take the bus to work. We'll just say it's the O12 on McKnight Road that's often standing room only. Let's say there's a lady who uses a mobility scooter that also rides. The driver needs to fold up some of the front seats to accommodate this, so she's displacing 2 or 3 people. Understandable. 

She often gets off of the scooter and walks over and takes a seat. Dick move by her, or dick move to question this? Oh that is super interesting!

I'd want to ask her, in the politest possible way, just out of pure curiosity.

A friend of a friend uses a motorized wheelchair for getting around, but then when sitting at a table to eat, for instance, will leave the wheelchair to the side and sit in one of the chairs at the table. My guess would be your bus friend is more comfortable riding in a seat that's firmly planted to the bus, as opposed to her wheeled chair (even once it's strapped down). Needing assistance to get around does not necessarily preclude the ability to move around short distances unaided. If it's the taking 3 seats you're worried about, keep in mind that she's probably on that thing for a majority of her day. It might be an incredible relief to sit somewhere that isn't the scooter for a while. She *brought* a seat with her. So, yes, this is a dick move, *however* it is not nearly as dick of a move as it would be to confront her about this. Wait, if it is standing room only, than how is there an empty seat for her to take in the first place?

It is understandable that she would want to alternate seats from time to time (probably feels good and reduces the chances of developing pressure ulcers), but if her taking a seat denies someone else the chance to have a seat than yes, I would say it is a dick move.

 Maybe she's perfectly healthy, committing insurance fraud, and just wants all of the seats for herself because she's greedy and inconsiderate. 

But you don't know that and it wouldn't be polite to ask, so I say give her the benefit of the doubt. I've never sat on a mobility scooter while riding the bus, but I would assume she feels safer and/or more comfortable in a bus seat than on her scooter. I could see how you might feel the stops and starts more sitting that way. If you want to be super charitable, you could even assume that she sits in the scooter on days when she's feeling up to it and only takes a bus seat when she's in a lot of pain or feeling especially unsteady on her feet.  Not uncommon.  There's a lot of people who have to use mobility scooters due to chronic pain, but can move short distances when necessary. I once saw a woman on a mobility scooter on the T almost tip over when the train came to a sudden stop. She probably feels more secure in a regular seat especially if it's a fairly top heavy scooter. Handispreading at its worst! She knows what she is doing, whether she likes it or not, let's just put it that way. You confronting her about it won't change anything. You could, perhaps if you can sit on her scooter while she's not using it, if you feel like being a troll or just really want a seat. Jesus, leave the handicapped lady alone.  What if she lays down across three seats? I'd never say a word to her about it. I do feel like when she does this and everyone is standing, that someone should just sit on the scooter seat.  There isn't. Signs on the bus say that the elderly and handicapped have priority to those front aisle facing seats. So if you are sitting there you have to get up and now stand. The scooter has to take the place have the now folded up seats because you can't have it in the middle of aisle, especially with people standing.  > Maybe she's perfectly healthy, committing insurance fraud, and just wants all of the seats for herself because she's greedy and inconsiderate.

Found the optimist! Everyone needs an overcrowded bus nap once in a while. I'd laugh at that. 