Where do I donate two high end wheelchairs? A dear friend of mine just died. http://imgur.com/m8yQTd3

I am acting as his family's agent to donate his two (amazing) high end custom built wheelchairs. 

Titanium frames, built for a guy at 6'3".   I know for a fact one of them has a built in sound system, lights and a phone charger. 

I promised I would give three options to his (out of state) family for donation. 

Anyone have ideas?

Also, February 2017 is made of suck and garbage.  Is that Charles? Fuck, we worked together occasionally. I always loved seeing him bomb around PSU with his light up wheels and badass sound system. The Hollywood senior center uses donations and allows anyone to borrow wheelchairs, walkers, etc indefinitely for free.  I just did a bit of googling and found [Adaptive Sports Northwest](http://www.adaptivesportsnw.org/).  Looks like an ideal place to find someone for nice wheelchairs. Second vote for Adaptive Sports Northwest. They are an awesome organization that does great things for kids and adults with disabilities - they run the Junior Wheel Blazers kids' wheelchair basketball team for example.  I'm sorry for your loss, your friend looks like an awesome guy.  Another option is to sell the wheelchairs and then use the money towards funeral expenses or to donate to his favorite charity. I believe The Community Warehouse takes them as well. The ALS Association has a medical equipment loan program: http://webor.alsa.org/site/PageServer?pagename=OR_2_contact_us

Patients' conditions can deteriorate substantially before custom chairs can be built, a process that takes months. Having access to one from ALSA's "loan closet" can make a huge difference.

(I'm assuming these are electric. Imgur's having a fit, and I didn't get a look.) I'd contact the YMCA or YWCA in the area that the family lives in, they would probably have the best knowledge of who accepts these type of donations.  There are actually super weird rules about donating/selling medical equipment.  Sorry about your February.  Unfortunately, I can super relate.  It blows. There is a lot of borrowing/loaning that goes on in the spinal chord injury community. Maybe reach out to one of their support groups? Many people need loaner chairs while their custom chairs are built or they have to wait for approval to even get one. Yeah, there was a memorial for him at Momo over the weekend.  About 70-80 people turned out.  I can only hope I have that many folk show up for me when it's my turn. That's awesome! I wish there was a program like that in the Gorge. I spent all day yesterday trying to find wheelchair rental for my boyfriend and there is NOTHING.  Thanks for this!  In the top three for sure.  This!  For a number of months Community Warehouse suspended their medical equipment operations while they were redesigning the program.  I found this out when I had some of my Dad's power chairs and medical equipment to donate.  Hopefully they're back in operation now.  They have drop off locations on both sides of the river.  

Religious, but St. Vincent DePaul will take them as well.  

 Nah, just a picture of my friend.  Absolutely manual operation. Are there?  I've legit seen bed pans and catheter kits at the bins. Oh damn, I recognize your friend! one of the handful of times I was last at Momo's I ran into him on the back patio and he was really funny/friendly. Sorry for your loss, it seems he was really cherished.  I think it has to do with medical equipment that has to be calibrated to the user.  But in response to your reply, eeeewwwwwww!!! Have you ever been to the bins?  That's not even the worst of it, that honor goes to a used diaper and a full bowl of spaghettiOs complete with spoon.  Like, did one of the workers set his lunch down and forget about it?  No clue. Initially read your response as "a used diaper full of spaghettiOs". 