No AirBnB while Hispanic Here is an account of racism by the managers of the Butternut Condos on SE Hawthorne.  They are unregistered and the topic of WWeek coverage.  My text comes from this link: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/828435

This situation was really bad for my 97 year old Mother and myself This studio did not meet the description on the Airbnb page and the host was one of the most inhospitable people I have met. I want to share my story so that future guests make a more informed decision when considering this place. I rented the studio for my ninety-seven-year-old mother and I in order to visit my grandson for his college graduation. I explained to Kim that I would be traveling with an elderly person and trusted that the studio would be wheelchair accessible, as the ad stated. The morning in which my reservation was due to start, I called Kim to let her know that I was delayed and would be arriving at 10pm that day and she agreed to meet me at that time. At 10pm that night, I pulled into Division and looked for a parking spot, since I needed to carry my mother to the studio and it was cold and rainy. My grandson and his girlfriend were going to help me bring my mother into the studio where we met Kim. Before even greeting us, Kim aggressively asked to see my ID and my mother’s passport, and took photographs of these without explicitly asking for my permission. She then demanded that my grandson and his girlfriend stand at a distance from the building since they were neither allowed to help me bring my suitcases or my mother into the studio nor listen to the conversation that Kim wanted to have with me. Kim stated then and has continued to state that my intention was to bring “seven guests” into the studio although I made it very clear that my grandson and his girlfriend were only helping me unload my car and bring my mother inside. Kim also complained because I was communicating in Spanish with my family, all native Spanish speakers, in front of her. My mom did not understand all the confusion and Mr Kim so upset Why ? She condescendingly insinuated that I did not understand her Airbnb ad when I made the reservation. Kim’s behavior made me feel that I was being discriminated against on the basis of my ethnicity and language. When I finally was let into the studio, Kim brought the suitcases inside, allowing no one else to help with this, and dropped them carelessly on the floor. Upon seeing the accommodations, I realized that they were inadequate for someone in a wheelchair I can provide pictures also and asked Kim to cancel the reservation. She refused and stated that she would not give me a refund. I left the following morning at 9:10am I Wrote to her telling her place is no wheelchair favility and my mom and l had a very hard time. she is in a wheelchair. I Wrote Airbnb website explaining Kim’s extremely rude behavior toward my family and I and the fact that the facilities were not suitable for wheelchairs. Respectfully.
From Manchaca, TX · May 2016
 Yet another huge problem with people setting up an unlicensed/unregistered motel at their house.  Sorry this happened to you.  I've encountered racism as a Hispanic in Portland more than any other place I've lived.  It truly is something that is not discussed enough in the subreddit or in the city at large.    
Next time, I encourage your you to stay in hotel.  Although AirBNB may seem like a bargain, you are really cutting corners where it matters most in the hospitality industry....THE HOSPITALITY. Fuck these people! The woman backed into my parked car last summer and gave me a ridiculous run-around before offering to pay for half of the cost of the damages.

I was pleasantly surprised to Google them and find out they're involved in some shady shit. The husband owns a shop on Division that sells metal letters and junk, and they've been using loopholes to dodge taxes for years with their rental properties. Not surprised they're racist too. Fuck em. if AirBnb gave a shit, it should take less than a day for an intern to figure out all the illegal units.    Those owners are making a killing. We were trying to find a place for a family friend to stay and couldn't believe the prices. Right up the street from $8 loaves of bread.  This sadly seems all too common for POC trying to use AirBnB.

Edit: here's another recent account, not in Portland though. https://medium.com/stay-woke/i-read-about-this-phenomenon-of-black-people-being-rejected-on-airbnb-f36dd3ab0375#.ote9gn2o5 I stayed at one of their properties once (I think since I rented it through Craigslist). The husband made a joke about not letting my dogs get eaten by the Asian tourists.  That's awful. If you come to Portland again, I know two different people who host Airbnbs that actually are wheelchair accessible, and one of these two speaks fluent Spanish.  EDIT:  I didn't realize that the OP was not, in fact, the person who rented whose text they quoted.  I mis-read.  My apologies.

I know I'm going to get downvoted for pointing out some of your other posts, and that sickens me: I even upvoted one of these below:

["Please don't hurt Portland by using an AirBnB"](https://www.reddit.com/r/Portland/comments/4m2kze/good_place_to_sleep_6_guys_for_a_bachelor_party/d3s3y34)


["Please promise us you won't be displacing current residents by staying in an AirBnB!"](https://www.reddit.com/r/Portland/comments/4lx3oo/looking_for_hip_things_to_do_in_portland/d3qshoc)

All that said, I'm sorry that that happened you and that this person made you feel that way.  That sickens me even more than the fact that there seem to be other people of color who gave this renter good reviews, who must not have had the same treatment.

I personally believe that AirBnB isn't the best thing for local residents.  But it makes me wonder whether you agreed with me before your rental, or after once you had a bad experience.  If we feel the same way only because of your personal experience, that makes me suspect. AirBnB sounded like a really cool thing. Then I wasted several days trying to book a place near Bend. I was rejected by every single place I tried. They all said the units were unavailable, even tho they were listed as available.

It didn't seem that cheap vs just getting a place at Eagle Creek, and it sucks to wait a day to find out if you're "accepted" Air b and b isn't racist, they just enable those who are horribly racist... I was contracted by Airbnb to help pass legislation to make it legal for people to rent (houses and rooms, not apts)in Portland... I really regret that decision the way people exploit it and make it impossible to find a new place to live. :/

Also my husband is Colombian, we've never had issues on the site but this sounds awful. How much were they charging per day? But.... but.. the sharing economy is the future!

/s My wife was told a few years ago to "go back to Mexico" from a passing car while walking with our daughter in our neighborhood.  She was pissed and a little amused since she's Korean-American.  Not to mention an actual guarantee of ADA accessibility, and lawsuits (hopefully) if you get treated like this person got treated. It happened to someone else.  But I was checking on this small apartment complex that was turned into a 8 cottage hotel complex without registering with the city.  I saw the review and I felt terrible for the lady. > I've encountered racism as a Hispanic in Portland more than any other place I've lived.

Nothing to add, just really sorry to hear this. And know that most (or at least many) of us won't treat you with racism. Last time I posted my story about discrimination against me I was downvoted. I've been to Portland numerous times and the last few times were some of the worst in terms of my overall comfort in the city. > I've encountered racism as a Hispanic in Portland more than any other place I've lived.

Why do you think that is?  yeah they were interviewed in this piece, dude sounds like a complete toolbox
http://www.wweek.com/portland/article-23993-hotel-california.html

 It makes me wonder how much of a housing crisis we'd have if, you know, people weren't using housing to run their ramshackle hotel operation.  Pretty much all the Pearl rentals are illegal, due to the fact that the housing stock (big apartment buildings, condos) aren't eligible or the 
owners/condo boards haven't given permission.
 So authentic it hurts!

 Piling on another recent account (also not in Portland, though).

https://www.buzzfeed.com/carolineodonovan/airbnb-removes-host-for-racist-remarks Please, please report this host.  It maybe the smae people- the advertise on multiple platforms.


 Please don't pimp AirBnb on this site.  Your pals are making Portland's problems worse. I have shut down three AirBnBs.  One was through the city- it was an easy case for them.  A couple other times I looked on a map in my neighborhood and saw that people were renting out their apartments.
In those cases, I called up the property management companies and asked if they allowed AirBnBs.  When they screamed "No!" I showed them the listing and they thanked me.  Then, I would check back and the listing was gone.
I also called the Real Estate Board and asked them to read the Portland Merc article about Sydney Mead and Ryan and Kristina Brown and how they lied to a seller in order to obtain a nice Sellwood home to manage as an AirBnB.  That was back in January or so.  I note that Sydney Mead is no longer a realtor.
I have called the city to check on whether the numerous liens will ever be foreclosed on the Butternut Condos.
So, I have been fighting to good fight against AirBnB.  But I think its awful that enforcement relies on free detective work by citizens.
I wish all multi-family building managers were required to check the AirBnB map and see if any of their units have been turned into motels. OP wasn't the guest/reviewer. How many details can an airbnb host find out about potential renters when a room is requested?  Do you have a full profile up, with photos and a description that could clearly give someone an idea of your age/ethnicity political/social leanings?   My 64 year old mom had this same thing happen when she was visiting SF a few years ago with my brother... got rejected a bunch of times without an explanation, and the rooms were still up as 'available'.

Sorry that happened to you... I guess you got 'free marketed'. [deleted] The Internet is also a fad.  [deleted] There's an older lady downtown who sits in a wheelchair smoking a cigar who says "uuuugggghhhh fucking faggot" every time I walk by her. 

That's not really the same thing but I find it funny. you could have formatted the text for us. jeez. you could have formatted the text for us. jeez. Sorry to hear that.  
It is a very interesting phenomenon given how far the public leans to the left.  The homeless are probably more well regarded than minorities. Because Portland is where you move to if you want to be white and "weird". We're the whitest city in the United States (72%) and one of the least racially diverse. >But the rise of multiple apartments run by a single host shows city Bureau of Development Services regulators are doing little to find many of the most flagrant violators. 

...

>Airbnb's search function makes it impossible to aggregate rental listings, so WW sifted through listings in areas of Portland with a high number of apartment buildings—the Pearl, downtown, places with waterfront views—and noted potential violations.

If the WW can do this with minimal sleuthing...

>And it presents a test for Mayor Charlie Hales: Can he get Airbnb and other companies to cough up the data on lawbreaking hosts?

Not bloody likely. Snitching on your "suppliers" isn't good for business. If an HOA or condo board hasn't given permission, it does not make it "illegal." Zoning restrictions would though. Seems like a city or county-sponsored bounty program is in order. You are my fucking hero! Thank you for responding to me in a polite manner.  You're fighting the good fight.  I hope there's a voice for you in a community forum that's more formal than this - I want people to listen. I see that now - I stand corrected! In employment law, it is illegal to request a picture with a resume because a photo reveals many characteristics that could lead to biased decisions.  Mot sure if they ask for things involved with status (where do you live, what do you do).

Apparently some AirBnB hosts like hookups and your mom (thankfully) was not their type.  Sorry she experienced discrimination- she would find a nice hotel much safer and more polite.

SFO is the WORST hit by AirBnB- so I hope your Mom now avoids the platform. Leave it up to the free market to solve racism, bigotry, global warming, sexism, homophobia and every other form of bias.

What could possibly go wrong?  It's flawless logic!!! > The sharing economy makes sense for many AirBnB'ers.

[Couchsurfing](https://www.couchsurfing.com) is sharing. AirBnB costs money, that is not sharing. Saying people don't already have  cars? They don't give a shit.... they really, truly do not.  It's like most things... whether you're in a relationship, a job, a family member, whatever.   You can talk all day long about all your values, what you believe in, what you're gonna do, whatever... what are you actually DOING, though?  Or not doing?   In this case, absolutely fucking nothing.

They do not care about anything that does not enrich their own prospects, their crony's prospects, or the coffers of the city.  Period point blank.  That's it. I wasn't being precise with legal terms.  
There is a condo owner downtown suing the POC that bought several condos in one small building and turned them all into condos.  This info from her former neighnor- not involved in the suit.
 Yep.  But the city has to want to enforce the laws. I would think that there is some sort of software that could help-matching pictures to addresses?

Vacasa has been cheating on taxes to the point where the city could get a criminal indictment.... totally.  City should have heavy fines on cheaters.   And then allow reporters/snitches to get percentage of fine. I spoke to a friend who's close to the mayor's office and they are intrigued by this idea. I am thinking about a thread where we discuss legal and civilized ways to reduce AirBnBs through reporting to the city and (my secret weapon) property managers who don't know what the tenants are up to.  Please join in if I do start that thread.

 No worries! Let alone disability support!

All those regulations and ADA rules on taxi's to allow the blind to take their seeing eye dogs with them are getting in the way of the free market. [Those dog should be locked in the trunk](https://sfbay.ca/2014/09/09/lawsuit-uber-driver-locked-seeing-eye-dog-in-trunk/) or [abandoned!](http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2015/04/blind-users-with-service-animals-uber-refuses-to-serve-us/) [deleted] [deleted] The city doesn't want to enforce any laws that are troublesome. Bike theft issues and homeless camps are great examples. Vacasa pays taxes - city went on record stating they were only ones 100% in compliance, and publicly advocated at City meetings for enforcement against illegal rentals. WTF are you talking about. Isn't the address just publicly available on the AirBnB website?  >but the free market will do a better job than the government or other regulatory agency.

Yeah, it worked so well for ending slavery and then again for the african american civil rights movement!  And also for the civil rights of homosexuals, people who are disabled, etc.  Literally no government needed to effect those changes! All the free market speaking. Flawless logic, and backed up by history. On the other hand, you could argue that in an efficiency-based economic system the most important functions of government are to provide needed services that the market will not (e.g. the social safety net), to maintain public goods that the market will not maintain (e.g. the creation of environmental protections), and to prevent market forces from leveraging basic needs to exploit the vulnerable.

The focus of capitalism and "free" markets is efficiency, not justice.  Sometimes justice needs a hand.   So, you've already had a lot of people jump down your throat, and to be honest this is like 85% a rhetorical question, but I *am* legitimately interested in your answer.

If a truly free market would eliminate racism, why hasn't it? What restrictions on the current marketplace, specifically, prevent this elimination and how? People here worship the state, you can't tell them nothin'.  Hard to pull off such condescension when you called him a piece of jewelry. I believe you meant "pedant". And it's been banned by the Associated Press because it is inherently misleading. Air BnB is part of the renting economy.  Is that why Uber/Lyft are now considered TNC's instead of sharing?

But whatever, keep using that word even if it is being used erroneously.

**EDIT** Awwww, it looks like /u/fucking_snuggle either deleted their comment or it got deleted by a mod. I stand corrected.  I recalll reading at one point that they were not remitting lodging taxes. Fucking heroes. Not until you book, but it's not difficult to estimate the location from the photos provided, especially if it's in an apartment with a shot of the view out the window. No.  And they blur the street number in the photos of the exteriors. Don't forget child labor laws and minimum wage laws! Oh, and safe work practices! Ya the government didn't  end those either. Tell a black person they have civil rights because of the government and see what they say. The government ended segregation but the government also created segregation. African Americans have civil rights because they fought the government for them. 
 Also you're comparing slavery to Airbnb. Very different situations and hardly comparable. See I actually agree with this. But your comparing environmental protection to Airbnb regulation. Just because there is one case of racism on Airbnb doesn't mean we need 900 pages of regulation on running a fucking bed and breakfast.  This is becoming redundant. Racism isn't something that can be solved by the government. It's a mindset. It requires much deeper social change. I think our society is a at a point that we can fight racism without government interference. If I hear a cake shop won't bake for a gay wedding I won't shop there. If an Airbnb is rude to African Americans i won't stay there. That is POWERFUL. obviously it won't solve 100% ignorance. But with absolute freedom you preclude absolute security. It's a sacrifice. 

In response to your question, how does government intervention eliminate racism? Also, I understand you like using the word 'rhetorical' but if it is truly a legitimate question please ask with conviction instead of "well it's rhetorical but I want an answer..." Because worded that way it would appear you don't know what a rhetorical question is.  [deleted] [deleted] On that point, I looked into the [unofficial docs for the AirBnB api](http://airbnbapi.org/#view-listing-info) and it provides latitude and longitude of the unit, which is enough to reverse geo code an address. Image processing is unneeded. 

Edit: [sample](https://api.airbnb.com/v2/listings/5116458?client_id=3092nxybyb0otqw18e8nh5nty&locale=en-US&currency=USD&_format=v1_legacy_for_p3&_source=mobile_p3&number_of_guests=1). It would be easy to do.  Who needs weekends anyway? They'd be for child labor (look it up, libertarians are actually officially for it) and no minimum wage if they had their way.  I was also trying not to rub it in. Child labor and regulating Airbnb have a ton in common. Are you trying to speak in hyperbole? 

I agree that child labor laws work well for a developing country but are no longer necessary in the US. Also, minimum wage laws?? Look at what the unions have done to the auto and airline industry (these are two highly unionized industries in the US). Do you buy American cars? Is flying pleasant for you? In case you don't read the news, the American auto industry was on the brink of total catastrophe and was saved by the taxpayers (thanks government!!!!). I still don't buy American cars because they're shit. Ever hear the reports of union workers putting beer cans in the interior of car doors so they'd rattle? 

My point is you can't dictate a wage. It's supply and demand. Right now we have a huge supply of unskilled labor in the US. Unfortunately, since there is a huge supply of unskilled labor, businesses don't need to pay much for it. The real solution is to educate our people and create a skilled labor force. Then you naturally increase wages.  In a perfect world we wouldn't need 3 constitutional amendments, a hundred and fifty years, hundreds of pieces of legislation, and countless lawsuits for people to get the idea that you should treat people equitably even if they aren't white.

One case of racism is proof enough that the world ain't perfect though.  Fuck 'em.  900 pages seems fine to me.  We aren't even getting into other protected classes here.   Government intervention doesn't eliminate racism, but it helps mitigate its impact on others. Thus, a net positive impact on society, I would argue. Maybe, at some point in the future, when cake shops won't refuse service to gay people because they know it'll hurt their business, then we can stop regulating it, but... I'm sorry, "Well, people will continue to do this harmful thing for some indeterminate amount of time, so we should reduce how much we punish them for it" seems like a pretty week argument. What I was trying to convey (more politely than this) is that I'm not at all expecting a coherent answer, because I don't believe a coherent answer would be possible, but I *am* still interested in either being proven wrong or seeing what hoops you jump through to defend the position. So, no, not really a legitimate question even though I am legitimately interested in the answer. Don't blame autocorrect for nobody liking you.  Don't get me wrong, I think they are both fucking scum and anti-worker. Hell read through my post history for the last year to see how I feel about them. Well how about that.  The price paid for unskilled labor is dictated by its supply. There is a huge supply of unskilled labor in the US. This drives down the cost of unskilled labor. The real solution is to educate the workforce to naturally increase wages. Minimum wage does nothing but drive up costs of every industry that relies on minimum wage jobs. 

 A stellar example of self-centered capitalism.  Ann Rand would worship you.  Or is it the other way around.  Either way, this philosophy will lead to either slavery or a Marxist revolution.   People on this topic don't believe that we have the power to vote with our wallet. If an Airbnb has bad reviews for racism, I won't stay there (I'm white and this doesn't affect me but i still wouldn't stay there on principle... And probably because they're horrible people). That's lost revenue for that Airbnb. Enough lost revenue and they'll no longer be an Airbnb. 

I'd rather let the system work itself out than pay politicians and lawyers to write regulation (which has to be enforced... Additional tax dollars) that probably won't have any material impact on racism at Airbnb. 

 So now you're on my favor. Look at any business that harms a protected class and you'll see that the business flounders. Remember the fiasco at target? They quickly corrected themselves. 

Remember when the government created segregated public facilities? I can't think of any situation where the government has had a positive significant impact on the rights a protected
Class. Please, fill me in.  Answer the second part.  How does the government prevent racism? My argument is very strong and I have not heard a real defense against it. It's really turning to ad hominem. I'm trying to keep it political. Please, how does the government and regulation solve racism (side note- I do not expect a legitimate answer (sound familiar?)) Self centered?? Why do you say that? HOW is this self centered If you literally know nothing about me. 

And yes you're right. Capitalism leads to slavery. Holy shit.  Haha, can't tell if you're trolling or just plain delusional now.

If people will truly "vote with [their] wallet", then why do we still continue to import goods from countries using basically slave labor? Why is Nestle still in business after their atrocious practices?

Or perhaps more recently and closer to home: why do we need to pass a "sick leave" law when we KNOW a sick person working in public, especially in the food service industry, will probably pass on their illness to us? Because people will still go out to eat despite knowing this.

How do you vote with your wallet? Is it working yet?

Yes, let's wait for the free market to solve everything for us. How does government regulation solve racism? It doesn't *solve* racism, because as you've pointed out, it's a deep and insidious problem that, at best, takes generations to sort itself out. What government regulation does do is provide protections, right now, that are directly beneficial to individuals, at the occasional cost of individual liberty to be a dickbag. Personally, I consider that to be an unambiguous win, but it is a subjective cost-benefit analysis. 

The crux of the issue is, why is government regulation *bad?* It's demonstrably true that laws, at present, can prevent, reduce, or redress acts of bigotry (see: lawsuits against companies that discriminated against a protected class). It is also demonstrably true that, at present, bigotry will directly negatively impact individuals. So, if you think those laws should be removed, even though they're providing some good, you need to do one of two things: either show that they actually provide no/negative utility, or show that the cost of the laws outweighs the utility they provide. So far, I haven't seen any support of either of those points. I saw that because you don't care what happens to people making $2 a day, or whatever you think the market rate would be.   There has to be a balance. If we're still talking about Airbnb I don't think you need to pass regulation to ensure that absolutely no racist situations take place. It doesn't make sense. Does a developing country need labor laws? Of course. Does the US need labor laws? Debatable. You have the right to choose where you work. If I work at a place that doesn't give me sick leave I'll work somewhere that does. 

Some industries still do need basic protections I will admit. 

But back to the point... One racist incident at an Airbnb doesn't need to be the beginning of regulation and enforcement in a new and bustling industry that is doing very well. When I say vote with your wallet what I mean is, you don't have to stay at that Airbnb you can rate it poorly and move on. I especially think that if you complain to Airbnb and they receive multiple complaints they'd shut down the operator of that Airbnb.  Regulation bogs down business and creates so much inefficiency, and it's not even always effective.  Think before you get the politicians and lawyers involved in your daily affairs, because once they're there, they're impossible to get rid of.  Look, I agree some protections are important. Title VII is obviously important. However, my point is, in the case of racism at Airbnb we now have the tools to fight racism or bigotry or just plain bad service. We have rating systems that will drive someone out of business who doesn't play by our rules. I'm not sure if you've read my responses to some of the flame wars that have sprouted since I posted my original response, but my point is only that we need to be very cautious about calling for regulation when it may not be necessary. 

My other point is that some protections go too far and become a hinderance to business and are not always effective in what they're attempting to achieve. A good case to look at is the Community Reinvestment Act, which arguably lead us to the Great Recession. The law sounded great but in practice was a complete disaster. 

Does this mean we don't need human rights protections in a developing country? Of course we do. Is title VII still needed in the US? Probably. But you're arguing in hyperbole and blowing what I said out of proportion. If we stick to the subject matter, what I'm saying isnt ludicrous.  