The registered sex offender accused of cutting woman's hair on TriMet buses is back.  If only TriMet publicized it when bus drivers are pleading with our dispatch to send a supervisor out because the person who assaulted us just got on our bus again. Instead, we are told we are required to service their stop and pick them up & that there's nothing that can be done.

We've had one driver a week assaulted since January 1st. This guy is and always will be a threat to others. Put him in Oregon State Hospital, or keep him in jail if there's no room there. If he switched to cutting topknots off of dudes, he'd be a hero.  This scares me, I have hair down to my waist and take the bus frequently This is terrible and disturbing and awful.

But, I can't help but think some psychologist would have a field day figuring out why exactly this creep has such a powerful and specific modus operandi.  >Other victims said Walter also put super glue in their hair.

I don't think that's super glue... "The Trimet Barber" Is anyone else familiar with "Brooklyn" the female terror of Trimet from the Woodlawn neighborhood. not to minimize the problems the drivers have, but my goodness, I would hope to shout if a guy was jacking off behind me, I would get up and let the driver know. This happened to three separate women on three different buses! Why? I'll carry tin snips and lop his ears off. I donate 2 feet of golden red hair, 3 inches thick, every 3 years to wigs4kids. I don't get the big deal.  He is just giving free haircuts. > We've had one driver a week assaulted since January 1st.

Shit - now I know why they're always hiring.

Trimet could get sued for not providing a safe workplace. I'd fully support bus drivers refusing service to people that have 3 strikes. That's not okay. At all.
I fucking love the drivers that get me safely where I need to go every day, the idea that they don't get any backup for when they don't feel safe makes me feel sick. I'd like to go on record as disapproving of this policy, please. This is awful. 

TriMet should take a page from the UK where the bus drivers sit behind a protective partition. It sucks that we live in a world where that's necessary but I like most of the TriMet drivers and I don't want people fucking with them. [deleted] What is the policy for fighting back, or attacking someone who threatens you and who you can reasonably believe is about to attack you?

 Aren't there something like a couple thousand drivers though? Not to minimize the issue, but if that's roughly accurate, and the "one assault/week" holds, then the average driver would be assaulted about once every 40 years. Doesn't seem too different than the odds of being assaulted in regular life.  Do you really want taxpayers to pay for his lifetime incarceration? I mean, the stuff he's doing is gross and wrong, but it's not the biggest threat to safety, and incarceration is expensive. The average prisoner costs over 30K/year, and the Oregon State Hospital spends 17K/month/patient! 

Personally, I'd rather invest that money in schools and mental health treatment, so hopefully we have less creeps like this in the future. Otherwise, it's just a matter of time before someone puts him in the ground. https://i.imgur.com/ZL18p00.jpg [How to tie a manbun](http://s3.amazonaws.com/theoatmeal-img/comics/manbun/manbun.png)

Joking aside, I don't get why people get so worked up over a hairstyle.  Oddly enough, I saw an ad on the back of a bus from phagen's beauty school that had an image of a man bun and the words "learn to remove this" Not in Japan. He's the hero Portland needs.  My partner also rides the bus frequently.

This guy is going to get caught by someone else's significant other doing this on a bus and it's going to be a race between a 911 response and how fast that person can make his heart stop beating by choking him to death. Hood.ie. If I remember right, this guy was normal until he got brain damaged in a car accident. Just found this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hair_fetishism

> Hair fetishism, also known as hair partialism and trichophilia, is a partialism in which a person sees hair – most commonly, head hair – as particularly erotic and sexually arousing.

And then this gem:

>Haircut fetishism is a related paraphilia in which a person is aroused by having their head hair cut or shaved, by cutting the hair of another, by watching someone get a haircut, or by seeing someone with a shaved head or very short hair.

Just noticed his hair is shaved extremely shortly. Great, now I have something else to be grossed out about this perv. Nail polish remover with acetone dissolves super glue. [deleted] [deleted] FWIW a good pear of sheep shears will do the job just fine. I find my tin-snips to be threatening but difficult to deploy on 'soft stuff'. YMMV.

Edit: Thank you for donating to wigs4kids :-) Complete the look with ejaculate! :/

Also- gross, id be more disturbed by someone cutting my hair on the bus than I would be being groped. Maybe it's because the groping thing is actually common, and the hair cutting is some super weird serial killer style action. The issue is generally that the one asshole isn't alone at a stop and to skip him, basically demands we skip everyone. A Trimet driver is the most underappreciated job in Portland IMO. Just even from what I have personally witnessed they put up with so much shit everyday. I could not do it. Bruce Warner, the TM board president, would love to hear what you think about this. Here's his email warnerb@trimet.org We really appreciate it They are trying this with 3 buses across the district now. Maybe it's just the ones we have, but they don't actually prevent access to the driver if someone wants to come after us, but when I drove the test bus it definitely had a negative impact on both passenger interaction & general use of the bus. People in wheelchairs had an even harder time navigating the (now narrower) walkway, drivers can't hop up out of the seat to help without throwing the door open & it slammed shut on my ankle pretty much anytime I was getting back in the seat.  Add in the very much increased vision barriers due to lots of glare and a design that leaves seams in the plexiglass right in the line of sight for mirrors.

If there was a latch on the passenger side wheel well, so we could open the door and latch it in place, I would feel a lot better about it as a defensive measure, but as is, our only egress option would be tumbling out of the driver's window which is ~6feet up.

That said, until the company sees us as valuable colleagues no amount of physical barriers etc will help bc we will still not be able to expect a swift and strong media outreach after our assault, we won't know that the person will actually be excluded from the system(we don't get flyers with excluded riders photos etc).

When I was assaulted, the only "come meet with me" note I got from a manager was to discuss the complaint that a guy on the street filed when he heard me call my attacker a motherfucker.  As long as they still put bullshit like that above maintaining/checking on our wellbeing, barriers etc are simply PR so they can say they did something. And you're right. It is awful, but I think when organizations make it known that the health and sanity of their employees is utterly sacrosanct, it deters a ton of the low end physical/verbal assaults etc. Yes, assholes will still be out there and won't care about the repercussions, but for the most part people will meet basic expectations when they are very clearly known  A: we have the same difficulty getting any support from cops as the rest of the city.

B: Policy expects us to keep moving and maintain a schedule. 

C: Stopping there, waiting for cops pretty much demands another altercation  I'm threatened on a pretty much weekly basis &amp; pretty convincingly at that. 

Yesterday I had a guy sniffling loud enough I could hear him from the back of the bus. Just a few other people onboard. I said "I've got some paper towels if you want to blow your nose" his response "I've got a knife if you want to bleed out". 

I'm 6'6 290. Even though I'm pretty chatty/cheerful I still get a lot of guys with a bout of little big man syndrome. If we leave our seat we are going to face discipline guaranteed. Even if we stay in the seat we're pretty kill to catch heat for defending ourselves. 100% of our action has to come after we've already been assaulted.  If we are found to be armed, pocket knife, CHP,  mace or otherwise we would face pretty immediate termination.  There are ~1600 on the "transportation"  includes trainers, supervisors, station agents etc.

Drivers are working for the public, expected to maintain control of a 40,000 pound vehicle and ensure the safety of passengers as well as ensuring the bus isn't harmed and doesn't cause any. All of that, to me at least, indicates that some response is necessary. 

To top it off, employees should be able to expect a safe working environment.

When we are only private citizens, we can defend ourselves. We can't really with the same ability when we are on the clock. We also are only tasked with defending ourselves when off the clock, but that isn't the case for us at work. Btw, that's exactly what minimizing the issue would look like, if you were doing that, but obviously you aren't because that would be patently absurd right? Right. > Do you really want taxpayers to pay for his lifetime incarceration?

Yes. If there was a chance at rehabilitation, I'm all for it, but when you get to the point where you have a sex offender with multiple repeat offences the chances that he harms someone else is pretty close to 100%. 

I would rather invest money in schools too, but at some point I'm also willing to cough up tax dollars to prevent women from having dudes jizz on their head while going to work. If I remember right from the last time he got arrested, his problem is that he got brain damage in a car accident.  My understanding is that he's just not able to control his impulses the way a healthy person can.  If that's the case then I'd much rather have him in the hospital than getting constantly sent back to prison. > Do you really want taxpayers to pay for his incarceration? 

Yes. He cannot be rehabilitated, and is a danger to others. >the Oregon State Hospital spends 17K/month/patient! 

> I'd rather invest that money in mental health treatment

LMFAO I feel like Portland's standard-issue is the [faded-pomp and beard look](https://www.google.com/search?q=faded+pompadour+beard&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwijj-fz99jTAhUW9GMKHX_5ApcQ_AUICigB&biw=1440&bih=826).  I like to imagine that everyone that lives in The YARD looks like this. Damn, that's seriously tragic. Edward Scissorhands
https://youtu.be/szLCkEBB6xs?t=49s I didn't realize it was common enough for it's own wiki entry.

TIL. She is absolutely insane and gets violent at random times. My first encounter with her was her walking by while smacking my phone up into my face and calling me a fucking white boy. Bitch I'm mixed.

It's a very unnerving experience seeing as she is so unpredictable.

 Sounds similar. My lady is middle aged, black, and on the 6. It's men like you that make me wish I was young again. All I got left with is golden red hair I've not dyed yet. After deciding to not be a single mother, donating my hair to another woman's child seems to be a fine legacy. How is it possible that you aren't allowed to just refuse to let him get on? I understand that you might not be able to physically stop him, but you could refuse him service, right? Since when is that a problem for drivers?  Please let Bruce Warner, trimet's board president, know what you think of all this! warnerb@trimet.org

We're in the middle of contract negotiations and really need your support. Either way though, thank you for saying this, it means a lot.  [deleted] Consider it done! Thanks for taking the time to write that. It's really useful.

I'm so sorry you're dealing with this bullshit and not getting support when it happens. That's really fucked up.

>People in wheelchairs had an even harder time navigating the (now narrower) walkway, drivers can't hop up out of the seat to help without throwing the door open

So I actually use a wheelchair and this was really interesting to know. Upon further reflection, I realized that the buses in the UK have the wheelchair ramps (which suck. TriMet ramps are like a work of art in comparison) in the middle of the bus. Wheelchair users don't pay to ride the bus in the UK so there's no need to have them enter by the bus pass/ticket station at the front. 

Also, as a wheelchair user on the bus - thanks. You (drivers) are awesome and so helpful. You deserve a safe working environment and it's fucked up you don't have one. >They are trying this with 3 buses across the district now.

Let me guess... 72 has one of these buses. "When I was assaulted, the only "come meet with me" note I got from a manager was to discuss the complaint that a guy on the street filed when he heard me call my attacker a motherfucker."

The primary reason I couldn't drive for Trimet. I love driving my buses but only because I can be selective about my patronage.

Sorry you are having to deal with this shit :-/ [deleted] That guy musta graduated summa cum laude from Charm School.  Fuck that, man.  The shit I've seen drivers put up with while just sitting there strapped in, back to whoever is threatening you, etc.  That's nauseating.



 So, if you're being threatened and you 'bump' the door valve, closing it on your problem person? Hmm, Trimet's website says they have "nearly 3,000" employees. What do the other 1,400 do? I'm just interested in rational information and conversation. I'm wary of statistics without context. "One assault/week" sounds really scary, but over a large population, maybe it's not that out of line with other jobs? Or maybe it is? 

I'm not making a claim one way or the other, I'm trying to figure out how big the problem actually is, for individual drivers. That's why I'm asking for numbers, not declaring that it's not a big deal. So what's the tradoff point for you? If it was 100k/month, would that still be worth it? Yeah, non consensual jizz in hair is terrible, but it's not the worst thing. We give short sentences to people who shoot others in this state, because money. I guess I think that's a worse crime. If we can't afford to protect ourselves from killers, I think we can't afford lifetime sentences for creeps. No, he's a disgust to others, not a danger. I don't think he's ever hurt anyone, just violated and disgusted them. It's terrible, and I wish we had the resources to isolate him from society, but every choice is a tradeoff. I'd rather pay for schools, and street-level support for people who aren't broken yet. Are you really confused, or are you trying to make a cheap rhetorical point? Early interventions and proactive mental health treatment are far, far more cost effective than dealing with dangerous people after they are already broken. Pure cringe. The human brain is a fascinating, broken, stupid thing.

I guarantee there's someone out there who fetishizes dragging their fingernail over the ridges on house keys. I'm not even going to Google it because I can't handle that if true. I WISH a bitch would.  Nope, we can't even refuse service if someone refuses to pay fare. I will gladly let him know how I feel! Thank you for letting me know who to contact.  Yeah, everything is based on seniority. Unfortunately that means the people who are least equipped get the most heinous passenger loads, driving difficulty etc. To top it off low seniority routes have pretty non-existent breaks. Perfect for already stressed out new guys

#33 is a cake walk though. You could have left the "white person" part out. Thank you so much!  Thanks so much.

As for it being harder to use for folks in wheelchairs, there's a bit of a bump out right at the driver's hip basically, seemed to catch a lot of people using chairs right around the shoulder, especially wider power can always seem to use whatever space they can get. 

I'd always assumed the mid section ramp would be better to use. Huh. Good to know. Glad you like what we've got! They're definitely better than the 1900s (high floors with a big lift rather than ramp). Those scared the shit out of me!  I typically wear my suit of armor when I drive late night 72s, especially at the beginning of the month  Each garage has one. Why merlo got one, I've no idea. It's the goddamn country club garage.  There's been some talk of a suit but that is a super risky proposition for whoever files it. Both because of the personal financial liability and the risk that puts on their livelihood over a couple of years that it would take to make its way from start to finish.

Before we get to the step of militarizing, I would love for us to have our strike rights given back to us.  Office staff, bus and train maintenance, rail maintenance, schedulers, dispatchers. A shit ton of administrative staff.  If these assaults were evenly spread throughout the system, sure I could see what you're saying but they're generally pretty focused on a few routes.

The administrative/office staff are behind 3-4 key card entry doors with security in between. Their security is clearly valued, while those of us actually doing the work are hung out to dry.

Any employer treating their employees this way should be hung out to dry, doubly so when it's a publicly owned corporation that loves to intone their "safety is our culture" bullshit motto at every opportunity It's not about how bad the crime is; people who shoot others have a much lower recidivism rate than sex offenders. Safety in public is a basic part of a functioning society.  Fetishes are like Rule 34. "If it exists, there is a fetish for it." In the early days of porn some rando made a webpage of women rubbing balloons on their bodies, and they got way more traffic than they could handle. What the fuck?! [deleted] I thought the 17 was a little harrowing some days but that bus is 90 percent exhausted people and 10 percent people who want to touch my face. Thank you for your service to this incredibly ungrateful city.  The bonus to the mid-section ramp is precisely that there's simply more room. No wheel wells, no ticket section etc. Another issue is that not all power chairs are made equal. A scooter, for example, is frigging massive and almost impossible to navigate (source: I used one for a week when my chair was out of commission and I hated it with the power of a thousand suns!). My power chair is actually capable of turning 360º in place and I've never had issues navigating on the bus (unless it is super packed, but that's a people issue more than anything) but I've watched so many people who just... Uh... let's just say some people are shitty drivers regardless of whether it's a car or a chair.

As for the ramp, the thing that I really love about them is that if it did break down, it's possible to physically deploy it. I've encountered other ramps that come out of the floor and it they're usually so short that the angle was scarily steep to get off/on. Not to mention they break all the damn time and I've had to be lifted off the bus by other passengers a few times.

>They're definitely better than the 1900s (high floors with a big lift rather than ramp). Those scared the shit out of me!

Do you mean the thing they use on the LIFT buses? Because if so, ha, yeah that shit is terrifying. Every time I think it's going to snap and send me plummeting to the ground.

Edit: typos Wouldn't the end of the month be more dangerous? [deleted] So, any cost would be worth it?  Right?

Honestly it's never been something I think we should worry about but having that option was nice. This policy changed fairly recently. Their argument was that it would reduce assaults, bc they think they're about fare. They aren't.

We had another operator assaulted today. LOL!!!!! Nice! I used to get the 51-Vista on the way home from work occasionally. It's like an alternate universe Trimet where everyone is a middle-class, middle-aged white person in business clothes reading the New York Times on a Kindle. (For those unfamiliar, the 51 goes City Center - West Hills). "Touch my face", but at least it's the loving caress of a criddler? Not sure what they use. The older series buses, 2000s and back(we're currently in 3600 generation), didn't have the inset floor between wheel well. Floor was 3 ft higher. Instead of a ramp there was a lift that would extend past the stairs and go down. Before it started going down, you were extended put about 5 feet outside of the bus and about 6ft high. Fucking terrible plan. So glad we don't have them anymore.

I got a knee replaced and they gave me a scooter for about a week before I begged for a manual chair. I was only in it for about a month but it gave me a much better understanding! So impressed when folks can manage not to run everyone/everything down  Early on, drug use is way more apparent Thank you! No, but there is a known cost that is worth it. If pizza cost $500, would it be worth it? Obviously not but that's a ridiculous point to make since pizza is not in fact $500. For a minimum security prisoner that's about $21k per year. (https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2013/08/13/wonkbook-11-facts-about-americas-prison-population/?utm_term=.76846061da7d) "Middle class"

I love the 51, it's technically a bit more challenging than a lot of routes and the people are usually pretty rad. I got a touch of the criddlers. Oh, I get you.

Sad. Yeah, I guess I don't think spending over $500/day to keep this guy in the state mental hospital is worth it. I'd rather have the pizza. Our city is full of creeps, and people are assaulted in much worse ways regularly. What he's doing is terrible, and he should be punished. But at some point paying for extremely expensive treatment seems like a waste of taxpayer money. For the cost of holding him, we could pay for a lot of other things that our society needs. 

If our state was rolling in revenue, I might think differently. But as long as we have deteriorating schools, are laying off teachers, can't enroll people in the Oregon Health Plan, can't maintain our streets...nah, 17K/month for this guy isn't a good use of public money. As an occasional rider of the 51, you've just gotta make sure whether you're going to Council Crest or Hamilton/Newby. I always messed it up. I absent-mindedly used the British version of 'middle-class', which admittedly is indistinguishable to people reading this. I meant what Americans would call upper-middle or something like that. I don't know. The American class system is opaque to me. I can't get my head around a class system based only on $. >  17K/month for this guy isn't a good use of public money.

It's almost like I provided a decent source for the cost and then you proceeded to totally ignore it. Almost.

This isn't a discussion, it's just you saying the same thing over and over again. As an occasional driver of the 51, I know I certainly have never messed that one up :) definitely not. Laser focus and diligence, this one. perhaps the funniest part of this is you (correctly) calling this person out for it and your username is wordsalad, haha, that's some irony (i think). I was responding to the comment that suggested putting him in the Oregon State Hospital, and the 17K/month is their public estimate of cost. 

Citing a Washington Post story about minimum security prisoners is kinda cherry-picking. That figure is literally the lowest I can find. A more reasonable number is from Oregon's own estimate, [confirmed by Politifact](http://www.politifact.com/oregon/statements/2013/jan/18/john-kitzhaber/does-oregon-spend-10000-year-student-30000-inmate/), which was about 31K/year, in 2012. I'm sure it's increased since then.  That's average cost for all inmates. This dude doesn't need to be in a supermax with a bunch of serial killers; minimum security would be both cheaper and okay.   