Central Eastside Industrial Council not in favor of R2DToo move. "We are not in favor of outdoor camping."  If it's such a "great addition to the neighborhood" why move it? I get the feeling the powers that be would prefer the homeless situation be migrated completely to the east side of the river, where it can be stashed under bridges and next to train tracks to be ignored until development moves them even further out. It's not like there's any enforcement over there now, maybe that's being used as bait to attract them all over there... People don't want homeless camps in their neighborhoods, because when a homeless camp springs up, [so does property crime](http://www.oregonlive.com/portland/index.ssf/2015/03/vigilant_travelers_nabbed_grou.html). These morons were convicted of multiple felonies, got no jail time, and got to go right back to their camp, where they can safely and anonymously light-finger all the properties around them.

CEID is already overrun with bum camps. Go over to the area under the MLK/Grand viaduct (which homeless campers damaged by have an out of control fire) or Madison/Main/Salmon near SE Water. They are hoarding so much garbage (and stolen bikes), you can't even use the sidewalks.

R2D2 may have a clean camp within, but they have zero control beyond their boundaries, and they will inevitably attract more homeless and create more problems for business in Central Eastside. Property owners are justified in opposing something that will hurt their livelihood. [deleted] Yes but will the camp be LEED Platinum Certified?  Based on their objection to residential zoning near the light rail line, they're not in favor of indoor camping either. Maybe the city shouldn't have a sponsored homeless camp. They can put them in the new Water bureau HQ. Just have them camp right outside, they should be fine. I would say City Hall is a great place for them to camp, but when they did City Hall found a law that made it illegal to be on their sidewalks. It's perfectly fine to shove this shit show on the SE side. Lets have the Perl district pay to keep it away from the Perl and make rules that only apply to the streets around City Hall. Great leadership... "Good neighbors", then why did I have to spray piss and trash out from in front of the cafe I worked at every morning. Constantly chasing loitering, garbage smelling, crazy talking, bums out of the shop.
Why doesn't the city prioritize the rights of tax paying property owners instead of spending $800k+ on (should be) illegal campers? Randy Leonard's legacy lives on... Nimbyism The guy who owns the property they are on would like to sell, but the "R2D2" people have gained squatters rights. That area is on the up and up. They dont want anymore homeless camps . I want this crime thing proven or debunked. For one, the leader of R2D2 was arrested and convicted of a crime in Old Town. Fritz said they "brought no crime" with them.

http://www.oregonlive.com/portland/index.ssf/2014/07/right_2_dream_too_ibrahim_muba_4.html

I really have a hard time believing they can do that. For one, they bring homeless people to their camps and many are turned down for various reasons, including because they're trouble makers. Where do those said people end up going? My guess is to adjacent places nearby.

> They are hoarding so much garbage (and stolen bikes), you can't even use the sidewalks.

I don't get how that's not an ADA violation? You've never been to this neighborhood have you?  They're already all there. [deleted] I'm no rocket scientist, but maybe it's because they don't want them to move into their back yard.   I don't know - quick, hire a consultant! so we can take it that you'd welcome, with open arms, RTD2 right next to your place, right?  >I don't get how that's not an ADA violation?

is it an ada violation if you can't get down the street on your Rascal because there are too many people stopped, waiting for the walk sign?

ADA doesn't grant disabled people some automatic preferential access to public property. it requires accommodating designs and features.  Calling that crime is BS, he was arrested for walking across a parking lot to check on people sleeping under the bridge.  ctl+f "idiots"...

1 of 1... [deleted] We need to form a steering committee or a task force first. I was being snarky when I said that, more or less making fun of people on this sub. > ADA doesn't grant disabled people some automatic preferential access to public property. it requires accommodating designs and features.

And if a Cafe has seating, etc. that block the access of the sidewalk -- you're saying they cannot be cited under ADA circumstances (or any other disability code violation)?

> ADA doesn't grant disabled people some automatic preferential access to public property. 

It's not "preferential" to assume the sidewalks should be passable and that wheelchair routes should be created for new and existing spaces and buildings. I haven't heard anything about that and considering how easy it is to not get charged in Mult. Co for such small infractions, it makes me wonder. I would guess simply "walking across a parking lot" is way under reporting what happened.  [deleted] But not much without C3P0 around to translate. no no, that comes after the initial consultant report costing mid-fix figures. 

then we'll C@ex!$t, get in our drum circle steering committee, completely change the focus of what we're actually trying to accomplish or study based upon the whims of the most annoyingly shrill member of said committee, and then commission a second study. 

by that time, of course, LEED Super-Diamond-Triple-Platinum Certification will exist. And then we'd need to start again. 

because it's for the children.  well then i'm being preemptively snarky to the people who would say it, too.  Nice jab, internet troll no, in that case the government, in violation of the ADA, approved a variance in the use of the public right-of-way, so there's actionable government conduct there. 

simplify it: do you think it's an *ADA* violation if a panhandler is sprawled out on the sidewalk in a fashion that prevents a wheelchair from rolling through that portion of the sidewalk (presuming the wheelchair user doesn't bump into the panhandler)  

who in that case violates the ADA? conflated, it seems.  You didn't running any of this past the inclusionary officer, shitlord If the city has created a scenario where there's a persistent and consistent blockage of an accessible route -- and won't fix or remedy it, then the City could be at fault.

In regards to a random panhandler, then no. Be that as it may, that's one reason we should support Sit Lie. [deleted] shit!

I should take my crippling BOLI quasi-judicial fine and be happy I wasn't drawn and quartered by the SJWs, amrite? 

 the city didn't create the panhandler. but yes, i did agree with you where the ada-subject entity (municipal government) created the non-conforming accessibility barrier. 

again, requiring government/businesses to affirmatively maintain disabled access *to the exclusion* of non-disabled actors is not a general requirement of the ada in most situations (i think there may be some exceptions for seating in public arenas, though). it just isn't. 

handicapped stalls in bathrooms are not required to be left for use by handicapped people exclusively, as another example.  i'm pretty sure biking while intoxicated is still a crime, but at least your backpedalling amuses me.  I am a transethnic otherkin, and you have triggered me. I am going to make a very angry Tumblr post about your patriarchal behavior. Checkmate, cis-denier. ADA is not about exclusion, it's about inclusion. If a sidewalk is not maintained to ADA standards, the city can definitely be held liable. You're focusing on the wrong thing. ADA is not about able bodied versus disabled, it's about providing fair access to public and private amenities via codified standards.

For instance, if the city hands out business permits that allow them to entirely block a sidewalk off -- you're saying they're not open to possible litigation? [Oh, You!](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/010/390/pC8jf5t4eWCDKcMu.jpg) no, they are. because they're the ones creating the ada violation. 

they're not creating an ada violation by "allowing" someone to panhandle on a sidewalk and thus render it impassable to wheelchairs any more than they're creating an ada violation by having a mass of people, by their usage of the walkway, impede wheelchair access to the same walkway. 

i'm not aware of any ada "maintenance" standards.

the "exclusion" concept is relevant, because the statute doesn't provide for exclusion of non-disabled people to the benefit of disabled people, such as would be the case if there was some manner by which the ADA required the city to ensure that a disabled people could wheel through an otherwise ada-compliant (in design and construction) sidewalk where someone else was contemporaneously occupying that space. which is what you believe to be the case.  The Digital Inclusion Officer will make sure that Digital Lives Matter!
https://www.portlandoregon.gov/revenue/article/511681

>Training on Apple, **Lennox** devices

if you're going to pay someone 50k to hold a "digital inclusion summit" they better know what "linux" is. Paul:

Once again you're sucking me into this blackhole of non-sense you tend to go for.

Here is a relevant case where the City of Los Angeles was sued for ADA violations for not maintaining and repairing their sidewalks (i.e., not making sure they're accessible for the disabled).

http://losangeles.cbslocal.com/2015/04/01/city-of-la-to-spend-1-4b-to-repair-sidewalks-in-ada-lawsuit-settlement/

The City of Portland -- via its hands off approach to homeless camps along sidewalks -- could very well be in violation of ADA. I see some stretches of sidewalk that are entirely cut off. So does this mean East Portland residents could sue the city for ADA noncompliance over the lack of sidewalks/paved streets?  i don't really give care if you think that people's transient, non-permanent usage of public rights-of-way to the exclusion of disabled people is analagous to a city needing to physically maintain public rights of way to certain standards. 

start a citizen suit or get in touch with disability rights oregon if you think you've got a winning argument.  My understanding is a street doesn't necessarily have to have a sidewalk to be ADA, so no.

If it does have one, it needs to fit a certain standard. Lots of streets, even urban ones, don't have "sidewalks" technically. A street without a sidewalk isn't necessarily inaccessible by nature, but really the fast unsafe ones are totally not safe for someone in a wheelchair, and it shows some of the inequity people in wheelchairs face that most take for granted.

It's an interesting point and I never thought of that before. I do not know the answer as to why a street can be created to be so inaccessible. > start a citizen suit or get in touch with disability rights oregon if you think you've got a winning argument.

This all started with me simply questioning how it wasn't a problem with people with disabilities and that there was merit, and then you yammering on how it wasn't a violation.

I am concerned about accessibility for people with disabilities, but this isn't my interest and it would be insulting as someone who is able-bodied to bring a suit against the city. 