wheelchair accessible transit door to door hi all im looking for suggestions for getting around portland right now i have some assistance with taxis but im looking for more cost effective door to door options i have ride to care for medical appointments but my dr wrote a letter asking that i not be on that because it caused so many issues for example being left too long so im trying to find an alternative thats door to door but not as expensive as taxis the lift trimet service leaves me for hours same as medical transport and uber and lyft use the same companies as medical transport so im running out of ideas?
 What's wrong with Trimet LIFT? This is exactly what it's for.  Try Ride Connection. They’re really the only option outside of Trimet LIFT and offer many services (including door to door). https://rideconnection.org So you want something that gives you the speed & convenience of a taxi but doesn't charge as much as taxis?

Looks like it's time to make some friends with vans. Have you actually tried Uber or Lyft? There's a lot of times Ubers are unavailable but in my experience my boyfriend and I usually only have to wait about 20-30 minutes for a Lyft. Granted, it's always after 4 so availability could be different during the day.

We had one Uber driver who is absolutely fantastic that has her own accessible van and I believe she drives privately in addition to Uber. I don't have her information on hand but I'd be happy to get it and pass it along to you if you'd like.

ETA: If drivers on standard TriMet buses are refusing to/improperly securing your chair you should 100% complain. Start with punctuation, I’m having a hard time even understanding the details of what you’re asking. because frequently i get left for several hours then well frankly i get left again because i go pee take more then 5 minutes they leave and im back on will call for however long > the lift trimet service leaves me for hours

I've heard the same before with disabled folks. It's the last thing you want to use, and it isn't reliable for appointments. thank you ill give that a look :) lol i know i wish it were that easy but the lifts for powered wheelchairs are expensive and the modifications for a ramp are as well unfortunately  yea ive tried both i tried uber once and reported the driver for not securing my chair lyft is great in terms of safety but the lack of tracking is the biggest problem for me they generally leave the phones in the office so the tracking never updates so i never know when they will show up so i either arrive late or too early and as far as trimet i have complained in the past but it seems to just fall on ears that are not concerned  Thank you for the constructive comment. I will try better punctuation that will most certainly help me get around town much better :) Can you complain to Trimet? Or is LIFT service generally crappy? I know that some of these places prioritize life-sustaining trips, so maybe that's part of it?
&nbsp;

Not to pry, but is there a reason you can't take a standard Trimet bus?  exactly Right, I forgot about Lyft's tracking not being super great. It does seem to be getting better just in the few months I've been taking them and we'll occasionally be able to track our ride but I believe you can always call dispatch to get an ETA if the app isn't tracking your driver. i have depth perception issues so i often  dont  see curbs correctly and more or the problem is my panic attacks i dont do well i just started leaving the house after 6 years and every time i have ridden in the past the drivers dont want to secure my chair and either wont or do it half ass as far as lift its always been crappy for me  Trimet Lift service sucks. My wife has a visual impairment and has tried to use it a few times. Basically you tell them where your pickup and dropoff point is and what time that you need to get there and they give you a 2-hour pickup window of when they may be there to pick you up. Same goes for leaving too. If you get picked up on the early side of that 2-hour window you will probably end up ridding around on the Lift bus for close to that whole 2 hours while they go all over town to pickup other people.  ill give it another shot and see how it goes its a lot more affordable  First - way to go on overcoming the panic after so long housebound. I have panic disorder and know how hard it can be, especially once it becomes ingrained. Second - I used Trimet fairly regularly for work a while back and I think some of the attitudes may be better than you remember. It was pretty common for me to see a driver leave the wheel in order to secure wheelchairs and mobility scooters. You may want to try it out on a day that you are not actively trying to get to an appointment to see if you find it more reliable now. thank you for the congratulations and thats great to hear that you have seen trimet improve i think i will try it on a day when someone can ride with me and see how it goes :) [deleted] thank you I will certainly give it another look 