Trying to find handicapped accessible(ish) housing for me and my partner with bad credit. Any leads? I feel like a jerk posting this here but apartment searching has become a more-than-full-time job/obsession for me and I'm feeling frustrated by my lack of results. My partner and I need to be out of our current living situation by September 1. We've known of this since mid-June, but due to not having a couple thousand dollars available to throw at deposit fees and such, we've just been looking for the past month.

He just began working full-time again a week ago, after having been out of work for a few months due to an injury. I have a decent amount of steady, reliable disability income--I've been physically disabled my whole life, and have had trouble finding meaningful, gainful employment that I've been able to sustain long-term. (I am about to begin working with both a regular therapist and a vocational rehabilitation counselor; I also volunteer fairly regularly.)

So we have the money saved, we have the income down and are working within our budget. I found a totally sweet place on 60-something and Woodstock that I loved: NO STEPS (I'm mobility impaired... I do walk but with leg braces, can't do all steps independently, and sometimes use a wheelchair), good size, good price, allows cats (I have two). We were certain we were going to get it, as I had made clear with documentation that our income would cover rent, and that I had enough in my bank account to pay the required deposits.

Buuuut, in his sordid past, my partner has a defaulted student loan. He's going to begin paying it back soon--he has a mental health evaluation coming up soon actually to possibly begin working with voc rehab as well, and would like to return to school in the future. But that doesn't help us now. We need a place to live now.

**tl;dr,** Anyone have resources on a rental available beginning of September (we might be able to have a couple weeks' wiggle room on that date; currently renting a room from a friend, and she just needs the extra space as her family situation has changed), that has few-to-no steps, under $900, will let me have two cats, and would be OK with one party's poor credit history if they are taking steps to rectify it? Higher deposit or co-signer OK. Pretty much anywhere, though preferably on the east side and within biking distance to public transit. HALP! Have you heard of The Yards at Union Station?

http://www.gsltheyards.com/

I wouldn't personally be thrilled about living there, but:

1. It is new construction so I suspect it will accommodate your disability well.
2. It's cat friendly.
3. It's within your budget.
4. They seem to always have units available.
 I'd recommend checking temporary housing listings on Craigslist. A family renting out a spare bedroom or finished basement in their house, or someone looking for a sub letter or housemate may not do the full credit check a rental company might. It may not be ideal accommodation, but it sounds like you need some time to accrue more savings and to start paying off that loan. Temporary housing/house sharing may not sound appealing, but if it buys you time to get your respective finances in order it may be well worth it. The main issues may be location (you might find yourself father out than you want; temporary housing can be more expensive than normal rentals and $900 is a really low budget) and the two cats, but there are plenty of listings that will accommodate couples so at least that may not be your biggest issue. Right now you need a roof over your heads, so try to at least find somewhere that you can stay starting sept 1 and will buy you some time to find a better place.  Why wouldn't you live there? Trains? 