CC Slaughter's Bathroom I apologize in advance if this is too much of a rant but I wanted to get it out to the generally open minded and good folks of /r/portland for some exposure. 

A dear friend of mine is a wheelchair user and was using the bathroom at CC Slaughter's this weekend, which for those who haven't been in there, the bathroom is open to all to share and use and is considered a safe space for all. One great thing about CC's is they very much do not tolerate any sexist, homophobic, or otherwise untoward treatment of other humans enjoying their time there. My friend, while using the bathroom, has mentioned to me that a cis-male in the stall next to her offered to assist her while she was trying to pee (which, she gets unusual offers of this sort fairly often, so she responded with a "no thank you" through the stall door and resumed her business expecting to have some privacy. The male then said to her "I could lick it real good for you" and left shortly after.

She not only felt terrified, violated, and embarassed, but now this safe space that she has gone to for many years, has now become a place where she has to question her safety. In a fucking bathroom. That everyone shares and has the purpose of being a safe space. I am just hoping that 1. if you are the person who said this to my friend you should be ashamed of yourself and please never, ever set foot in that establishment again and 2. keep in mind that our gay bars are especially sacred ground whether you are gay, straight, in between, and so forth. These are areas where people REALLY NEED a safe space to hang out at as opposed to the rest of the bars in the city. And for the love of all that is holy, if you see someone who is in a wheelchair whether they are in the bathroom, opening a door, using a crosswalk, don't ask to assist them unless they ask you for help. 

edit: no surprise to me this is getting down-voted to the ends of the earth, but I was hoping to start a discussion where I wasn't having to defend why people should be treated decently and not feel victimized.

 What that guy said was rude and inappropriate. And yes, he should feel ashamed of himself. However, every woman--make that every girl over the age of about 6--knows that public restrooms are not a "safe space" no matter how many slogans may be hung up around the door. And any woman old enough to drink knows that a *coed* bar restroom in particular is pretty much the opposite of a "safe space." Which is why most women outside your Portlandia Tumblr bubble prefer to use sex-segregated bathroom facilities or single use bathrooms.

So what you have here is a classic case of reality walking up and smacking your idealistic ideological fantasy over the head with a cast iron skillet. It's nice to think that unisex bathrooms in gay bars are a "safe space." However, they absolutely are not.

What is CC Slaughters supposed to do about this? Tell the management if someone is a jerk to you, and they can make the call to refuse service to the jerk. Other than that...? it's almost like alcohol makes people horny

who knew Sorry a jerk went into the No Jerks zone--it happens. Some people are assholes, wuddayagunnado.
 >  a cis-male

go back to tumblr > no surprise to me this is getting down-voted to the ends of the earth, but I was hoping to start a discussion where I wasn't having to defend why people should be treated decently and not feel victimized.

You could probably find a subreddit that would be more suitable for that sort of thing, such as TwoXChromosomes. [deleted] [deleted] The same argument was used to justify racial segregation, especially in schools. "We’d LOVE it if this WERE a safe place for you, but it just ISN’T, so it’s really just for your own good that you stay in YOUR safe place, otherwise we can’t protect you." Good thing a ton of people fought for their "idealistic ideological fantasy" anyway. 

I'm a dude but I think everyone should feel safe in any restroom, regardless of where they fall on the gender spectrum. After all, sex-segregated bathroom facilities or even single-use bathrooms are no guarantee of safety. There's absolutely nothing wrong with the poster rallying the community to look out for each other. So that makes harassing someone OK? I'm a jerk and I've never seen a sign that said No Jerks Allowed. Perhaps they should start labeling these types of things. [Dis gone be good](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view5/2837510/michael-jackson-eating-popcorn-o.gif) [deleted] [deleted] how is it idiotic to have a bathroom open for all sexes? especially in a gay night club where most of the bathrooms are? No one is living in the past, in fact, it seems to me to be entirely progressive in Portland where I am seeing many bathrooms in gay / and non gay establishments having non-gender specific bathrooms. People do say stupid shit, but that isn't an excuse when it's violating someone's sense of safety. sure, she could have said something back. But sometimes when you feel your safety threatened not everyone has the immediate instinct to react in a defensive way.  Everyone should feel safe, sure. Everyone should be able to leave their bike unlocked too. That doesn't mean that wanting a place to lock up your bike is equivalent to demanding a return to Jim Crow laws.

What would "protection" look like, here? Having some kind of jerk whistle you blow and everyone in the bar runs in and beats the guy up? Screening for jerks at the front door? The only solutions that are really viable are the ones I discussed: segregate bathrooms by sex (which at least cuts down on that kind of incident, even though it will never eliminate it) or tell the management after something bad happens so they can deal with it. no, but i don't really think i'd ever consider the bathroom at a gay bar a "safe space". in fact, that's the exact kind of thing i'd expect to hear at a place like that. [deleted] THANK YOU! *high five* [deleted] how about the word "male"? i think people will understand what you are talking about. i thiiiiiink. I guess what you’re TRYING to say is society can’t really be expected to stand up for/protect women when they depart designated "space spaces" as established by the Woman-Zones Committee, which you are obviously (being so well-versed in women’s safety issues) a member of? i was gonna post something along the lines of "i sure do post a lot about gay bars despite being a straight male who has never gone to one" but then i thought better of it > Sounds pretty fuckin presumptuous and absolutely bigoted.

they posted an e-high five to someone in another post. what about people who only have 4 fingers? i think they are being cis-able or something.

this thread hurts my brain [deleted] i have no idea what the hell you are on about, but i think the letters "sjw" might be involved with it
 I don't think this dude made any blanket statements about women and was talking about any ~~human~~ sack of cells in general.  [deleted] So you admit that you don't know if they were cis- or trans-.  A deep voice & shoes are not enough to go on. [deleted] [deleted] har har harrrr.... we don't know if he was a straight male, hence why I used the original term "cis-male". Jesus fucking christ portland. 2 true, sack of cells is the term i will go with.  Jesus fucking christ, who gives a fuck if he's cis or not? Why even bother with the clarification? Not to mention, isn't it totally possible they were 'non-cis'? The fuck do you know about them?  PC p0lice 2 da rescue. 

edit: You saw the persons skin tone and didn't mention that, you know why? Because it doesn't matter. The same thing applies to gender identity, sexual orientation, color of their socks at the time, etc. etc.  They're a jerk is what matters here, calling them out as 'cis-male' just makes you seem like a bigot.  hmmm not a bigot. nope. Hey, I hope you're not .  I'm just saying what it could make you seem like to other people. Maybe I'm wrong, maybe you don't give a fuck, whatever, but it might be something to be aware of.  