Portland's end to free disabled parking opened up spaces, exposed widespread abuse downtown (interactive map)  A friend of mine would use his mothers pass to park on street all day instead of paying ~150$ a month for parking in a downtown garage.  Serious douchebaggery.  I just hope this doesn't hurt actual disabled people but the proposal looks solid. I am really happy about this rule. Honestly, it's not that expensive to pay to park for a few hours downtown. My grandfather is in a wheelchair and I am his caregiver, I was not even aware we could park for free. I still paid even though we had the placard thing. It reall pisses me off that people abuse a system that is put in place to help people with disabilities. Like, your stupidity must be your disability you ignorant ass. I've seen people pull into the wheelchair space like, oh ill just be a minute and it's empty anyway. Lady, you have 2 legs that work just fine, I need that spot to safely unload my passenger into his wheelchair. That's what that fuckig extra space on the side of the spot is for, for his chair to be in because you can't do it in a normal space or you'll scratch up someone car, or I risk not having a good enough hold on him while were transferring and he could fall and break a hip. All because someone didn't wanna walk farther.  As usual, you give someone an inch and they take a mile.  The article is very clear that the number of vehicles using disabled permits in downtown has dropped significantly. What isn't clear is whether that was due to fraud/abuse like /u/FancyNewAccount's anecdote or simply a case of "it is free for me to park on the street so why not?"

Freeing up 20% of on-street parking is huge. But where did those vehicles go? Are they now in private garages? Are drivers now using TriMet? Or staying home? What do the permit users think of the new rules? Besides the inconvenience and expense of having to pay are the new rules causing problems for them? The Freakonomics podcast had an episode on disabled permit abuse.  Apparently, abuse has been a problem in different cities. [deleted] I have a disabled permit that I use on bad days.  (For me, good days are pretty good, I can get around and walk a mile or more.  But bad days are BAD, and I struggle to make it a few hundred feet)  On a bad day, I would park and put the placard up.  On good days, I wouldn't.  Now there is no reason to put the placard up because I have to pay either way.  I wouldn't say I abused the system.  It seems that if people were parking their cars for days, weeks, or months, then we should be able to do something about that without at the same time limiting options for the disabled. Overall though, I think what PBOT has done here is a good change. I think the claims of abuse are still highly exaggerated.  They fail to consider that since the ban, disabled parkers probably don't put the blue sign up at all since there's no reason to.  Just because the sign isn't up doesn't mean they aren't disabled.  My mom uses hers and she keeps it in the glovebox until its time to use it, they are way to big to drive around with. Not going to lie, coming from Texas to Portland gave me insight on how things work quick. Had a car, brought it up attached to a uhaul only to sell it less than 4 months after arriving. 

Between it costing more for insurance here, fuel, and on top of that, parking? No thanks. 150 a month from what I see in this post is a month and a half of bus pass for me. 

Makes me wonder how people afford this kind of thing when I'm struggling to pay rent... I hope there's a special place in hell for people that park in disabled spots or use the placards illegally.    
 Still not quite sure why you should get 3 hours of parking for the price of one, or why they even extend the allowable parking time by that much, but here's something Portland did mostly right. Kudos. 

 I think they give away too many of those blue cards as it is.  My wife had a stroke, it is extremely difficult for her to walk around more than 100 feet at a time.  She needs the card for when I take her places and I don't use it by myself.  However when I see some fat ass hang their tag and waddle into the store, it pisses me off because they are only disabled because they like donuts.   Now I'm a big fat ass too, so I'm just as guilty of the donut love, but damnit, I walk from where ever is needed to get where I want to go.

I of course have no idea how the DMV could restrict these more without probably breaking many hippa rules. so....
 It's obvious there was abuse going on, I'm just upset I'm only hearing about it now, I totally would have gotten a disabled permit :-) just kidding, I'd rather have more spots be open and keep cars moving in and out of downtown as I never park and spend the entire day down there... That's crazy!  How is it possible that 70% of people with placards were fakers?  But, hey, maybe now I can find parking within hobbling distance and won't have to avoid downtown anymore.

edit:  Steve Novick sounding like a dick here:

>"I'm also sure that some people with real mobility issues, absent the availability of free parking, have found other ways to get downtown," Novick said.

Like what?  Hobbling to and from bus stops?  If you are impaired enough to need a placard, you are probably too impaired to walk far enough to take public transportation.
 If you think people are abusing the system for free parking, just imagine how bad the abuse is for ebt cards, housing assistance and unemployment benefits. It's time to cut back on handouts, the abuse is too widespread and we can't afford to float a bunch of lazy people all so we can feel good about ourselves. I love hassling the self-appointed cops who think its somehow their business if I park in handicapped zone. It sounds like it was pretty well planned out. You choose friends poorly. Same with legitimate service animals - we now have a rash of fake service animals and "companion" animals. >What do the permit users think of the new rules?

Do you mean legit permit holders?

I'll say the same thing that I did when this rule was enacted:  I am happy to pay for parking, but the 3 hour limit sucks.  Sometimes I have to go to day-long work seminars where the only parking within (my) walking distance is 3 hour or less metered spots.  I don't get around well enough to be able to hike back and forth every few hours and move my car (not to mention the disruption to the seminar).  I emailed the city at the designated address to ask for advice, but they never bothered to respond. We're staying home more often, or spending money even more locally.  Portland's loss, I guess. You are pond scum. why should your paying for parking vary based on whether you're having a good or a bad day? 

 Better jobs than yours? The price discount seems to be to keep their system simple. You use the same meter with having  change the meters. A lot of legitimate disabilities can't be identified just by looking at a person. I'm sure there are plenty of people who are simply fat sloths who get these placards, but you can't assume, because some have more going on than just that. [deleted] I regularly see people in wheelchairs using the bus. I would guess that these people are likely of an economic class that do not have the means to own a car or pay for someone to drive them. They probably do not have strong family/friend support either.  I certainly hope people with walking issues are able to find parking or decent transport, but yes some impaired people most certainly do take the bus. I think most places downtown are within two blocks of a transit stop. It's likely easier to get closer to your destination through public transit than finding an open parking spot; it usually is for me, anyway. Why anyone would downvote this comment is baffling to me.  [deleted] It really pisses me off working in retail because we aren't allowed to even ASK if an animal is a service animal, and the majority of people that bring their dogs into my store know this and exploit it.  Won't rent to me because my pitbull, just a second... I'll be right back and now it is my service animal. Yeah I'll be on Trimet, see some able bodied, not-blind lady with a chihuahua. Please tell me how that's a service animal?  I know they were experimenting with allowing people to pay the parking meter via text, maybe that would be a good fix for your situation.  That's what parking garages are for. What address? What's your mobility range? I'm not being an accuser. Maybe we here could help you come up with a plan instead or help find a city contact for you. Definitely follow up with the city, their job is to help. I've found a phone call works better than email, even if you just have to leave a message. A guy in my building got a newly striped spot less than half a block from the front door - in an area with typically 90 minute parking. After all, the point of the new policy to curb *unjustified* use, not to make your life hell. Wouldn't it be your works responsibility to provide you with adequate handicap services to attend work related events?

I believe you might get a response from your HR department far sooner than the City of Portland. Why not park at a parking garage? They're everywhere. why don't you ask your job for reasonable accommodations so that you can get to your work-related seminar instead of pawning it off on broader society?  You're worse than pond scum. You're that shit-filled water that gets dumped into the Willamette when it rains too hard. It took me longer than it should have to figure this one out. not all disabilities, illnesses, injuries, etc have a constant predictable set of symptoms. I don't know about paying for it, I am always happy to pay.  The issue for me is on some days, I need closer parking.  It may not be as easy for me to pop down and move my car or feed the meter.  That's why I said under the old system, if I was having a good day, I wouldn't put up my placard.  I should clarify:  When I say 'bad day' I am referring to excruciating pain. If you don't suffer from chronic acute pain it might be hard for you to empathize.  Mnn.. No not really. Texas had better jobs somehow, but I may have been lucky. Worked for Redbox and all, and that was 12-18 an hour including mileage. 

Here? I'm struggling to keep 12 an hour contracting gigs.. It's just kind of disappointing. 

Edit: reading comprehension is not one of my strong points. Keeping this in because it's kind of relevant. If these jobs exist and don't require 4 years of bio engineering or something, would love to find them... huh? No, i'm asking a different question. 

Why do you get 2 hours free? What is it about disability and disability alone that justifies not paying for the parking. Or to reference the chart and the caption, why did/does the city need to compromise with reduced rates. 

And the allowable parking - you get a 50% time increase on a 2 hour spot (which seems reasonable, maybe a little generous but nbd, to account for slower movement), but you get a 200% time increase on a 1 hour spot? That doesn't make sense.  My usual response to "You don't look disabled." is "You don't look like an idiot.  Guess we're both wrong, eh?" Correct. I've got deformed feet (birth defect). I also happen to be overweight. Yeah but you can't deny that these placards are widely abused, on the streets and in private lots too.

Seems like the placards didn't used to be so commonplace, or maybe didn't exist at all? When I was a kid, disabled people had permanent license plates and there didn't seem to be this stream of superficially healthy-looking people utilizing the handicapped parking spots. What changed? Was it a court ruling? Did doctors' attitudes shift? Did we redefine what qualifies as a disability? Thanks for not saying ftfy You're right, I was referring more to people in my situation because wheelchair users are not affected by the change.  I have a hard time getting around but refuse to use a wheelchair.  That means that I am unable to hike to and from bus stops.  Obviously people with wheelchairs and such are often able to use public transportation. Because the myth of wide spread welfare fraud? Do not post contrary to the hivemind. I'm sorry, I hope you find better friends - I'll buy you a beer if we ever meet IRL. Might depend on employer policy (I don't think its unusual to forbid non-management from asking), but the two questions defined by the ADA are "is it a service animal?" And "what tasks is it trained to perform?"  Breed restrictions are kinda fucked though. dogs have been trained to help individuals with panic attacks, as well as to alert others to pending heart attacks, seizures, and blood sugar level changes. It's not. It's an emotional service animal that doesn't actually qualify for ADA accommodation BUT HOW DARE YOU QUESTION ME That would, indeed, be awesome.  As long as those with placards wouldn't be required to move their vehicle every 3 hours. > where the only parking within (my) walking distance is 3 hour or less metered spots

Some of us can't hike for several blocks. I appreciate the support, but I try not to give *too* much personal information on reddit.

Fortunately, the seminars that I have to attend are infrequent.  But it might be tough for others.  I read something about pre-paid, scratch-off parking permits, though I am not sure how they work.  A good solution would be to allow people to scratch off, say, 8 hours instead of 3, and not need to move their car.  There is no such thing as an HR department in a small, family business.  In fact, *I* am the HR department. We already had this discussion yesterday.

 What am I pawning off, exactly?  What part of "I am happy to pay for parking" don't you understand? great. How is that related to paying for parking? 
 There's a lot of great paying, high skill jobs here and plenty of low skill, no pay jobs. And almost no midpay, low to mid skill jobs though just curious what made you move here?

 [deleted] Well if you get out of your car completely fine, walk perfectly fine and keep pace with me, I am going to be suspicious why you have a parking pass that is meant for people that can't get around very well. Doctors are afraid of being sued over denying a patient a parking permit, maybe?
 EBT abuse is rampant. Everyone I know under the age of 30 with them are just a joke. Drug dealers, train hoppers, and people with large amounts of untaxed income. I'm not saying I can think of a fix for it but it needs to be looked into. http://media.oregonlive.com/politics_impact/photo/10676724-large.jpg In this instance it's more "don't be an idiot". They're totally fucked, but I guess doggy racism is legal. No, they aren't. Owning a specific breed of a dog is nowhere close to being a protected class of religion, having kids, your race, your gender, your sexual preference, your age or if you are in the military or not. Nor is it anything like if you make enough money, have good or bad credit nor rental history. They also can be prescribed for things like depression, which is kinda bullshit. True that *some* service/companion animals are necessary, but I disagree with people that abuse the system just so they can take their dog everywhere. Right? Look, no emotional support animals aren't a qualifying class of service animals, but fucking no one's getting paid enough to confront that level of cause dedicated crazy. Looking at [this map](http://portland.bestparking.com/) I'm struggling to work out where in downtown it is even possible to be several blocks away from off-street parking. The [scratch-off permits](http://www.oregonlive.com/commuting/index.ssf/2014/06/portlands_new_disabled_parking.html) appear to be good for at least 4 or 6 hours, depending on what you pay (looks like this is old info, they're available in more hour options now). Sounds like they're available at the PBOT office. There's also info on them available here:
https://www.portlandoregon.gov/transportation/64922 So it's your responsibility, got it. He had a good point until that pawning off remark :/ we write laws so that employers have to work with you on your disability when you're doing work things so you don't complain about how society isn't doing perfectly right by your idiosyncrasies/offloading the cost on everyone else. Lacking the ability to make it back to the meter to pay. Trips taking longer. Yeah. Finding it out the hard way. Happy to take on a trade, just need to find it. Metalworking is something I hear about often.  Wife is Canadian, I'm a born and raised Texan. We wanted a midway point and felt Oregon was ideal. 

Kinda.. > People often park in a spot for more than the indicated time by returning to the car and putting more money in the meter,

that's not actually allowed - the car needs to be moved from that spot if it's been in that spot for the entire allowable zone time. you don't seem to understand how parking works, period. 
 Cuz there's plenty of diseases where mobility problems come and go.  That person may be keeping pace with you on the way into the mall, but may be stopping to rest every 300 ft on the way out. Hello! 

I am 22 with an EBT card. I am in school and part-time job + tuition doesn't work very well, so I qualified. Never dealt drugs or lived on a train or skipped my taxes. I just live with my girlfriend and we buy groceries.  Ah, a chart! You got me, obviously more people on food stamps means fraud. Lots of things that aren't illegal still qualify you as a douchebag, especially when they have little basis in reality. And seriously, it was OVERNIGHT on that shit. One news report came out about how somebody felt better with their dog and it was like the next day and 1/2 the city had emotional support animals.

We were obviously on the brink of world destruction, with the amount of people not able to accomplish anything without emotional support animals. Not bullshit, but also NOT a service animal. They're considered emotional support animals if they're not trained to perform specific tasks, but can help the person with their mental illness/disability. However, when that's the case they are NOT allowed in public places where normal dogs aren't allowed.  You have not suffered from a mobility issue...pain is debilitating and cruel.  There was a period of about six years when I could not walk more than a HALF block without searing pain...until I had both hips and knees totally replaced.   Thank you!  There wasn't any information available when I looked.  They say 4 or 6 hours, but it does look like there is an all day option on the card. why? why does his employer get to skate by free while everyone else pays for his work-centric disability issues.  You aren't making any sense. He doesn't want to get free parking.  He wants to have accessible non-hourly parking.  He wants to be able to pay the same amount, but be able to park for longer times.

There is no "offloading the cost" to anyone.  He just wants a longer than 3-hour limit. what do you mean "back to" the meter? you pay when you park. did you know before you moved that we have very high unemployment outside of the tech sector? [deleted] I know there are exceptions. I'm sure there are more people who deserve it in this range than don't. I'm just saying there are many many people who take advantage of it. Do explain food stamps going from 500k to 800k during the years of economic recovery. tipsymom gets it.  I love the "its only a few blocks" comments from people who just don't understand what that means when every few steps can be exponentially worse the farther you have to walk.

Not only that, but downtown proper isn't the only place with metered parking.  Parking garages aren't always an option.

  You then sound like a candidate for a wheel chair/walker/scooter. Sorry but there are a lot of businesses downtown that have 0 parking for anybody and if walking on your own from a parking structure is too far, then you have to look for alternative modes to get around. I worded it wrong. It was a good point. And then he had to look like a jackass by adding that pawn off remark. he's complaining that society isn't being accommodating enough to his work life since he now can't park at a 3-hour meter for 8 hours (and pay for it).

he should be complaining to his employer instead so they can solve his disability-related issue of needing to attend a work seminar and not having an appropriate parking solution for him. 

it's broader society's job to try to "make it work" for everyone in a way that tries to balance everyone's interests and issues. it's employer's job to make it work more than that for their workers. it's your own job to make it work more than that for yourself. 
 There are scratch off, prepay parking cards that allow just that.

They are still being accommodated if they just research a bit. The law was changed to solve the problems that he wants to reintroduce.  

The spots need to churn. 

 I think (and I could be wrong) that they mean getting out of their car, making it to the meter, and then back to their car to put the parking slip, and then to their destination. 

Knowing someone who had a hip replacement, that definitely would not have been doable on some of their earlier days. If I'm in a 2 hour spot but am going to use it for 5 hours, I would go back to the meter, coming from wherever I was, and pay for the additional time. I would need to do this twice. This could be burdensome for some one with a disability. Yeah, but the funny part is that I'm in the lower bracket. 6 years call center, 2 route tech and 3 tech support, but it didn't matter. 

If I can just make ends meet, would be bloody satisfied. Wife can't find work to save her life because of no Exp and come November, 6 months unemployed without income. 

It eats at you.  yeah because your courtesy is on display when you lead with: You don't seem to understand how parking meters work

And if you bothered to read the post to which you responded, you'd note that I don't actually have a problem with the time extension except for the fact that the multiplier differs based on the zone you park in which isn't defensible. 

i recognize it's a big incontinence [sic] for disabled people, which is why i specifically said it was a reasonable practice to account for slower movement.  Poverty in Oregon has increased since 2008 despite 'economic recovery'.  [Here's a meaningless graph if you'd like.](http://www.ocpp.org/media/uploads/images/2013/fs20130919acspoverty/chart1_lg.png)  Why do you believe that an increasing number of people on food stamps in Oregon is welfare fraud?  Poverty is up, prices are up, rent is up (in Multnomah county at least) and wages haven't moved.  16.6% of Oregon (state average anyway) is in poverty as of 2014.  That's over 652,000 people alone that would benefit from SNAP payments. You're right, you clearly know more about my situation than my specialists and I do. cripes. this sub is full of overly sensitive beta males.  The law changed because people were getting free parking and taking up the space that paying customers would use.  It's the same amount of money if he pays.  Why would people abusing the system park at elevated rates on the street if they could park cheaper in a garage? not going to belabor this anymore, but that seems like a really silly justification not to pay for parking. 

are disabled people circling around the block for 20 minutes waiting for that one spot to open directly in front of their destination? 

to say nothing of the fact that we have scratch-off prepaid parking tags if it's really that big of a deal.  ok, except that non-disabled people can't do that.  [deleted] Sounds like you're arguing that Gingrich was right, that Obama is the food stamp president, that poverty has flourished under his presidency and people have become more dependent on the government.

Also, nearly 1-in-5 in Oregon are in poverty? Let me guess, you still voted for yet another term for Kitzhaber? ;) Or are you adamant that none of this is Obama's fault or Kitzhaber's, but its those gosh darned Republicans! Oh I didn't know your specialists were pro making you walk in pain everywhere and wanting to limit you to one block travels sorry. 

*Edit* I should have added that they were also pro that made your life hell working downtown, so much so that you had to make a thread about it on a forum. No, those sound like awesome specialists. What the world really needs are Alphas like you. You are a true inspiration to masculinity. /s You say potato, I say this sub has a few too many douchbag trolls.  I was with you until the lame beta male remark. >Meanwhile, downtown business owners had for years complained that the free disabled-parking policy was devastating them. They said they needed turnover in on-street parking for customers in order to stay afloat. 

Smart Park daily (i.e. above 4 hour) rates are essentially the same as $1.60 x 8.   The free parking for all disability placards has ended, so I'm not sure what your position is. Oh, not going to argue that they shouldn't have to pay, I'm with you that they should. I was just trying to explain what I figured the comment before mine was saying. 

And we have scratch off prepaid parking tags? o_O TIL. You can't re up meters in Portland? Would be news to me. judging by your posting thus far, it wasn't really obvious that it was an auto-correct fail.

feel free to read vitriol and irrationality into what is an objectively neutral statement. maybe your phone was auto-inserting some invective.  Now you're reading things that aren't there.  I never said a single word about politics, just stats.

Edit: Whoops, you're a troll account.  My bad. I have no interest in explaining my treatment plan to you.  God, this subreddit is filled with assholes.

 It's clear this sub needs some at the very least.  don't let the door hit you on the way out. 

that is if you were going to act on your own observation.  sensitive much?  Maybe they could raise the rate a little, but his point was he is ok paying so long as he can park closer to his business.  It still doesn't cost anyone anything extra. no, it hasn't. in 60, 90, 120 minute zones, you only have to pay up to those times but you're allowed to remain in the spot for 3 hours.  Vehicles parking in violation of meter regulations are subject to citation and/or tow. Below are descriptions of common issues related to parking in Portland's meter districts.

Overtime:

Leave the blockface when the time limit of a short-term meter is over. A short-term meter has a time limit of less than 4 hours.  Also see Re-parking below.

Re-parking:

At a short-term meter (less than 4 hours), do not return sooner than 3 hours to the same blockface.

https://www.portlandoregon.gov/transportation/article/59929

 [deleted] lol yeah that guy wasn't me, but he does make an interesting point. All the things his critics rail on him against, the things liberal often defend him against, seem to be the very things you're acknowledging are indeed true (ie food stamps are up, poverty is up, etc). Certainly 6 years later we're not still blaming it on Bush? No, it is more like, option 1, no good, option 2, no good, option 3, no good. Okay there are only so many options for you. You are out of them. Oh wait here is one more option. No?

Okay, then you are fucked. If you have a specialist that if you said, there is no long term parking by my work. The closes parking structure is over 2 blocks away, I can't walk on my on power pain free over 2 blocks. What should I do?

Well whatever you do, don't use any of the inventions we've created to allow you to travel farther. I'd rather you not be able to function in society or be in incredible pain. Haha, yup. He's an asshole, I'm an asshole, you're an asshole. Is getting a light blue wheel chair designated placard or plate an option? >I know you are, but what am I?

I retract my troll comment.  A real troll would have had a better comeback.  The whole alpha/beta thing is just stupid internet/PUA(read autistic males systemizing human interaction) bull shit.  Great, fuck over everyone else with higher street parking rates. 

This is **exactly** what I was referencing when I discussed "pawning it off on everyone". There are much better ways for this guy's unique situation to be handled.  So what's the issue? They should have to pay for that time? 

I I'm assuming, from the implementation, administration, and enforcement viewpoints it would be more cost prohibitive to require full payment for the 3 hours. Parking meters only allow the maximum time purchase. Well then it appears that disabled people get 3 hours in those spots. This would be justified/fair under the assumption it would take a disabled person longer to get around and do their business in meter zones. you still haven't actually addressed the substantive issue that i'm complaining about: 

how does 3 hours in a 1 hour spot, but 3 hours in a 2 hour spot *make sense* 

it would seem to me that you either give 2 hours in a 1 hour spot, or ed:6 hours in a 2 hour spot, and *no one* in here has actually answered.  Yeah sorry I made it sound like that was in response to you! It's easy to put blame on a specific person for why things are the way they are. Bush and Obama certainly share some of the responsibility for the economic situation in this country, but there are so many variables and other politicians/economists/banker types that also come into play. It would be a Herculean task to trace the roots.
I am definitely not sufficiently informed enough to play any blame game. Raise the rate *for people parking there longer*.  Don't read only what you want to see, read the entire message and use the context. there's nothing that prevents you from buying two parking passes back to back. it would be a relatively simple solution from an implementation, administration, and enforcement viewpoint to tell disabled parkers:

"just buy and put up two parking tickets, and our crack team of meter maids will figure out that you paid for 2x the time you parked" 

edit: hell, they probably wouldn't really even have to enforce it beyond making sure the expiration times are decently proximate. the disabled placard will alert them to the special pay situation.  as i mentioned in another post, they a) don't pay for it, and i'm missing the justification for that in its own right and

b) the multiplier "extra time" you get for a 60 minute vs a 120 minute spot is different and thus makes no sense on the justification that it takes disabled people longer to get around.  [deleted] discriminatory. no can do. 
 I think from a legal stand point you can't have "separate but equal" system for collecting parking fares for a protected class. O*u*r minds seem to operate very differently.

Edit: or=our i just explained to you why they shouldn't necessarily get 3 hours in a 1 hour zone if you *also* get 3 hours in a 2 hour zone. 

if the justification for extending the permitted parking time is that you need extra time to move around, then that suggests that the multiplier by which you increase the allowable zone time should be the same. 

look at it in the reverse. the city is telling people who park in a 2 hour zone that they can only ever need an extra hour's worth of mobility time, but they're telling people who park in a 1 hour zone that they can get 2 hours of extra time.

what about 1 hour spaces leads you to that conclusion? it's facially nonsensical. 

 yeah, you can. 

what you can't do is what someone else proposed - charging a higher per hour meter rate for the time beyond the zone expiration time. 

why do you think it's a violation of some constitutional or statutory guarantee that you be afforded extra time to park, yet be required to pay the same rate for that extra time.  can you elaborate?  [deleted] I assumed it was an ADA thing. I'm not sure I can. I don't know where you're coming from. You're either a very elaborate troll or I want to meet you in person just to know someone who thinks like you exists. ok, see, at least you explained it this time around. thank you. 

now let's look at the fact that 30 and 15 minute zones are still 30 and 15 minute zones for disabled people.

my overall point is that 1 hour spots still need to churn - to make them 3 hour spots on the basis of disabled people needing more time doesn't seem to make sense in light of the fact that 2-hour spots aren't afforded a similar increase in space. 

to make them 3-hour spots on the basis of disabled people just need medium-term parking wherever they would like (not in an offensive sense, but in the sense that they can select 60, 90, or 120 minute zones and park for 3 hours) doesn't really fully jive to me, either. and clearly the 15/30 minute zones not being given 3-hour times means that the city is not *that* accommodating to allowing disabled people parking close to where they need to go, in whatever zone is in front of that building. 

so, you think that 1 hour zones don't need to churn enough to justify a reduced "disability time limit", and I do. that's fine, and difference in opinion on this is just peachy. 




 actually the ADA explicitly allows separate but equal where together and equal (?) isn't practical. 

as a tidbit, for example, transit systems can charge double for a paratransit fare as compared to a "normal" public transit fare.  [deleted] But it does not compute in PaulPocket's shitty troll algorithm. 