Things to do in Portland for a lady who can't walk much Mother in law coming into town. Took her to Pittock last time and she loved the old house and the tour. She has trouble walking or standing for long periods of time. Good theatre suggestions? Small old house tours (she loves historic buildings). We are good on restaurant recs. thanks!  Chinese garden is wheelchair friendly and pretty cool. Drive out to Vista House? She probably couldn't go up to the observation deck but the view from the parking lot is still spectacular.

Consider renting a mobility scooter. That could open up a lot of possibilities. What about the train ride in Hood River? We were out in Hood River yesterday and saw the train pull up in Parkdale. That's gotta be a scenic ride! https://www.mthoodrr.com/ Maybe one of those boat tour things. It depends on the type of person, but a good activity can be finding arty or nice films next to someplace you can get a snack like Hollywood or downtown on the parks block. With my older relative last week, I drove a bit around Irvington where there are lots of large architectural houses (I guess Thompson and some of the adjacent streets are officially labeled historic), then stopped for coffee on Alberta, then crossed a bridge and drove through the Rose Garden (where they were filming a medieval scene for 'Librarians') then crossed some more bridges. If you stop at the audubon society, they have an owl and raven to look at, and a gift store.
  And yes - this is a good week for Bonneville fish ladder because the big fall Chinook run peaked a week ago. There is a Frank Lloyd Wright house at the Oregon Gardens in Silverton.  It's about an hour to an hour and a half from Portland. 

 My inlaws were in town a few months ago and they're not as mobile as they used to be either. We also struggled to find activities in Portland that they could do and would enjoy, so we ended up spending a lot of time outside of Portland, which they really enjoyed. We would alternate between spending a day basically doing a driving tour outside of Portland (Mount Hood/Columbia River Gorge loop, the Coast, Mount St. Helens), and doing something in the city (Pittock Mansion/Skyline Drive, Portland City Grill HH, going to restaurants, etc.). I have always been curious about the Hat Museum, and other oddities at Hidden Portland. The Architectural Heritage Center is always doing paid tours - see monthly happenings at portlandarchitecture.com. Pendleton factory and store, Washougal? Rejuvenation store? Schoolhouse lighting - do they do a factory tour? Owners of historic tax advantaged homes have to open once a year to the public - you can look that up.  Yamhill Pub! I always enjoy the Museum of Contemporary Craft

http://www.museumofcontemporarycraft.org/

It's two floors but they have an elevator. If I recall entry isn't too pricey. Acrop Oh nice! I've heard a lot about it but have never been there. She'd like that. Thanks.  Seconding the Chinese Garden, it's lovely and the tour is genuinely interesting. It's amazing how every little thing has a specific reason for being there. If you go to the Vista House, check out Bonneville Dam and the fish ladder viewing windows inside.  The hatchery is also an easy walk and make sure to see the sturgeon.  Multnomah Falls is accessible at the base.  Just go on a weekday if possible because the crowds are getting nuts. I've done this with my mom that also can't walk or stand for long periods of time and she absolutely *loved* the Mt Hood Railroad. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the scenery while winding through some beautiful orchards with a view of Mt Hood in the distance. Total winner activity for moms [The Oregon Garden](http://www.oregongarden.org/) is gorgeous and can be a lot of walking for some people however you can rent a wheelchair for free from the Oregon Garden and they have a free tour bus that takes you on a 25 minute ride around the garden and you can get off or on at any point during the tour if you see a section of garden you'd like to stop and enjoy more. The entire garden is ADA accessible so it's fairly easy to get around in a wheelchair or scooter. It seems like a place that wouldn't work for someone that can't walk or stand much but with the free wheelchairs and bus ride it's actually not bad. The teahouse is a must do and they have some light Chinese food and snacks. 
 And do lunch on the Sternwheeler in Cascade Locks. That's cool! I've never been, and now I'm considering taking MY mom.  Great ideas!  haha I bet your mom would love it too! Plus there's wine tasting rooms and Full Sail Brewing within walking distance of where you catch the train in Hood River. Have a pint and take a ride! 