I hear ya, man.  Growing up a block from the beach we'd constantly have our home's drive way blocked thanks to Jersey Shore types all summer long. It's annoying but if you're dick enough to block a driveway you're dick enough to kick over their sign (or ignore it). Just do like us angry NJ types and tow their cars. I passed by this all the time on Fremont, across from Alameda Brewing. Just call to have the car towed and you don't need to make your front yard look idiotic with these signs. Pfft it's more than a jerk move, it's illegal Speaking of driveways and jerks, it's a pet peeve of mine when driveways lower the sidewalk when they're built. Normally, it's not a problem for a lot of people, but someone in a wheelchair or on a skateboard can have a hell of a time on some of those. 

&nbsp;

Also, another pet peeve: when people act like they own the street and that the part of the street in front of their residence is reserved for only their vehicles.  Floor jack? Change the sign to "Tow Count" with tallymarks. […] Keying their door panels is effective too. [deleted] Also, when there's two car-widths of parking space between two driveways, and some considerate person parks directly in the middle. It's hard to leave a note... what do you say? "Please don't park at the midpoint between these two driveways?" Would you rather have the sidewalk just end so the driveway can exist? or would you prefer that people had to hop up a curb unexpectedly to get onto their property? >  someone in a wheelchair or on a skateboard 

yes, people in wheelchairs are every bit as disabled as someone on a skateboard. the Americans with Skateboard Disabilities Act says so That seems like too much work, just lower the tire pressure enough that there's no way they'll drive away before the wrecker arrives (which you call the *moment* you see them park across your driveway). Just a big tow truck shaped sign and then add a new car behind it being towed for a cute arty display that doesn't shit up your lawn. Best use of Car2Go ever.  "reserving spots with garbage cans"  Actually Portland code requires garbage cans be removed from the street within 24 hours of trash pick up. The more you know...  Are you allowed to do that with Car2Go?  I mean, I fucking love that you did it, don't get me wrong.  Just honestly wondering if they have some rule/policy to keep people from doing just that.  I'm imagining taxi companies or zipcar trying to hurt their business this way I don't understand, why can't you just move the garbage cans? I do this all the time especially in the alphabet district. It's not illegal, it's not even unethical. I even put the cans back when I leave just in case someone didn't mean anything by it and just wanted their cans there to be picked up. Never understood why people don't pull up to the farthest point possible. Some people are just so cluelessly inconsiderate. Neither. I would prefer that people only cut through the planting strip, rather than the sidewalk. And of course, it would be great if people used permeable materials. I see a lot of bad curb cuts out and about.  skateboarding is not a crime [deleted] I'm pretty sure Car2Go doesn't have a rule saying "thou shalt not rent our cars for the expressed purpose of trolling your neighbors".

You're paying to rent the cars to drive it to where-ever, so I don't think they're really hurting that much in the long run. If you have a pattern of doing that and it generates enough complaints from people who can't find any cars because they're all concentrated on one block, they might just cancel your membership for being disruptive. If the slope on the sidewalk is excessive (>2%?), you can report it with the PDX Reporter app.

Requirements:
https://www.portlandoregon.gov/transportation/article/463438 wheel or die! Oh, I did not mean to imply that any employee of my fine "city that works" (lol) would be anything but feckless. What I do is drag the cans back up onto the neighbor's driveway. Then I am super polite if asked about it. "Oh yeah, I did that for you mate. You are most welcome. I know that the city only allows garbage cans on the street for 24 hours after pick up, and I wouldn't want you to get in any trouble. That is just what good neighbors do--get each other's back, help out when we can, that sort of thing. I know you would do the same for me because you care as much as I do about keeping the 'hood safe and attractive. " 

/r/pettyrevenge?  I'm still searching for Animal Chin 