Custom Home Builders? Can anyone recommend a custom home builder in Richmond?   My family will be moving there and we wanted to find some good options.   

We would be looking in the Glen Allen / Short Pump area.  We know it will probably cost $600-$700K.   

The big things we are looking for is someone easy to work with and willing to modify the design.   We would want a large kitchen and to make a wheelchair accessible bathroom.  

Thank you!   We really look forward to the move.   Do you already have land or are you looking for existing communities where a builder has lots? There are tons of different options. Just pm me and I can send you options. Also for any lurkers considering new construction you should really think about taking an agent with you when you look at new construction. Builders are infamous for having certain clauses in their contracts that can really screw a buyer. There are some really great site agents for new construction but unfortunately some of them can be really shady. You need someone that is on your side. sounds like semi-custom to me - frankly I'd assume most of the tract builders out there would accommodate you.

Otherwise Mark Franko and Bel Arbor do good work from what I've seen.  Spec Plywood, no OSB on wall.  OSB has no place in a house.  It is satan's building material /u/Charlesinrichmond or /u/louiekablooie might have some suggestions. Bain-Waring is a good one. They also get all of their homes green certified (EarthCraft, which is specific to the southeast), which has the benefit of a third party doing inspections on the house. And lower utility bills, which is always nice.  Virginia Jack Builders.  Run by 2 top notch dudes.  http://www.vajack.com/ Welcome and Rock Chalk. Check out Bradford Custom Homes. They built our house 2 years ago and we had a great experience. http://www.bradfordcustomhomes.com/
 Great.  We would want to move into a community.  I'll PM you.  

Thank you.   I'm hoping for semi-custom.  We've done this before but many won't move walls.  In order to get enough room near a shower for a wheelchair to transfer we will probably need to adjust some.  

Thank you! Thank you! A lot of our builders use this guy. http://www.blueridgecustomhomesofva.com Especially with the heat of Richmond.  I know, it isn't bad but for a Northerner I'm sure I'll keep the AC on. Second Bain-Waring. They built our current house, the electric bills are great.  Thank you.  Are you a Kansas fan as well or just recognized the name. :) [VMax custom homes](http://vmaxhomes.com).  They are great! If you do have a piece of land already in mind then I'd recommend Shurm Homes for what you just described! I'm amazed they won't move walls in the planning process (once built of course, its a pain).  I'm sure you'll find someplace.  Some subdivisions are more custom-y than others of course, but I can't remember which off the top of my head.

I imagine a good realtor who does a lot of this would know this instantly of course I'm also a northerner. AC is key. I tried to survive my first summer here with just a ceiling fan. That lasted 2 weeks.  I'm glad I'm not alone.   