Wheelchair accessible, queer friendly housing? My best friend is paralyzed and desperately in need of housing. She's currently living in her parent's foreclosed home, and needs to be out by the end of the month. She's kind and funny and incredibly capable, but is going through terrible depression because of housing anxiety. She's been looking for accessible housing for years with nothing to show for it, and I've been looking with her for the last few months. She's recently found a potential new apartment for more than she can afford, with people who don't like her service dog or want to give her reasonable accommodations. The front, bathroom, and bedroom doors will all need to be widened at the new place, and the labor was supposed to be done already. They keep giving excuses for why it hasn't happened yet, but they don't seem to want her there. 

She's been on lists for government housing for the disabled for years, but they're inundated and they don't have anything for her.

She has a steady income from SSI, and is part time with the state. She has a service dog and a cat, she's an amazing friend and a great roommate, she's in the LGBTQ community and plays WOW. She loves horrible puns. I'm worried she will be homeless within the month. 

Reddit, advice? Please have your friend try to contact The Sacramento LGBT Center (formerly known as The Sacramento Gay and Lesbian Center, formerly *formerly* The Lambda Center).

They don't do housing, but when I was there they had great referrals.  They can probably find someone to contact.

Also check The Gender Health Center.  They will not discriminate against your friend if she is cis, they care for *everyone.*

Hope everything works out.  These are the contacts I know of.  I'm so sorry that your friend is going through this, everyone has the right to fair, equitable, and safe housing. 

What area does she want to live in? What is her budget? She can sue the potential apartment complex for not completing the modifications in a timely manner... however she as the tenant is responsible for paying for the modifications. If she is trying to stay in a complex that receives government money (i.e. has some section 8/tax credit housing units) she can request the complex pay for it. Honestly, trying to find market rate housing on a property that accepts government funds might be her best bet. The government is so strict the management on those properties tend to be a lot more knowledgeable on ADA laws. 

You can help her find a pro bono lawyer [here](http://www.sacbar.org/pro-bono.html). Sometimes the people who manage apartments are just ignorant to the ADA laws and since time of of the essence in this situation you guys might have to start using a stick instead of a carrot. 

She can also file a complaint with fair housing [here](http://www.dfeh.ca.gov/Housing/). They will send out "testers" to see if they face the same kind of discrimination, if they find the complex in violation they fine them heavily. 

 What's her budget? Thanks for the information! She found the people she's trying to work with now through Gender Health Center, but the housing market is really tough right now. I'll go in to the LGBT center tomorrow and see if they have any other potential resources. She'll be paying 650 at the new place, so anything under that. But comfortably around 500. I'm really glad I could help! 