Crazy Super Dell: Vegas Edition  > “Everybody looks at you as a cool person when you have a Segway."

My god he’s even more insane than I thought. Fuck him what an insignificant attention whore Why would anyone go to the Trump hotel for their anniversary? ick SupderDell  is indeed the gift that will not stop giving.

Nemo the Third! "I'm disabled..." coming from a guy that used to fly para-gliders and ultra-lites around draper, and one time landed on I-15 and pulled a gun on about 30 people. Holy crap I forgot he ran for office here lol I can't believe I'm defending Super Dell but if the ADA lists Segways as an approved device and he and his wife have legitimate disabilities that justify their use then they probably have the right to use them indoors. The ADA don't fuck around, they might actually see money if this goes to court.  The comments section was priceless to read.  I love it when people come to visit SLC and you can tell Dell Stories.  Remember when Dell kicked an Owl?   Does anyone else remember the super late night infomercials that were just him talking to the camera?  They would air on the local networks.   At least he’s not flying his motorized paraglider over the freeway anymore.  ELI5: Who is super dell I’m sorry but if the hotel feels it’s a liability then I’m not seeing an issue.  They gave an alternative but that wasn’t good enough for these people.  With how sue happy people are these days if these people were to run over someone’s foot or accidentally knock someone into a pool.  Do you think the other person is going to sue the disabled folks or the hotel that has plenty of money and insurance to pay a large sum and allowed the folks to ride around in the segways.  why is this on this sub? wouldn't it be more appropriate in say a vegas sub? Literally the kind of quote I would expect from someone who stays at the Trump hotel.  Well he is a gun-toting, homophobic, white supremacist....so not very surprising.  ‘Member when he kicked a goose maliciously while flying his paraglider? Kook.  What a crazy badass "Covered entities must also allow people with disabilities who use other types of power-driven mobility devices into their facilities, unless a particular type of device cannot be accommodated because of legitimate safety requirements. Where legitimate safety requirements bar accommodation for a particular type of device, the covered entity must provide the service it offers in alternate ways if possible."

https://www.ada.gov/opdmd.htm I don't think anything happened because I can't find any updates and this story is from July. I came here to say the same thing. A Segway is not an unreasonable accommodation.

But, you know, it's Super Dell and we super hate him, so suddenly this community is against accommodations for disabled people. I know--that guy could not drop the issue, coming in and replying to every single negative opinion. I used to work at Discount Tire on State and 9000S. One day, Mr. Schanze drove his lifted truck over the island between the lanes, over the sidewalk, over the lawn/hill in front of Discount, parked the truck nowhere near a parking space, threw his keys (OVERHAND) at a tech, and screamed "Rotation!". Then he just walked away down the sidewalk. Weird day.  Founded Totally Awesome Computers at a time before Newegg and before streaming content was good enough to let a bunch of people cord-cut.  PC enthusiasts flocked to the store and many of us were still watching TV enough to be bombarded by his huge marketing campaign, making Super Dell a household name.

His notoriety is increased by sexual misconduct allegations, kicking an owl on purpose while paragliding, running for various local government positions, and generally being weird as fuck. "Super Dell" Founded Totally Awesome Computers (former local company that built and serviced custom computers that were  in  a similar price point  to Dell, Acer, Gateway, etc). His commercials we're over the top obnoxious. Most people thought his quirkiness was harmless and even lovable (in a sympathetic he-reminds-me-of-my-silly-lovable-cousin sense).  his business  thrived and he made millions. . . .Turns out that he wasn't just a whacky personality -  he was a gun toting psycho that would behave erratically and who pulled guns on people. As a bonus he had crazy political views and he became very outspoken about them. He ran for governor of Utah and (thankfully) got wrecked in the primaries. He continued to end up  in the news because his behavior kept  getting crazier. Things came to an Apex  when he filmed himself chasing  an owl in his paraglider and kicking it.   When the owl kicking video went viral he finally realized he was a social outcast and he largely dropped from the public eye.  

Good riddance to bad rubbish.

 As others have said he ran for governor a few times. [This](https://i.imgur.com/PkRXESi.jpg) is one of the blurbs he wrote to try to convince people to vote for him. because if you read the other comments, he’s started a business here in utah that shut down, ran for offices here in utah, and paraglided and purposely kicked an owl

he’s an outlandish person who went to vegas and pulled some crazy shit just like here in utah.  He's a minor Utah celebrity.  He's more infamous for his bullshit antics than famous.  He used to have a bunch of TV commercials where he acted crazy.  Turns out he's just crazy. He's probably more well known here than anywhere else tbh Thought it was an owl? Did you not read what the other guy posted? They made wheel chairs available and that is all they have to do.

Dell is a total attention seeking jackass whos recklessness has resulted in the death of one of his customers in a para-motoring accident. He posted a video of himself kicking an owl mid flight, then deleted it and lied about it. He was convicted for pulling a gun on his neighbors. 

He is a super piece of shit and that is all their is to it. No one should be dumb enough to think a Segway is a device meant for people with disabilities. It's called a fucking wheel chair. If his back was truly such an issue, he wouldn't be able to launch his para-motor gear that weighs around 80lbs all the time. Anyone remember his late night infomercial manifestos? They were local broadcast TV spots with him ranting crazy religious shit. Wish I could find a copy.  Don't forget he also pulled a gun on a guy, *and* ran for governor, twice, under two different party tickets (Libertarian and something else).

I will never do business with him or Shane Co on account of their unforgivably bad commercials, though SuperDell took bug-nuts crazy to new heights. Also buzzing his ultra light feet above cars on I-15 He's basically a living meme for Utah at this point I think it happened twice. Might be right on that. Either way, dude is a bell end.  The [ADA completely disagrees with you] (https://www.ada.gov/opdmd.htm) about the Segway. But wait, there's more:

> They made wheel chairs available and that is all they have to do.

Again, the ADA completely disagrees with you:

> People with disabilities have the right to choose whatever mobility device best suits their needs. For example, someone may choose to use a manual wheelchair rather than a power wheelchair because it enables her to maintain her upper body strength. Similarly, someone who is able to stand may choose to use a Segway® rather than a manual wheelchair because of the health benefits gained by standing. A facility may be required to allow a type of device that is generally prohibited when being used by someone without a disability when it is being used by a person who needs it because of a mobility disability. For example, if golf cars are generally prohibited in a park, the park may be required to allow a golf car when it is being used because of a person's mobility disability, unless there is a legitimate safety reason that it cannot be accommodated.

You literally could not be less informed. It's almost as if you've done absolutely no research on the subject and are merely being reactive and vitriolic. Speaking of that:

> Dell is a total attention seeking jackass...

Much like the last time we commented back and forth, you seem to be far more interested in reactive and incendiary commentary, and much less interested in looking for facts and actually thinking something through. So, that's great, you hate Super Dell. That really isn't a unique position. What's bizarre to me is that you think I care, and that you think it is relevant to a comment about ADA accommodations.

You can't possibly believe that because Schanze kicked an owl that the ADA should suddenly change policy that they've fought over for decades, right? Oh, I remember them. "How to be a good Mormon, from someone who isn't remotely a good human." >(Libertarian and something else)

Libertarian, Republican, and Independent American Party

[In statewide voter guide, ‘SuperDell’ Schanze says vote for him or face God’s wrath](http://fox13now.com/2016/10/07/in-statewide-voter-guide-superdell-schanze-says-vote-for-him-or-face-gods-wrath/)

In addition to what everyone else listed he has been called "rabidly homophobic" by former employees. One example [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20060423185314/www.slweekly.com/media/closetspot.mp3). Regardless of what the ADA thinks, most people understand that expecting to be able to use a Segway is a pretty dumb assumption. You have to be a pretty big chicken shit to claim you are disabled and yet can still use a Segway in the first place. If he really had a back problem, which he clearly demonstrates with each PPG launch that he does not, then messing around on a Segway would be pretty dangerous.

He is an attention seeking jackass. I have a hard time taking the ADA seriously if they expect a disabled person to be able to take a golf cart into a park when there are much less invasive methods to transport someone. He also [kicked an owl](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgW5AXHovpo) Independent American was the one I was missing. They've run some other crazy/zany folks over the years, too.

He might have tossed his hat into the ring in the Republican primary, but he never got nominated. Thank goodness. Okay, so, even though you can't be bothered to actually do any research on disability accommodations, you feel like you have the authority to decide who does and does not merit disability accommodations based on whether you like the person. You've also decided that ADA regulations are not as important as your own take on the situation, which is entirely dictated by the media's coverage. Not only that, but you've decided that you can diagnose disability (based, again, on media coverage) as if you were an expert on the subject. That takes a shocking amount of confidence to be as misinformed as you are while remaining this arrogant.

...and you don't take ADA seriously? Oh no, whatever will they do. I bet that they are packing their bags right as we speak. /s

You don't have a clue, but frankly I'm okay with that because I would bet my house that you'll never be in a position where you'd have to make a decision that actually requires some thought towards accommodating someone with a disability. But, just so that there's no mincing of words, people like you are the reason why the ADA has to exist in the first place.

BTW, I also dislike Super Dell. Here it is from 2010.

>Gary R. Herbert (R) 	70.8%  
>Daniel Van Oaks, Jr. (R) 	24.63%  
>Richard Martin (R) 	4.18%  
>D.G. "Superdell" Schanze (R) 	0.39%
 