The girl with the Billy Bob's Beds post wants one more word. Please take the time to read. I posted the story of Billy Bob confronting my father about his service dog in the store. Most of you took the story how it was meant to be perceived. Most of you understand the wrong doing in that situation. 

But to be honest, I was absolutely shocked to realize how many of you just have not learned what it means to have, no, NEED a service dog. It's not your fault you haven't had the reason to know a service dog personally and that's a lucky thing. 

Part of me thinks this is none of your fucking business, but part of me thinks about some of you running into my dad and his dog at the local San Antonio HEB, post office, whatever, and it makes me sad for him. I would like to know that, as his daughter, I tried to help at least some of you understand his situation and others like him. I would really appreciate it if you would read what I have written for you, and I welcome any further questions.

My father broke his neck in 2006. His spinal cord is permanently damaged at his C5 vertebrae making him what they call a "super quad". The link below will give you an idea of what his body is capable of. It's not much. He is put in a motorized wheelchair every morning but since he cannot keep himself sitting up, he has seat belts across his chest. This makes it impossible for him to bend over to pick anything up off the floor. His chair is pretty tall anyways, so even if he had any control over his core, he still probably wouldn't be able to reach it.

His hands remain open and flat. Try to carry out your everyday activities with flat hands and not drop one thing. It is not possible and it sucks.

All of that being said, he can thankfully still power his wheelchair by himself and drive a very expensive, very modified minivan. If he were to drop his keys inside his minivan, with his ramp still up (which has happened probably more times than he's admitted to, he would have to wait for someone to walk close enough to his van and hope to get their attention. We all know it gets pretty fucking hot in parking lots around this time of the year....and all the other times too I guess.

Quadriplegics cannot regulate their own body temperature and if they get too hot or too cold, they can go into Autonomic Dysreflexia, a life threatening condition that requires immediate care. I've included a link for this as well.

This dog is necessary. We are not abusing the system, nor do we condone those that do. We are completely covered by the ADA, but due to pure ignorance, we get harassed everyday. I do not blame you for being ignorant on an issue you have not been a part of personally. But please, learn something from this.

Not all service dogs are large breeds. If my dad's dog was a large breed, he would not be able to jump up in his lab to set things in his hands.

Not all small dogs are "comfort dogs". This schnauzer went to school for almost a year and works his fucking ass off.

That dog IS the reason my dad doesn't need a nurses aid with him at all times. He is the reason my dad has what little independence is left in his life.


http://www.apparelyzed.com/support/functionality/c5.html

http://www.apparelyzed.com/autonomic.html#autonomic-dysreflexia-causes I just read the original post, and I'm sorry this happened to your dad and your family. 

I wasn't even considering that y'all were "abusing the system" and I feel appalled that someone would call you out like that.

I also didn't know there were small breed service dogs. I think of service dog I think German Shepard (and look a likes) and Golden Retrievers.  I think that's awesome! I saw a video of a yorkie doing all kinds of tricks (fetching a beer from fridge) and I think that's a great idea. Thanks for enlightening me (us)! I think it's interesting that the website for Billy Bob's Beds says "service dogs welcome". I'm by no means trying to call you a liar...I'm just more curious to know how long the website has said that. Trying to cover up for some potentially harmful publicity? I am friends with two ladies in town who are a part of the Miss Wheelchair Texas advocacy program based in Houston. One of them won Miss Texas and then went on to become Miss Wheelchair America for this year. I should bring this up with them next time we get together. And if I ever see someone who I think may be your dad in town, I'll be sure to say hi.

This post was appropriate. Embrace, Educate, Empower. People need to become more aware that not every single person in the world is completely able-bodied and need resources and services to be able to maintain their independence. 

http://www.3elove.com/pages/what-is-3e-love Fuck everyone and anyone who thinks it is okay to discriminate against anyone with a service dog.

 This is all very sad to read, but I'm glad your father has the service dog to help him out. Dogs are fucking awesome. Also, if I see your father around town, and he has dropped his keys or needs some other help, I will gladly assist in any way I can. You and your family have a good weekend. People are ignorant of stuff like this all the time and it annoys the hell out of me. We know a family where the father is blind and their service dog is actually capable of predicting when their daughter is about to have a seizure (not sure how or why).

Also my mom has MS, and people give her shit sometimes for parking in the handicapped spaces when she looks like she can walk fine. She absolutely hates people who use the handicap placards of others. It's because of those people that she gets accosted.

Not knowing about something is fine if you make an effort to learn. Being ignorant and acting on that ignorance is NOT okay. Didnt even need to read the thread. Its terrible people cant recognize service dogs. They dont just hand those things out to anyone. Also, its pretty easy to tell who needs a service dog so if they have a dog with them it should be a clue.  I feel for you, but at the same time think you should have known better when you took your problems to the internet. People turn into dicks when there are no consequences to their actions.

 Wow, you really need attention.  

My biggest problem with all this is THAT IT HAPPENED OVER A YEAR AGO. I think people deserve a chance to redeem themselves, yet here you are, shitting all over this guy's business over an incident that occurred OVER A YEAR AGO.   

Give it a rest.

 It's amazing what service dogs can do. They serve people like OP's dad, but they also serve some people that have less visible disabilities, like diabetes or epilepsy. These dogs might be walking around with a person that otherwise seems perfectly healthy, but will alert their owner to things like low blood sugar or an imminent seizure.

I'm a huge fan of dogs regardless, so I already know that I'm biased, but dogs are pretty cool. Thank you for letting me know. I didn't really know that post was going to turn me into a spokesperson, but then again I guess I didn't think of the people that are unaware of these things. I'm very glad to help y'all help us.  You wouldn't advertise that on your website unless there was a motive. That is wayyyy too specific and targets very few people. It would be like saying "We are Asthma Inhaler friendly!". You immediately think, well why the fuck wouldn't you be and why do you have the need to tell me this? Her situation did happen a year ago, so maybe he did resolve the issue eventually. Maybe without her knowledge. Who knows when the site was updated?  My dad is heavily involved in the VA and Paralyzed Veterans of America. My dad might have met your friends at one point. 

Thanks for the support. I'll check the website out, too. I haven't even heard about that group, good for our wheelchair buds. fuck my dick just got a little hard My initial post was never about me taking my problems to the internet. I wasn't asking for advice or trying to get help from anybody. I wanted people to know about this place and hopefully decide not to spend money there. It was about Billy Bob's Beds, not disabled people that require service animals. That is just what is has become. I should have been more prepared to explain my father's situation. I see that now. I didn't even consider the possibility of someone actually being glad this happened to us, though. The internet is full of twats. I feel that you share the same inability to let go. Jackass. Deep breath in, deep breath out.

Maybe you should give your whiny comments a rest instead? I love dogs. I wish mine did more than fetch (occasionally) and tug of war.

I've heard of dogs that will put the person in a "recover" position, or something, after a stroke and even fetch a phone and alert other people, but again, I think of only big dogs. It is amazing what animals can do. Just don't go into a mall bathroom to take care of it. It is. I'd apologize, but I don't speak for the internet at large.

Your anger, while righteous, is probably misdirected. You may as well get mad at the weather. handicap stahl FTW [Like this guy](http://i.imgur.com/e1WtI2X.jpg)! Today has been an emotional roller coaster for me, for I am but a feeble female. Raging on fucktard redditors all day and then writing that whole thing about my dad, one of my best friends in the world, just pushed me over the edge. Thank you for the comic relief.  Nothing feeble about dealing with idiots head-on. Kudos to you for sticking to your guns. >Raging on fucktard redditors all day 

I feel the same way...I'm pretty sure the average redditor's age has drifted downward a few years and everyone over 25 is like the old folks of the neighborhood. You damn kids, get off my lawn!

For the most part the internet are opinionated twats. There's something about knowing you'll never have to prove up or look humans in the eye and say retarded shit. Props to you, and to your dad. Thanks to you, TIL they train smaller breeds as service animals, which is pretty cool! 