My fellow San Antonioians! Billy Bob from Billy Bob's Beds is an arrogant son of a bitch and you shouldn't give him your money. My father is in a wheelchair and has a certified service dog. We were yelled at and turned away from the store for my father bringing the dog into the building. Needless to say, we happily left without spending hundreds of dollars there. I went to Optirest Mattress on De Zavala and got a $400 king size and fantastic customer service.  I say take it to the news channels. Might make for a good story, and teach him a lesson. I wouldn't buy shit there just because of the stupid radio commercials. http://www.kens5.com/news/Wounded-Warrior-Sues-Local-SA-Business-175535981.html
isn't the first time this has happened.  Billy bob IS a jackass! He purchased some flooring at the store I used to work at and sexually harasssed me every time he visited the store :/ I went in to look at an advertised 5 piece bedroom set.   Turns out the 5 pieces they're talking about is the bed and a night stand.  The bed is 4 pieces and the nightstand is 1.

*(Edited out a portion that I cannot recall from memory well enough.)* It's ok. Everyone I know that's from San Antonio says that the mattresses from Billy Bob's are covered in murder stains anyway. You're probably better off :D I just checked out his website for the hell of it, it's just as obnoxious as  his radio spots. I wonder if he's related to JJ the KING of BEEPERS!!!  If I recall correctly, this isn't the first time that this has happened. You should Yelp this. He's also had a bunch of sexual harassment suits brought against him. He is a jackass and will never shop there. And he has kicked people out with service dogs as well. And when the news shows up, he claims ignorance.  Only went once but thought it was a ripoff and scam too. Maybe this is a bad idea, but I think you should get a group of veterans with service dogs to show up and sit inside Billy Bob's and see what he does about that :P I attempted to buy there once. Everyone I talked to was a rude prick and wouldn't let up on the quality of the mattresses being up to par. They have brand new memory foam mattresses at Sam's club, Queen size start at $389. Good luck! [deleted] ...said the owner of Optirest Mattress on De Zavala. You posted this unverifiable bullshit about a year ago, and it sounds like you're doing it again for publicity. I don't think it ever happened, to be honest. The guy is a staunch conservative who already got in trouble for doing this once, I don't think it is likely he would do it again. [deleted] If OP contacts me I wouldn't mind doing a story and packaging it for a station. Beyond that I suggest contacting Eyewitness News's Barry Davis: http://www.kens5.com/community/contests/95111334.html  OOOOOOOOOOOHHH BIllllly Booob *changes radio station immediately
Edit: that looks like boob... *Bob He seemed pretty sleazy. I yelled at him a called him a ignorant cocksucker. Felt good. You're hot, but that doesn't make it right!  HA! What a douche. Is there really anything that anyone could do? I could ask my dad if he'd be willing to re-do our little event, only this time with a camera? the classic bait and switch I think I remember the same thing happening a while back as well. Read it on here actually. Search the EN archives, I remember last fall there was an incident with a PTSD Vet who had a service dog at Billy Bob's My dad is a different guy. We never went to the press of anything. I wish now that we had.
 And I would have gotten away with it if it weren't for you meddling kids! 

Seriously though....why would anyone make up such a story when there seems to be plenty of past examples why no one should buy from him?  

Here's the deadly dog (in his work vest) that almost killed anyone that would have ever bought a mattress there.  
Fucking retards.
ಠ_ಠ
http://i.imgur.com/Mp9oWpU.jpg Well that's a wildly appropriate username!  You're an idiot. This was over a year ago, but I'd still be willing to talk about it. Especially if it means losing any  business for him. There is something special about calling someone a cocksucker. Feels right. Umm... Do I know you? Holy shit. I can't believe this type of thing is acceptable there. You absolutely should've gone to the media with this. Either way I wish you and your dad well. Shouldn't have happened. why keep bringing it up? what is the motivation?  [deleted] He's a troll. Account is not even 1 day old. [deleted] Not sure if Barry Davis would do it, but I would still try, though he usually tries to work to solve the issue and it sounds like too much time has passed for him to be able to do anything and that you found a place that was able to meet your needs. Otherwise, not sure if it would be picked up unless other people came forward with a more recent experience similar to yours. Nope, was just messing. Well, I guess I posted it because I don't think a backwoods piece of trash like Billy Bob deserves a penny for the way he treats innocent people and future customers should know about it....

But my motives have now changed, thanks to the ignorance that has swept across this post. My hope now is that people uneducated in things such as the necessity and PROTECTION disabled vets have with their service dogs will actually try to read up on it and maybe learn something. I encourage you to read the ADA link I've already provide to the other ape in this conversation. 

I had no idea people like you existed. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kt6rRNANSgI He is a service animal. He picks up anything my dad drops on the ground, jumps back up into his lap, and places it in his hand. My dad cannot bend his fingers, so he drops a lot of stuff. He is paralyzed from the chest down, so he can not lean over to pick it back up.

Can you just accept you know less than this about someone fucking living with it? Doesn't really make him less of an idiot in this case, but it's good to know. I'm fiercely protective of my pops. [deleted] No, you're an idiot because you have no fucking idea what you're talking about. The mattresses you lay down on in the showroom of a mattress store are not the mattresses that go home. Those are wrapped in plastic and in storage. Furthermore, my dad's service dog is a toy schnauzer (doesn't shed) and was in his lap. He wasn't fucking rolling around on the mattresses laying on them with me. 

That makes you an idiot.  It's been some time since it happened, but if it were to happen again and caught on camera?  I am a vet. I don't doubt this guy is a douchebag, but I'm pretty sure it was a simple case of mistaken identity, and the guy just didn't want dogs in his store...you called him a cocksucker for it. I hate dogs. I don't let them in my place of business either...guess I'm a cocksucker too.   Butt hurt in this case means educated. [deleted] I would caution to not "create" a scene, but if this situation were to play out unprovoked and with no ill-intention, then I would send it to the news stations directly and let them decide. 

On the flip side, if it *didn't* happen, then inform the place about your previous experience and make sure you let them know how glad you are that they have matured.  I thought by "vet" you meant " veterinarian". It made the rest of your post very confusing. You absolutely are if you are only discriminating against that person because they have a service dog. As a business owner, you should really understand the grief you cause disabled people (fellow vets?) and their families, all because YOU hate dogs. Who gives a fuck about your preferences when they're compared to whether or not my dad drops his keys on the floor and can't go anywhere because someone like you went against ADA regulations? 

Fuck you.

Under the ADA, State and local governments, businesses, and nonprofit organizations that serve the public generally must allow service animals to accompany people with disabilities in all areas of the facility where the public is normally allowed to go. For example, in a hospital it would be inappropriate to exclude a service animal from areas such as patient rooms, clinics, cafeterias, or examination rooms. However, it may be appropriate to exclude a service animal from operating rooms or burn units where the animal’s presence may compromise a sterile environment.

Inquiries, Exclusions, Charges, and Other Specific Rules Related to Service Animals:

1.When it is not obvious what service an animal provides, only limited inquiries are allowed. Staff may ask two questions: (1) is the dog a service animal required because of a disability, and (2) what work or task has the dog been trained to perform. Staff cannot ask about the person’s disability, require medical documentation, require a special identification card or training documentation for the dog, or ask that the dog demonstrate its ability to perform the work or task.

2. Allergies and fear of dogs are not valid reasons for denying access or refusing service to people using service animals. When a person who is allergic to dog dander and a person who uses a service animal must spend time in the same room or facility, for example, in a school classroom or at a homeless shelter, they both should be accommodated by assigning them, if possible, to different locations within the room or different rooms in the facility.

3. A person with a disability cannot be asked to remove his service animal from the premises unless: (1) the dog is out of control and the handler does not take effective action to control it or (2) the dog is not housebroken. When there is a legitimate reason to ask that a service animal be removed, staff must offer the person with the disability the opportunity to obtain goods or services without the animal’s presence.
4. Establishments that sell or prepare food must allow service animals in public areas even if state or local health codes prohibit animals on the premises.

5. People with disabilities who use service animals cannot be isolated from other patrons, treated less favorably than other patrons, or charged fees that are not charged to other patrons without animals. In addition, if a business requires a deposit or fee to be paid by patrons with pets, it must waive the charge for service animals.

6. If a business such as a hotel normally charges guests for damage that they cause, a customer with a disability may also be charged for damage caused by himself or his service animal.

7. Staff are not required to provide care or food for a service animal.
 [deleted] Once again, you have no idea what you're talking about. Yes it is his business, but that does not give him the right to discriminate against anyone for having a service dog with them. Please read this and the. consider how it might feel to already be a disabled person and then on top of that having your rights shit on.  

Or just go break your own fucking neck and try it out first hand. 

http://www.ada.gov/qasrvc.htm no dogs allowed, sorry.  whaaaat? we double down on stupid around these parts. so that's why you get all the downvotes. 