As a fellow rider, if you park like this, you're a lazy piece of shit.  But don't block the sidewalk either.. The location of Top Golf (surrounded by major highways) doesn’t seem to be bicycle friendly. Maybe I’m wrong, but I don’t imagine many bicycles ever get parked here.  This is booberry supreme. 
I am sure that if circumstances called for it the general public would tolerate it lets say for a 100% full parking lot which based on this photo may not be the case. 

It doesnt matter if it is a harley, crotch rocket, smart car or F250 there are parking spaces and those are for parking automobiles. Bike racks for bicycles last time I checked.  Really?  As a car driver I think it is awesome that they didn't take an unnecessary space. It is so funny to me how many people think a motorcycle shouldn't "take up a whole parking spot". But if I took my car instead where would I park? Walkways are for walking, bike racks for bicycles and parking spots for motorized vehicles. Or am I just on a motorized bicycle to them? Then why dont they let me ride on the sidewalks and jogging trails!

So removing the motorcycles from parking spots frees enough space for you to get to your groceries quicker but filtering through traffic to remove an entire car length of space on the freeway wasted by a motorcycle wouldnt do anything to speed up traffic and get you home faster?  This looks like top golf. Is this taken from Top Golf? Also, are those supposed to be motorcycle spots or bike spots? Either way, that looks pretty lazy. He used the bike rack man. The bike rack is obviously for bikes. I would park on the sidewalks in front of businesses. Rather park on a sidewalk out of the way then to walk out to a parking space seeing my bike knocked on the ground by some cager. You don't like bikes to park on the sidewalk? The other option is,
 A.) a bike taking up an entire spot, which pisses people off
B.) A Car not seeing your bike in the spot and the bike getting ran over, which pisses people off
or C.) Some other biker coming in and parking right beside the bike too close, which pisses people off. Hay man das hot It looks like there’s 3 feet between the curb and the bike. I think it’s fine. Someone in a wheelchair can make it. 

This is more acceptable than people that have basketball hoop stands on the sidewalk so they can use the street to play instead of putting it in their driveway and force people that are in wheelchairs to move onto the street to get around them and for people that are driving to come to a complete stop so the players can get off the road. now that'd be awesome if the same thought process was applied to lane splitting.  As long as they’re the only one doing it it seems fine. Too many and it’d be blocking the sidewalk and a possible ADA violation. Your logic is showing. People don't like that. This is in fact Top Golf and those are the bicycle racks. A: Motorcycles are supposed to park in parking spots because that's what they're for.

B: I've been riding for nearly two decades and never had a bike ran over. Not that it doesn't happen.

C: This is better than parking halfway on the sidewalk in the bike racks. Eh, the only reason I'll argue is because I rarely see wheelchairs rolling down neighborhood streets with basketball hoops. Lol. But this looks like a public building.  But otherwise,  I understand your point.  Lol.  Legalize Lane Sharing!  But I think that space is necessary, its a safety buffer between cars, put your motorcycle there, then a 4-foot buffer between cars becomes a  9 inch buffer between car and motorcycle. Ah.  that makes sense and I didn't think about that. OP said it was at Top Golf. 

Edit: the only reason to be upset about this would be if you couldn’t access the sidewalk and are using a wheelchair. Someone would be limiting your movement. It doesn’t look like that’s the case here.  not if vehicles are at a standstill, or nearly so. plus, californians do it all the time without issue. it's safer for motorcycles too, especially if you think about how many rear end accidents you see on the freeways here from drivers not paying attention and texting and driving.  Well, I'm going to say people seem to agree with me. Lol. I guess it's the principle.  Almost every country has lane splitting for Motorcycles, we're just backwards about it (except Cali as you noted). 