Anyone have any ideas for a location for my parent's 50h wedding anniversary? Details inside. They will have been married 50 years and my siblings and I want to throw a party. We have time to look around - it's not until later this year. 

Restrictions:

- Must be scooter/wheelchair accessible

- Would like it to be in North County (Rancho Berndardo or close-ish)

- able to accommodate about 100 people

Thanks for any ideas! Plenty of Golf Courses up there that will accommodate that very well. The Rancho Bernardo Inn comes to mind:
https://www.ranchobernardoinn.com/

There's a few vineyards that might work as well, here's one:
http://bernardowinery.com/


Beyond that you might be able to get a few parks to reserve but I don't know if they are wheelchair accessible.

 https://www.balihairestaurant.com/ Wow 50yrs. Congrats to your parents Don't forget about the grand kids - and your parent's friends grand kids... 

While the parents are the center of the party, think about staging the setting so that the grandparents can sit back and enjoy watching the grandkids do things and possibly participate with them, or watch others participate  with the grandkids.

Think about a theme ... a "1950's type party" - poodle dresses, blue jeans and t-shirts
Or - maybe it was woodstock, some big rock concert they went to.

I'm sure you'll have others coming from out of town for this sort of thing, pick a few activities people can participate with, ie: Baseball game, Sailing, Golfing ... a hike,  make that part of the day's activities and weave it into the event. Have everybody meet later at venue for dinner - people will be more relaxed, and have something to talk about. This technique can also force it to be a very informal party - ie: tell them to Come as you are -  right from the golf course... or right from the ball game, directly from the beach ...  Grandkids will be able to tell grandparents all about their day, what they saw - and what they did... 

Remember: not everyone wants, or likes a formal party - sometimes you feel awkward, for others it needs to be formal.

While not exactly what you asked for - maybe that will give you some ideas of what, or where to look, or how to adapt a venue to meet your needs.
 Stone Brewery has a nice park setting at their Escondido site.  I highly recomend both places.  Agree! 