Double amputee in dire need of help. Hello friends of San Diego,

My name is Mathew, I live in El Cajon, San Diegp and am a double amputee, and an employee of Costco. I have been working there for about 10 months now and it has been great. But now I am in need of some major surgeries due to how much pain I have been in and I have not been able to work for the past month now, Costco is doing their best to help me out with working in my wheelchair but so far they have been unsuccessful. I have no current income, I am in debt and went negative in my bank account spending the last of my money on doctor visits. I now have no money to pay for my car payment/insurance, no food, or rent money. I am extremely depressed and felt the need to break up with my girlfriend because we fought everyday because of how angry and depressed I have gotten. 

My dream is to become an electrical engineer with an emphases on computer hardware. I love building and fixing computers, it is my biggest passion, along with video gaming and working out. I'm not asking for money to be handed out to me, that's not who I am, I work for my earn. however, I am getting quit desperate and need as much help as I can get. I will build you a badass computer for gaming or whatever you need, I will fix your computer of viruses and ignore all the porn you watch on it. 

The surgeries I will be having are very crucial to my life for I am also a very active individual. I have completed a spartan race, I wrestled in high school and practiced jiu-jitsu in college. But now at the age of 23 with all the pain I am in, I feel like I am 40 years old. I need help/motivation.I have no parents, and all of my family is too poor to help me out. If there is any suggestions that you have, or can help me out in any way. I will be greatly appreciative and will do what I can to help back. I love you guys, this is a great community filled with loving, and caring people. 

If you are having a hard time believing my story, here is a link to my personal facebook to take a look at who I am. 
https://www.facebook.com/MadManMatt619  
and here is a link to my Spartan Race photos. 
https://www.facebook.com/MadManMatt619/media_set?set=a.240435019456266.100004693092180&type=3 I know you don't want handouts, but maybe setup a Gofund me or similar; people seem to respond well to those. I know I'd be down to contribute what I can and "charity" doesn't even factor into that for me. And, FWIW, for a lot of us on Reddit, a computer isn't really on the list of things, you know? Like, most of us are already set there. 

You might want to also take a look at welfare and medicare. I know, the stigma, but extreme times, my friend. You sound like you're EXACTLY in the situation those services are setup for. And, we've ALL been there. I mean, not the double amputee part, but being broke, in medical straits, and looking into the darkness. There's no shame in taking help when you need it.

Keep your head up sir. And go make nice with your woman; I can't imagine being alone going through what you are is gonna be a good time. Apply for State Disability benefits, call 211 and ask to apply for CalFresh and maybe General Assistance. Look into SSI or SSDI. If you've worked in the past, you may be eligible for SSDI which doesn't have an income limit.  Look into welfare programs, I am sure you qualify for some kind of assistance, at the very least food stamps and mos likely some kind of housing allowance for your disability. I'm not an expert by any means so I could be wrong but when I think of government assistance programs it's people like you that comes to mind as prime candidates.  Also, you might want to look into selling plasma as a short term solution. If you don't have any bloodborne diseases or recent tattoos you can make a couple hundred a month. Just google it, there's tons of places. Beyond that, I would suggest looking for a job that is wheelchair accessible, maybe hotel reception or data entry at a call center. Make sure to give us an update in a few weeks so we know how you're doing. Have you applied for disability at all? Maybe short term disability?  You are eligible for Medicaid. Do they just not cover the particular surgeries you need? I second starting a go fund me! I don't have a computer that needs fixing right now or I would!

Also - this is a little out there - but there is a call center in Carlsbad that is often hiring. They have a great company culture and have payed for call center employees to get degrees in computer science and promote them to work on the software. The call center is an emergency line for elderly people with Greatcall products (like life alert).   I know software and hardware are different but this is just something that popped into my brain!!  https://www.greatcall.com/careers/apply-now thank you for the insight. I wish medicare/welfare would help, but I have been fighting them for almost 4 years now and they are of no help to me, and I have also already done a gofund me in the past, it would be real embarrassing to set up another one not even 2 years later.  Thank you so much for your support and help. I really appreciate it. 