Castro // x-post from r/wtf  This person has been hanging around the area for a while now. We live at 17th & Prosper, and they've hung around the alley shouting, breaking sticks, and generally weirding out everybody who's walking in the area. I'm sorry, I know it's not compassionate, but it's gotten extremely obnoxious and I just want to call the cops on them. I know they can't really do anything, and they might not get the treatment that they need, but waking my wife up hours before she has to get up by screaming your head off is not a Constitutional right.

/rant My mom works at Cliffs around the corner and had the extreme luck to see this in person. The phonebooth there was taken out recently, but the cord was still hanging from the wall. The woman in the wheelchair tied one leg up to the wall with the cord, threw her other leg over the side of the chair, pulled back her fishnets and started banging the hell out of herself with that cucumber. This went on for quite a while. At one point, she fell out of her chair and continued on the sidewalk. I <3 SF. Just noticed the cucumber. This is two doors down from my house. They've been hanging around the area for a while now.  Oh how I miss San Francisco.

I bet if you turned the corner you'd something equally crazy. if anyone interested in original thread http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/1l19dt/welcome_to_san_francisco/ At least we know he or she is not paralyzed from the waist down. Good for them!  she's been doing this for the last couple of days. there was a different pic from earlier this week about half a block away. regardless of what you think, at least she's starting her day off right with a serving of veggies! :) What the fuck, how is that dude holding his coffee, jacket, AND phone at the same time? What the fuck happened to San Francisco, I thought we took it easy and didn't pick up random shit all the time wat I saw that! Oh, it was weird. I almost took a picture myself.

and RIP Payphone. I'm trying to figure out what's going on here. 

I don't know if I want to. I'm assuming it's a man in a wheelchair shoving what looks like a cucumber into their body. The comments in the original thread dissing SF sounded like they were from bored Dodger fans. [deleted] [deleted] Not compassionate? ..By that same rationale it's also not compassionate to let packs of feral dogs roam the streets to do as they like.

If you're disturbing the peace or I dunno, BANGING YOURSELF WITH A CUCUMBER on a public sidewalk, in full view of the public (including children), then I'd say calling the cops and having the situation dealt with for the betterment of ALL overrides compassion for ONE.

TL;DR: The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few, or the one. Call Homeless Assistance at 415- 734-4233

Describe her (wheelchair, clothes, physical characteristics), the location (street address), behavior (self evident), and any other details (no weapons, no liquor in sight etc)

They'll send a worker/transport on a non-emergency basis (sometimes within 20"; sometimes later that afternoon), evaluate, transport, and try to get her help for her rather obvious problems...
Which will also simultaneously remove her from the street, to both her and your benefit... You should. Either way its a noise complaint. Holy shit. I thought that was spray paint in her hand. I thought she was tagging the wall. This picture just got 10x more intense.  Had to put it in hd and zoom in.  Some serious anti-SF hate going on over there

 Don't take too long. That cucumber is going to pickle anytime now. I don't know that a man could fit a cucumber inside themselves at that angle... looks like a woman to me? hows your season going buddy Totally Castro and 18th.  Absolutely the Castro. The Starbucks is on the photographer's right. That's my problem, and the city's as well. Nothing gets fixed. Yes, I believe that other counties and states are bussing people here, but the city doesn't really do anything productive to help people get treatment either. But yeah, next time it happens I'll call. I just feel like I'm setting myself up to call a LOT. 

And in case anyone's not familiar with it, Prosper is a one-way street between 17th and 16th that not only acts as a natural urinal wall for people migrating to/from Dolores Park but also a harbor for homeless/mentally unstable/drug abusers/late-night partiers. yes, please do not get SFPD involved. it's much better when you get the right people with the right skills. Homeless Assistance is a great resource. I recently left a job that was at 6th and Stevenson and these folks are truly unsung and unthanked heroes of the city. They handle the most awful, barbaric stuff with extremely limited resources. Same goes to the various Community Ambassadors. i trust your analysis of this image. Nope, it's a gentleman. Sorry I couldn't hear you OVER our WORLD SERIES CHAMPIONSHIPS Did you ever see the guy who put sprinklers in his alley to spray on people pissing in his alley? You should do that 