SF Luxury Bus startup Leap is not wheelchair accessible. As a 10 year wheelchair user, I am dissappointed.  >In its terms of service, Leap says it “does not provide transportation services,” and that it is “not a transportation carrier.”

Wait...what? How can a bus company claim to "not provide transportation services"?  That's the point. They don't want wheelchairs because cripples take too long to board the bus.  That totally sucks, I am sorry to hear that. It seems like they should at the very least offer to tow you behind the bus. This is fucking ridiculous. OP, where do you live?  How on earth were you living two weeks ago when Leap didn't even exist? This is what disappoints you? A four person startup servicing expensive premium rides between the Marina and the FiDI? Out of all the things, in the world you live in, THIS?? So let's hope a lawsuit goes through and we put them out of business, what does this do besides create linkbait for /r/sanfrancisco to circlejerk around.   

This just reeks of ego stroking. How about more constructive activism. As a 10 year wheelchair user, how can the state (that's what we're talking about here) make your life easier? What is the appropriate role, which private enterprises should comply with ADA? Does the Nike half marathon need oversight by the ADA? When we're not conflating public transportation with private enterprise, it seems a lot less obvious. Remember, at the end of the day we live in a world of scarce resources, taking our fingers waving pooh hooh does little other than to make us feel better about ourselves. 

I know i'm being cunty right now, but I just want more from this post. I really want to empathize with you, because right now i'm going to hell because I don't actually think the emotion you felt was disappointment. 

We could compile a list ad nauseam of private enterprise that look similar to public goods, that are not wheelchair accessible, but the techbro motif is what's hot right now. God I miss the days when we used to hate banks. :(   Every picture of these buses, inside and out look like some Xzibit pimp my ride project.  Do they seem that way in person? [deleted] Its a shame they had to go bankrupt before they were able to comply with the law. http://www.businessinsider.com/leap-declares-bankruptcy-2015-9 I believe we should mandate that all private traffic must follow the same rules as city busses for carrying wheelchairs.

Any cars that do not have level boarding for wheelchairs will not be allowed on SF roads. This will cut traffic down by 99% as well.

Who's with me?

 Sounds about right.  These startups aren't about finding enterprising ways to help society.  For pure capitalism's sake, they're out to find and take advantage of a market to make money.  The market in this case is a incestuous economy of startup employees having first-world problems and money to throw at making their lives more comfortable and convenient. 

Their capitalistic interests would hopefully be tempered or regulated by a common sense of decency and equality as has been codified by our government and other watchdog-type groups, but the new pattern encouraged by private equity is to move fast, make money, and figure out that part later, only when they have to.   I honestly don't know what to say here. Are most taxis in violation of the ADA then? There are plenty transportation providers that are not wheelchair accessible. Better call [Scott Johnson](http://www.tahoedailytribune.com/article/20110508/NEWS/110509912)! I'm going to stay out of the whole ADA discussion - I'm just hear to point out that in this case the name of the private bus service is kind of fucked up. C'mon - just LEAP! If it were wheelchair accessable, the bus would be slowed down, and it would would make everyone late, no?

Aren't people paying to not be inconvenienced by these sort of things?
 Lyft/Uber make the claim that they're merely a dispatch platform for individuals to provide transportation service. Regardless of whether you take that seriously, that defense is not even marginally applicable here. It's a bus on a fixed route with ticketing and branded stops and vehicles. No world's exists where they're not a transportation service. First they remove the lifts from buses they purchased, then they make these arguments. It just seems they are really going out of their way to not be accessible.  Because there is a government designation for a transportation service and they can claim to not meet the criteria for it.

This has nothing to do with the dictionary definition of the word "transportation."  It's all about bureaucracy. More likely they don't want wheelchairs because they lose money when they have lifts, compared to what they make from wheelchair-bound customers.

Lots of customers have special needs, and many new companies are looking to serve smaller segments of the population.  The new economy is about customization. Yes, it's so unfair to force a business to comply with the law. > What is the appropriate role, which private enterprises should comply with ADA?

The ones that need to. If all other transportation companies are required to, there's not reason Leap shouldn't. 

Can't force these startups to follow the law. That might hinder their "disruption" of the transportation industry, which they can amazingly disrupt without even being part of it. It's basic ADA compliance issues. Please, compile that private/public industry list you imagined so we can thoroughly analyze this.  OP was $150 poorer 2 weeks ago, before the Chron found him and asked him to write an article stating an opinion he may not even truly subscribe to.  It's great for clicks! Whats ridiculous is the operators of a business had their heads so far up their ass they didn't do the basic due diligence to comply with the ADA.

 [removed] If it helps any, I still hate banks.  I don't have to be disappointed about other things precisely because laws like the ADA exist.  Typically companies who are below a certain bar in size have more leeway with regard to ADA and reasonable accommodation, specifically because of the impact even just having one unit has on their total.  Taxi companies for example have numerous handicap cabs on hand, but also have larger total fleets.

We'll see where ADA comes down on it, but frankly Leap is already operating on a trial basis it seems logical they'd get an ADA exemption.  Their entire service is 6 hours a day, 5 days a week currently (AM and PM rush hour), so they're clearly not running a significant fleet.  

As a fun note, if you stay (really) small and family held, practically every form of discrimination is actually legal or least you have enough leeway no one is going to win a suit against you unless you're handing out notarized letters about your desire to discriminate.   > requiring a "luxury" bus startup, that is trying to establish a rider base, to make their buses wheelchair friendly is an unfair barrier of entry into the market. 

How is it unfair if the ADA applies to all companies that try to enter the market with these services?   At least 4 of their buses were equipped with chair lifts and seating at the time of purchase. They paid to have those features removed. That's the part I find disconcerting.  Yeah, sounds about right. I understand what you're saying, but even if they are only targeting young wealthy tech Bros, even at that level that are saying disabled tech Bros don't matter  Oh god, go away. You're not doing us ADA advocates any favors.  [deleted] Transportation companies are required to provide an accessible option. Taxis companies have vans that are accessible. Leap has no option as of yet.  Hey, this is SF. Feel free to "bend" the rules! 

^(*as long as you have venture capital backing and a snazzy app. ) Definitely does seem that way. The fact that they went through the trouble and cost to actually *remove* existing lifts (which, as far as I know, would have been unobtrusively located under the front stairway of the bus, as they are in SF's own NABI buses) is what makes this most egregious in my mind. The whole "we're a small and cant afford lifts, boo-hoo" argument goes out the window when that's taken into account. > many new companies are looking to serve smaller segments of the population. The new economy is about customization.

So I guess you have no problem if someone starts a "whites only" bus service? Which law is that  And what private companies are those? All the other luxury bus services?  Shoot, I might not even be in a wheelchair. Exactly, didn't they consider that when people heard about this, they would flip their lid.  I don't care about the legalities angle so much as the moral angle.  It's terrible PR.
But then again, I think the people that won't be bothered by this are the exact target demographic they are pursuing.   Gladly, as long as your ambulance is wheelchair accessible.  Which one of the /r/sanfrancisco mods owns this novelty account? Congratulations /u/Redwheels you officially killed them.  A true hero of /r/sanfrancisco  [deleted] It makes the barrier to entry too high, and sets up a system where only large corporate-backed businesses can afford to operate. [deleted] They removed everything inside the buses and re-did them. Even if they had a lift, a wheelchair couldn't get inside these buses.

http://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/businteriorV2.jpg So if Leap bought one accessible van then they would conform? Seems like they could probably do that in a pinch. Disruption! [deleted] aka: LEAP The ADA, as cited multiple times in the article. Airport shuttles an example of private transportation companies that have to adhere to ADA regulations > But then again, I think the people that won't be bothered by this are the exact target demographic they are pursuing.

Douchebags. 

Got it.
 http://www.sfgate.com/technology/businessinsider/article/Leap-the-luxury-San-Francisco-commuter-bus-is-6506888.php I can't take all the credit  It might never be "worth" the return for a private enterprise to provide service to specific small percentages of the population, so the government has decided that because our society believes in equal access, entities need to figure out their business models in a way that allows that.   

Seems a bit childish to point to Muni and say they didn't have to, so why should LEAP.  Maybe its because I'm not familiar with the exception -- is it because ADA wasn't in effect yet?  That was then, and this is now.   Older busses being grandfathered makes sense: with any type of regulation, grandfather clauses/exceptions allows for gradual progress and change -- that is a concession of society and government to private enterprises to be "fair".   Turning off the rules so capitalist interests can "test ideas" imply the rules are frivolous anyway. If they weren't so busy "disrupting" the transportation space they might have paid attention to some of the regulations. 

 I could be wrong on this, but I don't think that would comply.  The reason why taxi's can offer a portion of their fleet instead of every cab is because it's an on-demand service.  I.e. if you're in a wheelchair, you don't get a notably different experience as a result of it.

If Leap bought one bus your wait time would make it so that you could never use the service and experience the same thing as a person without a disability.

IANAL and all that. It would have to be a luxury van in keeping with the brand. A place to park my chair while I transfer onto a leather seat with accessible minibar. I'm only half joking. Leap,  what's up?  No that still doest make sense. If it was all about cost savings, there would be no sense in removing the lifts at all, they slide unobtrusively under the front steps. You can't even see them unless they unfold. Even if one breaks the bus can still go about its route with no trouble. Removing them would require tearing apart and retrofitting the frot steps....a significant cost. Also maintenance on lifts is crazy simpe, you pump grease into the fitting every so often and change the hydraulic fluid once a year or so. [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] > a company like Leap.

A clear TRANSPORTATION company. What the fuck else do they do? I'm not the person you were responding to, but I would view that example as being ok not because it's a non-profit but because they are buying old busses and not putting substantial money into retrofitting them which sounds more in line with the ADA exemption than what Leap is doing. If they wanted to buy new busses or do substantial modifications to older busses then I would have a problem with it. > Also, there is not a single cable car route that is wheel chair accessible.

Historical buildings can get exemptions. I suspect National Historic Landmarks (cable cars) would fall into the same category.

I think the point with Muni is that (except the cable cars) all of the vehicles are accessible. For stops that are accessible, you can be sure the approaching vehicle is accessible. ADA tends to have very valid grandfathering rules, which I believe explains all of that. So why aren't all taxis required to have wheelchair access? [deleted] [deleted] Most companies have vehicles in their fleet to accommodate wheelchair access. Yes, they should be required too. I'll let [captain hindsight](https://i.imgflip.com/kb6bv.jpg) handle this one. If the primary function of the company is transporting people then yes I think they should be obligated to provide an accommodation for people with disabilities if they are using vehicles that weren't grandfathered in regardless of profit status. So you're saying you should have to call a special cab if you have a wheelchair.  How is that different from having to call another company because one does not serve wheelchair-bound people? When I call for an accessible cab, it's still from the same company.  Do you comprehend English? Every cab company should have the capacity to serve wheelchair-bound people. Many municipalities have laws in place that ensure they do so. 

Also the cab industry is dying. No reason to use that as the standard that transportation companies should be held too. 