Maserati parked blocking a crosswalk and wheelchair ramp. People are so considerate in the Marina.  You think that guy was able to afford that  car by parking on the sidewalk or double parking?  Hell no!  Park in the crosswalk and he saves a bunch of money because the fine is lower. I was on hold with the Towing line when a meter maid rolled by and told me that tow truck was on its way. I'm waiting with glee. [removed] If he was there for a few minutes then it really isn't much of a problem, though technically still illegal obviously. A lot of room for a wheel chair to pass by in the minuscule chance one passed through. Fuck towing. I'd have just unscrewed the cap on the tire air-valve, put a rock in it, and screwed it back onto the valve. Slow-leak flat tire. Repeat 3x! can we get pictures of that! oh and you should xpost with /r/justiceporn. most of the people there aren't tech bros with limited paradigms and will probably appreciate the little guy being taken care of  You're probably right. I mean you've navigated this city in a walker long enough to know, no?  It had been more than half an hour. Yes it's illegal, and for good reason. No sense in letting one rich asshole inconvenience and endanger the elderly, kids in strollers and anybody else that needs to use the ramp. 

I'm fed up with how little action is taken against shitty and inconsiderate drivers in SF. Between parking in crosswalks, bike lines and on sidewalks, speeding everywhere, failing to yield and generally being rude, there is a toxic culture of driver entitlement. 

I hope more people call in complaints when they see people acting a fool.  Your wheelchair has had to pull similar stunts I take it?  Unfortunately my lunch break ended before the tow truck arrived. We'll have to find our schadenfreude elsewhere.  [removed] Personally, by the looks of the photo, I don't think he inconveniencing or endangering anyone. But yea 30 minutes parked like that deserves a ticket/tow. And you're spot on about the culture that drivers have here in the city; it needs to change. Oh I misunderstood you as having experience as someone that was physically disabled, thus making your opinion a qualified one. But your response makes it clear you suffer from only mental disabilities.  You forgot to add 'you fuck head' in Alan Rickman's voice. 