My MUNI ride today Just thought I would share... I had to end up taking lyft to work because the MUNI 5 bus I was on was shut down. This was due to a homeless man confined to a wheelchair; he 'inadvertently' tracked feces into the train.  Ha I was on the 38 once when a homeless man shit in the back portion of the bus, in a seat.  I was in the front portion, and there was a mass migration of people forwards, and then the smell hit.  Almost everyone exited once the bus stopped.  Ah, muni memories... [Then there's the fecal matter on the BART cushions...](https://www.google.com/?q=fecal+matter+BART+cushions) You do realize that there are plenty of parallel routes, right? depending on where you were going and your timeframe, you could've alternatively walked a few blocks to the 31, 21, or a bit further even 38 or 71. they all go downtown. but that's shitty! sorry it happened tracked feces into the bus lol 

I had a guy who sat down and when he got up there was shit on the seat. I try my best to not sit down on the 19 bus  There was a Chinese kid on the 5 I was on that had to pee. Rather than get off like a normal fucking human being, his mother instructed him to pee in front of everyone into a water bottle. When getting off, she left the water bottle unopened, on the floor of the bus. The bus moved, naturally pee went everywhere and my "cultural differences" alarm went off again that day.  Cool story bro.  Can you tell it again? The good ol dirty-eight.  Pfff, try taking the last BART out of the city on a Friday night. I've been in a train car that had both bum feces on the seats *and* bro vomit on the floor. Yeah those Chinese old ladies still think they're in China.  Do they cancel out or compound the wretchedness? The cheap booze vomit smell totally overwhelmed the shit smell. The acid smell of puke is harsh enough to mask most other smells. 

The puke smell was also stronger just because it was fresher. There was already a turd on a seat when I walked into the car, and the bro vomited about 10 minutes into the ride right when we got in the middle of the transbay tube.

I beat a hasty retreat toward the rear of the train.  