Handicap at safeco $40??? I was wondering if you guys know where to park near the stadium that doesn't charge $40.  I am in a wheel chair for traumatic injuries and the attendant immediately made me either pay up or move, I moved BC I can buy cheap tickets but not premium parking.  I showed my disabled placard but it didn't matter. /r/Mariners might be of help I parked at the Century Link garage for the Boston game on Saturday for $20. Don't understand why people pay more to park further away.

The garage not the  lot* > I showed my disabled placard but it didn't matter.


Why should it matter? The placard gets you access more convenient parking, not free parking.  My husband is disabled and we always park in the Safeco Field garage, just south of the stadium.  Just buy parking in advance [here](http://seattle.mariners.mlb.com/sea/ballpark/transportation/index.jsp?content=parking) (it's cheaper that way, and more certain--$20-$30, depending on the game, vs. at least $5 more on the day of the game, if they have any spaces left).  Then show up with your disabled permit, and they will direct you to the disabled spaces (usually on Levels 4 and 5).

We always go when the garage opens, 3 hours before the game, and park on Level 5, right next to the skybridge across Edgar Martinez Drive.  It comes out on the Club level, but you can take the nearby elevator up or down to your seats if they're somewhere else. you knew well in advance that you needed special requirements to enjoy the game yet you didn't simply google "mariners wheelchair accessible parking" like you would probably do to before other large scale events.

plan ahead next time.

all of the information is there. take the bus.   Metro? They're wheelchair friendly, cheap, and close drop off near entrance. Easy to park at a transit center.  I thought we're supposed to treat people in wheel chairs equally? You want a primo parking spot AND a discount?! /r/no_sob_story [deleted] Its hard to roll yourself or be pushed for a mile when trying to see a game.  With the stadium and teams being subsidized by our tax I figure a handicap spot without a price gouge would be appropriate.  When I can walk I have no problem parking far out and walking in.  

All the other options may work but that's not the situation that came up the other day. I can find solutions but feel wronged with what happened. Unless a couple of other people in wheelchairs got on the bus before you.  Then you're screwed and have to wait for the next one.

Or you could just drive and be there, and have your car right away after the game, and don't have to wait for the next available bus with sufficient wheelchair seating. [deleted] [The Mariners accessibility guide seems to lay out two options.](http://seattle.mariners.mlb.com/sea/ballpark/information/index.jsp?content=ada_info)

1. Contact the team about paying for special disability gameday parking in the Safeco Garage.  They ask that these arrangements be made at least 10 days in advance of the game date. 206-346-4001 

2. Designated drop off and pickup areas.  This is probably the way I would go.

3. NeShep's idea for using the Century Link garage might be the way to go anyway.

Given how much Seattle hates cars, it must be a real bitch to have to go downtown in a wheelchair.  He's hoping you'll be upgraded to some sort of powered exosuit in the near future. You could always get a Uber or Lyft with wheelchair access. I understand your predicament, but I still don't think people with handicap placards deserve free parking on top of the other liberties it grants you.  $5 says this guy has never been on a bus. /\ This is a good answer right here. Is this a new thing for you? I've attended many games with people in chairs and the biggest concerns have been the couple dicks shooting dirty looks while waiting for the lift gate on the Metro or another person stealing the spot in the the stadium because their disability is worse (bad and weird form). Your placard gives you plenty of options on the street and the stadiums have options if you plan ahead. Don't let one parking attendant ruin your day and enjoy the game. I'm new to the chair and will be out of it in a few months, I'm used to going down to a game last minute and just walking a good distance.  I'll plan for future games a bit better. Is a bus/cab an option?  You could park somewhere close but accessible if it were that important to be close to your own car. 