UBER drop off/pick up @ Pike Place Market We're thinking of going to Pike Place and taking Uber instead of driving over and parking in the garage, since our hotel is so close (Next to the Convention Center on Pike). I do have limited walking ability but am not wheelchair bound so walking up and down the hill from the station near me did prove difficult.

When Uber picks up at Pike Place, do they tend to want you to be at a specific spot such as the garage, or is there a way to designate where in Pike Place you are? On Google Maps Pike Place just has one street address. If I've worn myself out, being able to pick up from various points along the Market area would be optimal rather than having to go back to the Garage. I'm not sure which areas Uber can actually access, though, either. I've usually been picked up exactly where my pin is set (I manually move it to a certain corner where there is a free space / loading zone, ect.).

Stay on 1st Ave, do not have a car drive through the market.

EDIT: By through the market, I mean along Pike Pl, where there are red bricks. Have you used Uber and it's phone app before? It uses the GPS of your smartphone. Exit the market to be picked up, you'll see how pedestrian heavy the streets are down there. It'll take a car ages to drive through.  Uber drivers will text or call if they can't find you.  Be sure to notice a landmark or sign so that you can tell them exactly where you are.  I've had luck in unfamiliar cities by giving directions like "I'm right under the big blue sign with a fish on it."


Also, in case it helps in your planning, I highly recommend the market on weekday mornings.  It can be absolutely packed on weekends and later in the day.  The crush tends to be near the "main" entrance (with the big "Pike Place Market" sign).  When I go at more busy times I often enter from the shops on first to the left or right of the main entrance.  Even when the farmer's market is packed full there will still be quiet areas near the shops.


Also, a trick one of my coworkers used when he needed to avoid the hills- many of our downtown buildings have public lobbies.  It's possible to climb from the market to fourth street on public escalators and elevators to avoid the climb (at least during weekdays), but you'll have to walk a bit further to do it.


I hope you have a wonderful visit! easier on everyone to just walk down to 2nd or 1st & wait there. Have them pick you up at the top of the street on first (up from the famous Pike Place sign.  It's a nice easy walk and spaces to drop you off. Thanks. When I'm looking at "Pike Place Market" on Google Map it is encompassing everything from the waterfront to 2nd Ave within the pink zone that it calls PPM. I know it's really more the stuff between 1st and Western, between Union Stewart.

So basically anywhere along Western, Union, or 1st should be OK for pickups? I've only used it twice so far, and had exact addresses to point to. Thanks! That's definitely part of why we went today instead of going this past weekend. The elevators and ramps inside were really, REALLY helpful, for sure.

We ended up starting at 1st and Pike for the dropoff and Western & Pike for the pickup - and it worked just dandy! Have them pick you at The Showbox or the strip club, no one should have to drive onto the bricks for pick-up/drop-off. If you have mobility issues and get picked up on First, exit the market to First by going up Pike Street.  It is the flattest of all the roads that head down there.    The actual market is along Pike Pl. The main market buildings are between 1st and Pike Pl and Pike Pl and Western Ave. The are lots of other buildings around that have market stuff, but walking along Pike Pl is the center of the market. 

Your best best is as close to 1st and Pike St. (if ending near the top of the market) or along western Ave. (If you went through the market and ended up on a lower floor). Open it up and play around. I've never inputted an address for pick up. Only drop off because it was easier than selecting a spot on the map.  