Group proposes modifying and running Metro's historic waterfront streetcars on modern tracks  holy shit really? this was like the biggest mystery surrounding what happened to these things. From people saying they were all sold off long ago, to others saying they were hidden in a warehouse somewhere. 

Its really awesome to hear that 2 of them will stay here and there is an active effort to retrofit them for city center! Those will look awesome! 

If they ever get a kickstarter up and running for this, i'd back them. Would love to see these cars in service. San Francisco does this for their streetcars that run through the waterfront.  They always look incredible, Seattle should totally do it--

https://www.google.com/search?q=san+francisco+f+market+street+car&biw=1600&bih=775&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi-v5aRia3KAhWHLmMKHWVyAt0Q_AUIBygC
 Great, one more thing we can feed to Bertha. What's old is new again. Never happen, They can't meet ADA requirements. It's a nice idea, but I don't know how they are going to get these to work with current ADA and safety standards. I'd prefer if the modern streetcars were given a familiar color scheme. 
 Not a great idea... These are not level with the curb like the modern streetcars, so there will be delays for wheelchair passangers, leading to bunching. With no way of passing, this will cause delays throughout the system. Yes!!! They would be so fun at City Center!! Checked in on them last year, they were still in the warehouse across the street from Central Base on 6th.  People toy with the idea of getting them back up and running about once a year.  Their best chance will be togo back on the waterfront once the viaduct is gone. 

Edit: Went back to try to find a picture, looks like it was a few years ago as the pics aren't on this phone.  So 2013 was the last time I had eyes on them.  Something may have happened to them, but probably not.  Yeah I got to ride one of those in SF for the first time last month and it was awesome. They've done such a good job of restoring them and keeping them in good shape. Sinkholes are back in style, *OH YEAH!* It is possible for them to get an exemption along the lines of the San Francisco and New Orleans street car systems. They might go for that. They run a Melbourne W2 on the F line in San Francisco. Most stops are ADA as well so it can be done. From the article:

Gibbs, former executive director of Metro who helped serve on the board to build Safeco Field, said he knows the group will have to raise at least $50,000 for initial studies and then more (into six figures) to do modifications with doors, the propulsion system and to meet ADA requirements. Accessible lifts can be installed at a few stations as what San Francisco did, as theirs do not kneel either. This is not a commute thing, it's a tourism thing. They would be running on the same routes as the SLU and the First Hill streetcars, so there will always be modern and accessible vehicles running as well. I bet Portland or San Diego will probably be the model here, both of those cities occasionally run historic trolleys on modern streetcar lines. I remember the streetcars had no wheelchair lifts, instead using elevated, wheelchair-ramped platforms at all boarding points. Without studding the new route up with elevated platforms, non-able-bodied riders would be frozen out. 

Dawdling streetcars full of tourists on the right, Ducks full of tourists passing them on the left, dodged by bicyclists forced to use the left lane to avoid catching a tire in the streetcar tracks...blech. I'm taking a screenshot so I can remember this moment forever Woohooo! We are becoming more like SF one day at a time! I don't doubt that they can't serve wheelchair bound people, the issue is that it takes forever and will cause massive system delays.  So you think that they'll disallow wheelchair passenger from entering these trolleys? Let's scrap everything fun and cool so cyclists don't have to be as careful! Heh, sorry to be a killjoy, but Metro need to restore the First Avenue buses is all. Stripping those out took First Ave transportation from the stadiums to the Center for everyone, tourists, disabled, and the rest of us. Laying track for a couple cute trolleys seems like a super poor substitute. But yeah, fun.  