Wheelchair accessibility Hello! I use a manual wheelchair and I've looked into moving to Seattle for grad school, but before I can get hopes up I need to know if I would struggle all the time or not. Like, are there always stairs into restaurants and stores? Are the curb ramps ridiculously steep or at odd angles? Is public transportation old and less likely to have lifts and whatnot?

Any info would be great. Thanks! Manual chair may be problematic.
Going across downtown can be difficult.
Transferring buses may mean going down/up hills in all weather.
Rampant construction means that some streets are blocked off.
Contact accessibility coordinator/disability services at your school.

Most neighborhoods have public transportation to downtown and to a lesser extent, the university  district( uw).
But bypassing downtown can be more difficult, The Seattle Times just did a piece on the condition of sidewalks in Seattle. Many are quite old. There are many dips, cracks, roots, lifts, etc. I’ve almost tripped on several occasions. I’m not sure if that would cause a problem for a power chair or not. My partner uses a manual wheelchair and it's possible here but not the easiest.  Depending on your school it can be tough, UW is hilly and the building entrances can be tough since the buildings were retrofitted for accessibility, SU is a bit better.  Parking can be hard without finding yourself down a big hill.  Ramps on sidewalks and businesses can be pretty nonexistant, they're actually adding a lot of sidewalk ramps due to a lawsuit.  A lot will depend on the neighborhood you're in. The [Access Map](https://www.accessmap.io/) will give you an idea of the hills that you need to deal with in Seattle in some areas. Some of them are ridiculously steep. Here is the [Downtown Seattle Accessible Map and Transit Guide](http://metro.kingcounty.gov/maps/pdf/seattle-accessible-map.pdf) which can help getting around some of that.

Unfortunately, even as someone who uses a rolling walker, I've found quite a few places that are not 100% handicapped accessible. There aren't *always* stairs into restaurants and stores, but I've found a few. Dong Thap has 3 steps to get into it. Beth's has booths and no tables which would probably be difficult for someone in a wheelchair as their setup doesn't necessarily make parking a wheelchair at the end of a table easy in most of the room. Elysian Bar on Pike has a toy/gum vending machine set up by the bathrooms that makes turning the corner into the bathroom difficult. Navigating Pike Place is a challenge, and the old ramp inside is definitely steep by ADA standards. I've had a few stores that I can't take my walker in because they've crammed so much stuff into them that there's no room. Smaller shops cramming too much into a small space seems to be the biggest offender.

One other thing, if you switch to an electric grocery cart when you go shopping, some stores actually lock them up here. The QFC downtown and the Uwajimaia come to mind. The latter makes you give them some form of ID as collateral to use the cart. 

I've found a lot of sidewalks are cracked and patched along the main run through the West Seattle Junction. They work, so long as you watch the ground. I have found, in general, that a log of curb cuts have slight lips due to pavement movement/sinking which aren't a challenge for me.

The one thing I have noticed though is that despite the "Seattle Freeze" people are so much more helpful here. People seem to actually *see* disabled people here, and will go out of their way to be helpful. I've had shop owners that have done their best to move stuff out of my way. I've had strangers who weren't even going into buildings stop and open doors for me.

Edited to add: I don't use public transit much. The few times I have, I was just very uncomfortable and with the bus as crowded as it was I ended up with no real place to fold up my walker, so ended up with people kind of climbing over it to get past me. Being in a wheelchair would probably be easier as they flip up the seats and buckle your chair in, so you're more tucked out of the way. I have read of problems with stations where the elevators are out, etc. and people having to ride to the next stop then double back, but I haven't experienced it. If you qualify for paratransit service, there is [The Access Bus.](http://metro.kingcounty.gov/tops/accessible/programs/access.html) Entery ways to restaurants isn't something I thought to pay attention to, I feel like most are level with the sidewalk, maybe a slight lip.

Every single Metro, Pierce, and Sound transit bus I've noticed is wheelchair accessible. (I would assume community transit serving Snohomish county is too but I have rarely taken them to notice if they do).  
Not all stops are wheelchair accessible. Like the eastbound SR-520 bus stop at montlake that only has stairs to get from the freeway to montlake Blvd, I've also seen stops marked as no lift when they're on steep hills.

Many of the newer busses the floor is only a couple inches higher than the sidewalk and a lot quicker than a lift in the older busses a ramp flips out on the sidewalk.

Also here's a page on Metro's site. http://metro.kingcounty.gov/tops/accessible/riding-the-bus/accessible-buses.html Transportation wise, you should be good. King County Metro offers a lot to make transportation accessible. [Here](http://metro.kingcounty.gov/tops/accessible/riding-the-bus/index.html) is their page with more information.

[Here's](https://wheelchairtravel.org/seattle-wa/) a website designed around travel that has Seattle ranked as #1 for people traveling with a wheelchair. This site goes into more detail about the streets.

As someone who is not in a wheelchair, I unfortunately can't comment on the restaurant part because it isn't something that I've paid attention to in the past. Downtown Seattle does have a lot of hills (the link above gets into that), but depending on where you go to school, those may or may not be an issue. I can't speak to the experience of someone in a wheelchair, but I'd say Seattle is generally pretty accessible. 

All buses have lifts or ramps, and the light rail is fully accessible at all stations. The University of Washington is pretty wheelchair friendly, as most of the older buildings have been renovated to be more accessible. I'm not sure about other schools. Most retail and restaurants have level entries. There are only a few older buildings I can think that have stairs up to the entry. 

The biggest obstacle would probably the topography. There are streets in some neighborhoods that are too steep for a manual wheelchair, particularly downtown. Though a lot of newer buildings downtown have public pathways with elevators to get between streets.

I'd recommend you explore the school and neighborhood you plan on living in before you commit to see for yourself. Are there things to do outside of downtown? I've noticed that it's difficult to navigate topography in most downtown areas unless the area is generally flat or new.  This is super insightful, thank you. I've come to realize that downtown of most cities is tougher, and it's just not worth living in any really historic place. I live in Florida right now, so I've heard even "hilly" areas I deal with are still flat compared to many other places.  Is it hard to find things to do or places to go that aren't difficult when it comes to accessibility? Community Transit buses are all wheelchair accessible. Yes, seeing in person and exploring for a while has become a necessity no matter what. Especially since I'm from Florida so it's relatively flat, and UF is one of the easier historic campuses to get around that I've been on. 
Being from here makes me slightly concerned that any topography crazier than here is going to feel really difficult to me anyway. 
Thanks for the reply! Ha, yeah we came from Sacramento which is flat as a pool table so I know what you mean.  That said, Seattle is an awesome place to be and I definitely wouldn't rule it out based on accessibility. All the "bigger" things here are pretty accessible. I will say that the Aquarium could be a bit better. They have one ramp that's pretty long, and it's carpeted, and I suspect built pre-ADA as it seems rather steep. There's a lot of doors that don't have push-buttons, but as I said people are very helpful.

The Space Needle has a transfer chair/chair lift to get from the inside down the couple of steps to the outdoor observation deck.  Pretty much all museums, libraries, etc.. are really accessible. The more touristy it is, the more accessible it is going to be.

Pike Place can be done. There is at least a handrail on that somewhat overly steep ramp, and that's honestly only in one area. They've put on a whole new addition to the Market which as it is new should be fully ADA compliant. The older part just becomes more of a maze as it may mean backtracking to an elevator rather than just going up stairs - which is a problem with any mall, really, it's always easier to get between levels if you can take stairs/escalators.

There's an art store that I went to that had stairs to get up into it, but they also had one of those wheelchair lifts, so that was pretty awesome. Another one had a big ramp inside where the building split levels instead of using stairs.

The Cinerama movie theater downtown has an elevator upstairs to the seating area, and a row of wheelchair accessible seating that isn't the very front or very back rows, so THAT was nice!

I've found access, at least to the level I need, in the most amazing places at times. The UW Horticultural Center, if you want to go get out into nature, *might* work for you. There's the area around the building itself, and then a nature trail. The trail is gravel in parts, but then they went and made a wooden boardwalk for the majority of it.

Most of my issues have been at shops that are just tiny to start with. There's a shop in the U-district that I love, but in all honesty I don't think her entire shop is much bigger than my living room, dining room, and kitchen combined - so of course she crams as much stuff in as she can.

Even Elysian, which has that vending machine where it is, has a long ramp down into the lower-level area so that the entire floor area is accessible. I just don't think they've considered that someone might crack their knuckles on the vending machine when trying to turn the corner to the loo.

Basically I've moved here from a place where I didn't go to the older, downtown area much. I probably would have found many of the same problems there. None of it has been particularly insurmountable, it's just taken some extra thought that I didn't have to put into things back in the land of newer buildings and wide-open spaces. Sometimes it's a mildly frustrating learning curve, but once you learn what works for you and pick out a few favorite hangouts it just becomes the new normal and you can start going out again without having that extra layer of planning unless you're going somewhere you haven't gone before. It's been a dream of mine to live there, so I have a feeling that even if it's not the easiest I'll probably still try it out. I know it's one of the most ADA compliant places in the US when it comes to new construction, which is part of why I started looking into it.  