Bonus Mission! Please help! My wheelchair is STUCK in the street! Republican & Boren..double exp! Serious!  Well, I'm six hours late to this. Did you get any help? I assume yes? That area is pretty dead at 1am. This is batshit crazy.  Seriously, I need some help, and I don't want to call the 'thorities'. I just need a little push. I could pay a small financial reward. Please, Seattle Amazonia,❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️, don't let me down. =)  wat. Are you in the road proper?

911 is your friend. Wether it goes to PD or FD, I **guarantee** there have been dumber things they've seen. Someone pushed me off of the road now I'm on the sidewalk still don't have battery power to get up the two blocks to get to where I need to be at this point I'm not sure I just need to get somewhere close so I can charge my chair that's all I was hurt by local police and am still recovering. That's the only reason I haven't called them. I used to trust them. Now I know that dangerous for some people.
If I could just get to an outlet anywhere in one of these Amazon buildings for half an hour, I could get meals to safety.
This is truly humiliation to feel so pressed for safety that I have to ask strangers on /r. I'm sorry guys.  Then in the future skip talking to the police dispatcher and  direct dial SFD at 
    206-386-1498. Police wouldn’t be responding, they’d send the fire truck. Either way, you need to call 911 next time. There's absolutely no need to apologize for this! I hope you were able to get some help last night without having to wait too much longer. Care to elaborate on how they hurt you?  If not, you just sound like one of the many people in Seattle that hate the police. She doesn’t owe you shit. Totally inappropriate question/followup. Someone is in need of help and your first instinct is to cast them in a negative light, nice. Why is it inappropriate.  This city is full of people that denigrate the police constantly.  Somebody saying 'they hurt me' and 'I'm still recovering' sounds like sensationalized bullshit.

If I'd been nearby, I would have gladly helped as it was another human being in need, but that doesn't magically mean I'm not allowed to call somebody out. I’m not going to get into why people have those opinions of the police with you, clearly extrajudicial killings are your style. I will say that your instinct to automatically blame a professed victim speaks volumes of your capacity for empathy.  No, it doesn't.  But your reaction certainly highlights that you aren't able to read through the lines and would rather blame a non issue (extra judicial killings by the police) than confront the possibility somebody may be full of shit.  Nasty Ass Walrus Whether or not she’s full of shit isn’t at all germane to her need of assistance.

Describing extra judicial killings by police as a non issue says everything anyone needs to know. I’m at a loss for words. I don't live my life with feels, hence my non concern about extra judicial killings by the SPD since that's not an actual concern, despite what Kshama Sawant wants you to believe so you'll hate anything outside of your hyper liberal sensitivities.

 Ah, demonizing empathy. Nice.  Empathy is necessary and what we should all exude.  Dogmatic chanting about falsehoods because HuffPost and the useful idiots in Seattle want you to is neither. 