Here's how long it takes to walk from the light rail station into Sea-Tac Airport  Oh for Pete's sake stop making a mountain out of a mole hill. 
Is it inconvenient? Yes, but if we are going to get all up in a tissy over a 3 minute walk. We have some serious issues we need to talk about. 
It's like no one here has ever walked to a bus stop before.  By comparison, San Francisco's BART train either makes you take a connecting shuttle (which costs an extra $3) to the Oakland Airport, or makes you take another shuttle to the main terminals of SFO.  This isn't at all bad.  I challenge people to find a better system. We take for granted, the fact that we even have pedestrian access to the airport. I flew into Vegas a couple weeks ago, slipped into my running gear, and intended to run from the airport to my hotel on the strip. This is when I discovered there is no way to get on or off property _~~at all~~_ on foot. Had to take a city bus to get to the edge of town to start my run.

**EDIT: u/DarkishArchon points out you _can_, if you're willing to to take a super sketchy pathway. For this reason, I clarify: there isn't a _non-sketchy_ way on/off, as in no real sidewalks or other infrastructure designed with pedestrian safety in mind. I'm not even a little bit of a fan of Vegas, but a yearly conference requires my attendance, so next year I'll study the maps a bit more and try it. I'm told sketchy is fine if I just run faster... I had not thought of this. I've never minded the walk. It seems a little on the whiney side now that we have a train to the airport we are going to complain about having to walk a few minutes. Count me out. I'm pretty happy with the train. It does take a long-ass time. If memory serves correctly, ST wanted to build the station into the airport's north non-satellite wing, but pending airport construction for upgrading capacity made the whole plan risky and pretty costly. At least there's now a plan to encase the whole walk and blast it with heat lamps. It feels longer than a 3:30min walk, especially after you've walked from the gates at the nether reaches of Seatac and ridden the airport train, then through the main terminal, etc.

There are certainly more important things to complain about, but it's not the most convenient airport/transit connection It's longer than three and a half minutes from the el stop *inside* O'Hare to any of the terminals. The light rail setup at SeaTac is just fine.  It may be three and a half minutes but I went from my house to my gate in 40 minutes, including a smoke break by using light rail. (Uber to Rainer beach station, train to the airport) and this was on the Saturday before Christmas last year.  This is good to see, thanks for posing Op!  I actually thought the walk was a good bit longer. The issue isn't really the 3 miniute walk outdoors through a wind-tunnel.  The issue is there's no clear distinct signage.  You need to figure out the stages - first Ground Transport - then look around.  Then see sign for Light Rail.  Then start down the trail.  Then on the trail, wonder to yourself if you missed it, because you just. keep.  walking.   Which is very non standard to most systems of this type I've seen in Asia or Europe especially, you get to see a well lit train plug into a well lit airport, not go outdoors and hike down a sidewalk to nowhere that "feels like I'm walking away from the airport, did I miss the train?"

Fuck the cabbie union and the Port of Seattle for this obstructed, long-winded solution.  Sure it "works" but it sucks balls by international standards. First time I ever took the train down to Seatac and I was on what seemed like the forever journey into the terminal, I started to wonder if I was lost it took so long. Seemed much longer than three and a half minutes. It almost stopped before it got to the airport when being built (Mall parking). We were pretty thankful it went through to the airport.  This goes through everyone's head when they arrive. I am sure. 
  Are these people who just want the lazy people sized conveyors to funnel them right to their plane? People need to get out and realize how much of an improvement this rail connection was from before. The station is where it is due to a combination of the Port wanting to protect it's parking revenue and homeland security requirements.  


That said, people who have difficulty getting around can schedule a free cart trip from the station to the terminal.  http://m.soundtransit.org/Rider-Guide/SeaTac-Airport-Station We should build light-rail so the stops are at the baggage claim.  You can dodge the trains as you fight for your bags.   So sounds like it isn't great for those with disabilities/small children/heavy luggage.

*That's* convenient. I'll just tell my disabled mother to man up and fight her degenerative muscular issues harder shall I? God forbid anyone not be a healthy young adult AND want to use public transport. [deleted] And the Oakland branch line is RIDICULOUSLY slow. >  This isn't at all bad. I challenge people to find a better system.

numerous airports worldwide have the train station plugged right into the airport, with clear signage, without needing to go outside in many cases.

Source: Have seen them in the past 2-3 years.


Opinion: Seatac's system is podunk and difficult to find for a first-time arrival, particularly if you're tired and just looking for big bright signs like they do in most airports saying TRAIN or EXPRESS TRAIN or something of that sort. You should visit Hong Kong, or Singapore. Actually, it is possible to walk from LAS, but quite hidden! My friend and I walked from the strip to the terminal when we flew out the last day. You have to take a super sketchy pathway along [Mariott Rd](https://www.google.com/maps/@36.0910149,-115.1492745,111m/data=!3m1!1e3) Can I get a source for those plans? If it's enclosed they should just add moving walkways. Pretty sure it was the terror, they didn't want anything train or otherwise to get close enough to explode. They may have rolled back the regulations since, but timing overlaps. Yes and midway is even longer.  I love the L and all, but there's no comparison of ORD and SEA. ORD is a massive beast, and the train station is at least fairly central between all the terminals.

/u/Alexm312 makes the far better argument here: the walk from train to TSA at MDW is easily 5+ minutes, despite the whole airport fitting within a couple city blocks. SeaTac is a cakewalk by comparison (with less confusing signs and better scenery on the walk to boot) Remember in the 80s when humans could paint lines on the ground and follow them? Anything seemed possible. If we didn't at least make *some* effort to treat transit users like they're second-class citizens newcomers might think they had accidentally crossed the border and were no longer in the US. Being disabled is a pain. But the line isn't where it is to screw the disabled. There are wheelchairs available. Assistants available. And an elevator. The walk is level. 
It is located where it is because of a multitude construction complexities in locating it anywhere else. Not to mention it is, well, built. So yeah, this is just all unnecessary whining. 
Now if you want to complain about the San Diego light rail locations by the airport. I'm all on board for vitriol again that brain hemorrhage.  >Wheelchair services: To your ticket counter from Link Light Rail, Rental Car Drop off or Parking Garage: Travelers must contact Prospect Airport Services at (206) 246-1550 to make a reservation prior to your arrival at the airport.
 OK, so where should they have put it? Should they have stop at both ends of the terminal? Should they run another underground tram like the ones that connect the terminal out to the light rail stop?

Would people be happy with a moving sidewalk? You could always dig five bucks out of your pocket and have a wheelchair pusher from the airport push her there.  Don't be cheap. Yeah, I mean I've done a bunch of European airport transit setups, and they're about equivalent.  MARTA is good though, although every white person in the city was terrified that I would ride it haha. Yep, the MARTA terminal in the airport is great, the rest of the system, not so much. The new line is OK, but when you had to take that shitty bus into the boonies right next to the Coliseum station...man That's a fair point, signage for it sucks.  But like others are saying, if you put windows on it, maybe a moving walkway, and improve signage, that's more than sufficient imo.  But I guess I'm able bodied so my experience isn't what makes it insufficient. Heathrow comes to mind.  what is so sketchy about that? 

>there isn't a non-sketchy way on/off, as in no real sidewalks or other infrastructure designed

I see a sidewalk on google earth. Sure its a maze but its there. 




Probably the best is Salt Lake, You have to drive your bike or walk on the secure airport  road and watch planes fly above your head as they land on the runway. Of course the gate is locked for some hours unless you get the special pass. (for the gate). That had to be the most crazy experience I ever went through. 



FYI,

Minneapolis is an airport you can't get to by foot or bicycle. And you have to walk just as far (plus take a train) to get to the train, to  get off the airport. 




  I got you:

[http://www.kiro7.com/news/local/port-to-make-decision-on-pricey-passenger-walkway-at-sea-tac-airport/469510613](http://www.kiro7.com/news/local/port-to-make-decision-on-pricey-passenger-walkway-at-sea-tac-airport/469510613) The primary reasons were cost, not wanting to impact airport operations, and the city of SeaTac's desire for the station to serve their city instead of just the airport.

[https://www.seattletransitblog.com/2013/07/05/the-walk-from-seatac/](https://www.seattletransitblog.com/2013/07/05/the-walk-from-seatac/)  Agreed, Midway is a better example. I think my point stands that SeaTac's setup is reasonable.  Yeah, all good and shit, but the world's airports typically have big ass bright signs with many helpful reminders, with consistency and above all placement of the directions.  The international traveler is often very woozy and out of the ability to think, quite possibly isn't speaking the same language, and quite possibly is just disoriented.

To them, we say ... hey, figure this shit out like a local, because you're not in friendly lands any more.

There are people who work for Heathrow, and Frankfurt, and Munich, and Incheon, and Tokyo Narita, and Schiphol, all of whom seem to have studied at the same school of crowd management and signage.

Seattle hasn't hired any of those people.  We seem to have made the style of signage up ourselves.  Which is typical of how we do things here, we tend to think our way's better even when it's not to any rational outside observer. I walk with a cane, but I don't need a wheelchair and the only time I have ridden in one was when I was being discharged from hospital.( it used to be protocol)

It is very important to me to hold onto as much independence as I can for as long as I can.

But poor design of transportation options makes that much more difficult. You think it's only reasonable to complain when someone maliciously tried to screw over disabled people? That's appalling.Its located where it is because making it easier to get to was not important enough to the decision makers. Saying "ok well disabled people are fucked again!" and moving on quietly is how you make sure that the same thing happens next time.    
I'm also pretty sure you can't get an airport wheelchair all the way to the station, but I'd love to be shown that you can. I think a major improvement would be to make wheelchair services on-demand or better advertised. That service is great and free, but I didn't know it existed until recently. I'd previously traveled with a broken leg, with a disabled mother, and a husband with a sprained ankle. I would have used it if I had known about it. Of course that's on me to do the research, and I regret not doing so. It just never occurred to me-- and that's something better advertising could address. Even a note by the airlines when you book your flight and request wheelchair assistance ... I didn't think to research terminal services because it never occurred to me that the airline wheelchair services would need to interface with a separate service.  Sure I could. In fact, I can (and do) just pay for cabs instead. Thanks for the reminder that I should just not give a shit about anyone who isn't rich!  It's all that, and it's the whole "just found room on the side of the car park" look and feel.

What it needs IMO:

1) Moving sidewalks

2) Brighter, more frequent signage - maybe with major airline locations and a map for along the path

3) Note when you plug into the gate you're greeted by a big sign that says ALASKA.  I'm an Alaska frequent flier, so this is great - but quite a few people arriving to the airport from overseas locations might not even be aware ALASKA doesn't refer to the 49th state.  

There needs to be big pedestrian-friendly guides on where to walk for every airline - the ALASKA sign is left over from the assumption you'd already be driving into the parking garage and have self-sorted by following driving signs back out at the entrance to the parking garage.  There's no signage that really helps the pedestrian arriving find their airline. Heathrow actually pays people to study crowd movement and to engineer signage in a consistent and pre-thought-out manner.

We don't really seem to do that here.  We seem to think "oh, everyone knows where to go, they'll figure it out."

Which is true if you're a seasoned local, and I am.  But I see how the world does its airport signage, and we are very mediocre at it.  We have many dead-ends and inconsistent label decision points we provide the international traveler.  It is anything but a smooth transition from the plane to light rail.  you literally have to just figure out by guesswork at some of the points on your required path. I just went through Heathrow a few weeks ago. Getting from Terminal 2 to the Underground station or Heathrow Express required a lot of moving walkway time and at least two sets of lifts, as I recall, and that's all past baggage claim and customs. I don't know that it was objectively any shorter or less of a hassle than at Seatac.

Where Heathrow excelled (IMO) was in wayfinding: we seldom wondered if we were going the right way. (Although if you wanted to save about £20 per head by taking Heathrow Connect instead of Heathrow Express, you were on your own: all of the signage was for Heathrow Express.) I don't worry about this at Seatac, but I've made that long, cold walk through the parking garage many times; I can easily see visitors getting lost or not knowing whether they're going the right way. Dayton, OH is a helluva airport to get to by anything but car. The only way in is through "Airport Access Road" which is a (from memory, I haven't lived there for a couple years) 4-6 lane highway with only two exits other than parking lots: National Road (which has no sidewalks in that area - I used to live across the street and my walks would always stop just east of the bridge), and I-70 (obviously a pedestrian mecca).

Bus access 3x a day, grand total. lol.

SeaTac's transit/walkability isn't quite as good as O'Hare (arguable, but I'm trying to think proportionally to size of airport here), but I'd call it on-par with Midway (I now live in Chicago so I've gotten some chances to try both). It's a world above what some other places have, though. Thanks! Its capitalism man! Why waste money on slow passengers? 

I am pretty sure you have at least 3 bureaucracys that would have to sort it out, Sound transit owns the station and train, and I bet the first part of the ramp. I believe the whole garage is leased out to a parking company, because small government is better. And finally the terminal and walk over tunnels are owned by the port.

I am sure they all have separate guidelines on colors, height widths and how to refer to genders in messaging. Expect a fix around 2034, after they get some more focus groups on it. > Wheelchair services: To your ticket counter from Link Light Rail, Rental Car Drop off or Parking Garage: Travelers must contact Prospect Airport Services at (206) 246-1550 to make a reservation prior to your arrival at the airport.

thanks /u/snapshotist  It would be a lot cheaper than a cab.  Sorry the train doesn't go directly to the airplane seat. > ALASKA

"How fucking far did I just walk?" I remember flying through Heathrow many years ago, and it was a trainwreck. Is it better now? I'm just talking about the train station in the airport.  Could be worse I guess. I'm pretty sure LAX hires people who've studied that shit and has them use their knowledge for evil. This is distressingly observant.   Dude you want me to cheap out on my mom now? Jeez. > I remember flying through Heathrow many years ago, and it was a trainwreck. Is it better now?

Was for me.  I've watched The Airport, so I know what I'm talking about :)   Also have been in over 20 international airports in the past 2 years.  There's a definite consistency and crowd management science they use that we don't seem to be.  I could explain it better walking around showing it.  Basically, the minute you depart your plane to the minute you leave the envelope of the airport, all sign sizes, styles, placement, and language / terminology must be identical in all cases.

We have 3 points I can think of that this isn't the case - from the International arrival, which is just a shitshow here, to Ground/Baggage, to the Light Rail which we call Link on the signs but never actually mention the word Rail.   Our Link signage is small and not easily locatable until you are out in the parking lot - which is not an intuitive place to be if you're back at baggage.  We have one static unlit sign saying Link, followed by a long ass sidewalk without moving conveyors that just looks like it's a temporary fix, not a permanent managed crowd path.  Stuff like that. Please airport signage people, read this ^ 