Awful Teen Robs Woman In Wheelchair For Her iPad…Twice  Well I can't deny that I would have genuinely bet $50 that I was about to read the words "black male" [removed] I knew teenager. I figured white though because it seemed like maybe a dumb 16 year ols to hit the same house twice. I would not use my ipad outside after the first incident. Good to be aware of your subconscious bias, so you can make conscious efforts to combat it. I knew teenager. I figured white though because it seemed like maybe a dumb 16 year old to hit the same house twice. I would not use my ipad outside after the first incident. Betting that the KOMO article about it omits that detail is a sure thing. Not that the description of the suspect in this case is much beyond the color of his skin, so it's not exactly a useful detail...  Get the fuck out of my city. Well my girlfriend is black. Am I still biased or am I just acknowledging statistics. Serious question. I mean, at what point can one say "OK maybe there's something to these statistics.."? Something like 90% of the most violent countries on earth are South American/Latin American. Are we not allowed to acknowledge the implications of that statistic either? Comment removed; please click the "report" link for any posts with bigotry in them.  Thank you! [removed] If you are saying that certain races are biologically more predisposed to crime, which I know completely you are not, but many that chime into crime related threads often do to reaffirm some sort of self-perceived moral superiority do, you'd be foolishly wrong.

There are reasons to these statistics and to oversimplify them would be not only intellecually lazy but also morally pretentious. It definitely isn't a city for people like you. yah. *I'm* being pretentious. I'd probably hate it in your fantasy world where everyone is created equal Lol. The Seattle Freeze? Nobody likes talking to each other.... uhh. Dammit, dude, can you freaking read? I wasn't talking about you specifically but rather those that **DO** generalize and frequent similar threads with said generalizations, armed with statistics but with entirely no curiosity behind he root cause of why those statistics exist. but I *was* suggesting that certain people are more biologically predisposed toward violence than others. If we can accept that a certain race is predisposed towards athleticism why can't we accept that a certain race might be predisposed towards violence?  Unless you are professionally involved in the scientific study of genetics and biology, then you have absolutely no skin in the game. No pun intended. 

And further, specific races are not predisposed to athleticism, otherwise only one race would dominate in all Olympic events, if you are going to cover the full spectrum. That is about as far from reality as it gets.

Why are we even discussing this subject matter generally found on white nationalist racist websites such as Stormfront? Here you make an entire point based around the idea that "athleticism" is a single, measurable quality. The olympics host dozens of different events. A predisposition for "athleticism" wouldn't mean that one athletic race would certainly excel at all events.

Why don't we turn this around and talk about why blacks dominate the NBA and NFL while blacks and latin americans dominate the MLB. Is it just some massive coincidence that they're all awesome at sports while excellent white players are less common? Do white American children not have access to the necessary means to learn baseball? What could possibly be the explanation? 