Magic Wheelchair Costume Reveal Hi all,
I am a volunteer builder for Magic Wheelchair, and we build EPIC costumes for kids in wheelchairs. You can see some here:

www.magicwheelchair.org

This Sunday we will be presenting 2 costumes for Seattle kids this year. Here is the FB invite for anyone who wants to come down, it should be a lot of fun.

https://www.facebook.com/events/657354977746687/

thanks
 Damn, if I had even the slightest artistic skill[zilch] (and still lived in Seatown) I'd be there everyday to make these dreams happen! What opportunities are availed of a 40yo disabled former techie (ibm, m'soft) in SpoCompton? I'm fixed income, utterly artistically incompetent, and can't provide monetary help, but want to provide this kind of joy to children in particular. Is there a Spokane affiliate that I can provide my primarily IT(and data analytics) skillbase to?  As with most volunteer/ charity work, enthusiasm trumps skills any day of the week. I'm not sure if there is SpoCompton (HA) team as of yet. There are build teams all over the country, and I am sure there will be even more next year. 
All non-profits run on PR and fundraising, so there is always opportunity for that. Go to the MW site, and there is a volunteer application to fill out, and see what can happen from there. 
At least find us on face book and follow along, and if you know any kids, have them submit for a costume. We actually had a hard time finding kids this year. I'm anti-facebook/social media. Anytime you aren't the target of advertisement means you ARE the advertisement. That = NO! 

I'm so proud/thankful that you responded. I'm in need of something to do with my life and this really REALLY fits the bill. I'm gonna keep my fingers crossed that something will come up in SpoCompton (though my own organizational skills/capabilities are VERY limited) BUT put me on the contact list when someone with a brain to match their heart shows up in Spokane! 

(TL;DR) I can't organize shit but I'm a GREAT cheerleader!  