bringing giant groups of 50 kids on the bus during peak hours why is this allowed? It's public transit.  They're the public. Why shouldn't it be allowed?  Are you special because you work?  Don't like it?  Get off the bus and Uber it you pretentious prick. Because they have the right to use *public* transit whenever it is most convenient for them, just as you do. Kids are just as much part of the public as you, the morning commuter, are. 

Do you also whine about people in wheelchairs who take extra time to get safely aboard, and take up three seats' worth of space? Or old ladies who need the wheelchair ramp lowered for their granny carts, and the seats folded up to accommodate them? If there was a major event happening that day, and 50 extra adults got on your bus, would you be bitching about them, too? 

Yeah, I know--having a huge posse of schoolkids get on your bus can be annoying. I take the 44 between Ballard and the U-District once a week, and plenty of school/day camp outings to and from the Zoo use that route. But again--they're as much part of the public as you or me, and have every right to be there, so I just roll with it. I sure as fuck don't get so bent out of shape about it that I whine about it on Reddit.  Would you rather have giant groups of 50 parents pick up their kids in their cars during peak hours? I believe it is possible to even contact metro ahead of time to let them know a large group is riding the bus. I can't find the link. Either way, if they pay the fair they have just as much of a right to ride as you.  Better that than 50 cars of parents using their toddlers as means of using what HOV lanes remain. I am surprised anyone would take the chance 50 seats would be available when they needed them for a group that big. I would think chartering a bus would be easier.  What if there are less than 50 spots available on the bus you want to take, what do you do then, split up the group?  When you get off the bus, do you hold it up so you can count all 50 kids and ensure they all got off at the stop?

Forget the issues regarding other passengers - managing this many little humans on public transportation sounds like a logistical nightmare for the person responsible for bringing them home in one piece. PUBLIC. TRANSIT. PUBLIC. no complaining about annoying things allowed! Thaaaank you.  > If there was a major event happening that day, and 50 extra adults got on your bus, would you be bitching about them, too? 

yes.  annoying things are annoying.   yes because ill be in the bus lane Were you expecting upvotes for acting entitled? Often times, so will they isn't that how this subreddit works? You tell me. Is it working? depends on the thread 