How wheelchair/handicap friendly is Seattle?  All the busses / light rain are handicap accessible, almost all public areas have ramped curbs, all modern buildings are up to ADA standards. Depending on where you live/work/visit on a daily basis, the hills are rather steep. If you have an unpowered chair it's some work to get up and down those hills safely. Even if hills aren't an everyday thing, a fifth powered wheel can help a lot. A lot of North Seattle streets do not have sidewalks.  There are a lot of places that follow the letter of the ADA requirements, but don't fully get the concept...things like having the legal number of disabled parking spaces, but they're ALWAYS full (like Valley Medical Center); or having a bathroom that's technically accessible, but it's a long way from the disabled seating,  and hard to get to, like up a ramp that's packed with people (I'm looking at you, Moore Theater); or selling out of accessible seating over a month before a concert, when there are still plenty of regular seats available, and telling me, oh, yeah, that ALWAYS happens (that would be you, Snoqualmie Casino).  But I don't imagine that's all that uncommon anywhere!  In general, they do at least seem to follow ADA guidelines. The Seattle Public Library has a Library Equal Access Program (LEAP) with weekly drop-in assistive technology labs at the Central Library, along with a low vision book group and some ASL story times. http://www.spl.org/audiences/library-equal-access-program-(leap)/leap-calendar Even in a powered chair, it can be dangerous in the rain.  My old apartment complex had a moderately steep pathway.  One day, my husband pulled in to find our wheelchair-bound neighbor struggling to get up the hill. He kept sliding backwards.  Took three guys to help get him up the hill.   How is it their fault if people use their parking spaces or buy their tickets?

Isn't that the whole point of providing them? Yeah...but if you can see that your disabled parking is always full up, and people are constantly late for appointments and telling you they had trouble finding accessible parking...or you regularly sell all the accessible seats in your venue, long before the other seating is full, and you're turning away disabled customers with credit cards in hand...then it's not hard to tell that you've underestimated the demand for those accessible accommodations.  Sure, you may be within the letter of the law, but you're not fulfilling the spirit.  You're clearly not adequately serving your disabled customers, and you're turning away their business.  That isn't ethical, *or* good business practice.

I'm not even saying that businesses should always be expected to make major changes to their facilities to increase accessibility, above and beyond ADA.  The Moore is an old building that dates back well before accessibility was required by law--it would take a hell of a lot of major work to make it truly accessible.  But if you have accessibility issues, don't tell people who call and ask about it that oh, sure, we're TOTALLY accessible, not a bit of problem!!  And as for the Snoqualmie Casino...it opened in 2008, in a brand new building.  There's no excuse for their lack of adequate accessible concert seating.. You know that also happens with non-disabled parking and tickets, too, right?

It's not because they aren't setting enough aside, it's because you live in a crowded city. How about you actually read what I wrote before responding, and come back and then we'll talk about it? 