A unique opportunity to the physically disabled of the Seattle area Hey r/Seattle!

A little about me: I AMA guy who was diagnosed with a degenerative neuromuscular condition. At the time of my diagnosis I was morbidly obese. In response to being diagnosed, I shed 200lbs and decided to dive into a sport where I could represent the community of folks with my condition. I randomly tried indoor rock climbing one day and fell in love with the sport soon after. I've competed in National and World Championship sport paraclimbing competitions and I've been climbing for a few years now.

Climbing changed my life, and the community within the sport as well as the Para-Athletic community has given me so much  I am starting a local adaptive sport climbing organization and am reaching out to local community for those with disabilities who are interested in trying something new. This is my attempt to teach someone else the things I've learned, and hopefully share with them the life altering experiences I have had. 



If you, or someone you know has a physical disability and you are interested in trying indoor rock climbing in a safe and friendly environment, you can contact me and we'll set something up and try to get you on the wall. I can facilitate a variety of ParaClimbing styles. I've seen the following types of ParaClimbers;

Visual Impairment (ranging from total blindness to partial impairment) 

Upper Extremity Amputee (missing an arm, hand, or a combination of those. Yes, I've even seen rock climbers missing both arms)

Lower Extremity Amputee (Above OR below knee amputee)

Seated (paraplegic, quadriplegic, paralysis, missing both legs, etc

Neuro & Physical disability (Cerebral Palsy, Muscular Dystrophy, MS, etc) 



Please feel free to PM me or respond here if you or someone you know may be interested. I am teaching the very basics of climbing and inviting any interested folks to weekly climbing sessions. 



Disclaimer for mods: I am not profiting from this whatsoever. I do not represent an organization, nor am i promoting for an organization. This is the benefit the disabled community of the Pacific Northwest who may enjoy a brand new experience. 

 My fiance has AVN (Avascular Necrosis) and just had both of his hips replaced within the last year. He was in a wheelchair for 21 months leading up to his first hip replacement. He used to rock climb and hike including the Pinnacles and hiking rim-to-rim in the grand canyon. 

He is now 12 weeks post-op from his second hip replacement and doing great but he is still limited. Once he is fully recovered, we would be very interested. Because of his prosthetics there are precautions he has to take to avoid dislocation so it would have been difficult for us to seek help with climbing from anyone who isn't familiar with limitations. 

We are interested!

Thank you for being willing to share your knowledge! I am sure it will give many people freedom and joy! I would love to try this! I am a stroke survivor (5 years this October), and I have right-sided weakness. I use a KAFO on the right leg and can walk unassisted, although I usually rely on forearm crutches for stability. I still keep the wheelchair around for backup and travel, although it mostly gets used now as a wheelbarrow to get groceries up to my apartment! :) I look forward to hearing from you. I wish him a speedy recovery, and good health and i look forward to hearing from you guys! I'll PM you my email so you can keep in touch :)  Happy to hear from you, and i will PM you my contact information now! Thanks! 