What are some things my crutch-bound friend and I can experience in Seattle?? My friend and I have been entertaining the idea of a road trip to Seattle and Portland almost all year, and as soon as we started planning, she went and got her foot broken at a club! We almost just cancelled the trip all together but after a lot of deliberation and discussion we figured we’d just make it work! One thing we’re having trouble figuring out is seeing a waterfall. You see, that was one of the only things she was adamant about from the beginning of planning this trip. We’re hoping, that what we’re hoping for isn’t out of the realm of possibility lol and google searches aren’t really giving us solid answers. Is there any waterfalls that you know of that aren’t a far walk from where we would be parking? She might have a knee scooter, she might get a wheelchair or she might just have to manage on crutches.. and she isn’t very confident on crutches! We’re hoping that will change in the next two weeks before our trip but if anyone has any recommendations as to some pretty waterfalls or scenery we could see that would be close to the parking lot, it would be greatly appreciated! Also, if you guys only had two days to spend experiencing Seattle, how would you spend that time? What do we absolutely have to see? We’re staying in Lynnwood so it doesn’t have to be solely Seattle recommendations.. Thanks!  Snoqualmie falls. There is a viewing area right off the parking lot. If you don't mind a drive, check out Deception Pass, huge bridge with some great walking (hobbling) views, people just park at either end and walk out on it.  I believe this was the waterfall she wanted to see initially! Awesome! Thank you! Hahaha yeah hobbling is probably the right term! Woah I just searched it up, it’s beautiful! I was thinking of doing something like this before the incident lol that looks like the bridge from stand by me  Google map "Lynnwood to Snoqualime" and take the back route that goes through Woodinville (where you will find wineries) then down to Fall City (where you will find a decent dive bar called the Raging River and a greasy hamburger stand called Small Fries). The interstate is boring and this is a pretty drive on a sunny day.


You can hit I-90 to 405 back to catch something for food or drinks in Bellevue (yuppie city) or go back down 202 and find somewhere in Redmond (yuppie town).  Oh wow! Thanks for the details, I’m super into taking the back roads this is great!! 