Family Panhandling Trend Is anyone else as concerned as I about the growing trend of taking your tiny tots out with you to panhandle? A few years ago every panhandler in our area had a dog. The past couple of years they all had disabilities - a walker, wheelchair, oxygen tank, etc. But this year they all have small children in tow! On one of our scorching hot summer days there was a family outside Costco with a toddler and a baby and they were still there over an hour later when I came back out! A couple of nights ago there was a family there after dark in a heavy rain with a baby in a car seat! (I called the police to report that one.) I thought maybe it was just a local thing but my daughter lives in Colorado Springs and saw a family with a small child outside Walmart today. It is very cold and the wind in blowing hard so my daughter asked why they had their child outside in the cold and the father replied, "Because no one would give us any money if it was just me." She said they should take their daughter out of the cold and he replied, "F*&$ You!"

I think this is a form of child abuse that needs to be addressed! [deleted] What drives me crazy about this is when I see them taking their kids to panhandle on school days.  If they were really homeless, I'd like to think the kids could get free or cheap breakfast and lunch at school.  As a society we've become jaded and bitter as hell. 20 years ago if most of us saw a family panhandling we'd hand them money, get them groceries, etc. I realize a crap ton are doing it for kicks, supplementing income, whatever but every time I see a family out there I do wonder if they are actually in need. Most folks these days live with the reality of paycheck to paycheck, so they could have genuinely been blindsided by job loss and a month fresh out on an ave somewhere. So many shelters have closed in the city, so many places not accepting families (mom and child in one, dad in another) that alone is scary as hell. Imagine just losing a job, a home, a car, no way to make it through another week then have to say goodbye to your spouse and kid each night and not sleep worrying if someone is hurting them while they're in a shelter across town. I know I'm Debbie downer on this, yeah I've seen the kids not far out of high school asking for change, looking like ravers, baby in stroller, and that crap at westlake. But I've also seen the scared as shit looking woman and man holding their kid as close as humanly possible with a barely audible "please help". Those folks, they get whatever I have in cash that day, too many blue collar and white collar even on the streets and no clue how the hell to navigate after having the rug pulled out from under them. [Maybe bring it up with cps instead of posting it here.](https://www.dshs.wa.gov/ca/child-safety-and-protection/how-report-child-abuse-or-neglect) confirmation bias [deleted] [removed] noticed that last year downtown (3rd & Pine) - dragging their crotchspawn along to beg makes me ignore them even harder. First off OP your looking at the problem from privileged eyes. Your not homeless and have no ideal what it takes to survive. Your assuming this is child abuse because you don't like what you see and thats the true face of homelessness and destitute so you'd rather arrest the problem away so you don't have to see it. I've been to countries where children beg in order to survive. It's truly heart breaking to see a half naked child laying in a filthy street with their hand out stretched and that look of true desperation and sadness.

For us the problem lies with those giving them the money. As long as they are getting paid to stand out there they will continue the behavior. Much like the argument over ending prostitution, it's the Johns' fault prostitution exists. If we did't have all these horny men willing to pay for sex we wouldn't have women selling themselves. Same applies for panhandling, the people handing out free money are enabling them and therefore the cause of the problem (if it's really a problem to begin with).

I live in Renton and everyday I pass a mother in a wheel chair and her 12-13 year old daughter standing next to her at the intersection of S 180th and East Valley Rd. and every day I see $20 bills being passed out the window to the daughter and can't help to think this is why she has to stand out there everyday. They've been doing this for years, use to be the father in a wheel chair and the mother standing at his side, they would switch off on occasion with mother sitting and father standing. Now daddy is gone it's mother sits and daughter stands but the daughter is never allowed to sit, so she stands all day. They live in an RV down by the Shell station off of 88th st. I may be part of the problem. I tend to give them money so they'll take the kids in faster.  Ask them how much they want for their kid.  Someone should make an app for that: Toddlr Its all about that passive income I just wish there were a way to keep my infants young forever. The revenue stream quickly dries up as they get older and I feel a little bit guilty when I abandon them a half block from the hospital and tell them which way to walk to find help. Perhaps, but 20 years ago they weren't on *every* street corner. Anecdotally, I've noticed a particular uptick in the last five years or so. I'm not sure what changed in that time....I see some today on roads that barely qualify as an arterial and wonder - is it really that lucrative? Bonus points to the ones with smartphones! I once corrected my dad when he told a person begging for money "Go get a job!"

I told him "You have no idea that they don't have one. You have no idea if they've tried or not. You don't know their circumstances, don't talk to someone that way." He realized his mistake, and apologized to me for the way he reacted. I explained to him to keep those thoughts to himself and just ignore the person in the future so he doesn't sound so hateful toward someone he doesn't know. 20-30 years ago it possibly *was* a family down on their luck.

At some point between then and now, hustlers and other degenerates figured out it was an easy way to make cash. Just dirty yourself up and make it seem you're homeless, and people will feel guilted into giving you money. It still works, in some part because panhandlers have developed improved techniques and tricks (including using children as a sympathy prop) to guilt and pressure passers by into giving them change... though the continued (and now almost certainly false) public perception of the plight of the average panhandler certainly helps their self-marketing. [Panhandlers mostly have homes, and are doing it to supplement their income](http://guff.com/how-to-combat-fake-homeless-people-a-panhandling-protocol).

[A recent Think Progress piece attempting to debunk that reality](http://thinkprogress.org/economy/2013/10/30/2856411/panhandling-stats/) was massively skewed by the fact that GLS research was surveying the panhandlers directly, who obviously were going to lie about being homeless (why in the hell would most of them admit they weren't? Only a few admitted they weren't). GLS made no other effort to verify the information they were given. Give money to organizations, not to panhandlers.  All you're doing is keeping that kid out in the cold when they need to be in a shelter or something.  Plus it's like a 50/50 shot if those parents are horrible people who are using their kid as a sob story to obtain money, or good people who got into a bad situation.  You're not going to know which is which when you just give your own money away to a random stranger when you can actually do research on an organization to make sure your money is going to where it should go. [deleted] Just feed them stimulants. Lots of coffee, cigs and crack.  They will look a bit old but won't grow. 

The big mistake we made on our first was to feed him well.  He grew too big too quick.  The only use at that point was to claim he was a year older and developmentally disabled. I always try to give people the information to a local shelter or organizations that can actually help them.  The people who really need help are always the ones who are totally unprepared.  Sometimes I look at people who are nicely dressed and realize I'm judging them, but honestly, sometimes you see people in the shelter who became homeless just minutes ago and are at the line where they can easily get back on their feet with just a little help.

Also, you never know, that homeless person could be mentally ill and could hurt you. Telling someone to get a job is hateful now? I've hung out with a few train hopping panhandlers, I wouldn't say they are bad people, but they are lazy and have a million bullshit excuses as to why they don't work. A couple actually need help, but most of the ones I've hung out with were just lazy kids who thought society owed them something. I saw a neighbor down the street, panhandling on Beacon Hill and Columbia. I can verify that people do in fact have homes and beg for money. She's been seen outside my house smoking cigarettes on a leisure walk. So I skip giving anyone money now, because I just don't know where it goes. I'm fairly sure she's not using it for drugs at least, so there is that. > Panhandlers mostly have homes, and are doing it to supplement their income.

The article you linked to doesn't even make this claim, it just cites 2 individual cases.

That being said, a lot of people you see panhandling aren't homeless, but it's not like they're living it up like the people in the article you linked to. For example, a lot of the people panhandling down in Pioneer Square live at [The Morrison](https://www.google.com/search?q=Morrison+Seattle). [deleted] Your ideas suck. Telling someone you don't know, yeah. You don't know that they don't have a job.  Worth noting that people give money to panhandlers thinking they're homeless. If they knew they weren't homeless, they wouldn't give a shit. I've lurked on this subreddit prior to my account creation long enough and seen enough of your posts to know that if that was true you would have mentioned it long before now. You're not a guy who keeps secrets. But you are a guy who has trolled reddit (let alone this subreddit) so much that you've been shadowbanned at least once.

Even if you did actually panhandle while being homeless, a) you're an exception to the rule; pretty much all of the panhandlers you see are not homeless, and b) your decision to do so wasn't a great decision, especially given how much competition you had in the neighborhood among professional panhandlers. Most homeless don't bother panhandling for that reason and others. Any of a number of services could have helped you much better. If they are begging on the corner yeah, its reasonable to assume they don't have a job. I can confirm that /u/Derrickito1 was homeless for at least one whole week!

 well that's just a dumb assumption. i wouldn't assume you know everything about someone because you've read a handful of comments from them

when you're cold and hungry and sleeping in a ditch, all the services in the world won't help you in that moment. and it doesn't help when people like you keep perpetuating myths that they all make 100k a year. most of them doing that are actually just cold and hungry and sleeping on the street and could use a bite to eat. something that you have in abundance makes all the difference in the world for someone that has nothing.

 Thanks to all his "friends" for not letting him crash or eat at their place! that particular episode backfired spectacularly! :) > well that's just a dumb assumption.

It's based on a sizable volume of observational evidence, most of which was documented before your previous account was shadowbanned.

You never brought it up before. I have a hard time, given how readily you share information, believing that this is true and you just never mentioned it before now. Also, never seeing you stick up for panhandlers or share your experience in the other 346734672 panhandling threads /r/seattle has ever had. You absolutely would have stuck up for it or mentioned this before now if it were true. [deleted] i guess it's real hard for your little brain to wrap around the idea that there is more to people than what they share in a few characters on a message board. but thems the truths. 

 taco time >Also, never seeing you stick up for panhandlers or share your experience in the other 346734672 panhandling threads /r/seattle has ever had. You absolutely would have stuck up for it or mentioned this before now if it were true.

I stand by the assertion that you are probably lying to troll a discussion. You would have mentioned this long before now if it was true, and are not the kind of person who would have kept that kind of thing a secret in a prior /r/seattle panhandling discussion. But carry on. In lieu of gifts, we're asking guests for Mexi-Fries. i don't remember ever having any type of discussion about panhandling in depth or even very lightly on reddit. your persistence to a false assumption is fucking blockheaded to a fault.

if you ever meet me in real life, i'll happily share some stories about my take on the subject and my experiences with it (both real, and project based as lightly cited above), im easy enough to find. i don't know why you keep drilling into ME on this subject. the point i was trying to make (and would like to reiterate) is that it's bullshit assuming that everyone panhandling is making almost a 6 figure salary. that's absolutely mind boggling. 