Suggestion for elderly visitors? Hey guys, I know you guys hate these kinds of questions, frankly I do too... but my grandparents in their late 80s - early 90s are coming over from Korea and I want them to have a good time. 

Aside from all the typical touristy stuff like seeing the Space Needle, Farmer's Market, etc., what places are good to bring around elderly tourists? It also needs to be wheelchair accessible for most of the time, as my grandmother will be in one as much as possible. Food suggestions that might sit better for older people would be greatly appreciated as well.

So far, we're planning on going to Mariner's game, the view point from Columbia tower (that's what it called iirc), and stroll around the pier maybe...

Thanks very much in advance! Ballard Locks. Stairlessness from the entrance to Commodore Park.

 On a nice day out the Bainbridge Island ferry are the best views of the city hands down and only around $7 round trip per person.  The Volunteer Park Conservatory?

Ps when you go to the game, call ahead about the wheelchair and staff with help out in any way possible. If your grandparents are into plants they might enjoy the arboretum. Very calm and relaxing, also free. When my mom came to visit a while back, we took a ferry over to Bainbridge Island and visited the [Bloedel Reserve](http://bloedelreserve.org/).  It's an old lumber baron's estate that's been opened to the public.  The grounds are a mix of manicured gardens and natural second-growth woodlands.  My mom loved it.  She wasn't in a wheelchair, but she couldn't walk great distances or handle any kind of rough terrain, and she did fine.  The website says that you can call ahead and the staff can give you maps and suggested routes through the garden that are accessible to wheelchairs and require the least amount of walking.  They also have wheelchairs to loan, if you need to borrow one. >It also needs to be wheelchair accessible for most of the time, as my grandmother will be in one as much as possible.

Any of the museums should be good for wheelchair access. Personally I found the Aquarium a bit rough for mobility due to the carpeting, especially on the one long spiral ramp that seems to be at fairly steep incline, and the sheer number of doors and tight turns.

The Pacific Science Center is currently having an exhibit of the Terracotta Warriors and the MoPOP is having a special Jim Henson exhibit. When you get to Bainbridge there is a lovely garden called Bloedel Reserve the grandparent types love! The Japanese Garden in particular is nice (though if your parents have memories of Japan's occupation of Korea during the war it might be worth skipping.) But not as convenient for wheelchairs. 