Crutches in vegas? Hi guys,

I will be going to vegas this week and I am currently on crutches (tore my left calf last week).

Has anyone been in a similar situation? If so, I imagine crutching around the strip is a pain. Even if I plan on spending a lot of my time playing poker or just hanging out, I would imagine just crutching around the strip is exhausting.

Is it worth getting a wheelchair? Scooter? Thoughts and suggestions? Thanks. If you can get a scooter, you will have a much better time.   Like /u/3noir said, even the lobbies may require a lot of walking before you can get to your room.   I just searched "Las vegas scooter rental" and found a place that will deliver it to your hotel room. As everyone else has said, get a scooter. This place is misleadingly huge. Most people get tuckered out even walking unhindered.  Vegas requires a shit-ton of walking.  Even to get through most lobbies may require more than you may want to do. I was on crutches here 10 years ago in December and it was horrible! We were at a lot of off strip hotels (Station and Boyd properties) and almost all had wheelchairs to loan while I was there. I found we could even call ahead and reserve one. 
Good luck!! Yes, rent a scooter.  

A very distant second choice would be to rent a wheelchair as long as you have someone to push it for you.

One of the problems with crutches are the crowds.  In general, they will make space for a scooter or wheelchair, but it doesn't take much to bump into someone on crutches.  If your injured leg is still painful, the scooter or wheelchair will minimize accidental bumps.

You may want to get a temporary disabled placard if you plan to drive.  It's still a long hike from a casino parking garage into the poker room or hotel room, but will help. I live here, and I badly broke my leg this year, a couple of surgeries. I have a scooter that is steerable look on amazon for steerable medical scooter and you will find one. My insurance company paid for mine, I just had to request it. It has been a life saver, I was on it after just a couple of weeks. Don't get a power one that you can rent that is for lazy/old people!

Questions PM me. You can rent scooters at the concierge of your hotel. I had to do that at NyNy years ago and it was super easy. Only about 70 a day $70/day? I'm booking a room in Treasure Island for $70 a day.

found sites where i can rent for $45 for 4 days 3 nights. Are you sure you spent $70? is this an electric scooter? It was super last minute and it was only needed for 2 days. Plenty of people spend more gambling in an hour.  Other person probably rented directly from the hotel  