Going to be in Vegas November 6-8 and it will be first time. Is the strip pretty wheelchair friendly? I'm flying to San Diego on November 5th for a Packers game. I figured out that it would be cheaper to stay in Vegas (with flight and hotel) than stay in San Diego for the remaining 2 nights. I'm a paraplegic and use a manual wheelchair. Is Vegas pretty wheelchair friendly? I will be able to handle pushing long distances, I have good arm muscles, so that is no concern for me. Thanks for the help and I can't wait to experience Vegas! this isn't something I've ever really thought about other than noticing that harrah's has special blackjack tables that are wheelchair accessible near the front door. they're a little bit lower than the other tables and there is a seat that is required to be kept open for handicapped players. aside from that, getting from one place to another on the strip itself, I would mention that the crowds on the sidewalks can be really chaotic so keep aware of your surroundings. Most of the casinos here have automatic doors and the entire Strip is wheelchair accessible so you shouldn't have much of a problem with that. Also, most table games are wheelchair friendly so there shouldn't be much issue there. Where I think you might have a problem is with the foot traffic. It can get quite dense at nights. So plan your trip to avoid the walkways between around 11:00PM and 3:00AM. Have a good trip. I don't think you'll have any trouble getting around. I helped push an elderly relative in a wheelchair while on the strip and often found the elevators with ease.  When there are only a few stairs, there is almost always a ramp next to them (at least the 4 or 5 places that come to mind). As for gambling, Allisonaxe is right about the blackjack tables. I'd also mention you'll have no troubles getting to the sports book. It'll be kind of a bitch if you're a slot machine player, though, because you'll have to move a chair everytime you play a new slot; depending on the casino, those chairs might be pretty heavy and/or cumbersome.

In the 90s when Vegas tried to be more family-friendly, I think it did good things for wheelchair access because it also meant it was easier for parents with strollers to get around. I might just be pulling that out of my ass, but I think that makes sense. As everyone else has said, very wheelchair accessible. The crowds will be an issue, but there are ramps everywhere, or elevators.  you'll be fine Thanks for the inputs! :)
I don't fear foot traffic, the foot traffic should fear me. I have wheels that can run you over! Haha the stip seems to have elevators for every overpass, and all entrances to the casinos had ramps... other than just the insane amount of people in your way, i think you should be ok.. Nothing to add, just have a great time while you are here. I'm from California, just leaving. I saw many wheelchairs and motorized wheelchairs everywhere. Elevators and ramps are available everywhere and if you get stuck somewhere just ask for help- most people are friendly and most staff are willing to bend over backwards to help patrons. Considering the number of mofos I see riding those things, it *HAS* to be. I've been to a couple casinos here in Wisconsin and only play the slots. I had no trouble moving the chairs around. I'm not good at card games, so I might avoid them.  Thanks, I'm sure I will! Thanks for the heads up! I wish I could take my electric wheelchair out there, but it would be impossible to get it on six different planes over the course of 4 days. THen you are going to have an awesome trip! Be sure to check the sidebar FAQ for some great ideas of things to do while you're here (can't recommend Penn&Teller enough) Have fun, and never "max bet". Where are you from that you're taking so many planes? Thanks. I've looked through the side bar and other people's submission. I searched for this topic and didn't see any in regards to wheelchair ease. I figured I'd look through the suggestions rather than asking the question for the millionth time here. 

The three of us are looking at getting tickets for Love on the Monday night. They are so expensive. We might do that ticket place where you buy the tickets the day of for up to 50% off. Thanks for the tip.
My flight plan for the four days are: Milwaukee->Houston->San Diego->Vegas->San Diego->Phoenix->Milwaukee That makes sense. I hope you have a good time. Thanks! Can't wait for the trip! 