Fund To Help Buy Wheelchair-Accessible Cabs Entirely Unspent In D.C.  As someone in a wheelchair, I cannot tell you how incredibly frustrating all of this is Having worked for a cab company in the past, I can say there's often more than a little justifiable resistance for cab companies to interface with the government.

That's my guess as to why this went untouched.  I'm not saying it's a great thing, but that would be a perfectly acceptable explanation to me. This does not surprise me in the least. So the gov will rescind the funds when? Do you cab a lot?  What about a driver assist into the seat and then store the wheelchair in the trunk? I assume that won't work for everyone but seems like a viable option. 

Don't mean to come off like a dick, honest questions! I've just never thought about it. 

Man, so many more questions! My takeaway from the article is that the DCTC never even bothered to establish a process for distributing the grants. The rationale behind ADA requirements is to to allow disabled people to maintain the same level of dignity and independence as everyone else. 

I believe your post was well-intentioned but asking wheelchair-bound people to rely on having taxi drivers carry them out of their chair doesn't align with the spirit of accessibility laws. I'm in a power wheelchair, so it isn't a scenario where I can transfer in and out of the chair, unfortunately. In New York, the handicap accessible taxis show up on Uber (I still have to pay cab fares, but it makes them easy to track down), In DC, the odds that I'd be able to get one without scheduling in advanced is pretty much impossible.

I just kinda have to rely on Metro and the bus, which are super fun and dependable.

 Yes-- not to mention that in my experience taxi drivers just flat-out won't stop for you when you're in a wheelchair. To them it's just not worth the hassle. And, of course, many people use electric wheelchairs that can't fit in the trunk, or aren't able to be transferred by a random taxi driver.
 Oh no, it was never the intention to say that was a viable alternative. I was just thinking of what I would do I guess if I needed to get somewhere and there were no proper cabs. I've never thought about it - hence the question  