I am coming to visit in September. I am in a wheelchair. Does anyone know if Uber or Lyft can accommodate wheelchairs? Also, are the Smithsonian museums wheelchair accessible? Thanks in advance!  DC is perhaps one of the most accessible cities in the country. Metro is accessible, and yes, you can request Uber and Lyft that accommodate wheelchairs, but they may be less available. Smithsonians should be fine. 

https://www.uber.com/ride/uberwav/

https://help.lyft.com/hc/en-us/articles/115013081668-Accessible-vehicle-dispatch

https://www.wmata.com/service/accessibility/metro-access/ What type of chair? If a folding or rigid manual chair, yes. If a full power chair, you'll be better off using public transport most places.

As a wheelchair user with a lightweight folding chair and short-distance mobility, I find DC one of the better cities to navigate, but it's far from perfect. This is all going to sound really negative just because I'm pointing out the things to prepare for but, seriously, I live here for a reason and when I travel other places, I'm grateful for the things DC has done to make life a little easier.

The sidewalks are frequently tipped inward for drainage at a steeper level than most cities in certain parts of town, so on top of going up/down small hills, you're also battling a sideways tilt that can be very frustrating. Additionally, the gravel embedded in the sidewalks on the mall makes walking there extremely uncomfortable.

The museums themselves are extremely accessible and I've never had any issues. Some of their ramps suck and there are a lot of 'hippies use side door' situations going on that require a bit of poking around to find the correct entrance, but nothing terrible.

Some transportation tips: 

Uber:
Uberwav sucks. It has to be the same price as a normal Uber ride due to a lawsuit, but takes 15-20 minutes in theory (vs., say, six minutes.) Honestly, I've never had one actually show up despite waiting the estimated time; it almost always cancels. Instead: For the most part, I know which cars my chair fits in at this point, and call a normal car. If the car definitely won't fit, I have to cancel (and very occasionally contact uber to waive a cancellation fee.) Afterward, I text/call the driver, telling them I have a folding wheelchair that will need to go in their trunk. They'll either say yes or no. If no, I cancel, and try again. It usually works out fine. Sedans work much better than hatchbacks, even the smaller SUV hatchbacks, with a folding chair.

Lyft:
Toggling the Wheelchair services button works about 75% of the time. It's not uncommon, at all, for a driver to show up and have a trunk full of items, it's a smaller version of a vehicle (this tiny micro-Prius gets coded as a normal Prius, for example) . The driver will claim they can't control this, but I've confirmed via Lyft and multiple friends who drive, that they are able to toggle it on and off, it just takes effort. If a driver shows up and cannot accommodate your chair, make them cancel, so you are not charged a fee.

Basically, both are annoying, but neither are deal breakers. I use both regularly, but it's not unheard of to go through 2-3 cars before an 'accessible' Lyft can accomodate me. I'd say I'm expected to put my own chair in the trunk about 10% of the time, so that's worth taking into consideration depending on your needs. It's really helpful if some of the smaller parts pop off, if you have a folding one. Most people are really nice about it, even if the experience can be frustrating.

Cabs: The cabs in DC generally suck, but it's not too hard to flag down a normal cab that will fit my chair. It's more expensive, but if we're in a place where it's hard to meet up with an Lyft/Uber (Around the Verizon Center, Stadiums, etc.) I'll use it without much trouble.

The metro is a dream by comparison, if all required elevators are working. You can see the status of all elevators on the wmata site and it's usually correct-ish.

The busses are like busses anywhere, awkward to get on, but not too bad, and they get you to the final destination.

/u/-cheerwinesommelier- covered a lot of the policy links. I'm in a power wheelchair so all of my experiences are based on that, but here it goes:

Uber and Lyft are useless for people in wheelchairs. My average experience is essentially me looking at the app for 10 minutes, finally getting someone that says they are 25 minutes out, then waiting 15 minutes, see they are still 23 minutes away and then saying screw it, it is faster to walk. As for taxis, they have gotten better, but they still aren't something you'd be able to just find on the street. You are still gonna need to call and wait 20 minutes. In NYC, you can find one on the street, usually within that 20 minute allotment. Unfortunately, Metro is your best bet. On the weekends, you will likely wait 10 or so minutes for a train (they are supposed to run every 12 minutes but don't. At night, it is closer to 20). But the good news is that every station has an elevator, something New York and Boston can't say, and the website is pretty good about updating when an elevator has gone out of service. Metro will do the job just fine. Just always check the site for elevator outages every time you get on a train.

The Mall and museums are all really wheelchair friendly and are great. The whole area is beautiful.The Lincoln and Jefferson memorials also have elevators to get up into their upper parts which is great. Be wary that the Mall is gravel in some parts though, so in a manual, that'll be a pain. Sidewalk wise, the newer parts of the city have nice, wife sidewalks, but older parts have shitty, small uneven ones, but that is on par with most big cities.

Nightlife/dining wise, the city is not great. Dupont and U Street have a few places that are accessible. H Street, and Adams Morgan are useless. China Town is good because it was all built within the last 20 years. Definitely call anywhere you want to go to double check if you can get it in. Most of the time, if you can, you have to go through a different entrance.

I really love the museums and all of the stuff right around there, but transportation and nightlife wise, this city drives me bonkers. But at least it is not New Orleans (they literally have ONE wave taxi in the whole damn city). That city seriously hates our kind All the museums are accessible. Sometimes it is not obvious, like the building museum, for example, one entrance is not, but if you go around to the other side it is. I hope you have a great trip! You want to look into the DC Taxi app, which has a section for people in wheelchairs. Uber and Lyft may not work for you.
My advice is to use metro as much as possible. 
The smithsonian museums have elevators and ramps. 
Hopefully this is helpful. Some attractions are less wheelchair friendly than others in DC. But the museums are a safe bet. Not in a wheelchair but have friends who work on this issue. From what I recall all the Smithsonian's are compliant with ADA ( https://www.si.edu/visit/VisitorsWithDisabilities  ; though I really can't say if easily accessible).  

As far as Uber is concerned, I don't think DC is an uberWAV city. ( https://accessibility.uber.com ).  Honestly don't know these things, but if you have a collapsible wheelchair, I'd request an Uber and then message/text the driver to ask if have trunk space.  Uber should allow you to cancel w/o charge if driver doesn't have it.  

 Busses are surprisingly good with wheelchairs, especially during off-peak hours when they're less crowded.  There's a Circulator bus that goes around the mall and another couple that go across town.  Depending on where you're staying, there are also WMATA bus lines that take you where you want to go (you can look this up in google maps directions - there's a transit option).

Which neighborhood are you staying in?  There are a few restaurants that are nightmares for wheelchairs in older neighborhoods like Georgetown and Dupont Circle, but there are a bunch of new ones in areas like chinatown that will be accessible.  There are also a handful in Adams Morgan that I can see working because they're on the ground floor - Mellow Mushroom, Tryst (coffee shop), Lapis (Afghan), and the Diner are all places we've taken my mom, who basically can't do stairs.  

The smithsonians do tend to be great - they've got wide walking areas, as does the National Gallery.  The worst one is probably Natural History, which was retrofit in a kind of crazy way.  The Capitol Visitor's Center is also very accessible as it was built within the last 10 years.  The Phillips Collection has a ton of stairs and a crappy elevator. Wow! Thanks for the links! I didn’t know where to start!  Dude, slow your roll on that. 

Uber and Lyft are useless for people in wheelchairs (I'm in a power wheelchair). My average experience is essentially me looking at the app for 10 minutes, finally getting someone that says they are 25 minutes out, then waiting 15 minutes, see they are still 20 minutes away and then saying screw it, it is faster to walk. As for taxis, they have gotten better, but they still aren't something you'd be able to just find on the street. You are still gonna need to call and wait 20 +minutes. In NYC, you can find one on the street, usually within that 20 minute allotment.


The Mall and museums are indeed pretty wheelchair friendly, but you can say that about pretty much any museum in any city. And nightlife/dining wise, the city is pretty awful. Most bars in Dupont, U Street, H Street, and Adams Morgan are useless. China Town is good because it was all built within the last 20 years, but please don't make it seem like this is a wheelchair friendly place. It isn't and it makes me sad. What about Via? I recently saw a few blind people get picked up by a via on Independence Avenue across from what I think is the Air and Space cafeteria. 

Check out: http://support-chi.ridewithvia.com/customer/en/portal/articles/2541398-accessible-vehicle-dispatch Thanks for the information.  Everything you gave me will be very helpful.  Wow! Thanks for all of the information! This seriously helps a lot.  Correct, I think the National Building Museum's wheelchair accessible entrances are on the North and East side (either one).  But the West and South entrances do have some steps. It is. Can't speak to availability, but I've seen it as an option in the app.  We are staying at State Plaza Hotel. It is not far from the Vietnam Memorial. As far as transportation goes, am really only worried about the day that we go to The Museum of the Bible and the day we go to Arlington National Cemetery.  We are not very close to the Metro station and I have a migraine condition that causes temporary paralysis. If that happens I cannot imagine using the Metro but the bus may be an option. 

I am just figuring out the logistics.  Be wary of the National Mall... It's gravel, but the sidewalks bordering it, from which you'd access the Smithsonians is fine

And while the metro is accessible, be prepared for the frustration of trying to actually find the elevators... They're around, but it's sometimes like a treasure hunt Sorry, I didn’t mean to imply it was a paradise or something. I realize people in wheelchairs still face many challenges navigating DC. But in relative terms, DC seems to be better than most. See, eg: https://wheelchairtravel.org/top-5-most-wheelchair-accessible-cities-in-the-united-states/ Curious, what US cities in your experience have been more (or less) accommodating? Columbia Heights is also pretty new.  I don't know, as far as blindness goes. That's an entirely different set of needs. (Also, I want to reiterate for no specific reason that even each 'type' of wheelchair has very different levels of accessibility in the city. Some of us can haul a chair down a few steps to access that coveted gyro shop, while someone with a heavy powerchair finds the lack of a curb cut to be as large of a barrier as a brick wall.)

I used Via a few times, I contacted them directly way before they had information on their site, though I confess I haven't used them since they posted their formal policy. It's much like Uber, where you have to contact the driver in advance and they'll let you know whether or not it will work, but with their "jump in at the corner, rush off" mode, it feels a lot more difficult than even Lyft Line or Uber Pool. I've had, like, $20 on Via for nearly a year that's still there because the experience was so awkward the few times I've used them.

And Via gets really hard on the days I try to walk canes or a rollator, too, because there's a lot of "you have two minutes to get to this location." That's no big deal for most able bodied people, but it may as well read "run six miles in three minutes" for me.

Here's the DC policies at the moment: http://support-dc.ridewithvia.com/customer/en/portal/articles/2877737-accessible-vehicle-dispatch?b_id=15503 I had never heard of Via. Will definitely check it out.  I'm happy to answer any more questions. Sorry if it came across as really negative...the guy that made DC sound like an oasis for wheelchairs made me a little bit more pessimistic than I should have been. The Mall/museums are all perfect for wheelchairs (though you might have to use a particular entrance) and I walk around there whenever there's a nice weekend. And you're coming at a great time of the year.

The one downside of that area is that there's literally no restaurants or anything like that in the area except for a few food trucks so you'll need to go some place else for that.

Metro will be a fine way to get around (the Smithsonian stop on the orange line is the stop you'll use for the museums and Mall), but make sure you remember where elevators are as they aren't always the same place as the regular entrance. And yes, a lot of them unfortunately smell like urine because people are savages. Thanks...I just saw it too. It is technically, but it's 100% bullshit. I've never met a wheelchair user who's been able to use it. It's 15-30 minutes out, then gets canceled. I don't know how many WAV converted uber vehicles are actually here, but I doubt it's many. You're right near GW.  There are actually quite a few restaurants there that I think would work - there's a Cava and Beefsteak that are ground-level, as well as a place called Tonic that should be accessible and has great tater tots.  For a nicer dinner, Founding Farmers is in a newer building but you may need a reservation (it gets crowded).  Whole Foods is good for breakfast and snacks - there's a hot bar and cafe/prepared food right on the main level and it's got an elevator down to the grocery section.

Arlington is going to be tough in a wheelchair.  There are paved paths, but it can get hilly.  The metro is generally good to get there.

As for the Museum of the Bible, you can take the 36 bus pretty much directly there.  I would definitely recommend doing that, but looking up arrival times on Google maps beforehand.  The bus is really crowded during rush hour between about 7:30am and 9:30 am, and then again between 4:30 and 6:30 pm.   I would highly recommend trying Transit or CityMapper over Google Maps if you have a smartphone. They show every transit option in the city and real-time arrival info so you have a much better idea of when the bus will actually come. Also they smell like pee.  Every time I'm on that concrete-gravel-sidewalk-bullshit on the mall, I want to flip someone off so badly. Whhhhyyy. It ruins a perfectly pleasant experience. And it's definitely some of the on the 'outside' sidewalks, too, like around Hirshhorn and Air & Space. And they don’t always work: wmata.com will help Based on the places I've been, it is better than Boston and New Orleans (which is comically bad), but I probably choose New York over DC. Metro is better than the Subway, but taxis are infinitely better in nyc. Also, because there are a million bars and restaurants, it's easier to find cool places to get into. Orlando was also more wheelchair friendly Sincere question: Do you or someone super intimately close with you use a chair? Or were you just googling policies/proof to be helpful? Because a small listicle really doesn't do a lot of good, and it doesn't sound like you're speaking from experience. New York City: I probably go here 2-3 times a year and have given up on figuring out the Subway. Not every train runs on the weekends (when I'm always up there) and while most of the big transfer stops have elevators, sometimes the train you need to get from one stop with an elevator to another with one isn't running. Also, sometimes one side of the platform has an elevator but not the other. It's kinda a mess. But wav Ubers are far more prevalent there (there are still definitely times when it is hard to find one but if you plan ahead, you can get one). Taxis aren't super difficult to find but sometimes the drivers don't know how to use their own equipment, which is dumb. As for accessibility in general, yes there are a lot of restaurants and shops that aren't accessible but the great thing about NYC is there are a million places to go, so not being able to get into a couple of places doesn't really deter you from doing anything. Also! Their natural history museum is accessible and dope, as is time square, Rockefeller center, Central Park. Broadway shows can be a pain because the theaters are typically the ones that know which seats are accessible, but ticket brokers have all the tickets and they have no idea which one are wheelchair seats.

Orlando: everything here is mad accessible. I typically stay at a Disney hotel because of the free shuttle to and from the airport. Both Disney and Universal are accessible! But the cool thing about Disney is they actually have several rides that you can just pull a power wheelchair into a cart and do the ride in your chair (small world, winnie the Pooh, buzz lightyear, and Little mermaid are the ones I remember). Universal doesn't have anything like that, so I can't ride rides unless I bring someone that can pick me up, but I love Harry Potter World so I don't care.

Boston: I have been here twice and it is a bit of a mixed bag. The sidewalks are typically not good because the city is so old. I didn't try to use any taxis, and the T  (their subway system) has elevators for a lot of their stops, but not all of them. I was unfortunate enough to be staying at a hotel at the end of the line, and none of the four stations closest to me had an elevator. Also, all of their elevators absolutely reeked of piss. I know DC has an issue with that as well, but nothing compares to Boston. Their elevators were sterilized in that.  Restaurant and bar wise, it is pretty wheelchair friendly from what I can remember and the Freedom Trail is all handicapped accessible.

New Orleans: this city hates our kind. the entire city literally has one handicap accessible Taxi. It is owned by one guy, but he is really nice and accommodating. So if you were staying down there for any period of time, definitely get his phone number and work with him individually. The trolley that runs through the town has a couple places where they said he will chair could be picked up, but I didn't try it as most of the stops are inaccessible. Pretty much all of Bourbon Street bars have at least one step to get in because the place constantly gets flooded, but a lot of the bars have a ramp they can bring out for you to get you in. Take note though that literally nothing on Bourbon Street has an elevator. Most of the buildings are classified as historic landmarks, and you aren't allowed to change the structure of a historic building by law. So elevators are not really a thing there.

Baltimore: the inner harbor is beautiful and totally accessible but outside of that, it isn't great. Also, I have yet to find a parking garage there that will fit my van, which is infuriating Thanks! We plan on eating at the Smithsonian cafes while seeing the monuments and exploring the Mall.  Is that a decent plan? Not at all surprised.  Thanks! You are awesome!  Thanks! I had heard about CityMapper but not Transit. I will check that out.   ... because they usually have a puddle of pee in them. What’s so bad about it? Why does it bother you so much? I had a friend who was temporarily in a chair and remembered the Lyft/Uber thing. I have a colleague who uses Metro Access. Sorry you didn’t find the list helpful. Didn’t mean for it to be exhaustive. Just what I remembered.  It's not haute cuisine but there are some good options among the museum cafes, and that's probably better than wasting a lot of time getting someplace else. (Closest actual restaurants are going to be places on the north side of Pennsylvania Ave to the north, or to the south there's just a couple of options nearby catering to office worker lunches, like the bibimbap place at Capitol South metro.)

The American Indian Museum has pretty interesting food for a museum cafe, it's my fav, I will actually go there for the food. The National Gallery cafe is fine, too. Sculpture Garden cafe is a nice spot. Another one is the Kogod atrium at the Portrait Gallery/American Art museum (small food selection though, more like soup/salad/sandwich fare) ... but that's in Gallery Place/Chinatown where there are a zillion places nearby.

Avoid the high-kid-traffic museums like Air & Space, Natural History, American History as much as possible. I mean, go for the aviation exhibits, sure, just plan to be elsewhere for lunch. Stay out of that elementary school cafeteria!

Away from the mall there are interesting museums like the Textile Museum at GW and the National Building Museum (those both have good elevators). They tend to be less mobbed with tourists than the Smithsonians on the mall. American Indian Museum has the best cafe.  All the cafes will be pricey, but you really don't have much of a choice near the Mall... They're both quite good and have similar functionality, so it's really just a matter of which format you like best. Enjoy! THATS what it is?! It makes propulsion more difficult than other sidewalks (though less than cobblestone, at least?) I'm fairly speedy on most surfaces, but that type of sidewalk it like hitting breaks.

The worst part, though: it creates a very, very unpleasant vibrations and when it's the whole sidewalk, there's no escape from it, until you're on a different surface. It's really uncomfortable generally, and on top of that, it makes it really difficult to talk. Imagine if, when you're walking, your body is going through the same process as a rolling suitcase behind you.

In the long-term, it also puts more wear on the chair and there have been a handful of studies that talk about the potential for long-term effects, too:
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3758533/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15648802
https://www.icpi.org/sites/default/files/ICPI%20RA%20Cooper%20Wheelchair%20Study%20Report%2011-10-04.pdf

But really, I miss strolling and chatting idly. It's awkward to say, "Okay, now we can't talk anymore because it hurts too much, we will continue this when we're on a new surface." Sure, I can avoid the area entirely (and typically do as a resident), but when you have family in town, it's kind of sad/frustrating/annoying. Links to the transit policies were very helpful, but statements like "DC is perhaps one of the most accessible cities in the country" is the part that really isn't at all, unless you're living it and can expand further since there are a lot of barriers to be aware of. (I don't want to be an asshole on reddit/Just wanted to explain why I may have been the asshole on reddit.:) Because of dietary requirements I will be eating salads anyway.  Thanks for the info The food at the National Gallery (specifically in the basement, between the two wings) is pretty good too, though it's cafeteria-style.  Someone in a wheelchair might want to ask for someone from the staff to assist them (because juggling a tray full of food might be tricky, depending on what you order). Before I lived in DC, I visited with my (then) wife and infant child. We had visited before, so we knew we needed to buy a large-wheeled stroller specifically for those sidewalks. Even walking or biking I'm not a fan of the material; its challenging to walk over compared to sidewalk with slipping continually.  No worries. I’d just heard DC is better than many other cities and wanted to be welcoming to the OP because it does seem like the main tourist areas are pretty accessible. I’ll defer to the folks who live with accessibility issues day to day for the real insight.  