Things to do with older family My folks are coming to visit and I'm trying to figure out some fun things to do with them. They are both getting up there in age and don't get around all that well anymore. I know they will refuse wheelchairs and I don't think either could stand long enough for segway tours. They love historical stuff, gardening, the odd and unusal...I know there are so many things they would enjoy if they could get around a bit better, I'm just at a bit of a loss because of the mobility issues. Ideas? What about the hop-on-hop-off buses (or bus tours of DC)? I think there are a couple of companies, but here's one example: http://www.viator.com/tours/Washington-DC/Washington-DC-Hop-on-Hop-off-Trolley-Tour/d657-5046WAS_OTT

This should solve both the parking and mobility issues, as long as they are mobile while they are at the museums and various attractions. Hillwood Museum - historical stuff AND gardens. It's not huge as far as museums go; it's an old estate, and not a long walk from the parking lot to the house (or you can drop them off at the door and park on the lower level). My mom's also started having mobility issues in the past few years (she requested a wheelchair escort at the airport because she can't physically manage her own carry-on bag), and she was able to do Hillwood. We stopped at the cafe for teatime, which was a good break for her. The art gallery gave us a wheelchair for my stepdad for free, if you can convince them to use one. I would say that since they love gardening, you could take them to the botanical gardens. There is a lot of walking but there are a lot of benches placed throughout the pathways. Pack a picnic and you have a nice lunch.  Dumbarton Oaks & Museum is nice.  Maybe a Potomac river boat tour? http://www.potomacriverboatco.com/ Anyone have a recommendation for one of these companies? Good idea, thanks! Thanks,  I knew nothing about this place, it actually looks really interesting! Yes. I love Old Town Trolleys! (Seriously, I've been on their tour three times with visiting family members.) A nice perk is that DC residents get free admission to the trolley with a paid guest. 
http://www.trolleytours.com/washington-dc/
 I did the Big Red bus tour right when I moved here and enjoyed it a lot! Good route - but pretty pricey. Anyway not sure that's much help, but we had fun! 