Fun places to bring my grandparents? I currently live in NOVA and I've been to most of the touristy places to go to in DC. My grandparents will be visiting at the end of summer and I'm looking for new places to go that are easy for seniors to get around. They are interested to going to some of the museums and gardens but they aren't able to walk long distances. Even though they aren't always physically up to it they are very active people and would like to stay busy on their trip. We went to the zoo last time they were in town and were able to rent scooters so it was really easy to get around. We did go to a few of the museums but they were a little much. Are there any other places to go with scooters or wheelchairs available to rent? Please let me know if there are any other places to visit that you suggest that they may enjoy. My grandma really liked visiting [Hillwood Estates](http://www.hillwoodmuseum.org). It has lots of collections, mostly of Russian art, and very nice gardens, so once you're there, it has everything your grandparents want to see. It's about mile from the closest Metro stop (Van Ness), but there's complementary parking if that's too far. The Udvar-Hazy Center has [wheelchairs available](https://airandspace.si.edu/visit/udvar-hazy-center/visitors-disabilities), a ton of cool planes, and even a space shuttle.  Benches are everywhere so there's a lot of places to sit and rest.  They also have an IMAX screen so that'd be a good excuse to sit for a while.  And it's in VA near Dulles so you can avoid the traffic going into/out of the city. Union market for fun foods Find a monuments by night bus/trolley tour. It's a great way to see the monuments. National Portrait Gallery.  There is walking involved but plenty of seating throughout the museum.  Plus, it's not as crowded as most of the other museums and stays open until 7:30. If you tour congress, the monocle has good food that’s old people approved. Good people watching too Have you/they been to either the basilica out at brookland or national cathedral? Lots of places to sit down (/rimshot) and national cathedral at least has a parking garage under the front plaza. (Definitley too far to walk from the metro for them.) Maybe touristy but get them a library card for the library of Congress. You can get them for free and you can spend the day reading rare and old books and looking at the amazing architecture. I too am interested in the answer to the question.  So far, I think only one person mentioned wheelchairs but, for my situation, they'd need to be motorized.   So I'm wondering if they're motorized. (I followed that link and tge udvar hazy wheelchairs are not motorized)   I like the idea if hillwoid but only if they'd have scooters or motorized wheelchairs.  Before going, I'd recommend talking to the staff about these issues and whether you could drop your guests off before parking, how hilly it is, etc.  E.g., their site https://www.hillwoodmuseum.org/accessibility says there are wheelchairs but doesn't say what kind.d National arboretum is beautiful. They may very well enjoy visiting it.  Second this. There is an elevator in the house if they need it, and they are currently showing a collection of faberge goodies out in the adirondack house. The greenhouse is open and has a lot of nice stuff blooming, then you and they can have lunch in the cafe which is back to its tablecloths-and-silverware iteration. Go during the week if you can; less crowded.

And they are currently exhibiting some of dina merrills's gowns and stuff upstairs, since she died last year. Your grands will probably be very, very familiar with her. Hey, thank you for posting this. I went today after reading your comment and it was absolutely stunning! I really enjoyed it, don’t think I would have discovered it otherwise- thanks again.  True! I popped into the Monocle with all my bags after a business trip, and they were so sweet in a way that hearkened back to classic service, like everyone introducing themselves and using your name, which I know isn't a big detail but it sticks with me a year later. I bet grandparents would feel quite tickled to go and be made to feel like an extra-big-deal. 