parking ticket -- red meter, no disabled signage I got a ticket for parking at a handicapped spot. the meter was painted red, but somebody had peeled off the sticker on the meter that has the wheelchair sticker on it. I didn't know it was a handicapped space until I saw how much the ticket was for. other places, they use blue to mark the disabled spaces and put up a real sign, not just a sticker on one side of the meter. can I win this fight with the parking bureau?  Well you can dispute the ticket [online](https://dmv.dc.gov/service/contest-tickets) I believe. Take a picture of the meter and see what they say. This could go either way but probably wont end up in your favor - mainly because its [made abundantly clear what the red top means](https://ddot.dc.gov/page/red-top-meter-program-frequently-asked-questions).

Next time you see a red parking meter, with an awesome spot, that is empty for no apparent reason, its best to think through the situation critically. Its not hard to come to the conclusion that its reserved.  This is what I argue when I get tickets for parking on the sidewalk. There's NO SIGNS that says not to.  I’ve disputed one of those before (for broken meter) and had it overturned, but you may need photo evidence to help.  You're welcome to try to contest with photos if you have them, but I'm gonna say it's a long shot here, bud. The city pretty aggressively advertised the ticket enforcement of its red top meter program last May, and ignorance of the rules isn't really a defense against breaking them. That said, show pictures, emphasize that you aren't from the area (assuming you aren't), and maybe, just *maybe*, you'll get a dude scrolling through the contested tickets list who just got a raise and had the best lunch of his life who's feeling particularly lenient that day. I wouldn't hold your breath on it though. It costs nothing to dispute, so go ahead.  But in DC, the red top means it's a handicapped parking meter so you'll probably end up having to pay it.  You can dispute online for free and you will hear back about it in like 5-6 months (or however long it takes for you to forget about it).


I agree the red top meter is a bit confusing.  Blue = handicapped space everywhere else so I'm surprised they don't use blue for the meter tops or paint the curb to make it stand out more.  Regardless, you're not the first one to be confused by it, and I doubt you'll be the last. It happened at 7am, so it’s not like I was feeling like I won the lottery. I was looking carefully because of all the tow-away zones for no standing 7-9:30am. other cities hang the “universal” sign, paint the curb blue, paint the sidewalk, etc. I am pissed at the asshat who scraped the $5 wheelchair sticker off the meter. Without that sticker, having a red meter is a fuck you to tourists and anybody who is colorblind.  > costs nothing to dispute

I didn’t realize the adjudication staff at DPW are all volunteers.  