Things to do in DC with disabilities Hello!  I actually live in the region but my parents are visiting for the first time this weekend since my dad's car accident last fall.  

My dad has spent a long time in physical therapy learning how to walk again and he has been doing great!  However, he can't walk (with his cane) for more than half of a mile before getting really tired.

What are some fun things to do in the region that is light on walking or has plenty of benches?

Edit: **Bonus** for non-National Mall activities.  They have been there many times and we are already planning to go to one of the Air and Space Museums (his favorite). I have no idea why people are saying Segway. If he has trouble standing for extended periods, a Segway is not going to be a pleasant experience. 

The much better option is to rent a wheelchair and explore the mall that way. You could ride one of the tour buses if you haven't. If you go with a hop on/hop off one though, just ride it and listen to the tour. They're awful as a mode of public transportation. 

Similarly, you could look into renting a wheel chair for the weekend (you'll have to google where to find one available). The mall is perfectly flat and all the museums are accessible (though you may need to enter them from the Constitution or Indenpendence avenue entrances). He can walk but you all can keep moving once he gets tired. 

Finally you can do a boat ride up and down the potomac. But you'll probably have to call ahead and see how easy it is to get in/out of the boats. 

Edit: make sure to visit the Udvar Hazy space center then if you weren't already planning on it. Or drive up to Union Market and you can walk around while you dad could have the opportunity to sit and you bring food/samples to him.  Maybe rent a wheelchair for the day? It's going to be hard to avoid walking in DC. Your dad might enjoy the Duck tour. It's an amphibious bus that drives around the sites and cruises in the Potomac. 

He'll get a good view of the city and not have to walk. FYI: the Smithsonians all have wheelchairs you can check out at the front desk. You usually have to leave an ID. I would look into renting a wheelchair or scooter. If you're doing museums, they are all pretty wheelchair friendly in my experience (elevators). If taking metro, make sure to check service advisories because sometimes elevators are out.  Hi! If you don't mind paying for a private tour (WELL WORTH IT), my boyfriend is a private tour guide and often takes families with a variety of ability levels around DC. His company has a private chauffeur drive the distance between any place in DC so you don't walk much and they also rent wheelchairs for no extra cost. It'll get you and your family around to a lot of far out places (the Air Force Memorial, National Cathedral, Embassy Row, Jefferson, FDR) without worrying about walking. PM if this sounds interesting. Not trying to advertise, just think that the system is a really great one when it comes to enjoying DC with limited mobility! Go see a play! DC has a great theater scene. Check out Arena Stage, the Wooly Mammoth Theater, the Shakespeare Theater is really great if you're into that. Or just google around.

Also maybe a comedy show?  

We also have great restaurants. You could just set up at a rooftop bar on U street for half a day.

Air and Space museum has some cool IMAX stuff. I know you're already going there so this could help you stay longer and have more sitting time there. You might also want to drive out to Udvar Hazy if you have a car.

 The Pentagon does tours (you have to request in advance) but my friends have gone and said it's really good. There's a lot of security screening to get in obviously but apparently it's worth it! They can accommodate wheelchairs on the tours. 

Bring a picnic to the [National Arboretum](http://www.usna.usda.gov/index.html) the main areas are accessible and there's plenty of parking. 

The Old Town Trolley accommodates those with disabilities and Old Town, Alexandria is a pretty place where you could spend time on the pier, have dinner, and people-watch. There are also boat cruises that offer dinner.

The Spy Museum and Newseum are both paid museums but are excellent and worth the admission price. Sometimes there are groupons so check that out. 

There are a lot of vineyards out in VA if you don't mind taking a little drive, they are very pretty and you can do a wine tasting and bring a picnic. I like Paradise Springs Winery and Bull Run Winery. Maybe try using a [pedicab](http://www.dcpedicab.com/en)?  I found riding the canal in Georgetown pretty fun. Getting there might be problematic, but you get to sit on the boat, which is nice.  [deleted] It might be a good idea for him to rent a segway. Segway Right.  His issue with walking is balance.  He had a brain injury so he is still trying to figure out his balance.  Thanks! The trolley is fun to ride!  Bike And Roll (online) rents wheelchairs  I actually didn't think of that!  Thanks!  We did that in Boston years ago and he loved it! Can you give an idea of what a private tour like this would cost? I'm glad to see someone else suggest DC theater!

There's a wide variety of small, medium, large, weird, mainstream, etc in DC. Most places are just starting (or about to start) their 14-15 season, so there might not be a lot out there at present. Nats are in WA/CA this weekend, unfortunately.  You can also get an inexpensive folding wheelchair off Amazon for around $100!
 It is pretty campy, but the duck tours are pretty awesome. They go in the water and on land! It depends on the number of people, type of tour you're looking for and the length. The most popular tour is a four hour tour. It includes a private driver, a tour guide that gets out and walks you through the sights (depending on what you want to see, this is a totally customized tour) and the total price is $795. He'll give you a reddit discount of $100, though. :)  $100 wheelchair... what could go wrong?

http://i.imgur.com/oBSN4Wg.jpg Hah!
 