Any tips for catching Amtrak at Union Station for someone with difficulty walking (using a walker)? I'm taking an elderly relative to Union Station to catch Amtrak and I'm hoping for suggestions about the best way that minimizes walking distance and the time this person is left alone, but also allows me to park my car. I've already contacted Amtrak and they will help with actually boarding and getting situated on the train, but I'm unsure how best to actually get to that point. 

Are there any suggestions other than dropping them off at the front of the station, having them make their way inside and then wait for me while I park and return? I've never parked in the garage -- is there easy access to the station/Amtrak from there? Would that be a shorter (or perhaps not too much longer walk) then via the main entrance?

Any insight would be much appreciated. 



 Amtrak Union Station page .. "For passengers who cannot walk far or at all, we offer a wheelchair to move the passengers around within the station. At some stations this may be a battery-powered people mover. The wheelchair or other types of movers must not leave the station or be moved onto the train.   "

As for parking, super easy .. the garage is connected via lift and escalator to the back of station. You coul Just park and go in with them. The garage is above where the trains depart. Depending on busy it is / how lucky you get, you might get a spot near the elevator or not.  If you had to drop them off in front the trains are a straight shot through the front doors and don't require using stairs/escalator/elevator.  It's roughly 600 feet from drop off to the train gates.  But if they require assistance, like others have said you're going to want to park the car in the back garage and take the escalators/elevators down. Also, a train isn't like an airplane, they will more than likely have no issue with you assisting them all the way to their seat.  This is a good answer.  For someone who has mobility issues, getting to the trains from the parking area is going to be easier than getting to the trains from the drop-off area in front of the station. Great thanks, this is what I hoping.  Good to know, thanks. 