Around the World Embassy Tour - May 2018 The Around the World Embassy Tour Open Houses is happening again in DC on Saturday, May 5. You get 7 hours to travel around the world: non\-EU embassies on Saturday, EU the following Saturday. Taste exotic dishes and drinks, enjoy native art, and see countries you may otherwise never be exposed to. 

That being said, be prepared for long waits. Long waits and large crowds. Recommendations:

1. Consult the website and map out where you most want to visit, and a route to see what sites are most important to you
2. Go to any popular embassies early \- preferably between 10am and 11am. Most of the embassies that are having special exhibits will be crowded, and high profile countries. Later in the day, when lines are peaking, visit some of the embassies that may likely be less traveled.
3. The EU Open House weekend is different, less embassies, farther apart, with MUCH longer lines. Prepare to hit three, four if you're lucky. Again, the best thing to do is prep in advance. 
4. Check out the mobile site at [https://passportdc.oncell.com/](https://passportdc.oncell.com/en/passport-dc-29424.html)
5. Not interested in long lines? Visit a standalone embassies in Foggy Bottom and on 16th Street. Participating embassies there include the African Union, the Royal Thai Embassy, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Angola and the Mexican Cultural Institute.
6. Across the street from International Drive, a group of embassies that have their offices in office buildings will be host a joint event at the University of the District of Columbia Student Center. Representatives from Cameroon, Kosovo, Panama, Rwanda, Uganda and Zimbabwe will be available to talk to participants about their countries.
7. Bring cash and your ID. While admission and some drinks or food samples are free, other embassies sell larger plates.
8. Everyone loves free food and drink, but snacks run out, so don't make them the primary factor in visiting an embassy.
9. The organization which hosts the event is a non\-profit, and donations help pay for supplies. Consider donating at [https://www.culturaltourismdc.org/portal/donate](https://www.culturaltourismdc.org/portal/donate) to help keep this annual event free and open to the public.
10. For those with family members in wheelchairs or pushing strollers, consider the group of embassies on International Drive off Connecticut Avenue near Van Ness. Unlike many of the older missions, which are housed in former residences, these buildings were constructed to be embassies and have larger reception rooms and public spaces.
11. Wear comfortable shoes, clothing, and be in a pleasant mood. You'll make the experience more enjoyable not only for yourself, but everyone around you. [deleted] Are the lines for the EU open house that much worse? I would understand for the UK and France/Germany, but are the lines across the board longer? They were pretty bad in some cases today.  Wear sunscreen! Had a great time! wonderful event.  Barbados - small but exceptional. Next week will be EU embassy open house  Yeah same! I've heard that the line for Belgium tends to be monstrous even thought its a bit out of the way. weather was gorgeous for non-EU/RoW. forecast near 90 might dissipate the lines a bit. Whats so special about the Belgian embassy though?  Beer, chocolate, and Belgian waffles. Beer? 