My boyfriend has ADHD and we are having some communication problems! Looking for tips. Hi everybody - 

My boyfriend is super awesome. I love him so much! But we have communication problems. I'm wondering if it's attributable to his ADHD and what I could do to help improve communication between the two of us. 

Many times I find that I will tell him something, and get affirmation (an ok) and then find out that he doesn't end up doing it. Last night for example, I was like hey, can you put away the meat. He said yes. Then this morning, the meat was left out all night and spoiled. I was a little upset that I wasted about $25 on food, but it was both of our faults. 

Now here's where you guys come in - do you have any tips for improving communication between the two of us? He's not on any medication or in treatment now (he hasn't been for at least three years).  Is it just him or is it the ADHD?

Thanks so much :) Two words:  "Right now".

If you need him to do something right now, tell him.  "Hey, can you take a couple of minutes right now and put away that meat?"

You do have to be careful how you word it, so that you don't sound like you're just saying "DO THIS RIGHT NOW!" to him about everything.  But communicating that it needs to be done very soon will help him understand. It is him because he has ADHD. Is there a reason why he's not getting treatment?  Speak as efficiently as possible.  Otherwise, it will sound like this "Hey, can you, blah, blah, blah meat blah blah blah dinner blah, blah"  I'm not saying that you are verbose but I've found that when there is even slightly too much information, I tune out and often play along like I get it.

Also try "I'm going to leave this note here to remind you to put the meat away.".  I love notes.

An important factor for us is honesty.  A lot of times I don't like to tell people that I've stopped  listening to them because that is offensive and makes it seem like what they are saying doesn't matter to me.  My husband have worked to the point that I can be honest about when I've stopped listening or when I'm about to.  He doesn't get offended because he understands that I'm telling him because I do care but feel like I'm slipping away.
 I cannot emphasize this enough: make eye contact. If we're in the middle of something,  reading an article,  playing a game,  watching a show, etc., we will listen and hear you and promptly forget what you said. Make sure if you have something to say you have his full attention.
Also,  limit requests or comments to one or two items. After that they tend to run together. Its easier to make one or two stick in my mind. Anything more tends to tire me mentally or in some cases overwhelm me. I've found setting aside chunks of "focus on the big deal stuff" time for me to get those little things done. An alarm (or seven) set in my phone for a 20 minute block of time for me to consciously THINK about those things others need me to do (fill out paperwork for school trips, get bus money together, make a lunch, whatever) is a life saver, plus it's self-directed, so no nagging. If he hasn't put the meat away after his twenty minutes of focus time, remind him then and use the "right now" suggested above. 

It's kinda like the adult version of the Ten Second Tidy from The Big Comfy Couch ;) There isn't a communication problem.  Even if he is overly distractible or forgetful, he can still get up and put the meat away.  Pretty much every adult with ADHD has at some point realized that, if they want something done, they need to go do it or they will forget about it.  Maybe he just figures that, if he doesn't do it, that you will. Have you tried touching him when you ask him to do something or remember something? 

My ex would put her hand on my shoulder and very nicely tell me things she wanted me to remember. She would say it 2-3 times and ask me to repeat it back to her. She was big on me knowing her eye color and what color not to get when I bought her a gift. Her eye color is green and she doesn't like red or brown. We broke up two years ago.  I'll definitely try this, although I worry he might still not hear me but "RIGHT NOW" may grab his attention. Unfortunately I don't know. I've suggested maybe going to a therapist to learn techniques for impulse control (he overeats, impulse spends - which I think could be symptoms of his ADHD, I was a psych major in college so I'm just wild guessing here from the one abnormal class I took), but he tends to blow me off. I don't want to push the issue because I feel it's his place to seek help and not just do it for me I suppose. I'll remember that, but in this case I feel like it wasn't that. I stated that he should put away the meat three times, he was doing something else while I told him this though. However it wasn't something that to me required focus, but that could just be the fact that I don't understand  what it's like to have ADHD. I try to catch him when he's not doing something, but he ALWAYS is doing something so it's difficult for me to do this. this is accurate. My mother still gives me step by step instructions for simple things, and as annoying as it is its kind of necessary or I will probably forget something. Sounds like he would benefit from seeing a psychiatrist and trying medication. You're in a tough spot. His behaviors can erode your feelings for him and maybe he doesn't realize this.  If someone asks me to do something, if one of us doesn't write it down it has a 75% of not getting done.

He probably heard you but your request was probably lost in the sea of chaos inside his mind.
 It's not that he doesn't want to put away the meat, it's that he got distracted before he put it away. So you're right that you don't understand this situation, and you're also right that he probably heard you this time (IMO). It's just that he actually forgot you ever said it, forgot he agreed to do it, forgot about it in general.

One of the biggest ADHD issues is poor short term memory. Stuff just doesn't "stick" the way it does for other people. I find unless I write things down or do them right away, I will generally forget. I can't count the number of times I've forgotten to put away the milk... even when I've said to myself "oh geeze, I have to remember to put that away this time." -.- That is why you have to come to a place where its OK for you to do the stuff that needs to be done, and leave things that are not time sensitive for him.

That's really the only thing I've found that works.  It's a lot of taking deep breaths and letting things go.  If you're not OK with that, figure that out now.  Earlier rather than later, if you know what I mean. I hear my wife tell me things like "put away the meat."  I make mental notes that I need to put the meat away.  It just disappears sometimes.

Me:  "What was that thing you needed me to do?"  Her:  "Put the meat away!!"

This happens all the time.  Or I forget entirely.  Either he needs to learn to make notes that he follows up with, or you need to provide him with notes and put them places where he will undeniably see them.

It's not about how many times you say it, and sometimes, he doesn't have to be doing a single thing aside from paying attention to you, and it will still slip away.  It's not about focus.  He could be 100% focused on you in that moment, but 5 minutes later when he's focused on something else, well... what you said is gone. Do you have any suggestions on how to better communicate this to him? I feel like he doesn't think he has a problem, and no matter how nicely I approach it he doesn't really say anything back or tries to change the subject.

EDIT: am I correct about the impulse control being a symptom? Agreed.  My spouse would ask me something, and I would think "Ah, not now.  I'll do this after I finish what I'm doing", and then 30 seconds later it's totally off my radar.  It's not so much that the actual task require focus, it's a matter of keeping every task in the big picture that requires the unfortunately-lacking-focus.  Add to this that ADHDers have a natural tendency to procrastinate on things, and you end up with a very nasty combo of non-achievement.  

Delayed actions might be difficult, but I think post-it-style notes are actually a good idea if you want something done.  The note has to be put at the right place (not on the meat!).  If you want something done before the end of the day, put it on the bathroom mirror.  Something not to forget before leaving the house, put the note on the door handle, or on his shoes.  Not sure he will like this, but it's probably the most effective way for him not to miss something. It is a symptom, one that he could even manage without medication. I wouldn't push for meds as an outcome if I were you, that's a very personal decision... but what he really needs is to admit these are problems and make a plan (with a professional) to improve. Problems with impulse control is one of the symptoms of ADHD.

How about something along these lines: 

"I love you so much. But, I have to tell you that I am getting upset and feeling negative and I don't want to be mad at you. I wish you would see a psychiatrist and talk about medication because it might help with some of the things that are affecting how I feel about you. Like forgetting to put the meat away, for example. I don't want symptoms of ADHD to get in the way of our closeness when maybe you could get help and be less forgetful and impulsive. This is about your brain chemistry. Would you think about it?" That's too long and builds in too many outs for him. He could just say "No" or "I don't think it's a problem" or "I'm managing everything just fine." 

The key in her communication is that he understands it's a problem *for her*. I don't know about that, if he decides to do it  for her then he could start resenting her and treating her badly. This statement says it's a problem for her.  