I am a college student with ADHD and I am losing hope with myself. How do you guys manage? I have had (diagnosed with) ADHD since I was in 3rd grade. I only really found out how hindering it was in high school, but then I moved out. Oh my god. I can't function on my own. I am currently on 40 mg of vyvanse plus a 60 mg dose of Strattera. Even with these, I can not function on my own, and this is only my second semester.

I just don't know how to do anything without getting distracted. Today, I have an exam, right? I took the entire weekend, and constantly told myself, "I have to study. You *will* fail this test if you do not study." What did I do? I went down rabbit holes of YouTube videos, played video games, watched TV, and even started doing research on what happened to Robin Williams, his entire life story, wait, he was on Whose Line is it Anyway? Let's watch that for 2 hours and not realise it. Oops, it's 7 am and your test is in 5 hours and you're fucked. I didn't even do my laundry. I wore the same damn pair of underwear for 3 days straight because I was out of laundry, and I was too unmotivated to take a shower, or do my laundry.

I physically can't imagine myself being able to do anything, or graduating. I can't sit down, and force myself to study with flash cards, or read over my notes. In class, I am fine, and do everything I am told/write down everything I can. I can't bring myself to do anything on my own though.

How do you guys live on your own with ADHD? How do you find motivation in anything that doesn't give you a dopamine high? It almost physically hurts to do anything other than what makes me temporarily happy, and I don't know what to do about it.

Edit: Thank you all for the amazing replies. I have tried to respond to all of them to discuss my thoughts further, remember advice, and remember certain aspects of my situation in a way to be more honest with myself. I wish I posted to this sub sooner. Get a study buddy or online motivation partner. Even a ‘body double’ (a friend or relative who will sit near you quietly doing their own thing while you work on a task). Don’t ask me why it helps but it helps to have someone nearby know that you’re working on a task and need to stay focused and they just work on their own thing at the same time... could be knitting or reading a book or anything.  As a fellow student with ADHD, I have five tips for you:

1. Exercise. Everything motivation related gets easier if you have exercised within the last 24 hours.

2. Have a spot for work, and never do non-work things there. That can be a separate desk in your room (work desk vs. other stuff desk), the laundry room in your building (for some reason dryer noise helps me concentrate), the library - whatever works for you. Just a place that when you are there, it is time for work, and if you are going to check Reddit you must physically get up and move out of that place first.

3. Schedule you to-dos: tomorrow I will work on X,Y, and Z. I will do X from 11:00-1:00...

4. Sleep. Sleep deprivation impairs executive function. Ours is already impaired, we don’t need to make it worse!

5. Argue out loud with yourself. You should physically say (and hear) both sides of the argument about whether or not this is a good time to watch Whi’s Line Is It Anyway. I was in your position but lacking the medication. Spent 2 years at university until I couldn't go on anymore. In basic terms I got super depressed. I don't know why ADHD and depression go hand in hand but maybe your brain gives up on being adamant you will do something but then you never do it.
Anyway I took a year out and have come back to university and I am more focused and having more fun.
For me working out in the 'real world' is easier than studying a subject. I can choose my job I can't choose what work I am set. I tend to choose jobs that keep me busy and require short intensive focus. Police, sales, military, yachting.
Keep at it. The best method I have found is wake up drink energy drink then just work. Don't open YouTube or Facebook or anything other than your work. Get a feel for when you are going off topic and wondering. If you get board with a section of work jump to another. That is how I tackle essays and dissertations now. I work on about 3 or 4 sections a day as it stops me burning out.
Have actual goals that you stick to. For me it is either word count or I finish at a particular time. Then I play as many games as I want.
We can do it! You can do it! Now get off reddit and smash those studies!  I ask for help and seek all the resources my university has available.

I even didn't believe it at first, but after a medical diagnosis by a neuropsychologist which uncovered ADHD inattentive type and an auditory block (essentially sometimes I hear things incorrectly or read words in the wrong order - similar to dyslexia but auditory) I was able to get "extended deadlines" for my assignments.

The core of this is my depression can worsen at times as a result of my ADHD making it hard to complete assignments.  I waited until my junior year to see a professional about what I later came to know as serious depression and my senior year to get tested for ADHD.  In hindsight if I had just sought help earlier my GPA would probably be at least 40% higher and I'd likely have avoided a substantial amount of pain. Here are some things that have helped me:

* Study buddy:- Someone doing the same class is ideal, but I've found having someone doing a similar sort of class has helped too. One semester I even did it with someone over IRC, they were in a different country at a different university, but the content of the courses were similar enough that it worked.

* Dedicated spot for study:- I've got a desk and a monitor that I hook my laptop up to, I don't use the desk or monitor for anything other than studying.  If I find myself goofing off I take my laptop and go elsewhere.  I've got dual boot set on my laptop; the study partition has no games and time wasting websites are blocked. 

* Whiteboard:- I use it to write lists, but also study notes.  It was especially useful for chemistry, only way I could learn the difference between an sn1 and sn2 reaction.

* Goal setting:- Small goals that are easy to achieve work wonders for me.  If I have a large goal I 'cheat' and say I've finished it when I didn't.  Small goals tend to be more defined and don't have the 'roadblock, too hard because xyz, do it later' aspect.

* Medication:- I've found it easier to get things done if I start my work before taking meds.  I take my meds after I've been studying for 5-10 minutes.  This avoids my attention getting focused on the wrong thing (like civilization V).


 I’m a college student finishing up my second semester at a CC; I also have ADHD-Combined. These are just some of my tips, but not everything will work for you. 

- Ask for accommodations!!! This has been the BIGGEST help in getting my work done. I have private testing, extended test time,  seven days extension on all assignments, recorded lectures, ability to leave class whenever (useful for days when the inattentiveness and hyperactivity are bad), computer use in class, and free tutoring. Seriously, these accommodations have changed my life (especially the ones related to testing and homework). I understand some people feel weird disclosing, but there is only one person who handles my accommodations at my school; she does not share anything about my ADHD, anxiety, and depression, but she does act as my advocate and helps me decide what I need to succeed in each class. 

Also, I haven’t disclosed to any professor unless *I* wanted to because I liked/trusted the professor; otherwise, all I have to do is go over my paper work and get a signature. There’s no questions about my condition whatsoever. 

I would *highly* recommend checking out what accommodations your school offers. Just make sure you have paper work that shows your diagnosis because the school will keep that on file; you’ll also have to get new paper work each semester for each class you take. It’s a hassle but totally worth the effort.  

- Maintain a healthy lifestyle. For me, this means eating a vegan diet, working out 4-6 days/week, sleeping at least 7 hours per night, and *trying* to manage my stress. I know it’s hard, but your lifestyle can make a big difference in how much you are affected by ADHD. When I don’t work out and sleep poorly, I am an anxious, distracted mess. Also, completing a work out provides me with a nice dopamine hit and a sense of accomplishment. You can even study while you’re working out by listening to lectures or reading a text book. 

-Keep a planner of some sort. My planner has been the one thing that has really kept me organized. There is no way I would’ve remembered all my assignments had I not written everything down in my color-coded system. 

Not only is my planner pretty to look at, but the colors I use (dark pink for my philosophy class, purple for English, light blue for math, light green for exercise, dark blue for chores, red for exams/important due dates, yellow for quizzes, Orange for academic meetings/activities, bright pink for social events, lavender for healthcare/beauty appointments) immediately tell me what I need to do because I’ve memorized the system. 

You don’t have to use a paper planner, but using *something* with a daily and monthly calendar component will save you so much stress and headaches. I know some people like using one on their computer/phone or even syncing calendars on multiple devices. I think that’s a great idea! 

-Avoid electronics. We all know the dreaded rabbit hole that the ADHD mind is susceptible to. Getting sucked into electronics is the biggest time-waster, so rather than tempt yourself, avoid them as much as possible. 

On my iPhone, I’ve put social media apps in one folder labeled “Don’t Open” and my partner and I committed to taking a sabbatical from social media for the semester. Yes, I’m on Reddit right now, but I haven’t been on here since December 2017. We haven’t been perfect (and neither will you if you do this); however, my partner and I both agree that taking a break from social media has made our lives infinitely better. You may have to use technology for school, but you can choose to limit your exposure at all other times. 

Further, TV is a huge distraction for me. I am working on not allowing myself to watch TV until Friday (when I don’t have classes) because it takes up too much of my time. 

- Color code your classes, notes, and calendar. This may not work for everyone, but I found it worked for me. When I write notes, much like my planner, each color has different meanings. I can see the different colors in my mind when I’m trying to recall information for tests. Plus, the color can just be more inviting and appealing to look at when it comes time to study. 

Color coding my classes has been useful because I just need to know what colors I need for my day and I don’t have to put in much more thought than that. 

-Have an accountability partner. If you can’t hold yourself accountable, find a friend, family member, or even an app to help you. My boyfriend and I are long distance, so much of your time together is spent having “study dates” over Skype. We both ask the other person how things are going, so if one of us is getting off track, we have the opportunity to recognize what we are doing and get back to work.  You don’t have to have an in-person partner to help you; I find studying with my partner on Skype works really well because I see him working hard, so I’m inclined to do the same thing. 

- Be strategic with studying. I rarely read over my notes; however, I do write them out multiple times, do as many practice tests/problems as possible, and listen to my lectures. 

If you can’t seem to sit down and read a book, try recording your lecture and playing it whenever. I listen to lectures on my way to school, while I exercise, when I’m tired and want to sleep — find time to study even if you can’t do so in the traditional sense. 

Also, on that same note, try studying in 20 minute increments. I find I retain more information this way. The only downside is that on the breaks in between, I can sometimes get distracted and have a hard time going back to studying; however, I still recommend this method or the Pomadoro method. 

- Make time to be social. This is really hard when you’re swamped with work, but hanging out with friends for a night (instead of staying home hating yourself because you can’t focus and feel depressed) may help recharge you in a way no other forms or self-care can. I find that seeing my boyfriend (which is not often since we live five hours apart) or friends helps me feel better mentally which makes me want to get my work done. 

- Ask for help. If you’re feeling overwhelmed with the work or don’t understand, ask your professors for help. Go to office hours. Get a tutor. Show up and do your best. If you still are struggling, take advantage of the resources your school and instructors have to offer! Don’t let pride or fear get in the way of you seeking guidance or support. Talking to a counselor may be useful to you too. 

- Try to keep your room/home/life tidy. I find that it’s harder for me to go study in my room when it’s a mess. My room is still cluttered and a bit disorganized (thank God I don’t have to study in my bathroom lol; it’s bad), but it’s so relaxing to be in my room and not see dirty bowls, worn clothes, and crumpled papers everywhere. Much like I write daily to-dos for school, I also find I have to plan in my household work too. So, if you need to write a note to yourself “Do laundry on Friday @ 3pm” in order to remember to do laundry, do it. Schedule chores on days when you’re not slammed with work or when you need to take a break from studying. 

Also, you can give yourself little rewards when you complete different tasks. Even just checking off a chore from a to-do list can be incredibly satisfying and motivating. 

I’m sorry for the novel. I hope this helps you. You’re in my thoughts and prayers. 💜 I’m in my second year of college and struggling too, especially because it’s been a rough year emotionally (and that only gets worse when I’m constantly mad at myself for not being productive). People have already given a lot of more concrete tips, so I’ll give my two abstract ones:
1. Don’t try to be a perfect student all of a sudden. Just try to be a little better today than you were yesterday, even if that just means studying for 5 minutes instead of not at all. Chances are you’ll fall off the bandwagon if you try to implement EVERY good habit at once.
2. Be honest with yourself! When you’re about to go on YouTube, ask yourself, “am I going to watch just one video or a few videos, or am I going to accidentally spend hours on here?” When you’re about to head back to your room after class, ask yourself if you’re going to just do nothing for the rest of the day once you get home- and when the answer is yes, don’t go home. Even when you’re actually managing to study, ask yourself if what you’re doing is effective studying.

Anyway, I tend to try and change everything about my study habits at once and then fail completely after obsessively organizing and planning for a few days, so those are just some things that have helped me! This isn't a motivational issue. It's an addiction issue. And addiction issues are often based in a lack of truly believing oneself to be fundamentally valuable.

You don't "force" yourself to study. You find the joy in living a productive life by finding the joy in a productive day. If robots ran the world and people didn't have to work and just played video games all day, we'd all be depressed as fuck because working is a human need.

So, don't think about the external "should" factors. Develop love for yourself, and then from that love, don't allow yourself to hurt yourself with things like video games. First just get off of the internet. Install the app "self-control."

Next is to make sure that you shower and get dressed FIRST THING in the morning. Not eat, not go on the computer. Shower and dress. Put on your shoes. Then make breakfast, drink coffee, etc.

Then, when you're done with that, GO SOMEWHERE public to work. A coffee shop has a nice amount of ambient noise. Somewhere where people will see you messing around on the internet.

Really, to get over addictions like this you want to cultivate a profound sense of love for yourself. You're fundamentally valuable because you're a *conscious being who FEELS,* not because you "do the right things."

Most people fuck up the ordering of those two things. They think that they're only valuable if they do the right thing. No, as a conscious being, you deserve to be happy. Your lack of knowledge, lack of understanding isn't your fault per se, but you do have to own it because it's only who you can really fix yourself.

That's my two cents. I hit this note only recently and it's resulted in a much more dramatic and permanent change than taking drugs. Try studying in the quiet part of the library. Dont bring headphones. [deleted] In college, my best strategy was to study in the most lonely corner of the library, all alone. People are distracting. Leave your phone in the dorm. Don't have a study partner because they will just distract you. Just go find that quiet place and get your homework done in solitude.

At least that's what worked for me. I am very ADHD and I graduated with a degree in engineering. Getting out of the house and studying at a coffee shop has helped me stay focused! 

You can set a timer and try to get some quality studying done, then take a study break. 

Music (preferably without lyrics) is another great tool to help with focusing. 

Lists and/or keeping an up-to-date calendar is a life saver! 

This may seem less obvious, but listen to and take care of your body. Stay hydrated, sleep well, eat when you’re hungry, etc. It’s much easier to focus on studying when you feel well! 

I just graduated from college (finally!) this weekend, and I swear, if I had a dollar for every time I have *severely procrastinated... it’s a miracle I even finished! 

You got it!!! Keep pushing forward :) I realized one of the most critical things for my success just this quarter, 2 quarters from graduation: I absolutely **cannot** study in my own home. Whether I park myself at a cafe nearby or I go to the campus library or I find an empty classroom, any and all of those options are better than trying to work from home. Even if I lock myself in a quiet room alone, my brain finds something else to be distracted by. 

Seconding the exercise thing, too. I don’t know why, but just this year I realized exercise is also critically important for my sense of well-being. And if I don’t feel good, my focus just isn’t there. 

I also highly recommend turning off any electronic devices (as much as possible) while trying  o work; making a “to do” list before you sit down to work so you can break down each study session into mini-tasks/steps so you have a less overwhelming thing  to focus on at any given time; and the last one, which was life-changing for me: *Study to your learning style.* Can’t sit still while studying? Try studying while exercising, or try using physical models, body movements, or even talking to yourself about what you’re learning. Can’t study with outside noise? Try a recording pen to record lectures (my uni gave me one of these as an accommodation) and listen to your lectures while you study your notes. And invest in a good set of earmuffs or earplugs.  What these other people have said.

Recognizing what's happening is half the battle. Coming up with a plan, and reminders are also good. Friends help too, but sometimes your phone can actually be helpful. I use my timer all the time for work, because I recognize that I hyperfocus to my detriment.

If it doesn't work for you, don't use it.

Do not be like me and be afraid to ask for help. I get so afraid and ashamed to ask for help. The embarrassment is debilitating sometimes, but even just a "hey, is there a way where we can just study together and nothing else tonight" is good.

Therapy and seeking a therapist is also good. Finding a therapist that you like is even better, or even one that asks you to come up with plans or tools you can use, even better. Woah, slow down.... take a breath.... it sounds like your medicine is not working well for you and you should look into different medication options with your doctor. To answer your question, I'm not on medicine yet though I've been diagnosed since I was a kid, but my wife helps me out a lot. Not that I think getting a significant other would be a game changer for you or that it was for me, but it can help. I think though the primary thing is letting your doctor know what's going on and seeing if you need to make some changes to your medication. 

Good luck! We're all there with you. I don't feel like reading everyone's huge blocks of texts...  

1. Bullet Journal - use this to make a fuctioning planner type dealio for yourself.  

2. Schedule times for doing shit. A block of time for school work, a block of time for play. Try to adhere as much as you can, but reward yourself for sticking to your schedule.  

3. Have an accountability buddy that doesn't have ADHD :P  

4. Wake up at the same time in the morning have a cup of coffee and use this as a slow waking up period, and plan your day.  

5. If you are a gamer, don't do homework at your computer if you can help it. Go to the library with headphones and remove yourself from any possible distractions.  

6. Get a Pomodoro timer to help with keeping focus and not burning out.  

7. Make as many friends in every class that you can. Social networking is HUGE in life, and it will help you in school too. Be good friends to them, and they will do the same back. Be careful of people who take advantage of you tho.  

8. One of the hardest things was the drive to do stuff. Exercise, and better, and sleep hygiene will help with mental state.  

9. Don't compare yourself to anyone else, you may struggle with school, but you are probably much better at a lot of other things than them.  

10. Use Microsoft OneNote! You can drag and drop shit into it. It's great! I bought a digital recorder, and recorded all my lectures. From here write down highlighted points, and then write down the timestamp of those topics in your notes. (At 15min and 34 Seconds, Professor discussed blackholes. Write down that time stamp in your notes. Then after class you can upload that wave file to the computer and put it into your OneNote, and can open it easily for reference and can hear anything you need to for class. Let your teacher know that you have ADHD and struggle with school, and tell him the methods you are taking to try and overcome your struggles. He will likely help you as well.  

11. Ask your teach for notes if they have them. Also talk to your school counselor about assistance as you can sometimes get notes, or outlines of the content from the teacher, or other students due to ADHD being a learning disability or something like that.  

12. Try to learn to do what I call  "I don't give a fuck it needs to be/get done" mentality. This takes a TON of discapline to achieve but it helped me alot. Basically you just have self affirmation but rather than "You can do this" "You are pretty" "You are successful" I use "I don't care how much of a lazy piece of shit I want to be right now, YOU GOTTA GET THIS FUCKING SHIT DONE NOW!!! Then you can go home and be a lazy piece of shit as a reward." -Me  (I literally do this all the damn time now, it has become a habit)

13. Get some good quality headphones with good sound drowning, whether that is ear buds, or over ear headphones. This will allow you to leave the "world" so you can concentrate on your own crap in your own little "world"  

14. Divide every task/homework/assignment into subtasks. Have 100 questions? Divide it into 10 different tasks of doing 10 questions at a time. It makes it smaller so it's easier to deal with.  

15. IMO Grades don't matter. Just learn what you can, seek our other sub reddits for help on the topics you need help with. The internet isn't just here for your ADHD. You can teach yourself tons of shit. Discords for different classes, IRC for some shit, Slack channels for some other shit, subreddits for other shit, and other shit for other shit. Think outside the box on how to learn, don't always focus on doing it the way everyone else does. Find your own way to do it.  

/EndADHDBlockTextRant
 I took the most comprehensive notes possible, basically regurgitating the lecture, even the little asides that I wouldn’t need to know for the test (random facts to pull out for an essay? Perfect!)

And then I sat down with a friend and made flash cards. And then sorted them into broad categories and went over and over and over. I didn’t take any sort of hard science where I did well, but for all my other classes where it was all history and theory? I linked everything together like a story. 

Edit: it’s getting to be spring soon in the northern hemisphere so study outside when you can! Find a quiet grassy spot and just reread your notes, rewrite them too. 

There is a difference between understanding material and memorizing it but if I t’s the difference between a pass and a fail, memorization is ok! In fact, for me memorization is key to understanding a concept and it might be for you as well.  Omg that's the EXACT same thing I'm experiencing right now. Literally everything. I'm in my 4th semester and about to put my whole study at risk by literally avoiding studying. My exam is on wednesday. 
I've been diagnosed since last year and things have been continuing to go downhill from there. But right now I'm in cbt and hopefully I'll learn how to manage my time properly and how to get stuff done.
I haven't read read the suggestions of the other redditors yet but you should try it.
You're not alone okay? I know you can do it and I probably can do it as well lol. 

Out of interest : in which field are you studying? :)  Study tip: actually listen to music when studying

Most find it distracting but its reported people with ADHD benefit from the music because it stimulates dopamine in the brain, good for our focus. [removed] Im chiming in becayse I am in the exact same situation as OP. Everyone always gives this advice--have a partner to sit down with you, being productive together. What do you do when this doesnt help either?? Seriously it doesn't matter if Im with someone or not, the lack of motivation and getting sucked into more interesting things is just as strong. I've been on medication before but not currently so maybe that is the problem. I feel like all of these helpful tips are almost useless without medication sometimes :( [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] Any tips to further adjust to this? [deleted] [deleted] > Most people fuck up the ordering of those two things. They think that they're only valuable if they do the right thing. No, as a conscious being, you deserve to be happy. Your lack of knowledge, lack of understanding isn't your fault per se, but you do have to own it because it's only who you can really fix yourself.

I really like this.  I am super hard on myself when I fail to do the right thing.
 This comment needs more upvotes! Your understanding of how things work and the way you explain it is absolutely impressive. Learned a lot here, so thank you! [deleted] [deleted] I'm also a college student with ADHD. I've found that, for me, taking to a public space like a coffee shop or library can have the same effect as the "body double" method described above. I bring good headphones and/or earplugs to avoid being drawn into eavesdropping on random conversations or becoming overwhelmed by the din. I would not underestimate how much bad sleep can mess you up.  If I drop below about 6,7 hours of sleep, I am completely useless the next day. 3-11 is fine if you’re consistent. 3-11 interspersed with 3-8 because some days you have to get up earlier for something is a problem.

We need adequate sleep on a regular schedule. I am very bad at this myself, but on the occasions I manage to stick to it I do notice improvement. White boards are the new love of my life. Sure I spent a day setting it all up but it is great. I put my schedule and any key dates on it. But also I put work on it and the word count/date thus I am always reminded of what I haven't done. The goals are just small and something you honestly believe you can do. Start a pattern of that.
Being honest with yourself is hard but for the best. Ask if you are going to put off work why are you even there? You're just wasting time and money. Prove others wrong. Anger works wonders for me! But also let supervisors know what is going on. We have a disability but there is often guilt or hesitation to accept help. Get all you can because no one will give it to you!
The best I can suggest is turn college into a 9 to 5 job (or whatever schedule fits your sleep pattern). Work a set period of time every day then relax for a set number of hours.
Teachers always suggest breaks when studying but that doesn't work at all for us. We know as soon as you relax that is it for the day.  How do you mean? Happy to help if I can.
 To be honest, this happened to me to a certain degree early on.  However, the benefits have far outweighed me using some of the accommodations as a crutch early on.  Someone who can vouch for you and your mental health on campus (professionally) is a huge aid to doing better academically and getting professors to understand your disability.

Yes, it hurts to say, but it's true ADHD is a mental disability.  There's nothing wrong with seeking help to be as successful as possible as a student. You just don't have a full picture of addiction. An addiction is simply a reward driven habit that takes a lot of willpower to resist.

www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao8L-0nSYzg

Kurgesagt's video on addiction is basically why you need to care for yourself to beat addiction.

If you don't think you are addicted, do nothing for 10 minutes and see if you don't feel like ass. See if you don't have negative thoughts. It is an addiction. When I tried to look for answers from family members, one of them had a response that made me skeptical of add as a real "disorder" his idea was that it was me placing a limitation on myself or some kind of excuse for behaving a certain way and told me to rise above and stop allowing myself to repeat the same patterns. It didnt sit well with me at first, but I decided that what he said made a lot of sense. I don't  want a disorder. When i told a friend of how i had a tendency to organize my bathroom drawer while I was brushing my teeth he just said I had to tell myself to "STOP" and realize that I was drifting. It worked and I am aware most times when I go off track. It's almost like it's comfortable for me, it's where my mind wants to go. Becoming self-aware is a big step. This same friend introduced me to  List making. I have a notebook and i write down things I want to accomplish for the day. I get a great sense of accomplishment checking off items on the list. It's so rewarding. It sounds weird, but give it a try. Recently I decided that the ADD is a part of me that can really flare up at times, but I have learned how to manage it and have some control over myself. I believe that if you develop your self- control you can conquer this thing for the most part!  [deleted] Just out of curiosity how much sleep do you get per night? [deleted] I would use accommodations when absolutely needed, but try not to lean on them too much either. I find deadlines to be necessary to create the motivation needed. Plus its good practice. Yeah, it's hard to find something that works for you, and sometimes you might need to change it up if it stops working. I've become accustomed to a combination of techniques, like journaling, routine building, and removing the distractions. But it's always a struggle.

The truth is, college isn't set up for people like us, so you have to hack it any way you can. Good luck! With regard to noise distractions, earplugs are cheap, and easy to keep in jacket pockets or in your bag or even in a wallet. Seriously, just the ability to cut most everything out helps me so much. That is, once I got used to remembering I had them. Great for tests, too, since headphones are almost always not allowed. I need at least 7 hours/night to do well.

If I go at all less than 7, things get bad, even if I only did it for one night. Things currently are bad for me, and Strattera is making it much, much worse because it makes me keep waking up in the middle of the night and have trouble falling back asleep. I agree with getting out of your dorm! The library is a lifesaver. For a while in college, I had this perfect place in the library right between the silent area and the regular area. (Quiet enough that I could focus, but not so silent that I was obsessing about every paper shuffle I did.) It was also right next to the oversized art books, so I could reward myself for finishing an assignment by looking at some Georgia O'Keeffe.

If you have work that needs to be done on the computer, look into browser extensions that block recreational websites for a certain period of time. You want the intense ones though, not the ones you can easily disable. I used StayFocused, which i COULD turn off. Sometimes it worked because just getting the blocked page notice would remind me that I needed to be focused, but it sounds like you need something more intense than that. As comforting as this may seem, it consistently feels like we understand we are not made to do this, but we try so hard to be part of the brick in the wall to do our best. I’m also on straterra and the same thing keeps happening to me and it makes me require 12 hours of “sleep” to feel well rested since I keep waking up in the middle of the night.  [deleted] I haven't done extensive research, but I think that there are browser extensions that are much more intense & effective than the ones I used to use. https://www.scoro.com/blog/browser-extensions-to-increase-productivity/ A list of related extensions is here.

I think that you could modify StayFocused to prevent yourself from getting around it, if you can't find anything better. My ideas would be: Delete any browser that doesn't have a productivity extension. Block the settings page so you can't make changes once you've set off the "nuclear option" (block all restricted websites for X period of time). Select "hide in chrome menu" for the extension, so you can't disable it via the extensions toolbar. Etc.

Edit: And block the download pages for browsers you don't have! As far as locations: that was definitely a big thing for me when I was in school! If you for some reason aren't able to get to the necessary location (coffee shop is closed because it's snowing, etc) the biggest thing for me is keeping my momentum going. I'm not in school anymore, but I know when I get home from work, I have to start making dinner right away or I'll just lie down in bed and end up having frozen burritos for dinner. 