Diagnosed late in life, excited to be moving forward TL;DR;  even with lots of  mental health services through the decades, mixed bag of triumphs and disasters until diagnosed in my 50's. Looking forward to whatever's left of life, could be a lot!

First grade.  Principal tries to shame me out of continual daydreaming by loading on extra work.  By fourth grade my desk was pulled up next to teacher's, constant disrupter, never did any homework,  got straight A's.  High school, did all the good kid stuff, state-level music groups and sports, but also drugs, pregnancies, fistfight with my dad. suicidal gesture (no injuries, no one knew)...  Lots of drugs...  Admitted myself to rehab on my 20th birthday...  relapses, and then sobriety via 12 steps...  Dean's list in uni, but never graduated.   15 years in AA etc. many years sober, several therapists, friends wonder why I'm dry but not getting better.  They all move on eventually.   Heard about adult ADHD on NPR,  totally related to the interviewees, but figured the article was bunk cuz I'm just like that but I'm not ADHD. Mental health pro's, where were you?

Eventually I marry, have kids, in-laws make their low opinion of me quite clear.  Anger snaps, kids jump at my vocal outbursts, which surprise me, too... I dont hit or hurt, but know fear and anger wound kids as badly, yet there I go again...  Most successful collaborations of my wife and I are turning a pretty little bungalow into a dismal fixer-upper while spending down her inheritance, funds more than enough to pay for kids' college.  Oh, holidays were nice, sex was off the charts... but mostly we're just getting worse...

 Now I'm closer to 60 than 50 years of age. I divorce my wife, kids are all but estranged.  I'm earning six figures,  though - high intensity tech  job that most people smart enough to do are also smart enough to avoid. Then a weekend in ICU treating a stroke from the stress of living in continual hyperfocus (fully recovered from stroke now, thank science!).  Then biggest successes at work ever while fighting a looming layoff.  Dr says reduce stress to avoid a worse stroke- ok, how?!?  

Tryna be a dad still.  Third day in a row I forget to pick up the kids for school (high school age but very dependent), kids are pissed off, ex-wife bursts out "Do you THINK you MIGHT have ADHD?!!?" and I realize this is about the hundredth time I'm hearing this, just never so vehemently....  and I've been seeing a new therapist for a few months, he has a PhD, best of the lot so far, really.  I ask him "Should I get evaluated for ADHD?" and he laughs "Already done! Here's a coupon for Vyvanse, go see your Dr to get a prescription!"

I'd like to say it's been happily ever after, but not gonna lie.  A lifetime of bad habits might take a lifetime to repair.  Yes, I have a disorder,  but I can also legit be an asshole.  Or self-defeating.  

On the other hand, the first day on meds was like seeing color for the first time - no idea what I'm looking at, but I can tell everyone else sees it, too, and I can tell its important.   A year and a half later - My friends!  I  have actual friends!  And my kids are solidly in my corner,  and getting pretty successful and independent, and I've lost 50 pounds, healthier than I've been in decades, and my girlfriend and my ex get along... 

Dunno if I'll ever feel whole,  or free of this.  But I know now I've at least got a chance.  And I am absolutely the happiest I've ever been.  So, good enough!  And better on the way!   Congrats! I was diagnosed as an adult as well. Started meds and being able to identify those moments of what I normally would be like prior has helped me be so much more self aware. 

Best of luck on your journey! Yep seeing in color for the first time is pretty amazing. I was totally living in a fog unmedicated. I now see why I'm divorced as well. Im excited though to be putting my life together and having order for the first time and not making or doing the same stupid shit I thought was right before my diagnosis. I seriously gotta get some friends though I have absolutely none. I do know a lot of people but none I can call up and be like hey lets hang out. I usually back out of a friendship as soon as someone pisses me off. Im more aware and actually care about peoples feelings now where once I was self centered. Hey good luck with everything and I hope you continue to feel better. Congratulations. You deserve this shot. Prepare for some more bumps, but be prepared to be able to handle it a bit better :-) Looking forward to the film that is your life. I too was diagnosed late in life (63) and am overwhelmed with the diagnosis. I have had psychiatric problems all my life. First diagnosed at 16 with depression. Then followed an eating disorder. Then a bipolar diagnosis. I also have mild Tourette's. Now it is thought I may not have bipolar after all or even a bit of both adhd and bipolar. I don't know how to start again. Am I too old even? In the process of meds change. Taking atomoxetine and clonidine for the adhd. Clonidine works for the tics also. They won't let me try stimulants because they aggravate tics apparently.Trying to reduce some of the bipolar meds. I am under an adult ADHD consultant (he is a psychiatrist), a different psychiatrist for bipolar and I see a Tourette's specialist every year for a review. Where do I start?  I can't process all of this. I have a husband of 38 years, 3 grown children and 3 beautiful grandchildren. I want to start enjoying my life rather than existing in a muddled chaos that passes for my brain. I've been socializing mainly through organized activities - a concert chorale, plus tech-oriented and biking-oriented Meetups.   