Study Skills--College/Biochem Major First of all, reading all these posts is making me tear up because I've felt so alone and...broken for so long. I used to be the "perfect student" until I hit college and no longer knew how to student. I could no longer compensate like I had in the past. I am now almost 26(F) and just returned to school this Fall. I returned to pursue biochemistry not because I feel the pressure to get a certain degree, but because I'm genuinely interested/passionate about the subjects. 

&nbsp;

My main issues include: inattentiveness, handwriting, organization, memory. Ex: one of my bigger issues is handwriting. Physically writing my notes is painstaking, but it really helps me study. I've found if I just type the notes, I barely retain anything--relating back to the memory problems.
&nbsp;
Things I have tried: using a planner, setting alarms (poor memory), making lists, prioritizing, using google calendars; mostly organization skills.

&nbsp;

Tl;dr: got diagnosed 4 years ago after having a complete breakdown and plummeting grades despite putting in the work. I'm back in undergrad, on meds, but still feel clueless. How do I student best with ADHD?

 I replied to you in another thread but I forgot to mention something. 

I'm taking Biochem right now and our professor records his lectures. During class, I can't retain information but when I listen to lectures later, I'm better at understanding the materials. What also helps is that the professor uses slides with minimal text and lots of visuals, so I print those out. I just write down key phrases instead of hand-copying notes. Sometimes, it's a bit difficult to sit down and listen to lectures again, but it really does help to to understand concepts better when I hear the material twice.  Oh, honey, I sooo feel ya on this. 

I was also the “perfect student,” even through undergrad. Gifted and talented, bookworm, super nerd, never really had to work hard because everything always clicked for me. Undergrad is certainly harder than high school, but it’s still structured, with small, manageable chunks and regular and concrete deadlines. Learn, study, take test or write paper, repeat. 

When I started grad school, I kept up for a couple of semesters, but it didn’t take long for me to realize how poor my study habits and discipline are. I never developed them because I never needed them (and couldn’t have really, anyway, because ADHD!).  Grad school is so self-passed, with big projects that you have to manage your time to accomplish, and I suck at it. When I finally finish my papers, they are brilliant. But I never finish anything on time! Luckily I have professors and mentors who know me, know what a good student I am, who get it and work with me. But I ended up having to scrap my first attempt at a thesis after doing everything but defending it and find a new advisor after working under him since my junior year of undergrad because it got so bad that he couldn’t count on me to finish stuff at all. That was a huge kick in the ass for me that I’m still recovering from. 

Im the same way with writing out my notes, and there is actually empirical evidence that shows that this is true for everybody, not just us shinies. Check out:  http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0956797614524581

It makes even more sense for us, though, because it forces our brains to really slow down and pay attention to what we are transcribing. 

I don’t have a lot of helpful advice, because I’m still largely in the same boat. But offering you solidarity and encouragement. You can do this! This may be a stupid suggestion, but is there any way you could find another student (a Type A one without ADHD who needs some cash) who you could pay to meet with you daily, send text reminders, and keep you on track? Given what college costs, it may be worth to throw some extra money at it to make sure you get through it and through it successfully.  I am a biochem major too! I've gone through similar experiences where I went from being a "perfect student" to barely keeping up with everything and it hit me very hard. 

For me, the best way to keep myself on track is to have a planner which I made myself out of a simple notebook. I write down every task/obligation/reminder for each day as soon as it is mentioned, no matter what. I made it a habit to look at that notebook every time I sat down to study so I know if I have deadlines coming up. I've tried SO MANY planners and journals that I bought but they never really worked for me. I don't know why, but making my own has made a huge difference in terms of actually keeping track of my life.

I also feel like writing my notes is the best way to retain information! I found it very helpful to read through the textbook and write down some key points before the lecture. That way, I would have a general idea of what is being covered so that if I do end up drifting off and getting distracted, it wouldn't be as bad as if I was learning the information for the first time. During class, I would use the notes I brought and add some notes in or draw relevant diagrams and pictures to help keep me focused. 

I use color codes for everything so when I review the notes for an exam or something, it helps me remember things a lot easier since I would remember the act of switching out pens or highlighters for that part. I usually have ~5 different colored pens and ~3 highlighters so I could assign meaning to each color (ie. green=main point; blue=mechanisms; red=theory). 

I still feel like I'm struggling to balance everything and things still fall through the cracks, but these changes have helped me so much in getting better grades and getting my life organized (relatively...)! 
 