I don't know if this the proper place to post this, but I made a painting the difference between my unmedicated mind and my medicated mind. Hope you guys enjoy it! Here's the [link.](http://imgur.com/YwS8hV0) Feel free to ask me anything about my painting in the comments! Art degree here. Hope you are down for a little critique. I love the concept. I think you should redo it on two canvases as like a diptych. The contrast in the colors is great. I love that it shows the dichotomy between the two sides. Id love to see the medicated version more developed to be expressive like the off medication one. Either that or have that one be clean, crisp, neat.

I was gonna ask to buy the first one because it's amazing but I noticed this was on one canvas. Definitely the two canvases if you decide to recreate! Haha,good job I wonder which one is the meditated side..... They don't make it in 40mg do they? Yeah, that's pretty much it. I wonder which one is the meditated side..... Thanks for the critique! I really appreciate the interest you took in it and if I decide to recreate it, I agree that two canvases would work better and the medicated side could definitely be more developed as a concept. However, I tried to paint each side in the states they reflect and my medicated state is a bit less creative than my unmedicated state haha. But I really appreciate the compliments (especially regarding the colors since I'm colorblind and I tend to kind of fuck up when it comes to making colors work or contrast one another) and if I recreate it, I'll be sure to try to adjust it using your critique! Thank you! Thanks! Glad you enjoyed it! Nah, the pill I drew is based off the 30mg orange pill of Adderall XR, but I decided to make it 40mg because that's the dosage I take (10mg capsule + the 30mg capsule taken together, along with a 20mg IR tablet when needed). You posted twice friendo I think you captured it pretty well on the medicated side. I think conceptually portraying that could have been more developed. I think for me id go with what you did but whip out a ruler and do some very precise lettering and positioning so you get that feeling that everything is focused and slower, more concentrated.

As for the colors, you have two complementary colors and some variations. You have blue then cream, yellow, orange, white. So mostly warm colors with a complementary cool. It looks very cool!

I miss art.. =( Whoops Thanks for letting me know that the colors worked and I'll definitely work on the focus and conceptual development of the medicated side if I end up recreating it! And you should continue art! =) Unmedicated side ;) 