Something I really love about my ADHD I was thinking today and I thought of something I really love about being ADHD...

I find that every time I'm outside or walking somewhere I really notice the beauty of the places around me. I'm constantly awed and excited each time by the beauty around me. Even if I see it everyday, the world always seems new to me, and each time I see anything I really appreciate and take notice of the beauty of life.

This may only apply to me, but I feel like it's because of my ADHD that I get so excited and awed of the beauty of life. 

Does anybody else feel this way?

I'm also fairly optimistic about life but I feel like my ADHD adds more optimism and appreciation in my life as well.  Wow, what meds are YOU on? ; )
I wouldn't describe it quite the way you do, but I think I'm a more positive and optimistic person because I'm ADD. I think it forces you to be more resilient in the face of failure, and helps you see more possibilities in the world. That said, I've been through many periods of frustration, despair and depression, before being diagnosed and after, for familiar reasons--not accomplishing goals, difficulty w relationships, life chaos, etc. The more I've learned about managing myself, the less often that happens. I absolutely believe being ADD has its advantages.  I am similar to you. I do notice things especially if I'm in a place I've never been before. I am also like that with machines, structures and similar man made things. I notice the little obscure details and wonder why one element was designed that way as opposed to another. I am in awe every time I fly while the person sitting next to me seems to categorize the experience the same as tying one's shoes. Yeah, I really find the world beautiful. I feel like i'm the only one in my town who never gets sick of the beautiful winter, even if its cold and dark:)  I could imagine you are being in ultra sarcasm mode. I've heard more people with ADHD describe it like this. I don't have this at all. All the stimuli around me actually create a kind of fog in my head. Yes!  For the longest time I just assumed everyone saw things in this way. This makes so much sense now :-)  Now I gotta ask OP, have you ever experimented with psychedelics? I only ask because many who have, report an enhanced appreciation for even the most minute detail. Just wondering if certain brain chemistry allows that effect to stick around, or if maybe it's the other way around.  I don't know if it's my ADHD or some other part of my nature, but I also feel intense awe at the beauty of the world, especially during warmer seasons when I'm outside and away from people.  Great post. I feel the same way, in fact whenever I hit a rough patch I can always look from the perspective that I eat every day, have clothing and a place to live. Then I take into account the specifics of my life and am seriously in love with living my particular experience in this form at this time. Most regular people I know constantly forget just how amazing life is right now.  I really like the positivity behind this. Many people, including myself at times, feel so down about this disorder but we all need to remember that we cannot change how we are wired and must embrace it for what it is. 

Thanks for helping me to stay my day off on the right foot OP! I have the same glowing and unrelenting appreciation for music and the arts. 

Don't get me wrong I love nature and I love beauty, but art in most forms *really* does it for me.  Do you really think ADHD is the cause of this? I don't know if it's the ADHD or who I am or how I was raised, but I really love fun, colorful things. I've spent the past two nights tie-dyeing, and as a 26 year old man, I know that's not quite the norm. It makes me happy though. I have lots of little hobbies, which I know is typical with adult adhd, and I love it. I love knowing a little bit about everything. Plus, no one multitasks like we do! Yes!  I get this feeling very frequently too.  I feel like I am able to have an appreciation of all the little details around me that just go over most peoples heads.  I find I have to be in the right mood though.  When I'm feeling good, all the beautiful little details of the world around me stand out, and I can't help but marvel at them.  When I'm not in a good mood.. well, lets just say everything I see pisses me off somehow.  

With a brain that works in overdrive, it's a blessing and a curse.   This. This is why I am a photographer, and why i try to keep my camera with me whenever possible.  I might be of an unpopular opinion, but after overcoming depression with medication and therapy, my ADHD meds make me feel happier too. Being able to notice things and fine detail after a long period of dullness is beautiful.  I feel the exact opposite. I'm super negative and feel like I don't like people very much, but when I'm medicated I feel so much happier and social because I can get out of my own head and everything I do feels more natural. 

ADHD-PI btw.  Fire and water pseudo-hypnotize me. One of the best posts on this sub and so true. I have limited filters when it comes to observation. Great for nature; terrible for office work or social events. Lends credence to the hunter-gatherer hypothesis with respect to ADHD. I love life :) (even when I hate myself)

My boyfriend says I have a childlike curiosity as a 30 something, nature is just mind blowing, and there are so many things to see while out in it, and I always need to know "Why?", even if it leads to many hours of seemingly pointless googling.

I feel that I am able to get a more "zoomed out" view of everything, because I am not focused on one thing like everyone else seems to be, so, they might see a bug on a leaf, while my brain is busy scanning over the entire tree to see how the bug got there, whether it is alone, whether it is eating the leaf, or laying eggs, or just sitting there.  Then I need to know what adaptations the tree has made to deal with the bug, and how the bug has responded.  Yes! I am probably the most optimistic person I know (and that is despite a major trauma-induced depressive episode a few years back). And I am naturally pretty appreciative/grateful about life in general, too. I ABSOLUTELY ascribe it to my ADHD (and I am inattentive type, even!) 

If I were a cynic, I would say it is because of my inability to judge time correctly (there will be enough! No worries!) and according to Barkley, my lack of hindsight. So, every new situation isn't bogged down by the baggage of a previous one.   

I think it is just that as an ADDer, I tend to be better about seeing the big picture rather than the little one and so I can keep things in perspective really well. Also, I am pretty forgetful so I tend to just not remember bad stuff, and I don't often notice other people's mistakes or even purposeful slights. And, my air headedness often means routine kindnesses are, to me, unexpected little surprises - even if they happen every week. Heh. Oh I feel you! I have definitely had my downs as well (diagnosed with depression recently). 

I feel like I'm very resilient, especially when I'm faced with something I don't want to be faced with. I have a very good way of just not letting things get to me- instead I focus on the things I love and which ways I'm blessed and I find it so much easier to move past bad times.

That isn't to say I don't get sad or upset, I do, just like everybody else. I just don't stay that way for long, and I usually only get upset about very large problems or issues or events. 

I guess I just took the quote "don't cry over spilled milk" and applied it to my life. I have to say I have always been a very happy person and I believe it's because I focus more on the things I'm grateful for, and less for the things that bring me down. 


Edit: just wanted to add some stuff Me too! Sure, driving in snow sucks, but otherwise, I don't really get it when people complain constantly about winter. It is SO BEAUTIFUL and feels so magical to me. I never thought about this being related to my ADD but that's an interesting thought. i'm not lol. sometimes i'm just a little over-the-top in love with life :D sometimes I feel that way also, especially when I forget if I took my meds and take them 3 times. maybe try focusing on one thing... like the sky. sometimes i can look at the sky and get lost in it... just in awe of how big the world is and how small we are. that might help! 

because i understand what you mean, it's like so much stimuli that your brain goes into overdrive and instead of recording and recognizing everything, it like shuts down because it can't handle all that at once. this happens to me sometimes as well. 

sometimes i also like to close my eyes (if i'm riding in the car) and roll the windows down and just enjoy the wind and the sound of the wind and the feel of the sun on my skin. 

appreciation isn't always with our eyes :)  [deleted] i have not! i smoke weed, but i don't dabble in any other drugs. honestly i feel like i would enjoy them too much so i just stay away... but i feel like my ADHD gives me an enhanced ability to appreciate the miracle of life.. lol, cheesy, but thats how it feels! oh yes! when it's warm - ah i love it. the sun, i always say, is my love. i love the sun so much.. just like walk outside and BAM your eyes are blinded for a mere moment and as you look up at the sky, there she is. bold, bright, beautiful, and ready to warm you up for the day. 

i have lived in arizona so i'm not sure if this has anything to do with it, but damn i just love being outside. especially when it's nice outside, it's like it recharges my internal batteries or something.  yes! this!

i am *so* glad that i am who i am. and that i have the life i have. like honestly how could you not be in love with life? i understand bad things happen, but there are SO many awesome things happening all around us every second. Nature is an astounding thing and i wish more people appreciated it nowadays! no problem! a little optimism is always a good thing :D

i also always think it makes me more unique, like i have a step-up on the competition because i can think of things in different ways. especially with creative ventures, i feel i'm at an advantage because i don't think the same way as everybody else. 

 ohhh i love the arts as well. movies and stuff are always fun too I feel like it is, because my focus is constantly shifting around when I'm outside I absorb my surroundings much better. I can understand what I'm looking at, for it's true self, and see the true beauty of the world.  i love colors too! especially just like really beautiful colors and patterns. 

i especially love looking at glass pipes and stuff, because i find them to be soooo pretty.

or arizona sunsets, i love those so much as well. it's like colors are more vivid or are just really pleasing to look at for me.  yeah i can understand that, i don't so much do that with nature but with people. i find if I'm in a bad mood i notice all the little annoying things a person is doing, even if it isn't very much. 

usually when i go outside, it makes me much happier though. i kind of realize "damn why am i in a bad mood, the world is such a fucking awesome place, it's a shame to be upset" kind of thing.  me too! don't you feel it gives you a leg-up because you're able to see things differently?

also, have you ever done a project related to ADHD? i've always wanted to do something that had to do with ADHD... maybe a self portrait series or something. i don't know. i just wanna show people through photographs that ADHD is not such a bad thing and maybe show them (somehow, i am not sure) what it is like to see through the eye of an ADHD person. yes! another reason why i love ADHD is because it gives me something to work on. when i overcome something i was struggling with, even something small, i feel great when i am able to finally overcome it~ that's interesting - i can understand feeling more natural when i'm on meds though. although i've always been extremely optimistic so i am sure that has something to do with me really appreciating the world i live in. 

optimism is great, but at the same time, sometimes i am blinded by it. my boyfriend is more realistic and i like that because sometimes i need someone to get my head out of the clouds. then at the same time, when he's being negative, i can help him see a more positive light.  agreed! anytime i see swirling light or reflections it's really amusing and captures my focus for awhile thank you! that really made me blush lol. totally agree with the crowds thing.. it becomes a blur because there is just too much stimuli. plus i tend to eavesdrop really bad so it's a crazy amount of information for my brain all at once haha You totally just described me. I often feel like I have the mentality of a little kid also!! (21 now). Like the smallest things make me go "whoa that's so cool!" And I'm constantly amazed by the little wonders of the world. 

Glad to know I'm not the only one :)

Could I ask you another thing about the child mentality? I feel like this applies to my life in many situations and I've always wondered if anybody else felt the same... I love kids TV shows, I tend to be really silly/goofy like a child, and I also enjoy playing games made for children too. Would you say the same for you or am I just *extra* childish? lol. 

(Also this is not to say that I cannot act like an adult- I can be very professional and mature when I need to be, albeit it's not as fun as just being silly)

Thanks!! I like the explanations you gave, you perfectly described how I feel about life in a way that I couldn't have put into words.

I totally think the lack of memory aids in my optimism... You can't be mad about something when you've forgotten what it is, right?

Also seeing the big picture, I totally do this too. Small stuff doesn't matter whether you fail or succeed as long as you know in the long run, you'll be successful. 

Do you ever feel like your optimism brings greater things into your life? Or maybe not necessarily "brings" good things to your life, but I feel like the positive thinking has done wonders for my life. 

It's like I can get anything done when I envision in my head that it's already happened. Rarely does something not go my way (my life motto is "where there's a will, there's a way" lol) in life, and if it does, I will find out later down the road it was a *really* good reason I didn't get what I wanted at that time.

Idk, that sounds kinda crazy, but I just feel like sending my positive thoughts out into the universe makes my life better... Like the universe is rewarding me or something. Idk haha that ended up being a long rant so I'm sorry! Haha I am the same I am too busy noticing what catches my eye and not the whole environment and I get caught up in the many thoughts that swirl constantly in my head.  Not cheesy at all! Weed is technically classified as a psychedelic, and couldn't hurt in this scenario. I bet it is the ADHD though. Not many people talk about it, but some folks diagnosed with ADHD actually experience some mildly remarkable effects. For example, focusing on/processing multiple things at once, always mentally planning a move or two ahead so there's no time wasted JUST planning, etc. Like I said, MILDly remarkable lol. I suspect what you're experiencing could have something to do with that. Our minds work differently, but sometimes that allows us to take more in  :-) EXACTLY!  

I wish more folks could look at it that way :) I still don't know if passion for things you're interested in is a "side effect" of ADHD, seems like it could be. But I definitely feel at times like I have passion for various bits of life that most don't seem to have.

It's also possible that people just don't share about it the way I do, which would make me believe I'm unique in this when really I'm just open and expressive about it.  Sounds like it could be a mural or collage of some sorts. Mosaics describe how ADHD feels to me rather well. It's difficult to portray the kind of flux, motion, and change associated with ADHD, especially on a static medium... But, I like the idea. Let's both make a project of it, and reconvene sometime down the road when it's finished and compare/contrast... Maybe get a critique going? Hehe, sounds like my girlfriend :P

Being the more naturally cynical one, I often see problems she will miss, and being the positive one, she'll often point out opportunities I will miss. We make a pretty good team.  This happens to me too - but mainly when I'm in a very social setting or a large crowd (like the fair or a party). There's like so much going on I kind of just go into auto-mode and will not listen to what people are saying (if I'm having a conversation with them) but rather just kinda nod and smile while I try and process all the information around me.

It's like my brain can only process so much at a time, and when I'm in an area that's heavily populated my brain becomes a hazy fog. 

But if there's not many people around, I don't have to focus on them and instead can focus on my surroundings.  yeah i totally think i have that.. it's weird, but i enjoy it. like i'm able to perceive the world in a different way.. especially when high, but even when i'm not i still feel that i am seeing things differently than those around me. which i don't mind at all! oh that sounds interesting.. could you show me an example of what you mean? i would really enjoy that!  i think so too! it's a great checks and balances system. i enjoy it a lot as well :) As far as showing you, I'll need some time to create, since I can't think of how to phrase what I'm looking for on Google images... But basically let's challenge ourselves to visually represent ADHD in picture form, then compare our results when they're finished. i have an idea. i'm really excited about it - i think i'm going to spend a loot of time shooting over summer. i think this is the first time i've really been excited about a project and wanted to work on it for a long time, at least, one that is my own unique idea. 

i'm like super pumped about this right now haha. 