Is there a physiological test, some sort of brain scanning or actual measurement, that I could take, in order to further confirm the diagnosis? I am diagnosed. I have gone with a psych for a while now. 

I do however would find very interesting to find some sort of material evidence in regards to my ADHD. 

Do you guys know if this is at all possible? If so, could you point me in the right direction? To the best of my knowledge the only physical evidence of ADHD we have Is there's this test you can get done where they basically scan your brain and it shows up in a bunch of colors and people with ADHD the colors are all fucked up. I saw it in a psychology class two years ago  so I don't remember what it's called or anything I did something called a Brain Network Activation test at the suggestion of my psychiatrist who does them. He said the working memory score, along with a self-assessment,  confirms/suggests ADHD. My results were not great. It measures other things, too.  http://www.quotient-adhd.com

The quotient test is the only thing I know of that's FDA approved to help diagnose ADHD. My insurance covered it. Your doc has to have the actual machine or send you to a facility that does. My psychiatrist wouldn't prescribe me adderall even though I showed her my current rx bottle and 2 years worth of office notes showing I've been seeing another doc that's been prescribing me it. She said I had to test positive on the Quotient test before she would consider me for any ADHD treatment.

Obviously it showed I have ADHD so :P Thanks bro, for your input. >My results were not great. 

I'm curious. Why is that? :)





 Working memory is part of the brain’s executive function, which is primarily affected by ADHD. :) I have a poor working memory.  Very Interesting. So there is a test like that. I wonder if its costly. 

Is anyone else is interested, here is a resource I found in google: https://smwhome.net/2015/07/29/what-is-brain-network-activation-bna-testing-return-to-golf-after-spine-surgery/ 