It always amazes me when someone remembers the eye colour of a person they just met. I am way too busy forgetting their names to notice their eyes.  Never in my life have I noticed the eye color of someone unless they were abnormally pretty eyes.  Definitely depends on the type of person you are too.

**Most of the people I work with**: I know their profession, previous professions, their academic background, their hobbies outside of work *before* I remember their name.
 "Does [close friend you've known for years] wear glasses?" Is one of my favorite ways to tease my husband. Agree.  I can't remember eye color of some (oh, OK... Most) of my closest friends!  i can’t remember the colour of anyone i know’s eyes
(except one, but that’s because she sometimes complains about her brown eyes) People, all people have eye colors? I thought I was the only one! I thought I was a freak! So my imaginary friend didn't leave me to play with others because of my eyes?!?

 Or their name! Many agreeing with you. Though, how many of you actually try to remember someone's eye color? I do remember the eye color of some friends but that's because I have actively tried to be conscious about it and remember it.  Same. Can barely remember my own eye color or a partner's, much less a new acquaintance's Omg. I have very abnormal eyes (one blue and one green) so I get comments on them everyday, but if you EVER asked me what color their eyes were...
You'd think I'd be better at it by now... 
 In what way does it amaze you?  I remember if they have dark eyes or light eyes most of the time.

My thing is I notice almost every time I see someone write if they're left handed or not. Not something most people spot without concentrating but I do. I've even noticed it on one person seeing their handwriting. It was the man who diagnosed me with ADHD. The eye color (and eyes in general) are the main feature I tend to remember on people’s faces.

Also, the only one 🤷‍♀️ 
(I’m generally horrible at remembering faces) I get this too personally.  I'll remember their name if it's something unique like 'Solomon' or 'Reginald' or something like that, but if they have a standard-issue name like 'greg' or 'beth' then I'll probably forget their name forever.  I have a friend named jack, and even after seeing him about every other day for about 4 months, I still could not for the life of me remember his name.  I ended up remembering because I started asking him his name every time I wanted to say anything to him. 