Tip: Color Code Grocery List By Section Around 6 months ago I started color coding my grocery list by area of the grocery store (at the suggestion of my therapist/adhd coach), and it has greatly reduced my grocery shopping anxiety (I used to end up just not going in around 1 in 3 attempts), AND I don't forget things when I do it.

Just the other day I only had around 7 items to pick up and thought, "No need to take the time to color code". Not only did I forget something, but it took way longer than anticipated and I spent half the time wondering if I was done with that section. 

Grocery shopping is so important, because eating. Otherwise I just eat out every meal, because drive thru.

The main thing is to group items by section so I don't walk in circles over and over. It makes shopping way quicker, and stresses me out way less. Totally worth the four minutes it takes.

TL:DR - write your shopping list by section of store = less anxiety, more accuracy. This might work for me, being a genius who still forgets things even with a list. Even while staring at it the whole fucking time I'm shopping.  I don't colour code, I list them in order of how the store layout is. First section I walk through highest on list etc. Also check boxes are a must. I probably look a bit obnoxious constantly pausing and messing with my phone, but it sure beats not having dinner that night.  I've found having a strict no drive thru policy does a lot for me I am horrible at the grocery store. So I decided to just order my groceries online. I cannot tell you how much it has saved me! I can make my list (if I remember). I can take all day to fill my cart without being surrounded by others. Also you can go back and add things to your cart before midnight.  It has saved me so much!!  Great idea! I write mine in order of aisles.  I just try to not get too high before so that I'm present and able to critically and efficiently analyze what foods I should be eating.  this also works with note taking/studying. couldn't agree more! I write mine in aisle order, but 50% of the time forget to take the list with me and have to look at every single item to recall if I need it.   Geez.  AnyList. Apps exist so you don't have to spend this time.  The problem area of the store for me is always the produce section. By that time, I'm usually tired of standing on my feet, so I frequently punt and check out. This! I use the Wunderlist app on my phone. This helps because checkboxes and I can also add stuff to it at random times whenever I think of something. 

I normally write out the list in conjunction with meal planning, and then look through the cabinets to see what I else i need. I then rewrite the list in store layout order, and enter it into Wunderlist in that order. 

It makes it damn near impossible to forget anything, and the checkboxes that make the checked item go to a different section of the list means no more sifting through the cart to check if you actually got something or not!  That's my goal, and planning out my shopping has helped immensely.  I do this too!! I save so much money, and am so much more organized/intentional in what I buy. It's seriously such a life changer. Me too, but that means I have to rewrite the list I scribble all week on the side of the fridge. I think I'll try just highlighting them by aisle next grocery run.  Phone. AnyList app. :).  Just don't leave the phone at the store  That's why I go there first! Otherwise I just get too tired. 