Going med-free and working a stressful job. Help? I was diagnosed with ADHD after I actually sought help for anxiety and stress; turns out they think those feelings are a result of how my brain works! I was put on dex, which was good - not amazing, but helpful. I've since moved (from Australia to the UK) and am on a waiting list to see a psychiatrist here. Given the NHS waiting times, and my dwindling supply of dex, I'm trying to stop taking it, so I can "save" it for days when I'm particularly stressed or will have to focus more than usual (big reports, assignments or conferences where I have to sit still!).  
My job involves a lot of complex problem solving and a lot of figuring out finances and legalities - I work in investments, but don't have training in those areas. I'm very good at problem solving and picking up information quickly, but it's quite stressful and demands that my brain stay on track and work hard much more than my previous jobs.  
Tips for maintaining focus and just overall brain power? 

TL;DR Job is stressful and demanding in the brain department. Going off meds. Tips on learning, focusing and being calm and productive?  Color coding is your friend, so are sticky notes. Get an agenda planner, an actual notebook planner. Color code EVERYTHING in it. Nowadays there are agenda planners that will break it down to the hours in your day. Try the collegiate planners or Erin condren. They can be completely customized to your needs. They are pricey but I'm sure you can expense it. I wouldn't recommend putting things in your phone, because every time you look at it in your phone you will get distracted by apps and games and texts etc. Start a routine. Work out in the morning, burn off some extra energy. I'm not saying sprint 4 miles in the morning but going for a brisk 1 mile walk will do wonders. Get the recommended amount of sleep. Also I recommend caffeine; don't overdo it. My absolute favorite is Tejava unsweetened black tea. I've found that maintaining a routine has helped because if I don't do something I will feel it missing rather than just forget all about it. The most important thing for me is to take breaks. Get up from your desk and go walk around. Don't work while you eat your lunch, take a water break. Give yourself the breaks you need so you don't burn out. Figure out your limits. You have some of your medication, so figure out when you hit your unmedicated work wall and plan out presentations and important meetings in your planner! 

I'm on mobile so I wish I could say more but please message me if you need anything else!

Source: work a stressful corporate job, have ADHD, unmedicated. Exercise either before work or during lunch if you can - it helps a lot. Sometimes I find that clearing off my desk and listening to white noise (or the sounds of a train) through some Isolating headphones  helps too.  Good luck!  