I have a huge exam tomorrow and would like some tips on how to calm myself to be able to sleep. This is an entrance exam for a Belgian engineering school. There was a first session in July, but I failed it. The night before that exam, I just couldn't get to sleep because math formulas kept racing in my head.

I tried to calm myself down, but my mind would automatically go to the math and I would start doing problems in my head without even realizing.

Does anyone have any tips on how to stop my mind from racing? Quick form of meditation to try:

You know how when you push your palms against your eyelids, the lights and colors seem to form random patterns? Lay down, get comfortable, and let your mind drift.  

Don't try to "clear your mind", instead, once you are comfortable you start to see those same flashes of color and pattern, let them drift whatever way they want to like fireworks in the skyscape of your mind, pushed by the wind.

Don't need to concentrate on your breathing,  that comes on its own, stop thinking about it.  Do try not to fidget, make a conscious effort to remain as perfectly still as possible.  Your brain is going to try to wake your body up by making you jerk, or roll over, or scratch that itch on your ankle.  If you force yourself not to move, your brain and body get the idea that you aren't going anywhere for a while, and automated processes start to kick in to release sleep chemicals (IANAD, just experience).

Let your mind drift,  like a daydream, don't think, just lay there, still as possible, and let the images flow.  If you catch your mind racing, you consciously FORCE yourself to stop.  When you start with the questions and the thoughts about what will happen with the exam, and that bill that you let go overdue, etc,  You force it all away immediately with an explosion of color and then watch as the patterns start to shift.

TLDR:  Drifting mind, not clear mind.  Don't move once you are comfortable, even if you start to feel uncomfortable.  Stomp hard on those racing thoughts and replace them with drifting colors.  You are telling your brain and body to shut up, it is time for sleep.

I can fall asleep in 5 minutes using this technique, and I stumbled across it about a year ago on my own without much effort; one night when my mind was racing. I find just counting seconds (one-Mississippi two-Mississippi etc... Starting back at one after I hit 60) can force me to focus only on that, but on bad days it can get easy to get distracted from the counting and end up back on what you were thinking about. Another thing I can suggest, that I use on days when I just can't sleep but really need to (so definitely not every day) are supplements meant to calm you down and/or put you to sleep. Melatonin is an obvious one, but a supplement called GABA I also find to be very helpful in calming me down just enough to fall asleep, but as always, these are supplements and don't work for everyone, do your research/ask you doctor before trying any of those, and don't use them often enough unless you want to not be able to fall asleep without them. Are you a guy? Because I know of a surefire way... My therapist introduced me to [mandalas](http://creativityintherapy.blogspot.com/2012/11/mandalas.html). You can print some out [here](http://printmandala.com/) and you can color them. 

I have found this to be really effective to calm my mind and help me to focus.

Good luck with your exam!! I've had a lot of sleeping problems over the years. Self meditation usually works, as described below, but I often find listening to a podcast while lying in bed often makes me drift off. Lately I've been using Let's Plays on YouTube because I'm not particularly interested in video games, but something about two familiar voices talking in the background makes me relax and then drift off. Here's the trick I always used to fall asleep during school.

When you're in bed trying to fall asleep just think of a fantasy. It doesn't matter what it is as long as you feel content and happy with it. From that point just play through the fantasy like it were actually happening. I never got more than 5 minutes in to one of these fantasies in bed before I would pass out.

Clearing your mind works for a lot of people the same way, but with ADHD there's too many distractions for it to work well for us. The fantasy gives something to focus on to block out the small distractions and the content happy fantasy calmer and relaxes you while you drift off. Are you taking medications? if so, it sounds like your meds are still active when you're trying to fall asleep. Try taking your last dose earlier or, if you only take a morning dose, drink something like orange juice a few hours before you fall asleep.  This was something I did for years, and still do on occasion to battle the busy head.

I would take my cell phone into bed with me and play a game on it to occupy my mind instead.  The catch is that it can't be a game that's *too* interactive, can't have a time limit, and can't require a high end of dexterity or excitement.  That eliminates a lot, of course.  This pretty much leaves you with games like solitaire, backgammon, and mahjong. Old Final Fantasy games can work too, but it can't be an exciting part of the game.  Leveling up a party is an excellent choice.  Keep your brain engaged, but pressure-free. 

This allows your brain to be engaged in something, but on a limited fashion.  With no timer it doesn't matter how slowly you play so there's no rush to keep the game active, so it's alright if you fall asleep with your game in your hand.  The point is to engage your brain elsewhere in a way that doesn't involve pressure.

I also like to turn on BBC Earth documentaries.  They're slow enough to sleep through, but you can also fade in and out without missing any plot points. Unfortunately no tips at all for stopping your mind from racing... but I would recommend a lot of exercise. Whatever the hell you like doing, just a lot of it, I know it takes a hell of a lot to get tired but just wreck everything you can until you don't have the will power to continue.

In short, if you fail to calm your mind, try instead to tire your body.
or alcohol... alcohol could work. (although it also makes your sleep less effective.. so only as a last, last resort) I like this idea, but I'm worried about any damage it might cause

is it really safe to put physical pressure on your eyes for an extended period of time? [deleted] [deleted] I count too. But I try to make a picture of that number in my mind eye.  I try to see the number.  It gives mind something to focus on when it starts to wander to other images, like life stuff.  I usually end up counting my breathes, just because the rhythm is close to pace count I keep.   I love doing these, I need to get a new books of them soon. I find them most effective as a study break. If OP is on stimulants combining alcohol and stims could end OP's life...

 AH!  I didn't mean to do that in bed,  only to give you a visual of what to imagine.

Sorry!

If you do that for like, a minute and watch the sparkles and flashing lights, then you can imagine it later...  ack, NOBODY GO BLIND! It's not my fault!  I said IANAD! That's awesome!  I've known it worked for me for quite some time, but I've never tried to explain the technique to anybody else before.

Glad I could help with no prep time to teach you how to meditate :) Right?  The whole "clear your mind" thing doesn't work for me, so I had to try something different to get the same calming effect.  Also, if you start to daydream, just go with it, you might fall asleep during and have an awesome night of dreaming about that subject.  If you "wake up" during the daydream and start "thinking" again, start back at swirling colors and patterns.

Also...imagine playing bejeweled or candy crush in your head if the color thing doesn't work. 