After learning about my promotion, a doctor I work with smiled at me and said, “Rachel, you’re my ADHD kid that grew up, I love you.” I guess this is my story. That same doctor I worked one on one with, for 11 hours straight... he used to curse at me and say, “dammit Rachel I don’t have time for this, you’re so damn easily distracted.” 

I was 22 yo when diagnosed. I was applying to medical school, and working as a medical scribe in the ER when three different doctors I worked with said I was textbook adhd. I didn’t take them seriously for several months before I finally was evaluated. I was always known as being “scary smart” in high school. I remember the stigma with ADHD kids. They didn’t do well in school. They were trouble makers. Okay fine.

My story:
I spent a large amount of time in high school getting into trouble. Detention. Tardiness. In school suspension. At one point I remember the attendance lady acting impressed, she was like, “how did you manage to skip every class except 2nd period?” One of my teachers retired early, he said “if I can’t teach a student like you then I don’t deserve to be teaching.” I was always in honors math, taking calculus when I was 15. But I got a C in culinary arts. Throwing lettuce on a kids head. I was an asshole. I got an C in chemistry - god I couldn’t stand my chemistry teacher. I played varsity soccer. I was angry and temperamental and distracted.  I was ballsy, and impulsive. 

So I tested into running start, allowing me to get my associates and high school diploma simultaneously. Went to college full time in place of my 11th and 12th grade. I loved the freedom, I loved being able to skip class without being reprimanded. But my GPA was sporadic, like the things that held my attention. In retrospect, it’s obvious I learned coping skills, ways to get through school. I would procrastinate on learning material until the night before an exam, then I would stay up all night cramming, hyperfocusing, chain smoking cigarettes at 16 years old. I’d ace the test by hyperfocusing instead of spreading it out systematically. I would secretly audio record lectures in college, and I would make note of which slide I mentally checked out, and remind myself to go back and do it on my own time. My method is usually frowned upon, but it worked.

My psychiatrist asked about my relationships. My temper. It suddenly occurred to me that my ex was always begging me to work on listening to her. Paying attention to her. I would say I’ll work on it and then it would happen again. I sweared I was trying. My temper - well I get angry and explosive. And I also am known as a puppy to my friends, full of energy. 

The ER is perfect for me. One of the doctors called me “unflappable.” Another said that some of the top CEOs have ADHD, and that he didn’t imagine me being a doctor. He said anyone can study the material and go to medical school. But that it would be a waste of all of my potential to go there. He was like I don’t see you as a doctor, I see you as an executive. “Your talent lie elsewhere.” They seem envious of the qualities that make me ADHD. Like it’s a superpower that, when harnessed and applied to the right thing, could unleash immense potential. 

I take adderall when I need to sit down and study, or maybe shut up and stop talking. But I feel like the world loses its color. I’m less passionate. Less emotional. I’m... boring. So I avoid taking it on days that I want to interact with people, on days that I want to have a really good day and feel good. It just dilutes everything for me. It makes me feel awkward. 

Now, I’ve been promoted several times in only one year of working as an ER scribe. They skipped all the positions in between and I am now basically a project manager/consultant. I’m passionate about medicine, but I am beginning to actually consider other routes other than clinical. I certainly do thrive in a fast paced environment, and in leadership roles. We’ll see what happens. I guess I just wanted to tell my story in case it helps someone. I have certainly hit rock bottom and came back. Now it’s just a matter of finding my place and reevaluating where I want to go. 

 So much ego right here Hahaha you sound just like I was, I didn't find out I had ADHD (and Dyslexia) until I was in last year of university because lecturers asked me twice if I had any learning disabilities. One said it cause he couldn't work out how I'd got 77% in one module and 13% in a very similar module.

> Throwing lettuce on a kids head.

When I was in year 8 I realised it was hilarious to run up to older kids, bend down, pour milkshake on their shoes and then run away again. Look into informatics. Did you end up going to Medical School? I couldn't tell from reading.  Wow, respect. You made a teacher enter early retirement... You are like Bart Simpson on alien steroids. :-)

You know, there are many Bipolar people who won't take medication such as Lithium because they like feeling the high of the manic period. 

Are you boring? How do you know. Self-assessment?  That is what I’m working on. I agree. Thank god i didn’t head to medical school right out of my bachelors Lol i kinda agree, i have an adhd friend who's actually in med school. Anyone with a high school diploma can be a med scribe  I still haven’t decided... I’m deciding whether or not to apply  