ADHD, Aphantasia, and Amnestic Disorders Disclaimer: This is my very first post on reddit. I've been a lurker for a while but I'm going through life changes that have made me feel like I'm no longer in control and I'd like the perspective of others who may be like me. So please let me know if this should be posted elsewhere.

I'm a 26(m) diagnosed ADHD as a child back in school. I've had horrible reactions to every medication or developed a resistance within a month or two (Ritalin, Adderall, Vyvanse, Concerta, Straterra). As a result I'm currently unmedicated aside from the Xanax I occasionally take to manage my anxiety (also diagnosed general anxiety disorder and depression, no surprises there).

Now for the subject at hand. After reading a lot of others posts, I've found that its not uncommon for others to feel like they can't control their inner monologue, and subsequently their lives. I am also in this boat, but even more intense I fear. I've recently learned about Aphantasia, which is a disorder described as the lack of visual imagery when you close your eyes. From what I've read its a recently defined disorder (around 2016) and people who have it claim they haven't had any major difficulty learning because their brain just developed to express information in a non-visual way.

I don't have this problem. When I close my eyes I see a whole lot of imagery. I would describe my problem as Dysphasia and I'd like for you to try an exercise to help illustrate my point. In steps do the following:

1. close your eyes and imagine an elephant
2. make the elephant pink
3. hold that image as long as you can

**The goal is to keep a still image, of an elephant, for 20 seconds while changing nothing but its color to pink**

My NeuroPsychologist tells me it's normal for your brain to fill in the blanks (I never specified a background or whether the elephant should be anatomically correct or a cartoon) the amount of detail isn't important, this exercise is meant to test your willful manipulation of your imagination. I've tried this exercise with around 20 people who, as far as they know, don't have ADHD and each one of them told me they could accomplish it with ease even if they couldn't hold the imagery for longer than 20 seconds. The farthest I've ever got was seeing the face of an elephant. This is particularly weird because as an artist and animal lover I've drawn many a elephant in my day. Every time I close my eyes it's like a kaleidoscope of intrusive shapes, colors, and subject matter.

Other issues I have that aren't uncommon here are horrendous reading comprehension, losing time, and a horrible memory. So much so that, after testing, my NP's determination included a "mild amnestic disorder".

To avoid this being a typical DAE thread please post back your results after attempting the exercise and feel free to AMA and please share this post as I'd like to get as many unique results as possible. I'd like to give back to this sub, as reading your posts has helped me in the past.

**TL;DR: Can't control inner monologue or mental imagery in any meaningful capacity, have some weird anterograde amnesia and wonder if this issue is common with other with severe ADHD.**

EDIT: formatting and additional clarification of the exercise as well as changes of language because I originally wrote this when I was distressed and sad like a baby.  hi there, I also have adhd with a similar amnesia disorder that my neuropsychologist called differently. and I've known that I struggle with mental imagery for a long time, but have never brought it up anywhere.
  
This might not be the case for you, but i'll share my story incase it might help. I later found out that the adhd was a misdiagnosis and all of these issues are just the long term affects of trauma during childhood that was left untreated. memory trouble extended from just forgetting the events in order to protect me, to full on forgetting daily events.
  

I started seeing a therapist and they think that some of these issues could go away if I resolve the trauma and the impact its had on my emotions.
 I have ADHD and Aphantasia... I can't really do this exercise properly. I can't even form the image of an elephant in my mind in the first place. I can almost form a vague outline of an elephant, it's like a black on black outline...maybe. It's not really an image, just kind of a sensation of elephant. Then when I think of pink, I get a sense of pink... but I don't have a mental image. There's absolutely no detail for me. No texture, no color, no sense of proportion... I really see nothing, so this test is boring to me and my mind instantly starts wondering to ideas of all kinds. I can't really sit with just raw sensations for too long, I need my brain to be constantly having some sort of idea flowing through. 

I don't even think I have a good memory of an Elephant... if I was asked to draw one... it'll have the basic features of an elephant... but the proportion and any details that would make it look real would be all off. I have similar problems drawing legs, shoulders, arms... anything that has a 3d component to it. (that's not basic shapes) 

I sometimes have trouble focusing my internal monologue... my mind will wonder and I get invasive thoughts... sometimes really dark and troubling ones too. It's not all the time though...

I concentrate sometimes though, but if something catches my brain it'll be hard to not think about it. 

I'm not on ADHD meds, but I do take Wellbutrin for depression... which kind of helps with ADHD too. Although in some regard it makes it worse... since I seem to follow my whims of fancy more often. Although my short term memory and planning seem improved, I'm more inclined to say the first thing that pops into my mind.  I tried the elephant exercise. I could see a pink elephant but I couldn't hold the image steady in my head like pink elephant flash something else, a mountain a gray elephant ok turning it pink again a trail behind the elephant now a different pink elephant face like the one they have on those car wash signs a road an elephant in a zoo turned it pink again.... idk if this makes sense No luck here :( just got black 'screen' with one tiiiiny fuzz of a light that very, very vaguely resembled the general shape of an elephant, but wouldn't have noticed it was an elephant otherwise. I only see black and small patches of white when I close my eyes. Can't remember being able to visualise properly, maybe when I was a kid but I can't remember enough to be sure.

Side bar: I also read that Aphantasia may be genetic, linked to better self control/less addictive personalities and anxiety and/or depression! 

I'm unsure of the inner dialogue thing for me, if I have one or whether I just hear my thoughts, but I am able to objectively notice my thoughts and adapt them if I'm being a dick to myself - but that was a very deliberate development. Also very, very aware of social cues - where people look, how they talk, if they repeat words or actions a lot etc, and am very empathetic too and pick up on random feelings a lot.

Hope some of that helps!  Thanks for the response! I have so few memories of my childhood but a lot of people I know say that's the case for them as well. As far as I'm aware I've had a pretty privileged life compared to many in the world. The worst things that have happened to me that I can recall are when I've broken bones playing as a child doing dumb stuff that kids do. I've talked to psychs about repressed memories and nothing ever came up, I almost wish it had so that at least I'd have some closure but so far I just have no conclusion as to why I am the way I am.

You ever have trouble discerning memories from dreams? Even when I think back to things I know for sure happened it's like I'm on the outside looking in just like remembering an old dream. Sometimes I seriously wonder if I'm reminiscing on something real or remembering a dream I had, it's all the same to me. It's sad because sometimes I avoid doing activities because I know I'll forget they ever happened. 

Did you try the elephant exercise? I'd love to hear your experience.

Also, I'm sorry for your trauma, there are people close to me who have PTSD and it takes its toll, I wish you well on your recovery. Thank you for your participation. Reading everyone's responses is really helping me understand where I'm at personally. you're experience is really interesting to me. It's closest to my experience so far. If you haven't read my other posts I basically get the outline of the elephant and then my mind wanders off and warps its into weird junk. If you don't mind me asking, how is your mental math? If I asked you to recall the clothes you wore the other day would you imagine yourself wearing the clothes or just be able to list it off descriptively? 

I'm a super visual person, when I was in school as a child and recalled my notes I wouldn't remember the notes themselves, I would see the index card I wrote it on and see it in my handwriting. Almost like eidetic memory. Maybe I had it as a child and relied heavily on it and now without it as an adult with a memory disorder I'm finding it hard to cope. Thanks again for your response, I feel like I'm going on a journey of self-discovery! :D Can you actually see it as though you're looking at it like a picture or a movie? Every response helps, thank you so much!

The Genetic thing would make sense, after all our genetics are the blueprint. My father claims not to have any visual imagery and even tells me he doesn't have dreams. The dude just closes his eyes and awakes in the morning, that's wild to me! 

I feel like most people lose that childlike imagination, but to what extent I do not know. I mean who can really play with action figures and have it feel like they're really fighting like the good ole days? 

Inner monologue is harder to describe than it should be. For me it's just whatever I'm thinking in my own voice. Mine never shuts up, and is almost always off task and a worrisome ass clown. 

This thread has been super helpful, perhaps one day I'll get back into painting and paint what my imagery is like.

Thanks again! Yes but only for a second, like its kinda flashing there and then gone and then I see those other things I listed. 

Although this might have been helped by me taking adderall yesterday. Right now its harder to imagine a fully detailed picture at all. Weird, that's not something I've ever noticed before. Hey Thanks for the response sorry I'm replying a little late.

From my research it seems that those with complete Aphantasia see no visual imagery at all when they close their eyes. From what I've read it's generally agreed that the capacity to which people CAN visualize is a sliding scale. For clarification (for anyone reading this in the future) the problem I'm attempting to address with this exercise isn't so much the ability to imagine an elephant in great detail, but the ability to willfully control its characteristics. So far all the people I know without ADHD and without complete Aphantasia can keep the image completely the same AND willfully make it pink and hold that image for 20 seconds.

Judging by your description it sounds like you're having problems maintaining a static image as well but you at least got far enough to see the elephant and have the capacity to make it pink. 

Like I said in the OP the closest I've ever got is the head of the elephant for maybe a fraction of a second and then it sort of morphs into something else or another subject intrudes entirely. It's as useless as the blank screen that those with Aphantasia have except, it seems my brain never compensated for the lack of visual information. Most posts I've seen on this sub agree that individuals with ADHD tend to be visual and tactile learners and that describes me without a doubt. So you can imagine just how much a wrench in the gears it is to close my eyes only for it to be like watching TV while a monkey has the remote.

Thanks for your participation, I have no doubt someone else out there has this issue as severely as I do. I feel like this exercise can help convey the degree of which we may have our executive functions suppressed so I want to hear from as many people as possible. That's really interesting. I'm gonna look into that a little bit because I definitely can make the image appear in my mind but I can't make it stay there steady for even a second. welcome to the club my dude, that's why I made this post. I've just been having trouble getting in contact with anyone that studies this particular thing. Psychology itself is still young and not exactly trusted even in western civilization I hope in our life time we'll get a eureka moment and closure but right now I'd just settle on being more functional in my day to day life. Thanks Again! 