With a whole lot of blurry lines and overlapping issues, how can you tell what is ADHD and what is autism spectrum? Does it matter? It is like telling the difference between blue and green and colors in between.  Sometimes it is obvious, sometimes with a trained eye you can quantify it, but sometimes it does not even matter for like color being a spectrum these man made definitions of disorders are on spectrums.  We only classify it as a disorder when it starts "breaking things" and causing impairments.

Until it starts breaking things you are not ADHD you are a sparkling personality, until it starts breaking things you are not autistic or asperger's you are just eccentric. A psychiatrist can probably help figure out what's going on. That's the thoughts of one person on a topic with broad opinions and doesn't hold any understanding through lived experience. I'm not trying to self-diagnose, just understand what others think on the topic. A psychiatrist should have studied the disorders and the brain from an objective point of view.  One's own "lived experience" is massively biased and colored. My life is massively biased and colored. I'm cool with it. Right, but then you have a hard time determining what is what, as your topic clearly indicates.  This is where an outside, professional can be useful. I have easy access to professional opinions once a week and use those resources appropriately. 

Do I really need to get lectured by a mod for asking this question here? I'm not lecturing you, nor am I speaking as a mod.  I am answering your question.  You asked how to tell the difference between two disorders, my answer is a psychiatric professional. And then when I said that wasn't the answer I was looking for, you continued to press. Multiple times without adding anything new. Does it really matter? If you're being treated for something and it's improving your life why does the label matter? Maybe you're a high functioning autist, who was diagnosed with ADHD and they put you on stimulants. If that improved your ability to focus, your motivation, your forgetfulness, then why does it matter?  That's kind of why I'm asking. I'm not convinced it matters. I have some allies who are trying to be helpful. They are wondering if I am high functioning autistic or have asperger's.

I'm pretty sure all of those elements I seem to display are due to my psycho-social development and the severity of my ADHD. 

For example, I don't make a lot of eye contact. Well, I'm pretty sure that's because making eye contact is a sure fire way to make me forget what I'm thinking about. My brain has to instantly ID that person, just like a normal person would, but it forces me to let go of what I'm thinking about. 