How does Meditation Help? Are there any other activities for a lonely ADHD-PI person to keep busy? Hello,

I've just about given up on people until I can learn to handle conflict better and not cause drama. :\ My communication classes help me. I've basically shut everyone but my family out of my life due to focussing so much on school and work, which is stress in itself. The good news is I am almost done with uni and I think I will get a decent job by graduation.

The bad news is I feel like I can't be me. I've had to peel back so many layers of my cynical humor, me too's in conversation, and being a narc. I'm sure many of you may or may not relate to this in some way. 

Anyways, I've gotten myself into Yoga, meditation, and exercise. Are there any other hobbies to pursue that help you with your ADHD? How about getting things together? Aside from feeling lonely, is there anything you like to do for fun?

TLDR; Help me think positive, stay away from negative, and help me find a way to chill the heck out so I don't scare everyone away. Hobbies that you do to help with your ADHD are a start. Thanks!

Update: Thanks for sharing your thoughts everyone, glad we can somewhat relate to each other. I'm doing the yoga and meditation daily, and will have a look at some hobbies like painting. If you can, feel free to recommend some applications available on iOS and Android. 

Some that I really like are: Elevate (Brain Training), Lumosity (Brain Training), Learn Java (Programming application to learn), and Binaural (emulates brain wave sounds and helps you get hyper, or calm down using alpha and beta waves). 

 mindfulness meditation, has actually been shown to grow the grey matter linked with executive functioning. I find omega 3's helpful as well. I personally love hiking in nature, noticing every little plant and tree and creature. I have a book on myology called "all the rain promises and more" its a really quirky field guide to identifying mushrooms. urban foraging and learning to identify plants is a lot of fun, and involves a lot of moving around. the  people you meet who share an interest are usually pretty interesting as well. You're the best redditer who ever existed:) Meditation should be really helpful, but more particularly mindfulness has the most proven scientific evidence of benefits. 

The studies (too lazy to reference) basicly show how mindfulness actually makes changes to brain structure and has been clinically proven to reduce anxiety/depression and increase attention span.

I think it's about having a heightened sense of self awareness so you can actively notice when your attention strays and enables you to refocus. This looks like a good simple place to begin. 
https://youtu.be/cRJohDipet4 Some things I do: 

\-journalling \(bullet journal\), keeps me organized and when I write some stuff that I'm struggling with, it feels like I'm talking to someone about what bothers me.

\-Cold showers, I think it helps, try it for a few days and see what it does for you. Only turn the water cold for the last 2 minutes btw, not the entire shower session.

\-Exercise, but I see you're already doing this, so that's great, keep it up. I try to alternate between running, going to the gym and occasionally rock climbing. I especially like the last one, because I see progress in climbing because of working out in the gym. I also like the adrenaline I get from it. I'm afraid of heights, so I really have to force myself to get going, but once I'm up there, I'm hooked. Am I humble bragging? :/ I second mindfulness meditation, guided meditation (Headspace app is great), and yoga. I love hiking, nice quiet not annoying noise and good visuals that don't overwhelm, added benefit of making Seratonin. I also spend a lot of time drawing and painting to relax. Don't worry about whether you are good or not, do it as an experiment. One of my favorite painting exercises is making color charts of my paints. It's totally meditative! I took a stress management class in uni four months ago. Now I am in a yoga class with the same instructor. She is very passionate about what she does. I meditated for 45 minutes today in the lab and I feel so much better. Going to try to be consistent for one month and see if I have changed.  Thanks for sharing the Headspace app! Will have a look and am somewhat excited. 

About the painting, I want to have a try with that too. Is canvas needed, or should I do water paint instead so it is less costly? Get some cheap watercolors and brushes (coupon at Joann's on the app)! And a of watercolor paper. The best part is it's portable and dries fast. You can get it all for about $15. A kid's paint palette is totally fine! Experiment with creating your own colors on a plastic dish. It doesn't take much paint at all. Wet the brush, dab, wet, dab, mix. It's helpful to have two jars of water, one for cool colors and one for warm colors so you don't have to change them out as often, but not necessary. A mixed media pad will work, too, but the paper will warp quite a bit. Strathmore's kid's watercolor paper is actually pretty good and about $4. If you decide you enjoy it, you can upgrade later. There's a million free tutorials on YouTube to get you started!  