So. Many. Colors. Anyone else experience headaches from information overload when they arrive at new places/on long car rides?
I do. So many colors, so many new things, and I get overwhemingly excited when I go to new places. I love travelling, life, the world we live in, people, how they interact with each other, I see so much beauty in it all, and all at once

TLDR; anyone get massive headaches in new places, taking it all in at once? I absolutely get information overload!! I can get overstimulated especially in places with a lot of people or loud noises (or both). I generally will stop being able to process words, and will start trying to escape from the situation if possible.

I love hiking and finding new places, and I love love love looking at trees, they're very fractal and interesting to me. 

I have had experiences where I've gotten overstimulated just from existing, but usually it is triggered by being around too many people. 

I also sometimes get overwhelmed with how wonderful everything is, like you seem to be expressing here. Other times I get overwhelmed with fear and anxiety about the world. It's a fine line.
 No

I do get exhausted.  I feel drained and tired.  You I am guessing are experiencing the same thing but this triggers stress headaches.

I am also susceptible to motion sickness. Yes. I often see something particularly beautiful and feel very stressed out trying to take it in before the moment passes. I have a strong, disconcerting feeling that I don't have the time or the peace to appreciate this window of the universe (maybe seeing a beautiful sunset on the ride home), like it's important but there's too much.

I think the latter part might just be being human, but I definitely feel overstimulated and anxious in situations you describe, rather than blissful or appreciative. Maybe I'll go to the Grand Canyon after I find the right dose for my meds. Lol Yes, but I can also get just frustrated, feel like I have a fever, and/or suddenly need a nap. It seems pretty random. Yes, I experience the overstimulation too. Mine is a bit different when I am visually overstimulated. I get ocular migraines when there's too much going on. 

For example, if I am driving by a row of trees on the highway, the colors and blending of the objects make my eyes feel heavy and hard to stare at the trees. Then there's a dull ache behind my eyes that travels to my head. The overstimulation is painful and I have to look away and close my eyes, or I feel like my eyes will shoot out my head.

Other environments can also be overstimulation, and like a lot of other commenters, I just try to get away. It gets harder for me to process words as well. If a song is playing, I'll know it's playing, but the words.....it's like I hear them but I don't if that makes any sense And I zone out conversation I'm the exact same way. In fact I was genuinely surprised when I  found out that most people actually listen to music primarily for the lyrics. Got a question for you - when you're listening to music by yourself - how often do you skip around on your player? Will you repeat the first 30 seconds of a song 30 times if it has a killer intro, for example? If there is music with words and someone talking I get TOTALLY disoriented. Or if there's multiple people talking. All the words just turn to gobbledegook, I hear the noise but don't comprehend it at all. Is that what you're describing? All the music I listen to has no words.  I can't do anything else if it has words.  :/  People get in my car and say "don't you have anything with lyrics?"  No.  No I don't. 