Just spent the last hour lying in bed rearranging the icons on my phone’s home screen so they’re color coordinated. I need to be up for work in 4 hours. FML :-/ At least you have a sense for the aesthetic. :-)
 I have a paper due in exactly 24 hours.  im looking at the artist Oleks work online... need to sleep and then START my paper in the am. 

you think you’re enjoying your icon arranging?  stay awaaaay from Olek.  i don’t even crochet and i’m so into it rn  This is too relatable. Mine have been color coordinated, alphabetical, by category, by frequency of use.. you name it. Only when I had better things to do.  Meirl I have done this more times than I care to admit. I would spend hours.

Getting a phone with less memory that only holds my bare minimum basic apps helped, ha! Hey, it's only one extra hour, not too bad! Plus, you have an awesome looking phone screen now :) Congratulations!

Achievement unlocked!

^(I feel you, I've been there)  Lol, I did that a while ago for mine..it actually helps me find the apps faster sooo at least you might have that going for you Let me guess, you saw a certain post over on /r/ApolloApp? Fascinating how you can use color-coordinated bookmarks to arrange your app icons like that.  If it makes you feel better, I started an 18 page paper 12 hours before it was due - aka 2am. I got an A+ and a handshake from the professor for it.

Nothing like hyperfocus, eh?

ETA: It was on a book I only read 1/3 of the way through. Hah - funnily enough, no - I'd just noticed that some of my icons had formed a cluster where they were all one color by chance, then remembered seeing someone who had arranged their icons by color a few years ago and thought I'd give it a shot too.

Of course I had to do it right there and then, despite the fact that I *really* needed to go to sleep... and before I knew it, I'd been fiddling with my icons for an hour.

(and now I'm going to have to check that sub, despite the fact that I have a ton of work to do) That is quite impressive i have to say ^^
 why would we ever change when this is the outcome of our last min style?!  I keep waiting for something to blow up in my face but 95% and higher is normal lol.  hyperfocus.... eh.... are you canadian too? 🇨🇦  Shit, sorry about that! I can definitely relate though. If you do check it out, make sure you still get enough sleep this time.   Nope, American but northern :)

I actually asked my dad once, why he let me get away with stuff like that in high school. He just shrugged and said every time he went to check on me while I was working, I had music on, TV on, three chat windows open on the computer, and a single tiny window on the bottom where my homework was. But I was pulling A's and he worked similarly, so as long as my grades stayed up....

Which explains why I wasn't diagnosed until I was 36 :) Checked it out, downloaded, already better than the official Reddit app. Had to go premium to get the icon to fit my color scheme though! Oh, I thought you were already using it! It’s better than anything else out there (except for push notifications), so I’m sure you’ll enjoy it. And the dev is amazingly active and involved.  