I RAISED MY BIOLOGY GRADE FROM A D- to an A-! I'm sharing how I did it. TL;DR: My first score in this class was 60/100. Accommodations + office hours + sleeping regularly at night + getting notes from other students = success! 

Okay, so I'm a biophysics major and a non-traditional student slogging through my undergrad. I got diagnosed with ADHD-C last month. I haven't been medicated yet (Michigan Medicaid is hemming and hawing about paying for it) but I figured CBT and whatever suggestions from successful people with ADHD would help me RIGHT NOW (I can't wait to see how much more on point I'ma be when I finally get the Adderall). I got accommodations at school and have figured out that testing in a lab makes ALL the difference. No distractions from people coughing, rustling around or whispering AND MORE IMPORTANTLY, the environment is just like how I study at home--a clean, quiet room with minimal noise. I also learned that by pacing the room and talking to myself about the questions asked I can come up with better answers and catch mistakes during the extra time allotted. They also have a dry erase board in there and my next exam, I'm using that too.  (I get time and a half on an exam and utilize every minute they give me.)  

I go to bed no later than 11:30 and wake up around 8. A steady routine is EXTREMELY important for us but ya'll knew that already. This steady routine helps me to stay centered even when my ADHD symptoms are worse due to PMS (men, count yourself lucky that wild hormonal swings aren't something you gotta deal with every single month) and to not feel frantic/ panicked in the morning.

DOLLAR-FOR-DOLLAR, your best utilized hours in college is with your professor one-on-one. If you can get with them AND meet with another professor in the department who's equal to or better than them at teaching, DO IT. My Bio professor has office hours three days a week. I come to her hour on Friday because I have class the other two days. Just being able to sit down with her, look at my old exams and strategize on how to effectively study made all of the difference.

Finally, I looked around at the lecture hall and noted who was paying the most attention. In addition to the notes I take, I grab notes from 4 people in class: the old guy that sits in the front (seriously, he is literally 70, but my friends who teach tell me that older students get the best grades because they recognise the value of education and OMG his notes are INSANELY good), the yoga bunny with straight As on her exams (she also gets notes from the old guy), the girl who writes her notes in English AND Chinese from my study group (you have a study group, right?) and the girl with red glasses whose notes are color-coded, annotated and extremely thorough. I take pictures of the slides while I'm taking notes just in case my notes buddies ain't there/we missed something , and then re-look at them in Google Photos. My professor records every lecture and I relisten to each chapter at least twice. ALSO, I have downtime between clients (I deliver food for Grubhub/Seamless, DoorDash and Instacart to pay for school) and I use my time in-between my runs to re-listen to the lecture and re-read my notes. 

And that's how I went from "I'm totally about to fail Bio 101" to becoming enthusiastic about Biology again after 12 years since I last took it. I hope this helps someone.  That's so awesome! Congratulations! Getting through a traditional class would be a huge accomplishment. I don't know if you have taken it before but I just wanted to take a moment to say, as a person previously prescribed Adderall, it's rough and the body and mood. I've heard this from several other people in this sub about Vyvanse which they said is quite a bit more agreeable in comparison and I switched to that as a result and a found similar differences. Anyway thought I'd share. Good luck in your next endeavor. Some A+ advice here. I'm saving this and will link it for future posts that say "I don't have meds, please help!" Thank you for this! Thanks so much! I've never taken Adderall before, but I appreciate you giving me a heads-up on potential side-effects. I'll ask my doc about Vynase as well. Thanks again for sharing :)  I'm glad this post helped somebody! Glad to share what I'm learning through trial/error :) So welcome. Hope it saves you some of the grief I had to go through. 