How to make powerpoint more interesting? I need you to focus and pay attention, so how can I make it novel? I understand the basic rules of effective powerpointing.  4 bullets max.  keep it simple, review not info, change.  avoid bad clip art and use pictures.

My question is how to keep it more interesting.

* Is change good or bad?  How much change?

* Maybe a color bar that moves and changes color each time the slide changes? Divide the slide into side of a rectangle 3 from the top left to right.  2 from the right side going up and down.  3 on the bottom, 2 on the left for a total of 10?

* If you are doing picture and picture with powerpoint and a presenter video overlay, do you swap the video from left to right and thus you have to move your eyes?  Would that help you stay involved or would that drive you crazy?


> I am asking this for the people who get bored easily.

&nbsp;

> I am asking this for the people who zone out and find it hard to concentrate.  The daydreamers.
 Actually, the onus would be on you, I think, not the Powerpoint.  Ask questions of the audience.  Make them participate.  If someone's asking for my input, I'll stay engaged. 

Though you said it's a Youtube video... hunh.  Crack a joke every so often.  Reward me once early on and I'll hang on for more later. [This is the best thing I have ever seen on how to do a presentation with power point.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZ2vtQCESpk)

The gist of it that I remember is to turn the presentation into a story and use power point to emphasize what you are saying, not saying it for you.

Good luck! In what setting? What information? Highschool? College? Business presentation? I am going to go against the grain and say all those things would make it way harder for me to focus. 

For me personally, boring simple powerpoints are just better, especially when they're well organized, structured, and logical. 

When it's overloaded with wingdings, colors, laser pointers, irrelevant anecdotes and jokes, and off topic amusements I get really sidetracked.

 I also hate it when people switch topics, formats, and speakers really fast. I'd rather sit and watch one person than try to pay attention to 50 different people asking questions and making comments. 

Paying attention to the presenter or the presentation doesn't always mean you're paying attention to the actual information in it. Sometimes I'm enthralled by the speakers, jokes, voice, pictures or hand gestures but I have literally no idea what they're talking about. It's just too many things going on at once. 

I prefer boring simple, yet well organized presentations. Resist the urge to engage the audience by distracting them from the actual topic. At the end of the day, you're there to inform, not entertain.  I think moving things around a lot arbitrarily could be very distracting, so I would only do it when transitioning between ideas or something else where the person isn't paying precise attention to what is being said. Otherwise the best presentations are always very minimalist, so the easily distracted person is more engaged by the speaker than by the presentations. If a lot is going on in the presentation, you can be sure some people are not especially listening, then again if you're making a more emotional appeal or a sales pitch, this is okay because they will catch the gist of the message, just not the words. If you are trying to teach something with audio then there should be absolutely nothing else  more stimulating than the person talking. Sometimes having a picture on a slide is good, but if so the picture should appear before the person starts talking, so that people are not drawn away from the speaker by a interesting image appearing.

If the slides are super minimalist (just telling people what they should be getting from the speaker) then people whose minds wander will zone in, see the main point and start listening if they are interested. If they don't care their minds will wander anyway, but the situation you want to avoid is they look up, see an interesting diagram, listen to the speaker and realize he's talking about something else, and then go back to studying the diagram. Meanwhile if the speaker is giving some technical details they don't really need to know, but some people in the audience will appreciate, this is an okay time to have really stimulating slides with lots of color and motion, because people with short attetion spans will be watching all that go on, even if they have given  up on paying attention. Simple and clean. If I can only focus on you or copying down the slide, you want me to finish copying quickly. Include lots of questions to keep me interested. A hallmark of a good presenter is that they move around the room purposefully as they transition from one topic or talking point to another. I agree but lots of subtle minor things when done together can make profound changes.  Thus while the big changes are more important the small easy one are important too. In general.  **The specific example will be a youtube video**

But I want to / plan on going back to school and finishing my degree and I would love to one day teach. (sigh my gpa went from wonderful to pure shit, but that was undiagnosed ADHD) I, too, prefer the simplistic approach.
Be sure to avoid any type of 'clutter'. I understand and that is why I am trying to ask, sometimes one person aid is another person distraction it is hard to balance.

* So for a hypothetical presentation.  Lets say the presentation is going to be 60 to 90 mins long.  You should try to make 15 minute sections as a rule of thumb (between 10 to 25 mins but nothing ever more than 25 for it is too long, and shorter than 10 can sometimes be forgotten or lost in the big idea). Lets call these I, II, III, IV etc

1. If someone shows a completely different "cover slide" saying part I and tell the theme, followed by the speech, then cover slide part II and the theme.  Aka trying to show transition.  That will not be distracting correct?

1. You see the slide on the right hand side with the info and video or picture in picture on the left.

1. Each time the slide changes there is a colored number on the bottom, showing the slide #.  Also a corner border something [Like this](http://liddellappliancetesting.co.uk/ESW/Images/web-border-corner_3452.gif) Each time the slide changes the color does a subtle shift, from red to violet, violet to blue, blue to green, green to yellow.

1. When you finish part I you see a new cover slide saying part II and there is a small pause and then you switch everything from right to left, like you did a mirror slide.  Slide on the left, video and speaker on the right.
 
1. Rinse and Repeat till you are at the conclusion.
 