I nEED to have an interest Does anyone else have this problem?
I always feel like I have to have some interesting thing that I'm fine with devoting a lot of my time to,
I.e drawing stuff for it during school, looking stuff up for it in the internet, etc.
But the problem is the new interest has to one up the old one, or it also has to have a lot of content associated with it or I'll run out.
I feel like I can't just not have an interest because I use it to occupy my time,
I go crazy if I'm not doing anything, I egleast have to have something to think about.
This really stresses me out you know? I don't know what to do, like I need something I can feel really strongly about so I'm not just meh.
What are some ways I can get more involved/ interested in things I already like?
 I feel the same way. I can't choose a career because of it.  I need to try new things. I need to start 100 projects at once and change my mind and abandon them midway. 
I used feel bad about it. Now I don't. It's just who I am. I enjoy starting new things, and I don't mind not finishing them. So why should it be a problem. My ex had a big problem with that. But that's just it, he had a problem with it, not me!

Otherwise, I find that I cycle through some different hobbies. For the last 2 years, I've taken 2 dances classes a week from September to May. What's great with that is that when I get bored with a style of dance, I just pick another one! I've also started doing synchronized swimming  again last September. The year before it was Krav Maga. I run in the summer and do some climbing.

I read, I knit, I'm trying to learn crochet, I play board games, I sometimes play video games. When I go on vacation, I try to go surfing.

By cycling through my hobbies and activities, I get less bored with them and they feel new! That works for me! I'm a drawer! It's been the constant hobby in my life.

For me, trying different styles of drawing has been extremely satisfying. 

In high school, I mostly drew cute animals. In college, I took a realism class and really enjoyed it. Then I took a class on comic books that taught me how to draw human figures and I actually got good at it!! 

Now that I'm working, I still draw action figures (characters from video games and anime mostly) when I doodle during meetings. But I also play with doing vector art via Illustrator on the weekend. 

Tldr, there are so many things to do related to drawing/art. Maybe it would help to change it up!  

Edit: Omg i misread your post.... This is so embarrassing but I hope I still helped you somewhat I learn about new things, and get immersed in learning everything I can about a new topic.  Sustainable agriculture, 19th century British literature, the American Revolution, and more recently, ADHD.  There is always something new to learn.  Then again I'm someone who loves to read books and not everyone has the focus for that.  I can get hyperfocused on reading if I'm interested in the topic and I love to immerse myself. I go through the same thing, that's why I'm Reddit right now  You're the same as me and I've always struggled accepting this about myself because people see me as having no follow through. But maybe I should do what you do and just accept it.  Ha no problem man, 
I draw a lot too, I use a lot of color pencils and stuff like that, and recently I've been trying to develop more of a realistic style,band also trying to keep consistent with like, a cutesy style.
I used to draw spongebob and cats from that book series Warriors when I was in elementary school and would color them with crayons.  Don't get me wrong, it wasn't easy to do at first, but then I realized that it's what makes me happy! Do I judge people who have only one hobby and stick to it all their lives? No, I do not. I do not expect them to change something that makes them happy simply because I don't understand it or am uncomfortable with it. Why then should I change something that actually makes me happy, just to make other people more comfortable? I don't see the point. I'm not hurting anyone. At worse, it's a bit hard on my budget. I'm a grown ass woman, I can do whatever I damn well please with my own money! That's so awesome - I'm absolutely terrible with colors right now. I'm not too good at applying color theory and stuff like that but I guess practice makes perfect!  