Help: Quitting Adderall After 20 years of Medical Use This is a really long post - I’m being as specific as possible so you understand what I experienced last weekend.

TL/DR: I want the positive effects of Adderall without taking a damn drug, no matter how long it takes for me to accomplish that goal. Over the weekend I had two panic attacks within a 12-hour time span (before and after sleeping). I’ve got some withdrawal symptoms that scare the shit out of me and I need help to stop them while tapering down. I also have an appointment scheduled with my Primary Doctor to discuss my situation so I’ve got that base covered as well.

I’ve been prescribed to take Adderall every morning when I wake up since I was 6/7 years old, and I’m now 26. Started at 5mg XR, then 10mg, then 15mg, and for the past 7/8 years I’ve been taking Adderall 20mg XR daily. Last month I decided that I wanted to be free from Adderall’s clutches, so I came up with a plan for myself to “slowly” taper down by 5mg every six months until it’s completely out of my system: 15mg XR for six months, 10mg XR for six months, 5mg XR for six months, and then nothing! 

It was all going to plan for the first month on 15mg XR until last weekend when I had two panic attacks (one short intense one on Saturday night and a longer, less intense one on Sunday morning).

When I first switched I felt totally fine. No changes in my load at work or anything else in my personal life. I have a feeling it started to hit me last weekend because I was so exhausted from working so much the previous 5 days for a temporary 7-week assignment at work. The only other thing that changed was me waking up exactly one hour earlier than usual (5am vs 6am) and going to bed at the same time as I usually would (10-11, depending on how tired I was), until Thursday. On Thursday night I went to bed at around 9pm and woke up at 5am. Same story for Friday night since I had to work Saturday. I worked from 7-2pm that day. After working Saturday I drove one hour home to shower and pack before driving another hour and a half over to my girlfriend’s place for the night. We only see each other once a week so we alternate who drives over to each other’s place.

I was pretty exhausted after doing all that, and I really wanted to watch the Dodger game with her at a bar. We had some wings, pizza, and two beers each (normal beer consumption - nothing too crazy).

About an hour after getting back to her place, I get an extremely intense panic attack and I have no clue what was going on. Tons of chest compression, short of breath, abnormally low energy, extremely rapid heart rate, front four teeth were tingling, dark thoughts (depression, which I‘d never really had before), and I felt the most anxious I’ve ever felt in my entire life. I felt truly debilitated/paralyzed. 

She immediately put a cold towel on my forehead to help calm me down and never left my side even for a moment. 15 minutes after it all started I felt much better, and fortunately I was able to sleep through the night just fine even though I was still really anxious at the time of me actually going to bed.

The next morning, I was still really anxious, but thought I didn’t feel too bad. We were having breakfast, and I noticed that my appetite came and went. Then, I feel it again: the shortness of breath, tight chest, rapid heart rate, anxiety, low energy, dark thoughts... it didn’t feel as bad as the first one, but I still felt absolutely terrible. To top it off I didn’t take Adderall that morning because I forgot it at home...

I didn’t have enough energy to feel comfortable driving home so I actually asked my parents to drive down to her place, bring my adderall, pick me up, and drive my car back home. Luckily, I knew they had no plans so I really lucked out there. I don’t know what I would’ve done if they were busy because my girlfriend is constantly super busy with nursing school. Much of our time together is spent studying and writing - we both love each other and love keeping each other company.

After my parents drive me home, we go to a 24/7 emergency care center to get me checked up and make sure nothing is actually wrong with me. Health wise, I’m 100% okay, and the doctor who evaluated me said that it’s most likely the adderall and my lower-than-usual dosage plus the demanding workweek I’d just had. This gives me great piece of mind. She (doctor) said this was totally common side effect of trying to quit Adderall and that I should to go 20-15-20-20-15-20-15 to start off the lower dosage instead of dropping straight from 20 to 15 at one go.

Once I got home and forced down some food even though I wasn’t terribly hungry I started to feel better, and my parents noticed that the color started to return to my face. I ended up going to bed at 8pm that night.

Monday morning, my body woke me up at 5:15am with a shit ton of energy - almost too much energy. Usually when I wake up I’m kinda groggy, slow, and need some time for my brain to fully wake up before heading out to work. That morning, along with this morning, my brain was moving at lightspeed and some anxiety still present, but much much less than what I had experienced on Saturday/Sunday.

Yesterday and today I feel 90% normal, and even today I’m still recovering with some lingering effects but overall I’m doing much better. Still some anxiety, few depressed thoughts here and there (which honestly confuses me - I wasn’t depressed before and had no reason to be), and brain moving at lightspeed at 5:15am when I wake up without an alarm, but otherwise I’m good to go!

I have withdrawal symptoms that seem to have taken a month to catch up to me, and I firmly believe that both panic attacks occurred because I was exhausted from working so much and that I didn’t have the Adderall dosage that my body was used to having for the past 7/8 years. My anxiety levels are still higher than they were from before last week and the attacks.

Finally, my question: For those who have quit Adderall and dealt with withdrawal symptoms similar to what I described above, or know people who have done this before, what did you do to offset these withdrawals? How long did it take until you felt normal and were free from the symptoms and were no longer taking Adderall or any other pills like Adderall?

Thanks to everyone who reads this and/or answers my question(s), I really appreciate your advice and support! Mm the panic attacks seem odd for withdrawal. I think you should talk to a psychiatrist about managing withdrawal if you think it's going to be so harmful. Well, if I were you I'd look into those panic attacks. Anxiety is a high comorbidity with ADHD. It's possible you have anxiety, but Adderall was actually keeping it in check.

I'm on an antidepressant as well as adderall because I have anxiety/depression bad. As well as bad adhd, but it's not a competition :p

So consider you might have other issues that Adderall has been fixing for you. What do you mean by “adderall’s clutches”. Why did you want to stop taking it in the first place?  Sounds like he has had undiagnosed anxiety which is coming back after stopping the adderall as addressing the main disorder (adhd) can treat comorbidities (anxiety) 