One of my students has severe ADHD; help I'm a volunteer at a local art studio, and there's this kid who I have to teach; the thing is he has the most severe ADHD I've ever seen. The kids about 9, loves botany and plants but trying to get him to draw from reference is one of the hardest things ever.

I'm not expecting him to be Michelangelo, he's 9, but he has a lot of outbursts, and will sometimes just start scribbling over the paper, even if what he's doing is good. I myself have adhd, so I've done much better than all of the other volunteers in getting him to work but there's still a bunch of issues.

1. His father wants to see progress, hes originally from china and I know (at least from friends) that Chinese American kids are pushed really hard to do well, so just letting him draw whatever he wants isn't an option. (This isn't really something I can solve, but it plays the biggest role)

2. He always gets angry when I tell him he has to draw from real life, I know he's just frustrated but it's really difficult to get him to do the work.

3. I have to be with him at all times, once I left him alone for a minute and he scribbled over his otherwise good drawing.

4.  As an art teacher, it's kind of impossible for me to help him improve without telling him what's wrong. I know this upsets him but I don't know what else I can do to make him improve.

5. He'll bother other students, and when they react badly he doesn't seem to understand that he's bothering them.

TL:DR; 

How can I create an environment that allows him to learn art and progress while still letting him have fun? And how can I make his learning and focusing easier?

Edit: I should also say that he has a lot of trouble following instructions, it's super hard to get him to draw what he needs to, if anyone has advice on that that would be great! Something that might help: try an "do as many recognisable sketches of this thing we're drawing as you can within (time frame)", and do it for the same object a couple of times. That won't be something you can do every single class, obviously, but every now and again it might help. Drawing the same thing over and over and over again will help hone your students' skills, and if you can manage to collect all the work your students have done (or tell them to choose the three or four sketches they think turned out the best), you'll be able to lay out a timeline of how their work improved -- plus because the goal is quantity not quality (because quality will happen on its own over time), your student might be less inclined to scribble all over his drawings?

The quantity thing is how I was taught Japanese calligraphy, and it really helped me with the mental block of having to do things absolutely perfectly. I have some experience tricking MYSELF into doing art studies. Honestly I loved art my whole life, but I would have been this kid exactly in a structured class. Here are some things you could try:

1. Give him a tonne of different plants as reference. Tell him he can combine them, or just do the parts he likes. As long as it looks semi realistic his dad probably won't notice that it's 'wrong'. 

2. Do sketches with a timer running. Experiment with making a game out of it. Can he do five in ten minutes?

3. Ask him to explain what he's doing as he draws. Some kids get excited by the chance to talk about their work while they do it.

Maybe some of this will help, but honestly this kid will have a rough time. This exact kind of formal education made me hate doing music. Don't blame yourself.

If you feel comfortable at any point, I think the best thing you could do for the kid is talk to the parent and try to get across that the kid is very creative, so you want to teach him in a way that is different from most kids.  >and will sometimes just start scribbling over the paper

Used to do this exact same thing when I was in elementary school.

I **hated** coloring. Found it to be a waste of time and much preferred reading and writing, so when it came time to color and tend to art skills, I would use my pencil and blatantly scribble outside of the lines.

Come to think of it, I'm not so sure it was the coloring itself that I hated as much as having to pick up and put down different colored pencils/crayons. Task-switching like that doesn't seem to be a strong suit among those with ADHD. Chinese American that took cello lessons here and had undiagnosed ADHD until recently... also as someone who is into art, but has a really hard time with patience... I feel for this kid...

My cello teacher had issues getting me to do the basics as well, but noticed I really enjoyed working on my complicated pieces. She gave me one complicated piece I could work on as a reward that expanded upon the basic concepts we were learning at the time. Not sure how that could that be translated into life drawing...

maybe assign life drawing exercises and then having the student try it out on something more personally engaging to them? Like... "Here, try do this from life and once you get this down take those techniques and make up your own fanciful version of the plant"? Maybe get him a separate sketch pad. Let him switch back and forth between drawings. Doing one from his imagination and one from what's in front of him. So basically allowing him to do both? Or letting add to the reference drawing once it's done.

I hated art classes because I hated following instructions in this class more than anything else. I could draw realistic animals and stuff early on, however I hated having to be told what direction it'd have to go in. One of my teachers did let me draw over stuff using clear paper and markers. It was cool because we'd have to draw something I felt uninterested in, I'd get it done pretty quickly, but then would have like 5 transparent sheets and could draw more stuff onto my piece if that makes sense. I don't have any additional suggestions, but I just wanted to say that reading about him both warmed and broke my heart. He sounds like such a beautiful kid. It's such a shame that the education system doesn't allow for radical individual expression of that kind, instead seeking to contain those with different cognition. I remember as a kid, I always refused to colour in between the lines, lol  I had a kid in art class last year, and the only time he drew anything was when he spontaneously went over to the white board and drew on it. Perhaps if he knows his sketches are not permanent, he will be more willing to try? Try a whiteboard, or a chalkboard, or even a pan of sand. Ok, that sounds like a good idea, hopefully I can get him to do that! (Also congrats on learning Japanese calligraphy I just started studying the language myself n that stuff hard lol) > "do as many recognisable sketches of this thing we're drawing as you can within (time frame)",

This is  really good idea. I always hated drawing from life, but I really enjoyed 30 second poses and wouldn't get bogged down on hating how something was turning out. These are all good ideas, thank you! And yeah, I'm talking to the studio head about his adhd so hopefully his dad learns about it more and can maybe make changes at home to help him For him it seems to be trying to draw what he sees on the paper, painting and mixing colors he loves (hes quite good at it as well) and from what he tells me it's hard for him to translate what's in the photo onto the paper :/. If anyone knows what could help with that please tell me that's a good idea! I'm thinking maybe splitting his lesson up into parts where he has to work on projects vs times he can just fool around. Thanks so much for the input! The transparent paper thing sounds really good, I'll try to pick some up, Thanks! Yeah, he's a really sweet kid n it makes me feel bad that we can't just explore his interests :( I can talk with the teacher about getting one of those, I'd have to find a way to integrate it into the class tho, shouldn't be too hard. Thanks! Heh, I wouldn't say I *learned* it, but I did take a couple of classes in school. Helped my handwriting a lot though, both for Japanese and (funnily enough) Roman letters.

Good luck with both the art teaching and the Japanese language learning! No problem, and good luck!  