Smart phone addiction . I seem to be constantly looking at my phone . I realized today just how bad my procrastination is . I didn't have to be at work until 3pm today . However, I spent majority of my day before work looking through my phone . Pointlessly I may add. I of course had to rush out of my house like I do every day and hope I'm not late. I know my brain needs constant stimulation and that may be why I'm so attracted to my phone . How can I break away from this and actually get some work done ?  I don't know that I'd call it am addiction but it's my go to when I'm overwhelmed or don't know what else to do.  SAME 
I listen to audio books while I work now because it’s enough of a distraction to keep that part of my brain entertained but not too much to keep me from working. Try the "Forest" app. You plant a little tree in app and you tell it how long you want to be off of your device. So if I set a 20 minute timer it takes my tree (or shrub or whatever I've chosen) that long to grow. Any time you open your phone you see the screen of your little growing plant.

It really helps me stay off my phone. You can still get notifications and check messages but as soon as you leave the app you have a few seconds to get back in before your plant dies. I set it up when I'm about to get into a study session. I have to do a lot of prepping to minimize distractions.  Two things that made a huge difference for me was to put the screen on grey scale and to turn the brightness down. They greyscale function is in the accessibility setting for iPhone. I just googled it, so I'm sure you could google android too. Doing those two things has made using the phone far more interesting. The loss of the colors makes websites and social media less fun to look at. And the low visibility makes me have to work to see stuff. The combination makes looking at stuff less reinforcing and I get annoyed and put it down. And the color change options are far enough down in the settings that it takes effort to change it back, and I usually stop before I get that far.  I don't know what the answer is but ME TOO. I have turned off push notifications from Facebook messenger and deleted the Facebook app which helps a bit but I still end up just endlessly scrolling through shit it makes me so mad  Buy a cool smartphone holder and place it in a spot away from any couches or chairs. Designate that as where your phone goes when you don't absolutely need to use it, turn your ringtone up and notifications down, and try to keep it there for as much of the day as possible.  Same I've been struggling with that for about 5 years now. Like I'm aware of the problem, but can't stop. I even went a whole MONTH without using it. And the I started again. It's ridiculous I'm worst than a crack addict. Quality of life seems better now that I uninstalled all the social media, keeping Snapchat for now but everything else is gone. Now I just waste my time on Reddit :) Get a Nokia 3310 or the upcoming 8110 one.  I’m doing this right now actually. I’m scrolling through reddit, saying to myself “why am I doing this, I am addicted to my phone, I find no enjoyment out of this” yet I can’t seem to stop. Same here. It’s my go to when I’m overwhelmed.  I will definitely try tomorrow while I'm getting my school work done . Seems like a really good idea and I think this would definitely work for me as well . I really appreciate the advice . I'm glad there are people out there with some tricks up their sleeves because I've been at a loss for a while now  My phone is now on grey scale . I can see why this would work and I'm hoping it does the trick for me . Having the brightness down already anoys me so that's a huge plus ! Hopefully I can get myself out of this had habit and actually out my focus on things I need to get done . Thank you very much for the tips . 
I will definitely update this after a few days and hopefully I can report back that I've made positive changes . I did the same a month ago, great results.

I would also recommend taking non productivity apps off the home screen. Mine only has personal/work email, phone, maps, kindle, and messages.
 Okay, I'm glad it isn't just me . 8 seriously tell myself every day to not waste my morning ,but my brain always tells me to just " browse for a few more minutes" that turns into 4 hours and now I have 30 seconds to leave for work and I have yet to shower.  That's actually a really good idea . I'm a huge person of habit . Everything I own goes in the same exact spot because I'll loose my mind if it's not . I'm definitely going to try this tomorrow thank you for that !  