Might be an odd question but how many of those who suffer from ADHD also are colorblind? I know I fail miserably at the colorblind tests with colored spots however I never know if it because of a disability in my eyesight/brain's interpretation of colors or if it is because I cannot focus on all the different colors at once to differentiate them. 

 Colorblindness has nothing to do with focus though. The usual problem is a defect with your retinal cones. If you're failing tests for colorblindness and focus comes into play, it might be that you're probably struggling with plates where you have a hard time seeing the number that's there.

I have pretty good color perception with no colorblindness and while I could hyperfocus on colored circles all day long on those plates, it's obvious without conscious effort that there's a number there (or not) and what that number is for me.

That said, there are plates for colorblindness where you trace a line in the circle instead of figuring out numbers/shapes - maybe that might help you more? And the doctor you go to for this should be able to tell you more about the test(s). There's other tests used for colorblindness too.


(I read a book called Shades of Grey by Jasper Fforde the other week and it's all about color perception and I looked it up, so you're welcome for the __IA-totally absolutely-NAD__ info ;) ) Just checking in to say that I have ADHD but am definitely not colorblind.

The tests, okay, maybe, but how are you with actual life and colors? Can you tell the difference between, for example, the colors of a stoplight? I am colorblind and ADHD.

Traditional colorblindness has nothing to do with ADHD for traditional colorblindness has nothing to do with the brain and has to do with the eyeballs, cones and rods and stuff.

That said there is almost infinite human variation and there are a couple form of colorblindness that is cause due to brain or nerve damage.  I would not be surprised that there is even another form of colorblindness that could be cause by another brain issue that may be connected to some forms of adhd. I'm red/green color blind I have taken both numbered and maze/shape types. The maze was just tracing a line through the circle of spotted colors and the shapes was just basic geometric shapes. 

Thank you for your reply!  Put another way, if you were driving and saw a stop light with red, yellow, green would you have noticed if they replaced the red light with a certain shade of brown that is not red?

I post this for some shades of red vs brown I can not see due to red/green colorblindness.  That brown is a combination of red, blue and yellow (blue+yellow=green) and I can not tell the difference between some shades of brown and some shades of red for my eye does not have all the green receptors that a normal human being has.  Thus my brain can not tell the difference for that brown is 80% red 20% green and since my brain can not see that green I can't tell the difference between 80% red+20% green and 80% red.

----

I am just as a safe as driver as everyone else for I can tell the difference between the red used and the green used for the difference is vast enough and I am only missing some of the green receptors.  That and position of the light, as well as observing all the surrounding traffic. Yeah, I don't have anything for you then :( Colorblindness and ADHD are both often influenced by genetics, but I don't think there's a direct correlation between the two.

The maze is pretty cool - when I looked it up it sounded like there was only one "right" answer in the maze but that you could trace differently depending on what plate you're on and what kind/severity of colorblindness you had.

I only did a couple color number plates when I was little so idk what else there is, just thinking out loud. There are other tests though, like the one where you sort a bunch of color disks by hue and it's for general color acuity more than just colorblindness. :-| don't be sad! 