ADHD Artificial Color Head Slap - When will I ever learn? You know how I'm always going on about avoiding artificial colors?  Well, for the last few days, I've been having a major ADHD flare (made worse by the fact that I'm pregnant, so no coffee for me.)

And, on top of that, my housefull of ADHD kids have been melting down and crazy and not themselves. Totally Psychotic.

We celebrated my birthday the other day, and my DH bought a DQ Icecream cake... (yummy)...... With.... very blue frosting.  Like.... the toddler's diapers have been blue, blue frosting..... like....  stain your skin blue frosting........

Today, based on diapers, the blue finally cleared everyones system.... and my brain is back to 'normal' (for me) and the kids are back to happy and energetic instead of melt-down messes......

So.... yeah.  Maybe I should take my own advice more often....

But... DQ Icecream cake..... SOOOOOO YUMMMY! ADHD "flare up"? I'm sorry, but I've never heard of ADHD being a thing that comes and goes or "flares up" like an allergic reaction. It's a mental disorder, either you have it or you do not.  I can't seem to find any substantive studies that back up this claim. Ok, so you just had your kids go to the fair, probably gave them food and overstimulated them with rides and probably every thing else that happens at a fair. Then you went and fed them a bunch of unhealthy things and sugar. 

Your kids were grumpy from a sugar crash and over stimulation, not from "food coloring". Also, you're pregnant, hormones are going to make your ADHD worse and then seem better as the hormones fluctuate through your body.

This, not "food coloring" did that. I'm sorry. I don't see enough data behind those articles you posted. It's almost as bad as the 'no vaccination' people, in my mind. I have read each article you have posted. Do you actually know how ADHD works? ANY Stimuli and the fair has a good number of it will make an ADHD persons condition get worse. 

Correlation does not imply causation. Any Scientist will tell you this.

ADHD is not like a Sciatica or some other condition that "flares" up.  some days you just gotta go there.  icecream cake is delish! OM NOM NOM. I love DQ cakes, but I never actually have an occasion for them. I just buy them to eat them, so I see no point in getting a decorated one. Besides, getting a decorating one would mean standing in front of the case for an hour, agonizing over the horse or the football or the balloons, finally deciding on one, and then being all "OMG BUT THERE'S A PUPPY ONE" and having to start all over.

So I just buy the logs.  so its blue dye as well?  thought it was just red.  Any others that you know of? It can be worse or better depending on day/time/other things going on in your life.

For instance...if you aren't getting enough sleep, it gets worse.

If you're feeling off....it gets worse.

Certain outside things are more likely to trigger bad ADHD days-- they vary from person to person.

Are you saying your ADHD is exactly the same every single day?  Don't you have some days where you can focus more than others.... and some days where....  even reddit takes too much concentration?
 It's like asthma.  My child has asthma all the time.  And most of the time, her normal coping methods and maintenance inhaler are enough.  But if she gets a respiratory virus.... suddenly 'normal' isn't good enough, and only gets her up to 'not having to go to the ER right away.'  If we avoid certain things, she's in control, but...... if we don't..... the asthma flares up...

ADHD flare is more of a metaphor than an accurate description I get... it's like my friends with Fibro-flares....  always there, but sometimes, worse. I'm still not sure what the claim is. The blue food coloring made her have an ADHD flare up?  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23590704

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15613992

http://ajp.psychiatryonline.org/article.aspx?articleID=1566975

http://ajp.psychiatryonline.org/article.aspx?articleID=1566975

http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11920-011-0217-z#page-1

Basically, food dyes increase ADHD symptoms in ALL children (even the not ADHD).... I can't find the paper, but the one that showed the strongest link between food dye and batty kids was a study done in Germany.  

So... realistically, it probably is MOST true for kids of German descent. But... that's a lot of white Americans.  

I don't think going off AFCs will CURE ADHD, it's just that ADHD+ AFCs means symptoms get worse because the kids feel 'off.'   Actually, we don't go on rides at the fair, and didn't eat sugar or AFCs. (Unless the Beef Board's Ribeye had AFCs?)  We just do the animal barns, shows, pioneer exhibits... that sort of thing. We're what other people term "Boring..."
 Some more. Older articles because this link has been established for a while.  Basically, *IF* you are someone who is sensitive to Food Dye, it makes your ADHD worse. If you are NOT sensitive, there's no effect. No way to tell without going off it and reintroducing it, though.

http://adhdbasics.org/library/lib/Swanson1980.pdf

http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/61/6/811.short

Again, I don't think dyes cause ADHD. Or Milk. Or Wheat. Or Sugar. Or television shows.  BUT if you are sensitive/allergic to something, AND you have ADHD, exposing yourself to it makes ADHD symptoms worse because... you're easily distracted by things like mild headaches. Or itchiness. Or intestinal cramps. Or bladder pain. Or blurred vision. Or post-nasal drip. Or interrupted sleep.

Not sure how this compares to anti-vacc.... I'm not saying food dyes are bad for all people. I'm saying they are bad for some people, and if they bother you, and you eat them anyway, you  will be bothered.

And, again, the genetic profile of my kids matches the genetic profiles of many of the kids in these studies.  Mileage will vary depending on your genes.
 But the SYMPTOMS can flare. Actually, I take back what I just say.  According to the DSM, ADHD *IS* its symptoms. The way it's diagnosed in the US has nothing to do with an underlying chemical difference and EVERYTHING to do with observable behaviors and self-described mental states.

So, I guess it IS the ADHD flaring, not the symptoms.  I suppose if there was an objective measure for ADHD, it might be a different story, but.... for all the 'dopamine' talk, no one has proved a single underlying cause for all diagnosed ADHD cases. Well, it was my birthday! And we'd just been to the State Fair so we were too tired to bake.   We usually get them for Baptisms and First Communions.... because they're such a HUGE treat.........  But for first communions, we usually have mostly white icing..../ Red is the worst, but the European studies suggested that MOST artificial colors were pretty bad. (OTOH, Beet Juice? A-OK.)  Usually, if you notice your kid has a reaction to one, it's good to eliminate the others to be safe.

Basically, that means cooking from scratch. I'm not sure HOW you'd avoid them if you had to buy all pre-made and frozen food.   (I mean, frozen veggies are fine.  Frozen Egg Rolls? Yummy, but usually have random crud.)

I think a lot of the issue is that when ADHD folk feel a 'little off' the impusivity and attention issues translate it into major meltdown. We just can't ignore our bodies like other people do!

So the reason cooking from scratch, avoiding artificial colors, and eating balanced meals helps us so much is because we FEEL better, and so our bodies don't add to the distractions.  

That's also why I'm a big fan of identifying and treating allergies.  Normal folks can still function when they're a little itchy or a little foggy..... ADHD?  The fog becomes the ONLY thing..... Also, the biggest studies were done on German kids. They all (ADHD or no) go nuts on food dyes.   So.....  if you have no German ancestry, it may not apply to you, since they don't have a very genetically diverse population.

On the other hand, my family has a lot of German running around in our veins.... Wow.... -3.... seriously, is it so rare to have ADHD symptoms which vary day to day depending on what you're doing 'right' or not doing right?

Don't stress and illness make you guys worse?? Or hormones? Or sleeplessness?  Or hunger? Or lack of sunshine?  

That's fascinating that so many people have symptoms that are on the same level every single day without variation......  Does this vary with subtype? Or age at diagnosis? Or comorbidities?

This seems to back up the idea that ADHD, as diagnosed, is not really a single disorder. I get fibro-flares *and* ADHD flares.  I get it.  Yep.... that the AFCs seem to make my ADHD (and my kids') worse.  BUT when I'm flaring up I'm too ADHD to make the connection that something I ate set me off!

They do...special things...to your digestion....And.... at least for me and mine, if we're 'off" physically, the ADHD becomes much more crushing.... None of those say what you're claiming and you're extrapolating a whole lot of information from a tiny bit of data. But there's so much going on in an environment that is new to them. I'm assuming this is set up like the Ohio State Fair, even then, all the flashing lights, other people, talking, getting to meet interesting animals. Even I  need a mental break after going to the fair and that was mostly from crowds and lights and sounds. For instance, I have a well-document egg allergy.  I can handle small amounts, but anything over a tiny slice of a one-egg cake, and it's nose/skin/intestinal hell.  I  cannnot function if my allergies are acting up.

The allergist who sees our family recommended eliminating food dyes to see if it improved behavioral symptoms--- because kids having an allergic reaction often run around, can't pay attention, meltdown, etc.

FOR OUR FAMILY, eliminating dyes makes a difference.  The kids are still ADHD w/o the dye, but their baseline of behavior moves closer to normal. On the dye, they move closer to 'totally psychotic.'

This will vary from kid to kid and family to family. And sugar has NEVER been linked to hyperactivity in placebo controlled studies... but we avoid it anyway, because we're usually fairly healthy. And cheapskates, so we don't pay money for things that don't provide nutrition.

If going all natural doesn't help your day-to-day ability to concentrate, then you are probably blessed with a non-allergic makeup.  Some of us aren't so lucky. You might look into the Feingold diet people, which my family has been following since last December.  Cuts out artificial food colorings and most preservatives- and caffeine (stage 1, which lasts 6-8 weeks, but I've found I don't need it anymore and I used to be 6-8 cups a day. ). I've noticed my short term memory is getting better, I'm less impulsive, and I can focus on technical writing without earphones cranked up to 11. Your mileage, of course, will vary. But at the least they'll give you an (extensive) list of brands that they've verified are afc/preservative free. 

Background: mild ADHD here, was on meds in middle/high school and have since found coping strategies. 7yr old daughter is diagnosed as well, we started Feingold for her and it seems to be helping so far. She's still antsy and distractable, but her behavior's noticeably better than it was pre-diet. 

TL;DR: petroleum-based food additives are bad, m'kay? Feingold institute publishes a clean list that helped me.  I see. I can identify with what you say about not being able to function well when you are having an off day. That your body can only focus on being off. I get that too. Never noticed the artificial food coloring thing but then again I don't really get down on too much of that.  Also for AFCs and kids in general:  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7965420

It doesn't affect all kids, but it does affect some.  And it's worth eliminating to see if it makes you feel better. 

For me and my kids, the AFCs actually do produce a spike in ADHD behaviors.  Again... I'm not claiming that they affect our brains directly. Just that we have some sort of reaction to them that makes us feel off.

Non-ADHD kids frequently exhibit ADHD behaviors when they're uncomfortable--- hence the spike in hyperactive symptoms from AFCs in some kids. A kid having an allergy attack can often 'act ADHD.'

The difference is that ADHD kids are ALWAYS ADHD---  but if you make them uncomfortable, they get EVEN WORSE. But the melt down was several days later-- after the cake, not after the fair.

Like I said, our allergist, after dealing with out family for a while, told us to cut them out.  I'm not saying this applies to every ADHD person.... 