I feel like I will always be a failure. I feel like an absolute failure.

I am convinced I will always suffer bad grades and end up unsuccessful. My family has such high hopes for me and I feel like I will just let them down.

I’m currently a sophomore in high school. I am doing awful in school right now, and have never done well in it since about the third grade.

Since I was diagnosed at 8, my family has tried several different methods for getting me organized. They everything they could and beyond. They read every book and spoke to several counselors. They tried schedules and color coordination and planners and tutors and therapy. They did every possible thing and I came home every year with 30’s and 40’s averages on my report cards.

I am certain I will not lead a very successful life. It hurts because I know my parents just want me to be happy and stable. They tell me how bright I am and how I just can’t help it, and yet I do not feel like those words help much. I know they are right, I know I can’t control this, but that doesn’t change the fact I will never be intelligent.

I have a teacher this year who tells me how smart I am and I just can’t believe her. I once half-jokingly expressed in her class my desire to drop out. She told me I was way too smart. I genuinely do not see whatever it is she sees in me. I have never been smart and I doubt I will ever be.

I remember being in 3rd grade when I got diagnosed and crying over homework every night. I remember hearing my mom (a former teacher) had to explain to my dad (an Indian man raised where academia was everything) that I earnestly couldn’t help it.

I remember in 4th grade when I’d lost some paper and my teacher called me out on it and I felt absolutely humiliated in front of all my peers.

I remember in 5th grade when my math teacher told me I couldn’t blame everything on my learning disorder.

I remember in 6th grade when the transition to middle school was just too much to handle.

I remember in 7th grade when my English teacher asked me why I never used my potential and I didn’t know how to answer because I simply couldn’t.

I remember in 8th grade having a friend constantly tease me for my grades and never fully grasping why I couldn’t just study. I remember not being able to grasp it either.

My most vivid memory, though, is sometime between third grade and forth grade. I remember my dad being out of town for work or something alike, and it was late at night.

I guess I’d had another bad day at school. Maybe a teacher had yelled at me for forgetting homework or maybe I gotten a 10/100 on a test. These were both very common.

I crawled into her bed when all the lights were out and she asked me what I needed. I paused for a moment and asked her why this had happened to me, of all people.

I think even back then I had recognized my significant attribute of being very caring and an overall good person. I didn’t understand why I had to deal with this thing after all the good I had done.

My mom waited a second and just responded “I don’t know.” Looking back, there wasn’t anything she could’ve said. She really didn’t know what to do and there wasn’t any answer she could’ve given me to make me feel better.

We talked a bit about it. She was raised catholic and was a somewhat religious person. She prayed for me out loud and started crying. I think she really hurt for me and was fed up with all the treatment that was seemingly going nowhere. There wasn’t anything she could do to ease my pain, so she just hugged me while she cried until we both fell asleep. 

That was almost 10 years ago and we’ve never talked about it. I wonder if she remembers it.

Sorry to get sentimental. 

I am headed down a dead end. Medication is absolutely not an option for many reasons outside of my control.

TL;DR: Read it, jackass.

EDIT: I can’t go on medication due to other health issues related to my heart. We’ve seen multiple doctors over the years and we attempted an herbal one a few years ago. It didn’t help much after about 4-5 months of usage so we just stopped. My heart condition doesn’t allow many medications.

My parents are also very against the idea of me taking meds anyway. If we found any that worked they would avoid them. They believe they don’t want me to take them and get into the workforce being overwhelmed because medication had made everything so easy for me. 

Sometimes I don’t necessarily believe that though, just because when I got diagnosed they went to doctors to try and prescribe me something.

If they do sincerely believe in that, I understand the viewpoint but trust me that if they offered me meds, I’d take them in a heartbeat. I feel the same way mate and I'm 25. Why is medication not an option? It makes a huge difference, and if you need it and meet the criteria for it then noone can stop you from being prescribed medication. Hey,

I'm so sorry to hear what you're going through. I wasn't diagnosed until adulthood, so I relate to almost all of it. I'd guess that most on the subreddit probably do too. So while it may feel like it a lot of the time know that you are definitely not alone and other people have been where you are now, and other people have made it through.

But firstly, and most importantly, I just want to tell you that I'm proud of you. If you're anything like I was, you probably don't hear that a lot, but all things considered you probably should. This condition can be an absolute bitch. You try and try and try and practically no one around you even notices. In fact, in a lot of cases, the contrary is true, they'll tell you you're not trying hard enough. I like the term invisible disability because I feel like it really encapsulates this sentiment. You struggle with a number of disadvantages every day that almost no one, even after years of knowing you, can ever seem to see. Give me one person who in the face of that wouldn't feel demoralized. Hurt. Hopeless.

This is why it's so important that you yourself recognize what others won't/can't. Give yourself the kindness and consideration someone with your condition, and in your situation, deserves. Low grades in no way makes you a failure. You are not headed towards a dead end. At most this is a small speed bump, and like all speed bumps you didn't choose to put it here and you don't really have a choice but to slow down. Remember, not even the worst grades in the world would be able to inhibit you from having a successful, fulfilling life.

Following on from that, you've heard the adage about a fish being judged on its tree climbing abilities, right? You need to remember here that the schooling system is not designed with your type of neurochemistry in mind. Not only that, most people won't/can't even recognize your mindset and how it affects the way you operate. Of course you aren't thriving in such an environment, it's not made for you. But how can you legitimately declare yourself a failure if no one's yet given you the chance to swim?

I'm certain as well that in placing too much emphasis on academic success, you are probably overlooking many great personal aspects that will propel you through this life. One which, without even really knowing you, I can tell you now is that you're a fighter. To carry a burden like this, day after day after day, largely unrecognized and untreated makes you undeniably brave. Many would have given up where you've pushed forward. This quality alone will take you much further than you think.

The unfortunate truth is that very few people in your life will recognize and acknowledge what you're struggling with. That's why it's so important for you to. You have a mental health condition for which you do not seem to be receiving the assistance you both deserve and need. Yet still, despite this, you get up each day and keep on trying. That alone, u/MexicanBarbiee, makes you incredible. Remember that.

Keep at it, but try and take it a bit easier on yourself. God knows you sound like you need it. Grades don't mean shit, your teachers are clueless, and I like to entertain the notion (on my worse days) that all the hardships we face because of ADHD makes us kinder, better, more understanding people that (in my experience) are generally an absolute joy to be around. I'm sure you will turn out to be an amazing human being who will be able to look back on this moment with pride for your younger self, your tenacity and fortitude. Good luck, and if you need any specific advice/strategies or just an ear to vent to, you can always shoot me a PM.

Nick. Just because you don't see a light at the end of the tunnel doesn't mean it is a dead end. Sometimes those tunnels can just be really long! Hang in there. 

First, understand you are absolutely and unequivocally not alone. This sentiment is so prevalent in the ADHD community—lots of us feel this way from time to time because society is dominated by normies and so we "don't fit" in that model which leads to feelings of failure and worthlessness.

First understand that you have a set of skills and experiences that uniquely qualifies you for something. You may not yet know what it is, and it may take a shit long time to find out what it is (can be like finding a needle in a haystack!). But there is something. Rather than focusing on the things you aren't good at—normie models of "life"—focus on what you rock on. A lot of ADHD minds have the keen ability to make connections that normies can't make across huge swaths of disconnected domains. For example subtle changes over long times. Or connections among seeming disparate or disconnected things. A lot of ADHDers are incredible gamers, for example, because computer games hit our mental structures very well. So if gaming is your thing—do it and do it to the best of your ability...and then go on to be a game designer, or level designer, or end credit designer, or weapons designer or...

My point is, you just have to find your thing and don't count failures in the normie world as indicative of your abilities or lack of them. You are trying to pound a square peg into a round hole that way.

The other thing is, as a former teacher, teacher's don't tell kids they are smart if they don't believe it. Take that badge of acknowledgement from that teacher to heart. You just have to find your thing in a normie world. It can be hard and it can take time—it can be a long dark tunnel to walk—but there is something.  I'm 45. I won't even begin to tell you what my life has been like. I was never diagnosed but when I figured it out around 25 or so, pretty much everyone I told it to said "well, duh!" I struggled with it for the next 20 years until I have finally found some things that help, even though they don't solve the situation fully. But know at your age, you have a lot of life to do yet. School isn't made for you, but for people who don't have super brains. They think slower and learn slower and therefore have everything spoonfed with repetition.    
      
You're going to be fine. Keep trying. Struggle. Fight. Because you are destined for great things. Just gotta keep going. Diagnosed in 2nd grade and been on meds ever since, but only because I absolutely can't function like I need to for school without it. But off my meds I feel more free, I am able to focus on a whole new world that my school barely touches. I'm the most ADHD person I know and I've gotten pretty good at guitar after abouf a month. I think of complicated stories in my head and fantasize about eness possibilities. It's not that we weren't made for school, school wasn't made for us. The only reason I try at school is because I was scared into it. People aren't told too many of the things they can do without school. School can really help but without meds it's so hard. Our education system is made to put you into a career that you choose without very much knowledge of it. Most of the jobs you would get are not jobs you would like, they mostly involve sitting and doing work, which is basically what you're trying to do now. Try to expand yourself into writing or learning an instrument. You really are smart, just not like everyone else, so stop comparing yourself to them. You have thousands more neurons firing in your brain than they do, but too many to do the kind of work they can do. Plan every single thing you could do, after school or if you fail out, always be ready. Try to write next time you're done with all your work. Write anything: a story, a paper on whatever you're passionate about, or even just a letter to tell the world how you feel about it. Just because you can't school doesn't make you a failure. Everyone is good at something. Find your strengths, they might not be where you'd expect. Sometimes your strengths can lie in the way you interact with people. Maybe you can make people laugh with your extra energy. Whatever you can find. We'll all be here to help. I feel the same and I’m 34. 

Well, it will eventually sort out this way or another.

The only options are to enjoy what could be enjoyed and do anything you could. And take any result(none too) as given. If it’s nothing — well, it’s all ok.

Tears and crying won’t help, sorry. 
And I do it sometimes, but it still doesn’t help. 

Try vipassana meditation(not the commercial transcendental bullshit). It wouldn’t help with your ADHD much(but a bit it would). But in general it could teach you to be a better or more happy person. With all your flaws are still there, but you need to learn to love yourself. 

It’s hard, I doubt I do it myself, but there’re not so many other choices.  Hey there, I actually also just had a meltdown like that. 
I feel very similar to you. I always had trouble studying, and wondered why I could never sit still and do just one thing for more than ten seconds. Your grades say nothing about how smart you are. Some of my most successful friends have achieved great things without even a college degree. 

My advice to you: don't put too much pressure on yourself. Maybe try skipping the hardest courses for now, and just do them next year. Redoing a year isn't all that bad, and it definitely will give you some slack.

You're not alone. And I'm sure your mother remembers that moment :) This is my experience almost exactly, now I'm pulling a 4.0 at the 2nd rate college that admitted me. Life isn't always going to say the same, and grades aren't an end-all-be-all determinor of success. For us ADHD folks, it's just a bad metric. I really struggled when I was in high school, and I have a lot of insight, if you want to know some tips and tricks, feel free to PM me!

Hang in there!
MP Hey. I'm sorry to hear what you're going through. My younger sister is your age too.  I think medication is worth a try though. For people like us, we lack the *ability* to even make these corrective changes in our lives, because we just **cant**.  IMO, medication should be the first line of defense, because it makes things like therapy more receptive.

Good luck! :) >I am convinced I will always suffer bad grades and end up unsuccessful. My family has such high hopes for me and I feel like I will just let them down.

I mean it when I say that I understand. Ever since I began middle school years ago, I've almost always had an issue with my grades. The worst part of it to me was that I never had an issue comprehending the material I was given; I tested out as far above average in nearly every subject, and people would always tell me things like, "You're so smart," or "I could *never* do that." The issue was (and continues to be) that I could never set my mind to focus on just one thing; regardless of how "smart" or knowledgeable I really am, I have some sort of mental disconnect such that I can't discipline myself—pull in the reins on my own thoughts. Thinking back, I was never able to cast the blame upon things outside of my control, such as my biology or my upbringing. It is that inability to source a logical reason for that disconnect between ability and discipline that works against me in my education, and in my personal life as well.

Do you feel as though you have the ability, but you just can't push yourself to do the work? I'd like to talk to you further, if you like. > Medication is absolutely not an option

I feel that the unfortunate reality of ADHD is that medication is absolutely necessary to resist the tides of failure and the depression/anxiety that follows. Of course many of us would flourish with an infinitely flexible schedule, but very few are granted the privilege. Thus we need medication to fit into the square holes that are predetermined by society. Good luck.  What country are you in? 


I ask because you've been diagnosed. That means, if you're in the U.S., your school HAS TO accommodate your learning needs as someone with ADHD. It's against the law for them not to. I don't know about other countries, but you should look up the laws for where you live.


Step 2: your mom obviously cares. Ask her to come in and talk to your school counselor about accommodations. If that doesn't sound like a good idea, talk to the counselor yourself. Hey, my husband was just diagnosed at 33. He receives medication and is able to learn and function properly. Please consider it. You aren’t a failure and you never will be. However, you feel like one which in turn only makes you feel worse about yourself therefore reinforcing the thought that you are a failure. 


I haven’t read your entire post so I don’t know if you have tried anything at all regarding the mindset, but it is something that should be addressed. I can only offer you generic suggestions like: take care of your hygiene, find a hobby, find some physical activity that you don’t mind doing atleast 3x a week (it helps immensely in clearing your mind), and try to practice trying to leave your comfort zone. If you already aren’t doing these, try to pick just one from mentioned and try to stick to it for some time period. It should give you a boost to shake things up. Best of luck, stranger! Here's the thing. None of us have it figured out, absolutely none of us. The only thing I can lend you is advice that I can currently apply to my situation right now. Some things that make the weight of this disorder easier to carry, because for all I know, I am just as lost and as hopeless as everyone else. You can't make progress with this condition if you don't love yourself. All the constant negativity & self hatred is the difference between you seeking betterment, and you giving up. Seriously, learn to love every single part of yourself. All the flaws, broken feelings, failures, etc. All of it. You aren't failing because you aren't capable, you have failed because you had to endure a neurological deficiency in your brain, and you haven't figured the best way to deal with it while kicking ass. That is your Biological makeup. You have to own it. You literally have to wake up every single day and own it. Thats the only way you will be able to gain the confidence to seek help. Im 44 and still experience the same feeling. You’re lucky you’re still young and still able to improve yourself. I never have self confidence even though i always did awesome job at work. Never brag my work to my boss as im not comfortable talking to them. Im on medication right now but dont know if it can fix my problem. 
Just a piece of advice, as i supposedly did it before, step out of you comfort zone and challenge yourself while you’re still young. Its like breaking the ice. I think this is the best medicine for this. I always tried but i always sweating and that most of the time keep me from trying. But until now im still trying and hoping i’d be able to fix myself. Good luck to us and God bless as well. I know you said “medication is absolutely not an option” but then what? 

You say that you’re sure you’re always going to be a failure, so clearly you can see where your life is headed given your current productivity/habits.

At this point, you’re saying the path you’re going down is one that can’t continue if you want to be a happy—so how is the current state of things an option?

At the bare minimum, a good life is one that makes you happy, so how can you rationalize that medication is not an option when nothing else is working? I know medication is not something that you have control over, but the fact of the matter is that for you, it’s very likely that you can’t be happy without medication. 

I’ve been trying to “beat” my ADHD for like 10 years now (I’m 21), and let me tell you, it doesn’t work. You can’t force your brain to focus on something that doesn’t stimulate it in the exact right way. You need meds.

Also, relax, you have your entire life ahead of you. As a sophomore in high school, there are still so many doors open for you— you still have plenty of time to turn your life around, just don’t give up.

 Wow, I can't begin to tell you how amazing that was. But yeah. Failure isn't getting knocked down, it's staying down. I believe God won't let you stay down if you want to try again. Thank you so much for that, Nick.

I agree that those diagnosed with ADHD tend to be good-hearted people and just very sincere all around.

I can’t describe the gratitude I have for your reply. Thank you very much for being one of the few comments that weren’t “go on medication.”

Xx. Dude, you posted this 12 hrs ago and got 10+ awesome replies, isn't that a testament to the creative power we all have? I have a heart condition I’ve had since birth. We’ve seen multiple doctors and none of them felt 100% safe or confident giving me medication, considering my heart is very...fragile? I don’t know if that’s the right word. They’re not certain of what would happen, I mean.

My parents are also very much so against me taking medication anyway. They don’t want me to take them and enter the workforce overwhelmed because I flew by easy on meds.

Sometimes I don’t necessarily believe that though, just because when I got diagnosed they went to doctors to try and prescribe me something.

If it is true, I understand the viewpoint. But please understand if I had the opportunity to take meds I would. 