How should the right ADHD medication feel? Or how does it feel for you? I've been taking vyvanse for about 4 years now and it always made me feel like shit, made me agitated whenever anyone tried talking to me, and I would stare off into space often. Last week I started adderall and i feel the same effects but I'm more easily agitated and head is cloudier as well. Is this just something I'm going to have to live with? Always wanting to be antisocial and alone? It's usually the dose but I don't know either. Vyvanse simultaneously works for me but also makes me feel like shit I'm on Vyvanse as well. I really can't tell if it's really heightened my anxiety or not because ever since I've been on it my life has taken me on a roller coaster ride - and some of it's my own fault (and I know some of my extra difficulties are because before my anxiety and adhd prevented me from doing the things full stop, so I didn't have to deal with the anxiety of doing the thing - I don't have that "luxury" now).

But for me it makes me brain quieter. I had always described my anxiety and inability to get shit done as noise, and I didn't realize really accurate it was. 

It also let's me pick out things, and I don't lose track so easily. Like, when I'm counting/tracking things I have to restart at least twice usually.

It slows me down. Like, usually my brain is racing racing racing. Meds let me just... breathe. It makes it easier for me to be around people, because I can deal with it better.

Basically I have serious brain fog a lot of the time without them. 

It's not perfect. It fucks with my appetite, and I'm already tiny, and that's caused new and fun anxiety around food. But otherwise, they work really well for me. I just switched from Concerta 27MG to Adderall 10MG XR. I've had the worst experience with it. I stayed up all night last night. At work I was super confused and experienced hot flashes. This medication clearly doesn't work for me. I'm thinking about switching to regular Ritalin or Vvyanse. The agitation was also really bad. Anyone else have the same experience?  Most of the time it makes me feel faster and moderately happy but not "high" except for the first few weeks taking it. It always gets me hyperfocused into anything I'm doing and it's hard to break. I get anxious if I don't smoke any cigarettes. Most mornings before taking Vyvanse I am tired and highly irritable and sad. I couldn't wake up this morning so I hit myself on the head (dumb but it works) and that got the adrenaline flowing and I was instantly awake. I used to get confusion when I first started it but not anymore. It has worked well for me but now it's becoming more of a problem. Many days, the meds are the only thing I look forward to in life. 

I can't really say how it should really feel since everyone has a different body chemistry but there is a general sense of how it should work. I think it should help you have an easier time focusing on tasks since it makes everything a little more interesting, thus decreasing the chance of being distracted  I started taking ritalin recently (~3-4 weeks) and noticed I was irritable, but not cloudy.  I recently started working out (cardio and weights) and the irritability has subsided. I know its something 'they' always say as a sort of magic bandaid for psychological ailments (eat well and exercise, but it's been helping me.  I can't say if it'll last, but it was like night and day for me.  Before that I was walking my dog about 1km/day but it wasn't enough.  I know it sounds like a more fluffy answer, but in my defense, I am actually a scientist. It's hard for me to even believe it could make that much of a difference in my mood in just a week.  Might be worth a shot for you! Also tried focalin as well, caused the same problems Aside from talking more... I don't think adderall works on me like it used to. The very first time I tried it I thought I was on cocaine or something. Now I'm just like "oh, okay. I think it's working now since my heart is beating faster." It could also just be the dosage. Have you tried Ritalin? Vyvanse was my homie To me, it felt like fixing faulty wiring in a robot. You know, in cheesy tv shows or movies, where the robot is running into walls and then they pull out a wire and plug it back in and all of a sudden it ran smoothly. Like that but less dramatic really. I also don't take it every day, only really on days I have stuff to do(especially in the summer), so it feels more dramatic to me than times when I take it every day, like during the school year.  I never found the right medication. Lol  Vyvanse never made me feel any different. Dexedrine IR works perfectly. I'm awake, but I'm not wired if I've taken the right amount. Alert but not jittery. Focused but not zoned out of everything around me, everything feels smooth and easy. I think it varies for everyone depending on what their more debilitating symptoms are when unmedicated. For me it's intense lethargy. I feel like I haven't slept in days all the time regardless of how much I sleep. With the right dose I feel like I've had a full rest and I'm able to finish a task without getting exhausted a minute into it. 4 years is a long time to be taking it and just putting up with it feeling like shit. 
You should definitely talk to your provider and discuss alternatives, or if there are other things they can help you with to overcome feeling like crap. 

Feeling like crap could be feeling depressed. Or anxious. Or nauseous. 
It could be feeling lethargic or overwhelmed. It could even be that you feel like less of yourself and therefore feel like crap. 

Can you pinpoint how it is making you feel, or even the behaviours that you are doing if you can't find the right way to describe your emotions. 

If you don't have a good provider that you can have an open honest chat about, you should try and find an alternative. If this is an option, of course. 

With some meds, lowering the dose, slightly increasing, changing the time you take it, changing what you do for an hour or so after you take it for your mental health... these will all have some impact. 


There is also the chance that perhaps you would be well served by an antidepressant as well. Some anti depressants will heighten the effect of the vyvanse as well, and this may be good for you too. 
As I said. Speak to your healthcare professional. There are so many options. Let them help you.  Hi.

I don't smoke do recreational drugs or alcohol. 

I used to take regular multivitamins but I do not currently. My only infraction is caffeine, in the form of beverages and once in 2014 a leftover bottle of pills a friend who was done with them let me have.

Naturally, I'm on a low dose of Adderall. So low that I feel nothing but the focus. There's all this chatter on the frequency if I may, before the medication kicks in about 15 minutes for IR and 40 minutes for XR. Other than that I feel nothing other than mild appetite suppression which I may also feel if I'm in an unmedicated hyperfocus death spiral.

To be clear, I'm not discussing my lifestyle habits to pat myself on the back. Obviously if you do any of those things how you respond to the medication will be different. This is to say that peak efficacy, no matter your way of life should function about the same. An almost indecipherable transition to alertness, concentration, and cognitive inertia. At some point once finding the right dose, you may not like the what it looks or feels like, but others can tell you how you're performing (I wasn't living at home at the time so for me it was roommates).

This also gets to the larger issue of why people think it doesn't exist: it's a minimal coupling of neurological chemistry and shouldn't be associated with anything that makes one feel high. For me, the switch happened when I started Adderall back in 6th grade.  It was like the world went from black-and-white to full on color.  It's not that I was color blind or anything, but it was just such a different way of experiencing the world that it was like an entirely different spectrum had opened up. 
I mean there was some color weirdness.  Like I noticed I was far more aware of the emotional effect that the right color could have.

You WILL know it when it happens.  It's a great time to be alive. That's not at all how Adderall hits me. For Adderall, I basically have no side effects except the physical ones - dry mouth, dehydration, and the stim crash at the end of the day.

Emotionally, I feel normal or maybe just a little bit better. Less stressed. Focus like a laser, not cloudier. And I get agitated less often, not more.

Talk to your Doc about experimenting with other meds or other doses. I've only just begun a medication for my ADHD and it's been adderall. Experience after 1 week of taking 10mg morning/afternoon has been a mixed bag. Focus is definitely there but I feel like I have a bit more trouble recalling thoughts. I've always been bad with memory so maybe it's just happening more because I'm noticing it more. 

I've also noticed I have to direct my attention because if I don't I'll literally zone out staring at something with my mouth wide open.

I definitely feel moody and on edge. Feel like I don't have time for people's shit and just want to complete things on my agenda. At the same time I feel I have more control over my emotions and outbursts. 

Hasn't really helped me organize my thoughts and turn them into effective communication but maybe I was wrong in assuming they would.

I'm thinking of asking the doc for something else just to see if there might be something better. Recently switched from adderall to vyvanse and I like it so much more. I'm actually more social, usually in a better mood, and focused. Difficult to multi task as usual and I can get side tracked in conversation, but definitely helps a lot in a lot of different aspects. It has its downsides too of course. I agree, exercising - especially weight lifting, does wonders for me. Also taking a multivitamin, fish oil, and probiotic seem to help me as well. Vyvanse makes me have no appetite so I need to make sure I eat and drink. I got diagnosed earlier this year with ADHD, Anxiety and Depression. Started off with Adderall and was great. The only problem was we kept having to increase the dose because I wasn't really "feeling" anything. On a higher dose of the non- extended release (My insurance won't cover the Extended Release) I did notice I was more efficient, productive and motivated. Before, I was never motivated because task/ homework/ studying seemed too hard. I couldn't get started because I kept getting distracted or didn't plan out enough time for it. So I didn't exactly " physically feel" anything on Adderall... It was just so much easier for me to concentrate and stay focused. I would take a 20mg tab at 6am, 10 mg tab at 12pm and a 10 mg tab at 5 pm. I had no sleep issues either. 

I did feel the normal side effects like loss of appetite, increased aggression, dry mouth... but they all went away with in months and also I personally drink a lot of water anyways so I probably didn't feel as physically bad as others. 

It wasn't until 2 months ago that we had to consider another option... My resting heart rate was over 100+ bmp and concerned my Doctor. I started Concerta about 3 weeks ago and have been feeling horrible. Worst than I would be without meds. I can't stay focus or get anything done at all. My depression has gotten very bad. I've been in a horrible daze and have been auto piloting. I can't be social or converse because i'm not mentally there. It's hard to describe but I feel hypnotized or something. 

I just emailed my PCP to see if we can just go back to Adderall or trying another option. I recommend talking to your PCP and letting them know how you feel. Or finding a PCP who really cares/ is patient with you. Adderall worked well with me but Concerta did not. So it really depends on how the medication reacts with your body. There also could be underlying issues that could be causing your symptoms. I was also diagnosed with hypothyroidism which also added to my problems of focusing. 

Another thing you can try is therapy. I see a therapist and he has helped me with behavioral adjustments to help work around my ADHD and also allow me to make the medication work the best. He told me that the meds won't help much unless you learn how to organize your thoughts and tasks.  It honestly sucks. For me it's either take get low grades and have a good social life/very talkative. Or take the medication get decent/good grades and be loner. Concerta is methylphenidate.  As it's often chosen because it has a lesser effect on sleep it makes sense that Adderall might effect your sleep.  

You could just need to adjust.  Try taking you morning dose with orange juice.  Many people complain that it shortens the duration of their meds. Well considering you're basically taking oral meth, I'm sure it's a shock to the CNS Yeah, cardio and weight lifting definitely helped my irritability and patience towards people.   What type of scientist?
 How do you deal with ADHD on days you don't take your medication?  How many have you tried and what were they? Maybe it's neither vyvanse or adderall. Talk with your doctor and see if there's something else. Reading this sub sometimes makes me so hopeful that there is something there that I just haven't tried yet because there's always a post about how wonderful x is and how much better x makes them feel

But I'll take the good grades tbh, it will help you a lot in live and it doesn't mean you will be a loner. Find a study group and you will form study buddies. Or maybe an instant release adderall that you take early mornings, wears off early evenings and then you have a free evening not on meds

Good luck though, I know it sucks a lot Orange juice doesn't just shorten the duration, it fucks the absorption up so he'll get less of the first bit too. At that point he should just cut his dose Cool, thanks for the heads up. Yeah, I also live in a place where it's unusually hot. Which does not help at all.  Biology! I was diagnosed after high school, and I was in a rigorous IB program, marching band/winterguard, and robotics team, so I've actually got a lot of coping skills already, just not enough to get me through the workforce and college. When I don't take my medicine I don't usually have any problem, unless I've just forgotten on an important day! So I don't take it a lot in the summer and weekends, unless something needs doing.  I tried four. I don't remember the first one cause that was back in middle school though that one worked for me at the time. After that I took a break for a while cause I never wanted to be dependent on medication. I was fine till later in high school when I was struggling and decided to try medication again where I tried Vivance first. Vivance made me aggressive, anxious 24/6 and really depressed. So we cut that quickly. I actually don't remember the next one but it had similar results on me. The last one I tried was concerta. It actually worked for a while till I started to feel really depressed again and I was tired of it and decided to push through without medication. Though I did a lot of research to really learn about my ADD and figure out what I needed to do to still do well in school. That's what I did. It's worked for me. Though I know it won't work for everyone. I also refuse to ever take medication again though. 

(Edit: I probably took adderal when I was younger but I'm not sure)  My Pdoc explained that there are two types of people: people to respond to the amphetamine drugs best and people who respond best to the methylphenidate drugs. Vyvanse and I did not get along, but Ritalin is amazing. It's  like my brain is "on" and can actually do things. So if Vyvanse isn't doing it, try switching classes.  That's actually quite interesting, I was reading something yesterday about two types of depression meds, some that affect neurotransmitters and some that don't and how they would affect ADHD. I will look into the two types of meds. I wonder know in what category adderall falls, my doctor doesn't tell me shit Adderall is an amphetamine, along with Vyvanse. So if it isn't doing it for you, you may want to switch.  Can you link that article? I'm interested if there is a better anti depressent I could be taking! Thanks for the tip, I'll definitely bring it up to my doctor because the crashes in vyvanse are not worth the few hours of productivity Not an article, it was a comment on r/ADHD I'll check if I have it saved I get 0 crash ok Ritalin, but I may just be lucky. I hope you find something that works! Hope so, happy to see that you found something that works 