I got too absorbed in making my mask for a Spanish project and didn't consider that I have to give a 5 minute speech about how it relates to my personality tomorrow.  I guess there are some things even meds can't help...  Nah you're good! Don't you see?  Just tell the story of how you spent hours and hours meticulously crafting it to perfection[ism], and totally forgot the other part of the assignment.  This is a perfect depiction of how ADD works! "So basically, I like to rip out people's eyes..." I've never been one to "get" symbolism

but it looks like Zuko from Avatar: the last airbender.
 Scary mask, bro. Im in my final year of getting my masters in Art Therapy and I absolutely love it!

I am glad you truly got fully involved into making it, and despite your in class presentation is for a grade, your effort in creating the mask is worth a lot more than a grade.
 i think for someone with ADHD that's a very good depiction of their personality. The right eye is bloody and bruised, from all the errand wiki's, reddit threads, how to's, and such. The left side looks like its rough, and falling apart like my head does after trying to focus on something for soo long and actually just doing something totally random (The funny part is right now I have an online quiz to do for my international business course, and have less than 5 mins left to finish, so the left side of the mask is quite correct.). The mouth is there, but not open, illustrating how i'm trapped in this loop, without emotion/choice. 

The mask looks like it has some wrinkles, each for all the time you wasted and knowledge that you can't use. And its white, i presume you're white....

EDIT: Reworked some lines The larger, bloody eye reminds me of eye strain from trying to focus on everything at once (kinda like rca_cha described earlier).  
  
The smaller eye reminds me of the tunnel vision I get when working on a project or something similar. The slight spiraling of the plaster around the eye and the plaster's corners all facing toward the eye remind me of  other outside concerns subtly closing in while I'm stuck in tunnel vision.  
  
Perhaps I'm overanalyzing a bit. Hope I helped give you an idea or two for the speech though. just explain how you didn't finish cause oh look a butterfly on my window let's take a picture! where's my camera? in the car ? oh hey a coupon for free ice cream let's go.... Just work in ADHD. Eye see the detail as well as anyone else, but do they truly see how beautiful one eye can be by simply viewing the rest of the mask as a work yet to be finished? 

Good job on the color though.  I think it directly relates to your personality... The one eye being colored... Not the color itself.  It's not representative of you as much as it is a literal representation of a mask you're forced to wear to participate in a society that doesn't get you. You want to tear it off, but doing so is not allowed because it forces the oppressors to acknowledge the compliant hiding of their own ugly faces. Purple shirted eye stabber? That makes me feel good.  "And it's white..." lmfao

I guess that furthers the explanation by not having any metaphorical meaning behind it, because who has time for that.  Just get to the point and be done with it!  Haha No, I'm just wearing a costume of him! 