Diagnosed with ADHD at 30 I finally went to a doctor about my life long anxiety, depression and anger/frustration...and walked out with ADHD. It explains every thing thats been wrong with me. I can finally breath and think with medication..I almost dont believe it.

My life went from a miserable, black and white existence I didn't want to one of vivid color that I can love. 

I can only describe ADHD as total chaos of the thought process. Idk if anyone can agree with that but it feels that way if you want, can you give detail about the anger/frustration part? I’m beginning to link my diagnosis with my unusual amount of anger/frustration too, I think..  Oh man. I was diagnosed last year at 30. Isn't it amazing to find out what its like to be a person? Raises hand. I did an anger management course for women years ago for this reason. Before diagnosis. 
It didnt work for two reasons 
1. I couldn’t ever remember the techniques or see when i was in the “amber zone”. Or remember to walk away. Or know when to breath! 
2. I didn’t identify with the other women who were talking about brooding on issues and planning long-term revenges. 

That instant snappy overwhelm anger i believe is part of adhd and now im in treatment for it i feel more hopeful i can deal and that i am the nice person i want to be and lose some of the toxic shame that comes from anger. 
Good luck with your journey.  I was just diagnosed three weeks ago. I am 33. I was diagnosed as bipolar 1 in 2009. I tried every combination of meds the doctor would prescribe before this. I got diagnosed with ADHD and given Strattera. Holy shit my personality transformed for the better. They kept the bipolar diagnosis too, but I feel so much better. Feel free to ask me anything. I was diagnosed at 26. I'm about to turn 27. You're not alone! I was diagnosed at 30 as well. Welcome to the club! I was diagnosed at 30 as well (literally yesterday). This sub really helped point me in the right direction for getting a diagnosis. Thank you for sharing your story :) i wish i was you? diagnosed at 33, so i can relate Diagnosed this past Monday at 35. Second day in Strattera. Hang in there. It's supposed to get better from here. I hope.  (Before meds and CBT)

- At any point im furious if I have to wait in line. 

- A week before my meds I was honking at the person in the burger king drive-thru because they took their bag of food to slow.

- I would go into fits of screaming rage if someone didn't immediately slam on their gas pedal at a green light. (daily)

-I would skip eating. (lunch, dinner) if I had to wait in line. I would get insanely, crazy angry over that. Fast food or the grocery.

-Going ape-shit crazy on loved significant others over how long they take to text back. Ruined every one of those relationships. 

ADHD sucks. I've recently started taking a class about ADHD for ADHD people and one of the things they touch on in the course is how people with ADHD often have anger issues.  
  
We don't regulate our emotions as well as non-ADHD people so we're more likely to fly off the handle at small things, and other people around us may think we seem disproportionately angry compared to the actual problem.   
  
I know I'm not a very aggressive person, but when I get angry I seem to explode with it. It's weird and annoying :( Yeah me too. I've noticed that I am really irritable, and get frustrated pretty easily.

I usually don't get angry though, just frustrated. How dose Strattera feel/work? Its not a stimulant correct? My nonstim med is guanfacine. Seems to help me regulate emotional response but im not a robot from it either. The vyvanse helps with everything else and my major anxiety problems  I hear you.  I was very quick to anger if I had to wait, or often when I was asked to do small tasks.  Once I started medication, it is not like the spark of anger and frustration went away, but suddenly I had a choice to follow it or let it be.  Even if I'm hangry or tired and choose to get angry over something stupid, it's like the meds allow my brain to keep reminding itself to stop.

That's the biggest thing Ritalin has given me, a choice.  I now have a choice to get work done or not, a choice to do chores, a choice to not get frustrated helping my daughter with homework, a choice whether to listen when having a conversation or space out until it is my turn to talk.  

I am thankful every day for meds.  Meds gave me conscious control over myself.  I have to schedule my whole life around my ADHD, and my meds allow me to be able to do that. [removed] Strattera is not a stimulant. It righted my ADHD symptoms within two days with no side effects. I take gabapentin for anxiety and a couple of meds for bipolar 1. 