Experiences With Comorbid ADHD and Autism I have been diagnosed with both ADHD and Autism in my life. I remember being about five or six when I got my ADHD diagnosis. Then my second grade teacher came along and said it was something else but she was under the law that teachers were not allowed to say that they thought a student has Autism. Why this law exists/existed is beyond me as it is super stupid and prevents early therapy and treatment of the more glaring issues like poor communication in those who can talk.

When I was in the fourth grade, I was finally diagnosed with Autism when Mom learned from a YMCA summer day camp counselor that I displayed the symptoms of High Functioning Autism (now known as Class 1 Autism in the DSM V). The counselor said that for my own safety that I be removed as kids were physically bullying me and isolating me when no one was verbally bullying me. I remember one instance when some kids gave me shitty cards when I wanted to play Pokemon with them. Another pushed me face first on the cement and everyone laughed at me as I cried from the pain of falling face first on the cement. Mom got me diagnosed via a research program.

Today, I find it difficult to live with both ADHD and Autism. I have been confirmed by a professional that I have both. My mind is a splattered mess and my thoughts are literally everywhere. 

I find it hard to finish anything like a story or a simple drawing because of my ADHD. When this happens, I get upset as the Autistic side of me wants to focus intensely on it and becomes frustrated by the other part of me lacking focus. It irritates me especially when I write stories for others to read on fanfiction.net. I have stories that are popular in comparison to other I have wrote that I want to finish but cannot find the focus to do so as my mind will wander of to say TvTropes, one of the Wikia pages I follow, or one of the games I have (The Aveyond series, Age of Empires II, Minecraft, Civilization IV and V, Bio Inc Redemption, or Plague Inc Evolved).

In the past, for constipation, mom gave me coffee. I remember it having no affect on me whatsoever. No improvement for constipation. No improvement for ADHD. All I noticed that I had a foul taste in my mouth that I could not get rid of. Coffee tasted so bitter that not even sugar and creamer could get rid of the taste. I am not sure if it is because I am a super taster or my Autism amplifying my senses. 

All I know is that I can taste, hear, smell, see, and feel things others can not. I could (and still can) taste soap in the school salad and no one else could despite the fact that our salads came from the same bin (I still refuse to eat cilantro for this reason, it tastes absolutely disgusting). I could smell fumes no one else could (granted no one ever believed me about them as it was at school and kids are always wrong and should not question anything). People talking caused vibrations that only I could feel and it bothered me. I can hear tornado sirens that are down town and no one else in my house can. I see colors in a very vivid way (a dull dark green looks like a vibrant dark green to me and I can see very slight differences in hues).

As for my ADHD, coffee never did anything in regards of it. No extra mental energy. No calming down my mind. The only thing that has ever helped me was Adderall. I have had more mental energy and my mind has been less of a mess (still pretty messy). The only thing that has not gone away is the hyper part. I still pace around, even when I am not overstimulated. I can't sit still to save my life. It got really bad when Mom tried doing my hair (which took ten hours total, the first six hours was a nightmare as I could not stop fidgeting and the last four required giving me something to do to keep me from squirming).

So what is everyone else's experiences? I would say mine has been pretty bumpy and still is. You got it bad. I had the annoying thing of being misdiagnosed with Asperger’s because my mom thought that ADHD is just laziness and bad parenting (Ironically, if she was right, that would make her responsible)
But that meant that I got 3 years of lectures from my mom, and teachers suddenly treating me like I wasn’t to be in anyway criticised or lectured even at arms length. Which as an ADHD brain who really likes open and honest criticism, really didn’t help.
I only made it through school because I tested well. I can fully relate to your story.  Diagnosed with ADHD\+ASD at 40.  Diagnosed as a kid with Dyslexia and Conduct Disorder.  Everything you say sounds very familiar to me.  I have issues with conversations since my perception of the world is so different.  I see too see and hear things that are so faint others do not.   I also have no sense of things being in the background.  I tune into everything.    

I refuse to eat anything bland.  I have sensitivities to food and sound.  The rest of my body is hypo sensitive to just about everything.   Are you taking meds? I have a friend who put a stationary pedal under his desk, kind of like a stationary bike. He pedals for 8 hours a day while dictating cases in radiology. It’s the only thing that prevents him from pacing. Read everything you can and try it all. You’ll find the right balance for you.  Cilantro tasting like soap is linked to a specific allele in your genetics. I only know this because of 23 and me when I got my dna analyzed.  