Does architecture affect your mood and wellbeing? I know ADHDers are super sensitive and I wonder if how you are affected by sharp angles and some modern architecture. 




I had a realisation today. Architecture genuinely affects my mood and my emotional wellbeing. I moved to the UK from a dull city in Canada partly because I felt so in love with little windy roads, cobblestone and quirky, uneven architecture and teeny tiny shops and teeny tiny doors (like the ones you find in cottages or in very old houses).
The city I am from in Canada is largely big box design and wide freeways/motorways. I have always said that the architecture where I'm from hurts my heart, but I was always sort of joking. 
When I go to Canary Wharf in London I feel depressed.
Today I was walking past part of London that has been gentrifying and new shiny, chic storefronts have replaced older, quirkier shops. It hurt. It truly hurt my heart. 
How does sharp lines in architecture vs curved, quirky and old architecture affect your mood?
Here are some examples of what I mean:
Big block architecture: https://www.yahoo.com/news/morocco-blocks-opening-first-ikea-180828419.html?ref=gs
New H&M store design: http://www.getwestlondon.co.uk/news/local-news/hm-mark-opening-new-hounslow-7926691
Charming architecture in UK: https://www.visitbritainshop.com/world/articles/york-guide/
Charming street in UK: http://www.freeimageslive.co.uk/free_stock_image/whitby-shops-jpg I need my living space to be interesting in some way. I realized that recently when I needed to buy a refrigerator, and almost bought one half the size (for a similar price) just because it was unusual. Didn't actually fit my needs any better - it was actually worse - but...but...the doors were cool!

I would say I prefer clean lines and blocks of color to too much noise or pattern, but I absolutely need detail of some kind. Like, it could be bare white walls with minimal black furniture, but things would need to be unusually shaped somehow. Or placed creatively. Or something should be outrageously shiny or fuzzy. In my first apartment, which was open-plan, all the furniture that was available to me for free was white, so I used my small budget to buy clear acrylic dining chairs, then to paint the living room area a dark grey and the dining area a bright "lemongrass" green. As time went on, I purchased lots of shiny objects, and covered the couch with faux chinchilla fur. I've built a lot of things myself, too, over the years, because I needed something to fit some unique vision of mine *exactly*. Improving my home environment is my favorite investment.

(Aside: My mom hated the dining room color when she first saw it, saying it looked like baby poop. She almost refused to come see it painted because she was actually worried that she would be made physically ill. But then, when she saw it all together, she fell in love. People were always so surprised when they first saw it and said that they *never* would have picked that color themselves, but ultimately loved it and agreed that it was perfect for reasons that they couldn't quite place. People loved to take selfies there, and always told me that everyone who saw them immediately mentioned how nice the apartment was. When I left, the people re-priming the walls kept trying to convince me to leave it (but I couldn't, by contract).)

All this to say, I think the common thread is that we require intensity of some kind. We crave novelty, and enjoy being completely captivated. It makes sense that this extends to our visual senses. 

We may have different tastes, but there is certainly a common thread. I'll say, for my part, I really love weird buildings. Strange angles, unusual spaces. In my area in the 70's there were lots of these cool, weird modern homes built with bizarre roof-lines and geometries. I really dig, especially because when you're in them there's always something to sort of learn or explore.

What I hate are little boxes with boxes attaches filled with little square rooms. This perfectly describes the house I'm living in and it's just... depressing. It's uninteresting and unstimulating.

Maybe I'm just an architecture fanboy, though. I've loved these houses since I was in elementary school and used to watch them from the window of the bus. What makes this seem like an ADHD thing? What do you mean by us being "super sensitive"? Settings have an intense impact on me -- I don't know that it has anything to do with *specific* types of architecture being good or bad for me (I think it is more a matter of taste), but I do know that I enjoy being exposed to different and unique environments, different lighting, etc. The novelty of the environment can be stimulating and put me in a good mental place.  This is extremely true for me and I'll do my best in describing how I feel and what affects me, although I've never properly succeeded before. 

Modern architecture and minimalism is not suited for me, the emptier something is the worse I feel. It is also in those kinds of environments where I more easily notice things being "wrong", such as the height of the ceiling in relation to the width and length of the room, how windows are placed and so on. 
If the ceiling is very high some people say that it feels more "open and airy" but for me it feels like I'm not properly secured to the floor. If it's the other way around and the ceiling is at a standard height and it's the room that's larger in the other directions it feels like the walls are moving away and the ceiling lowering down on me. 
Sometimes it feels like my body is pulling in different directions in order to fit better to the dimensions of the room I'm in.

When it's all white everything feels cold and too bright and not welcoming at all. There's nothing for me too look at and nothing that helps me know where things end and so on. 
I also feel like there is more for me to ruin in a place that has less things and colours, like if I would lean on a white wall I would make it dirty. 


When I went to visit my old school (6th-9th grade) a while back and they had put in these ceiling thingies that are meant to help with reducing noise or something like it, everything felt wrong to me. They can't have been much more than 5cm thick but to me it felt more like 20cm and I was walking around looking suspiciously at the ceiling and when a teacher wondered what was wrong I answered that "The ceiling has changed." she then laughed at me (in a nice way) and told me about the noise thing.

I went into the Tate modern http://www.walklondon.com/london-walks/walk-london-images/the-queens-walk/tate-modern-att3.jpg when I visited London in 2012, I was in there for 5-10 minutes before I had to leave because it gave me too much anxiety.

There are also cartoons like Oggy and the Cockroaches  that I can't stand because of how wrong the dimensions feel. I especially remember the room with the tv being the worst because it's just a massive room with a tv with a pillow in front of it in the middle of the room and nothing else. 


Oh and I have no idea where I am or how to get somewhere if I'm on a street with houses or in an area with massive apartment buildings that looks all the same. I am super insensitive to architecture and to a heck of a lot of other things. "Not being bothered enough by my environment" is pretty much my worst (and broadest) symptom. Ours is a hard condition to summarize - a lot of manifestations can seem paradoxically opposite to others. PIs and Hs look like they're from separate planets till you do some digging. Some people with ADHD have sensory processing issues. So the wrong "feel" or look or texture of something can cause really bad anxiety. So some people are truly sensitive about touch, feel, sight, taste and smell.

For example, in me this manifests as a need to feel certain sensations. I have a chronic habit of picking at my skin, fidgeting, slowly destroying things that I hold, or digging my fingernails into my skin because I NEED to feel that pressure.

Also, when I am in a car and the texture of the road is "wrong" it gives me really bad anxiety. So much that it will wake me up if I am sleeping. In my sleep I will often have nightmares or feel a sense of dread and fear if the road is bumpy or has a ribbed/corrugated feel.

In OP this manifests as a sensitivity towards sharp angles and a craving for  visually interesting and unique shapes. Boring or plain architecture might make them depressed or bother them deeply.

This is a trait that is also seen in kids with autism or other disorders. That's why some kids feel comfort and relief in fidget toys or bright colors. 