what i hope i can do to help myself recover from my adhd **TL;DR**: i've moved myself away from the public school environment (currently a junior, sixteen years old) which was destroying my mental health and decided to pursue high school online with the guidance of my therapist and family. i want to start learning how to drive and get my ID. then i'd like to open a savings account, get a debit card, start working for some money, and start exercising so i can work towards a more confident self-image (plus exercising has many benefits for the minds of adhd brains which you can learn more about [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTIv5X8Bo1w)). i'm really trying to work on feeling less "behind" in life and i really want to learn to tame my adhd and learn to use it to my benefit. i also want to redo my room, personalize it more, maybe paint my walls a new color, and just make it a more organized and less distraction inducing place to be in (if that makes sense). really just want to break free from the cycle of repetition in numerous aspects of my life.

it's been a hassle since day one. thinking that you are below everyone else in the world is not an easy feeling. a world that values people for their achievements is hard for someone whose trademark is their failures. thinking something is wrong with you because no matter how much effort you put into everything you did it was just never enough to meet peoples standards. the effort always goes unnoticed because the finished product isn't worth the public eye. i grew distant from myself and from others because i couldn't handle the unshakable feeling of inadequacy. it lived on and festered inside me as time went on. i guess the best way i could describe things was that my brain was a war zone. the important thing is though that the adversity i've faced brought me to the conclusion that there is room for recovery and that it's ok to feel all of it and then some.

school was the worst possible thing i could've experienced in my life. it was pretty much hell for me to go there five days a week and sit there for eight hours being taught miscellaneous information and then be expected to do additional work outside of school. i hated the system and i hated the people there. i still remain quite friendless but not to the degree that it's unable to bare. i have my select few of friends that will do until i can get myself out more. i guess i should bring up that i recently decided to stop attending public school. i've talked with my parents and we came to the decision that online school would be much more easy for as i'll have to spend less time with a shit environment and also be able to spend more times on the things i genuinely take interest in and want to do.

the idea of having to go back to school after the first week of going back completely crushed me. i've always done my best to take the hardest classes possible and try my hardest to get good grades but i could never keep up. the accommodations at my school were a complete joke and teachers were the least bit understanding of my struggle. i constantly was calling my mom to pick me up from school while i cried in the school bathroom. being able to take myself out of that environment means the world to me.

so i guess i've made two big accomplishments already: adapting myself to a better environment more suited to me and deciding to get out more and make new friends. on top of this i want to start learning how to drive and get my ID. then i'd like to open a savings account, get a debit card, start working for some money, and start exercising so i can work towards a more confident me (plus exercising has many benefits for the minds of adhd brains). i also want to redo my room, personalize it more, and just make it a more organized and less distraction inducing place to be in (if that makes sense).

i know this seems like i'm biting off more than i can chew but i've worked a lot of this out with my family and therapist and i'm getting help with medications as well. one big thing i'm excited for is being able work more towards my passion (which doesn't require any form of education) since school won't be eating up so much of my time anymore. i'm really excited to just start working towards these goals i've set for myself and i think this is what i need to start my path to recovery.

i want to learn to tame my adhd and use it to my benefit. i don't want to let it rule over my life anymore like it used to. i'm finally ready to bite the bullet and take these steps necessary. I agree with you 100%. The public school system isn’t for everyone. For some people, public school is more about conforming and less about learning and thriving. 
I think you’re very smart to create an environment for yourself where you can thrive. You’re very fortunate to have the support of your parents. Good luck!!!! 