Color Synesthesia? [DAE see things like this?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grapheme%E2%80%93color_synesthesia) I only recently found out that it's abnormal, let alone that there's a *name* for it...I've been like this my entire life, seeing every letter, number, shape, even days of the week as different colors, each assigned their own color/combination of colors. I don't know if it's related to ADHD at all, but it's just interesting and I'm curious if any other ADHDers are like this. I *kind of* do, but not so much with numbers, at all. I play guitar and when I've spent a long time practicing something I kind of categorize different parts of a piece with colours and emotions and shit. Also I can say different recordings are brown or green sounding. Though I really doubt this is synesthesia, more just my brain labelling and categorizing things. In my opinion I think what your experiencing is unique thing on it's own, unrelated to the adhd. It's not related to ADHD as far as I know.  I do get that a little sometimes, but it's faint and only when I'm exhausted.  I think what I'm experiencing is more of a result of eye strain from looking at high contrast, though, like seeing auras around someone standing next to a white wall. I've wished that I had this, sounds cool and possibly helpful I do slightly with numbers and numbers also have a mood attached to them. I can innately tell if my multiplication or addition is correct based on a mood and color combination but it's very slight for me and only when I'm well rested.

It's more common with ADHD and other related disorders. I've wished that I had this, sounds cool and possibly helpful I am not positive we have much of an idea of what "normal" mental perceptions are. Since we are the only ones with access to our brain while having no access to other brains it is hard to even being thinking about the act of thinking, let alone compare again other examples. 

Since it requires outside feedback one might never know their brains work differently in anyway from others like I have a friend who is color blind and found out he was when he colored the US flag wrong. It was only chance that his school had more than just red white and blue crayons that he figured out his brain worked differently.  This isn't with ADHD. It's just the natural function of the human brain to associate things with other things to help them be better remembered It's good for associating things sometimes 