Tips and Tricks for Mundane Tasks Thought it would be cool to share any tips or tricks we have to get those oh-so-dreaded tasks accomplished. 

Here's one I have for opening mail because I hate mail. I really hate mail. Beware though, geek alert. You've been warned! 

I started noticing how many different patterns there were on the inside of security envelopes. So, I decided to see how many different kinds I could collect, which inadvertently started motivating me to open mail! Whatever works, huh? I have to admit though, when looked at together in a group, the patterns actually look pretty cool, which then sparks my creativity.  This is a good idea. I WISH I had ideas about how to get mundane things done other than, "If I don't do this now, I'm going to suffer later." 

Lately, though, I've learned that having furniture/household accessories that have lots of nice compartments really helps me keep things organized and makes me way more productive -- a place for everything and everything in its place. Plus it's a lot of fun to go thrifting for this kind of stuff and/or dig through all of my shit and figure out ways to make little organizers out of all of my junk (I'm a little bit of a hoarder, so I'm killing two birds with one stone). 

Somewhat related, I have a hard time reading through textbooks and my shitty working memory makes it necessary to dissect the text in ways that are really fucking tedious... so I bought myself a big ol' set of retractable rainbow highlighters (you know, because it's too annoying to have to put the cap ON and OFF over and over again while I'm reading). I try to use different colors for different things, for example, blue for definitions, green for theorems, yellow for meaningful details that are off-topic that I want to hold onto, etc. And I'm not going to lie, I get excited looking at all those cool neon colors that I get to scribble all over my $50 bible -- er, I mean textbook -- with and it relieves some of the anxiety of having to plow through something that's like a mathematical Ayn Rand novel. I'm like a giddy little child sometimes.  