To-do lists feel overwhelming If I'm on one of my brief motivational kicks, to-do lists help me a lot. They are great reminders and help me organize what I need to do. However, after that burst of motivation fades, to-do lists feel overwhelming. 

I think that it's an executive dysfunction-type thing. My brain has trouble picking out individual tasks, so instead it goes "look at all of the things you have to do! let's briefly glance at them and then go do nothing." 

I need somewhere to organize my tasks so I don't forget about them, but I feel like I should find something that works better for me. Right now, my list is organized by "do today", "short term", and "long term". Does anyone have any suggestions as to ways to organize a to-do list or other organizational recommendations?

TL;DR looking for to-do list and general life-organizing tips Try out this thing called GTD, stands for getting things done. It's a book but the essence of it is minimalism. It's a system where you group tasks into small doable and clear steps and you can monitor your progress daily and set accountability for yourself. To do lists are a very primitive step as compared to this system. Try it out. I'm just beginning to adopt it too, taking inspiration from someone who has successfully done it and now is managing and improving without medication. That's how I feel when I write a traditional to-do list. I created a color coding system at my work that's been terrific so far (still trying to figure out how to remember to incorporate it into my personal life). The first time you do this is the most difficult, but it gets gradually easier.

I have a book-style notepad that has one legal pad and one pocket on the inside. I have 5 different colored pens I use for different days of the week, and one sheet is one week. I write down first any overdue or tasks that are still going in black first. When Monday arrives, I start on the black tasks and write down new tasks in my Monday color (green). On Tuesday, I'll write in my Tuesday color (light blue), and so on and so forth. If I worked on a task that day, I'll put a dot. If I completed it, I'll cross it off. I put any documents I'm working with for any of my current tasks into the pocket.

So if I did part of a task I wrote down on Monday, I put a light blue dot next to the task.

This helps me remember what was assigned when so I can prioritize things I haven't touched in a while. I also know the last time I worked on a task so I know when I need to follow up. Plus, because I have one color for every day, I can tell my supervisor when a task was completed. I also hang on to my old to-do lists for reference in case I forget something.

It sounds complicated, but think about it. All you need to do is keep track of one pen and one color for the day. It does take some awareness to start getting into this habit, but it's done wonders for my memory. Maybe it will for yours, too. I got to the point before where even LOOKING at a to-do list made me hyper-ventilate. That's how overwhelmed I was. 

I had to take a break. I took like a 3 month break. Didn't work on any projects. Didn't take hours at my job and had another job that I would work nights instead of the day time. Just to be alone.

I'm still working on to-do lists. I'm better at doing it at work and for my personal life, I keep my to do list to 2 or 3 items only. That's it.  