The best advice I've put into practice (thus far) *note: x-posted from my Tumblr*

*2nd note: this is hella long, I apologize*

\-----

After a lot of reading, internal reflection, and conversations with those who know me best as well as friends who are ADHD, I feel the chances that I’m ADHD-PI, ADHD-C, or another kind of neuro-atypical are pretty damn good. My master goal to be completed by my birthday in February is to be well on my way to a diagnosis and treatment plan (or not, depending on what is found via testing).

Anyhoo, I’ve been perusing ADHD forums lately, this one included, and have come across some great advice. The best and most productive piece for me thus far is something along the lines of:  ***"play to your strengths and likes whenever you can, try to find some element of enjoyment in what you need to do when you can’t.”*** 

After seeing this prompt and thinking about it re: some of the household chores I hardly do, I realized I don’t hate the entire act of certain daily tasks and responsibilities, but the parts I do hate have outweighed/outnumbered the interesting bits and therefore kept me in an all-or-nothing camp (usually the latter, if I’m being completely honest).

For example, all my life I truly thought I hated doing laundry. Hence, the only times I really ever did it were when I 1. ran out of clean clothes, and, 2. got bitten by a random laundry bug once every couple of weeks and did five loads in a day. And even when I DID do laundry, I didn’t always finish it. Sometimes (...okay, A LOT of times) I got as far as washing then three days later would look in the washer and go, “...Oh shit, that’s right.” 

What I don’t like–and never liked–about doing laundry is moving all of the shit that’s accumulated in front of the closet, AGAIN, in order to both hang up and retrieve clean clothes. It’s having so many goddamn clothes and towels to wash that it feels like one load isn’t going to make a dent so why bother. But most of all, it’s FOLDING the laundry and having to put a good portion of it away in a dresser (that itself is unappealing because it’s just another goddamn surface for laundry that never makes it into the dresser because there’s not enough room or there’s too much shit in front of the dresser to open the drawers and I’m too unmotivated to clean). It’s boring, it’s repetitive, it’s annoying, I hate the wrinkles that sometimes set, I hate the smell dressers leave on my clothes even with dryer sheets in each drawer, and I feel oddly compelled to make sure I fold each item as perfectly as I can, which adds to the amount of time it takes to complete the chore, which is time taken away from other things I’d rather be doing.

This has been my relationship with laundry for as long as I can remember. I can go all the way back to my parents telling eight year-old me to fold all my clothes and put them away *neatly* in my dresser. I always DREADED it and put it off as long as possible. When I did get around to doing it, I rarely did it to my father’s satisfaction. I could never keep my dresser drawers neat no matter how hard I tried, either. The same goes for my desks at school, and my book bags, my room in general...are you sensing a trend yet?

(Yeah, WOW that was a lot to unpack).

However! I now know that I'm both good at and like organizing clean clothes according to season, type, and even color. I get a kick out of mix-matching my socks (so long as they’re they same thickness and length). Seeing that I have A LOT of clean underwear and socks is oddly satisfying for me. And towels? I don’t mind folding towels. Those don’t take very long and they feel nice when they’re still warm out of the dryer sadlkjdasjkdsakl. Knowing that I have a variety of clean clothes to choose from relieves some stress, as I know I’m not relegated to wearing a piece of clothing that I don’t really like or aren't 'vibing' at all that day since I procrastinated doing laundry again. Also, I really like hanging up clothes: it’s easy and more enjoyable than folding. It’s faster, too!

So last Sunday, on a whim buoyed by an unusual amount of motivation and energy, I decided to “play to my strengths and likes” by ditching my bulky six-drawer dresser (one of those long ones with the heavy mirror attached to the back) for two two-tier wardrobe RACKS that we drilled to the wall. 

I literally unearthed my bedroom floor (please don't think I'm over-exaggerating as I really don't want to have to post pictures of what was my disaster of a bedroom on the internet for everyone to see), washed, dried, and immediately hung up four entire loads of laundry according to work clothes and casual clothes, then according to pants and jeans on the bottom tier and long sleeved shirts to short sleeved shirts to tank tops on the top tier. I used the middle rack of shelves to store my my mis-matched socks and skivvies (I toss them into those nifty open-box containers from Target-I like tossing things!). I haven’t quite worked out how to handle everything else, but I’ll brainstorm with Jeremy later tonight.

Anyway, this change probably seems so small and simple to family and a lot of my friends, but it's heaps more fun AND helpful for me. Which makes me do it! And do it *more*! It’s been a week and I haven’t thrown one piece of clothing onto my newly-exposed carpet yet. Everything either goes into a hamper to get washed or goes back on the rack if it’s still wearable after one or two days.

What's great is that I began applying this to other tasks by coming up with a list of chores that I know that I like or don’t mind doing and a list that I dislike doing and won’t do unless absolutely necessary. My boyfriend and I now have a deeper-cleaning day with lighter cleaning days, and knowing that I have a list of many different tasks that I know I can find some element of enjoyment and satisfaction in actually makes it easier for me chose some of them and DO them. Especially in this case, some is infinitely better than the none-save-for-every-four-or-five-months I was doing.

We've done the same thing with making food at home and eating out. I have lists of foods/recipes I know I enjoy cooking and eating. I have a “These are great,” “These are good,” “These are meh,” “I can eat at least two things here if someone else really wants to go here” “These are NOPE” list for restaurants. They’ll get reviewed occasionally to see if I still feel the same about them, of course, but knowing they’re there for easy reference eases SO much stress from all of the constant free-floating in “I don’t know what I feel like eating right now” territory I do.

Even if testing says I’m not ADHD of some type, I’m still going to stick with this philosophy. Things aren’t perfect but they’re sure as hell getting better a little more every day.

Anyway, I wanted to emphasize and illustrate ***"play to your strengths and likes whenever you can, try to find some element of enjoyment in what you need to do when you can’t”*** for anyone else who also needs help/motivation and is either heavily leaning towards being ADHD or knows they are. Mentally and physically unpacking advice like this will take some time but the payoff is so worth it. I feel more accomplished than I have in years. I am incredibly happy for you! And “play to your strengths and likes whenever you can; find a way to make it so when you can’t” (I know that wasn’t exact, but close!) is always a good reminder.  

Laundry and bedroom-cleanliness are monsters I’ve conquered over the last 2 years since my diagnosis, as well. I love your method! Would you mind posting pictures of the “now” with the wardrobe racks attached to the wall, when you find a moment? I’m having a hard time picturing it in my head. 

Something that really helped me was the merciless casting away of all not-insanely-comfortable or must-have items. I donated them all, don’t worry-but clearing my personal space (and floor, and closet, and dresser) has me feeling more calm in my own space, keeps my loads of laundry smaller, and therefore more manageable/less daunting.  