Found out something from the past that's fairly upsetting First off, hi. I've never posted here before.  Diagnosed in the 2nd grade, but then got diagnosed with depression in 3rd grade by my family doctor (eye roll). So my ADHD took a back seat. Started on Concerta, then Strattera, then Adderall. Strattera made me suicidal at 10, so my mom made me quit that. I've also been on a long list of antidepressant/antipsychotic cocktails. Long story short, I don't think I've ever been properly treated and medication scares me because of my past.

Anyway... Onto the point of my post.

I was hospitalized my junior year of high school because I was self harming and refusing to go to school, so I asked my mom to take me. That week I learned a lot about myself and met the most wonderful psychiatrist I've ever talked with. She was the first person to really listen to me. She assumed my social anixety and depression stemmed from my ADHD, which was a first. She had me taking Adderall XR and low dose lamictal, maybe an antidepressant too, but it's honestly a blur (I'm 25 now). I remember being very giddy that day. I felt good for the first time in a long time.

My mom and dad came to visit me and my mom noticed a difference in me immediately. However, instead of being happy for the change, she was upset... She told my psychiatrist, "That is NOT my child!!!" She had them take me off of the lamictal, but I continued the Adderall.

I didn't go back to school because I left with piles of overdue work and failing grades, so I dropped out and later got my GED. I had spent all of high school unmedicated because I believed that ADHD was fake and medication was evil. I stopped caring about school because I thought I was just stupid. But I didn't even have to take the GED classes because I passed the pretest with flying colors, then almost "graduated" with an honors GED certificate if it weren't for the history questions. I couldn't stand history class because of memory problems, yet I loved learning about it.

Fast forward to today. I had a baby, she is now almost 5 months old. I am a wreck. I married an undiagnosed ADHD man and had a baby with him. Lol You can imagine how great that's going. I did not start making all the ADHD connections with him until I found this sub, and then I kept thinking, "Holy shit, I forgot about MY ADHD."

We are both in the process of seeking treatment. The counselor I am seeing asked me if I had ever used marijuana before. I was like, "Yeah, actually I miss it and loved it. I could actually function socially when I smoked, however could not focus or stay motivated." Then this lady asked me about Lamictal. I was like, "Wow, why does that sound familiar?" She told me about it and suggested I take a low dose. So I decided to ask my mom if I had ever taken it (my mom remembers every medication I have ever taken, I unfortunately do not). That's when my mom told me about that day when I was in the hospital. I asked my mom what was so different about me and she literally tells me, "Well, you seemed hyper and too happy like you did when you were a kid and I didn't like that."

WTF. I love my mom, but I'm obviously pissed. I dropped out of high school and quit every job I ever had and now struggle keeping up with my day to day life and have to take care of a child, and you mean to tell me things could have been different? What if that giddy kid is the real me? Most days I feel like a zombie faking it. I'm not sure what to do. I am terrified to try medication again, but I'm starting to think it might be a good idea.

Am I out of line for being so upset about this? Thanks for sticking it out and reading my rambling.

TL;DR:
In high school, I might have been diagnosed and treated correctly, but my mom didn't like how I acted medicated... My life went off the rails after my mom had me taken off of the meds, and I'm afraid to try again because of my side effects during childhood. Nope. Wtf. You’re not out of line or unreasonable at all, that sounds like a ridiculous thing for your mom to do.  Definitely not out of line. I sure as hell know I'd be pissed if I found out what had happened, but you also can't completely blame your mom. I guess she was scared because she had never seen that side of yours. When was this? Maybe at the time people were unsure of the meds? I can understand why she wouldn't like you being on meds if you acted different, even though that it technically what they are suppose to do. I am trying to be logical here even though I would be really, really mad in your shoes.  Wow - I'm so sorry to hear that. Your mom didn't like you happy?! What the actual f\*ck. 

My story isn't as bad as yours, but I do have a lot of resentment of my mom for my undiagnosed ADHD and general life struggles up until this point. It doesn't solve everything, but it does make me feel powerful and hopeful to choose to take control of my own situation. I didn't get the care I needed and deserved when I was young; but now I'm an adult, and I'm empowered to make my own decisions, and I am choosing to get this treated and under control for my own sake. It's a nice powerful feeling. Maybe taking that mindset into your own treatment may help? 

Wow, though, I'm already resentful of my mom for my own childhood failures. I can't imagine being this close to a solution and have it taken away from me unilaterally. I'm so sorry.  I hope she was just scared. Part of me thinks that I annoyed her so much as a little kid that when she saw me acting like that on medication, she didn't want to deal with that kind of me. It was back in 2010 that I was in the hospital, when I felt like they got it right. Previously I was so numb from antidepressants, I'm sure I seemed completely different on what was probably the right meds. 