What was your first day on ADHD medication like? The first day I took meds I was 20. My mom brought me an Adderall XR (of dubious means, I think a friend of hers took it, my mother is not the most morally upstanding person but that isn’t the point). 

That day I had decided to visit the Lizzrado Museum of Lapidary Art (an art museum featuring pieces of artwork made from jewels and stone ((vases, medicine bottles, hundred year old paperweights of ivory))). I took the adderall in the car before walking inside. 

I stepped inside and paid my donation. Nothing felt different yet. I was disappointed. 

But a few minutes later, I was standing in front of an ivory [puzzle ball ](https://imgur.com/a/okqT1Sc). Bear in mind, I had been to this museum before. I was barely able to pay attention to one god damn thing. 

And this puzzle ball that I gave a passing glance and forgot about immediately years ago, I found myself looking at it. I bent forward and looked inside the ball. The layers were so detailed. I stood and marveled at all of the tiny intricacies. Oh god, it was beautiful. Unlike anything I had ever seen.

And then it hit me - I WAS PAYING ATTENTION! I was focusing! I admit that I wept a little bit in the museum. Luckily it was empty. I spent the rest of my day reveling in the silver cubes of pyrite, the ice blue sapphires. I walked so slowly. I took everything in.

It was like seeing color for the first time.  I started on Adderall XR (15 mg) about 5 years ago, and I remember taking the first one and sitting on the couch waiting for something to happen. Within 45 minutes I felt more calm than I had in years. My thoughts stopped racing and my mind wasn’t a complete blur. I lived like a total slob up until this point, and that day everything changed. I did a complete overhaul on my room (I was renting at the time) and from that day forward was able to stick to a system and a routine that worked well for me. 

I’m no longer on Adderall. After two years, I had my dosage increased to 30 mg daily and was experiencing a lot of aggression and agitation when I came down from it. I’ve been on Vyvanse for the last two and a half years and am now on 60 mg daily and it works much better for me.  I was on holiday, so I took my first dose of Vyvanse 30mg in the morning with an empty day ahead of me. I sat down at my computer to do my usual zombie newsfeed scrolling, and then thought to myself, "hey, I should get back into a regular exercise habit!" So I did about an hour of cardio/weights and felt *fantastic* -- similar to how you described looking at the puzzle ball, I realized I was able to wholly focus on posture, counting reps, modulating my breath. I didn't get bored fifteen minutes into a HIIT routine! This effect, thankfully, hasn't gone away -- exercise is my absolute favourite thing to do in the morning now.

I spent the rest of my first day downtown renewing my long-lapsed passport (something that's been on my to-do list since it expired... five years ago) and going out for dinner with my husband. We actually hadn't gone on a proper date in... months? I have ASD as well, and I found Vyvanse made it easier *not* to focus on things that tend to irritate my ASD (squealing trains, bright lights), and I was less anxious on the subway/in public as a result. Instead of getting stuck on the sensory-assault, I could nudge my attention to other things. My husband said he noticed it wearing off around 9pm because I started stimming on the train again.
 I felt absolutely nothing :P I tried ritalin and dexedrine on low-high doses and felt nothing. I attribute it to the fact that I had untreated depression at the time.

I did, one day, have a day like you described. I went from taking no stims to taking like, 40mg ritalin, no titration. Not something my doctor recommended (and not something I recommend anyone else do, I am really med resistant and was even more so at the time). Everything just *flowed*. It was like the fog had lifted from my brain and everything just worked. Not like I was some superhuman, but if I wanted to put something in the bin, I could do that, and it felt easy.

Never achieved that on any med or dose since. I’m on day two of 10mg Dexy. Intense insomnia, no appetite, and rapid heart beats. 

Yesterday proved a lot more impressive than today- but I feel that’s because I’m seriously sleep deprived... I've been on and off for ages for loads of reasons, but I'm back on with xenidate as of today. I feel awful, lol, but I'm attributing that to missing one of the meds I used to take that the GP can't sign off on and I need to wait and beg for a psychiatrist appointment. I have however managed to tidy of my own volition today, which is something that usually doesn't happen. 

A little more focus there, a little more awareness of the world, but I'm also physically feeling like crap. This hasn't happened before but I also haven't taken xenidate before, it was concerta and strattera. Gonna give it a good few weeks to settle, of course. I did a complete overhaul of my room too! It was in my dads basement at the time. I got home and thought, it’s time to start getting rid of some trash. Yeah, it wasn’t smooth sailing for me after this. I developed pretty severe depression for other reasons and the medication stopped working as well, which made me even more depressed. Treating depression now, though. Things are way better. 

I’m sorry to hear that you are resistant to medication. I take that I’m not so resistant to it for granted sometimes.  