adhd and a suppressed type of cynicism i feel as if i'm very cynical in nature and it may be partially due to my adhd. adhd tends to make me feel very isolated from other people due to having to suppress who i am in public. i feel "fake" and not genuine when i'm with anyone. it seems as if my whole identity has been shaped around fabricating new personalities so i don't scare people away. it's gotten to the point where i don't bother reaching out to people anymore. i live as a loner and i recently had to stop school because of my adhd which makes me feel even more a failure and outsider.

as a result of all the things i've stated so far, i've grown to become very cynical of others. i can not stand authority figures telling me what to do and i generally refer to people as: stupid, arrogant, obnoxious, and all the things in between. i've grown to have a very black and white view of the world and people within it. although i feel this way, i feel as if this is just a self defense mechanism i've set up due to my past rejections and failures due to adhd.

in reality i want to be around as many people as humanly fucking possible but i can't shake off the feeling of being the black sheep who is despised by people when i let my true colors show. maybe i'll just have to slowly work myself out of this mindset.  Can heavily relate OP. I feel the most cynical towards people who are very bright and happy all the time as I feel it’s not genuine. But it’s a general cynicism to most things, not just people, I feel. Wow wow wow! I felt like you described me.. But it was the meds that brought me back to life. I got back in touch with my purpose for Music and helping others and now I’m reaching the people that need it the most. I started reading and listening to books and I learnt so much about myself and the world around me.

I’ve come to accept being the “black sheep”. I hear people talking down on me constantly - I just don’t listen. I honestly don’t think you are as cynical as you make yourself to be.. You might just have allowed those bad experiences to make you feel like you are. 

Outsider, loner, black sheep.. You say it like it’s a bad thing. I know it’s not easy not being able to connect to everyone else - But look how far your words have reached? The world is so much bigger than the people around you. 

They laugh at me because I’m not like everyone else. A year ago I thought it was like a curse, but once you learn to control yourself you realise what a gift you truly have. They make it out to be cynical - Yet they’re the ones that call me crazy and try to bring me down. 

I’ve been working out and I’m in better shape than ever. I’m not scared to open my mouth and use my voice to help those in need. You have the power to do anything you want! Even if that means standing alone at first. The right people will find their way to you and everything will make sense!

Believe in yourself and never give up!  This sounds like something I could have written. It's tough. Real tough. I know you're not asking for advice, but I can share what things have helped me with this. It's only helped a little, but that's enough for some hope for me. What things have helped you? Well I was going to say yesterday that I suffer terribly from cynicism and depression and hopelessness, and was going to describe some thing that have lessened it for me, but I feel so fucking hopeless and cynical right now that I don't think it's possible. I honestly think that humanity has gone past the point of being redeemable. Humans are garbage, plain and simple to me. Sorry. Come on man! Write it and maybe you convince yourself I appreciate that, but I can't. It's gone and I don't believe in it anymore. 😐 