[Advise:] How to read scholarly articles and actually absorb what's going on I finally got a job, and my boss told me to read through several scholarly articles, find which ones are useful to our project and which ones are not, and then compile them together in a report. I'm having trouble focusing on reading these 13+ pages of dense text. I feel like the words are hitting a concrete wall and just bouncing off. Any tips/strategies? 


What I have tried:
 
Active note-taking >
Printing out the paper (i thought maybe i'll do better with a hard copy) >
Having the text speech function read out loud the text while I read it (as an attempt to reinforce it) >
Tried to read one paragraph at a time to digest


Edit: Thank you guys for your advice! I am getting a hang of it. It isnt easy for sure, but color markers and reading the abstract makes life a lot better! Read the abstract and discussion sections to get a grasp on what the paper is about. Discussion sections will tell you the limitations and strengths and whether it is a good study. Abstract will give you a rough overview of the aims and findings.  Introduction is usually background and related theory so maybe read a few if you are still unsure of the general topic and what the studies are based on. They will also mention past literature that may be relevent.  Quite a lot of it can be useless depending on what you need it for, if you just need to understand the point then there's no reason reading through all the analytical and data collection part. 

I find scholarly articles interesting usually and find it easy to hyperfocus on them Have a rainbow of colored pens.  Use them for diffrent things.  Abstract key words, when you hit them again mark them.  Also actively look for the stupid comments or stupid parts.  Skip the math sections until you need to compare them.  Break the papers down.  Cross refinance them to see if they agree or conflict.   mark them up with highlighter and snarky comments on the side.  
Also read the Abstract and the conclusion to see if its worth a deep dive. If you have to read them thoroughly then markers are pretty much a must.  Read abstract, intro, findings, and conclusion. I  find that highlighting isn’t as effective as making notes in the margins paraphrasing what you understand—concepts, definitions of important phrases, simplified results. We’re such perfectionists sometimes (a perverse kind of hyper focus), so I say read a paragraph a couple of times, write down what you can in the margins and move the hell on. Things often make more sense as you work through them. Are you anxious about performing this well for your boss? That can totally amplify the perfectionism.  I am super anxious! This is my first job and i want to do the best job possible. I’m going to try out what u said. Thank you so much! 