Flux changes your computers color with the time of day and prevents insomnia.  It also reminds me 'You've been on the computer for hours.'    I just thought other people with ADHD would benefit from this, because I get distracted by the computer and end up wasting an entire day on Reddit or whatnot, but when the color of my screen starts changing, it is a subtle reminder of the passage of time. I've been using f.lux for years now. Really great program. 

I could see it reminding you about your computer usage for the first few days but after that most people stop noticing the change.  Doesn't prevent insomnia but makes it less likely. I recommend people also use a screen dimming program because in a dark room the light is still too much for the eyes. 

Even using flux I think the eyes still are affected by the light. It is recommended to get off all screens, tv, tablet, phone and TV at least an hour before bed to allow the body to start releasing melatonin. I find that 2 hours works best for me.  There is also a Flux app for jailbroken iPhones. I'm not sure about Android.  I would like to say I absolutely love f.lux -- at first the color temperature change annoyed me but, after a while you get used to it and don't really notice anymore. And then, eventually, it works.

It helps me keep track of the day going on, and helps me feel tired when I should. It doesn't really help with insomnia, but it sure helps my bed time routine, though :) Yeah, I've known about this for a long time but for some reason never got around to trying it until it popped up in that askreddit thread recently. I was out all day today and got home after dark, and was pretty unimpressed for about the first 5 minutes since it seemed like my screen was just yellow and nasty and bleh. But I got used to it after about 20 minutes, and at *that* point I tried turning it off just for kicks. MY EYES! Augh! Switched back right away. Yup, f.lux is great. After this i sleep easier and hate my screen without it, i have had it for months. I'm going to try this tonight, I hope it works.

Edit days later - btw it didn't work at all -.- just made it really hard to game properly. This showed up in an AskReddit thread yesterday. I've had it installed for less than 24 hours and I'm really impressed with it! This has low compatibility with linux, for example it doesn't work on stable versions of ubuntu 11.X or 12.X. Maybe a silly question but can you turn this app off is you don't want to use it? This is awesome, thank you! I could get used to this... hoping the warnings of being on the computer for a long time aren't too intrusive though I use f.lux. I find that it helps with eye strain but preventing insomnia is pushing it in my experience.  Doesn't work with games, FYI Love flux so much, and the fact that it's so lightweight and simple.

Anyone have any similar applications that are amazingly useful but not cumbersome or resource-hogs?

There was that thread in AskReddit a few days ago but most of those were full on applications that you tend to run when you need them and they create their own window. I used this for probably about a year, and it was great for a while but eventually it seemed to stop having much effect for me. If you are cool with your computer turning orange.

Edit: I do not understand why I am being downvoted. Except in the winter when it stays in "night" mode all "day". I love f.lux! It's really useful, and it does give me the "oh shit, I've been on Reddit that long??" reminder. So....what do you do for that hour? You should probably keep it on for like a month until these things happen:

1) You don't notice the color temperature change anymore (i.e. OH GOD EVERYTHING IS ORANGE FFFFF)
2) You start getting sleepy when you should For Linux users I would recommend [RedShift](http://jonls.dk/redshift/). Yep, if you go into task manager, under processes, look for flux, end it, and go back to blinding brightness. It's not a real warning, it's just the color shift that does it.  It's like 'Oh wow, the screen just turned more orange, it's getting late' or 'shit, the screen's turning blue again, I've been on the computer all night' Depends on the game. I've seen some where it very clearly didn't affect them, but others where it is definitely working.  I'm with you on this. I installed it thinking it would adjust the brightness of the screen and instead it just changed the colour of everything. Nice in theory but unusable for me. you barely notice it I've been using it for about a year now. I only notice when I open up my laptop from sleep mode around 9 pm and the last time it was open was  noon. you'll see a flash of colour change then your eyes adjust in about 3 seconds. It really does help me sleep.  That's the whole point.  you don't want to be staring at a bright blue-white light after dusk -- it'll stimulate your brain into thinking it's still day out and you won't feel tired. It is based on latitude and timezone to determine when the sun is supposed to set. Make sure you have it configured correctly and that your day temperature is not the same as your night temperature.  Read or yoga or meditate or stretch or clean usually. kindle really helps during this time! it's weird, RedShift doesnt work on my computer either.  I really want this feature, im going to look into this further... There's a one hour disable mode in the application if you click on the icon in the systray.  Thanks! I have commitment anxiety even with apps... I play a lot of games and most of them will not work. They usually override whatever fl.ux does.
EDIT: playing in windowed might be the only different i can note. If you read about the app, you would know that was exactly what it is designed to do. The color temperature is configurable so that the effect is less jarring. I keep my screens around 5300 degrees K, for example.  I just downloaded it, and it makes a huge, noticeable difference on my screen. Is it subtle on most? Does anyone want to compare screenshots? The white background on this subreddit is now super orange.

Edit: I messed with the settings and made it more natural-looking. I'll try it out for a while. I dig the concept. I even game with it on, not only does it not affect the game it reduces strain on your eyes and saves you 60-100 $ on those "gaming glasses" that reduces eye strain. If you have to lie to people to prove your case then you don't have much of one to make.  Oh it's set up right, the sun just hates us. get off tablet, go to the kindle! I did not even see it down there.  Thank you. I don't think screen shots will show the effect. Click on the icon in the systray to configure the color temperature to your liking.  I don't notice in games at all.  In fact, I have all of my screens red tinted to some degree constantly.  It's just easier on my eyes all the time this way. What are you talking about? Alaska? Glad I'm not the only one who thought that was funny. The greatest thing about the Kindle (ereader) is you can't multi task!  Oh, I know... and I did. The default settings are a bit harsh intense on my computer is all that I was saying. Canada. E-ink Kindles won't bother your eyes like a crt, lcd, or led screen will, so it is not a bad thing to do before bed.  No eye strain. Just like reading a book. Not a Kindle fire.  