What are some methods I can use to ease into sobriety with a little more grace? To be completely honest, it feels amazing and yet, terrifying in the same breath. I have nothing right now. I'm tasked with finding a reason to live. Most people who say they don't have a reason to live are in a negative state of mind, and yet I'm hopeful - still, terrified.

&#x200B;

I'm in my early 20's, and for as long as I can remember, I've always had habits. Growing up, every kid loves treats. Candy, soda, junk food, the works. The kid with un-diagnosed ADHD, however just happens to like it a little more! This led to weight gain, which turned into what I'd later realize was rejection sensitive dysphoria (RSD), and the years of improper coping mechanisms that followed into my early adulthood. I'm skinny now, and I have a more than healthy appetite.

I'll skip to more recent/relevant details. After some time trying to find the right psych. for my needs and the right medications, I finally ended up receiving a proper diagnosis. Instead of proper counseling, I was given a prescription for Adderall and basically told to grow up. A lot of burnt bridges, lost opportunity, wasted time, all nighters, etc. followed.

&#x200B;

Now, I'm stuck. I told my doctor I wanted off the meds, finally decided I was done with nicotine as well after some reading, and I'm 4 days sober.

Here's the problem:

* I have no job.
* I have no friends (that I should be around if I want to be successful).
* I have a lot of unresolved/currently unsolvable problems with my family.
* I'm eating a LOT. (All vegetables, but I still feel like a bear. I don't want to talk to anyone, I want to eat nonstop, and sleep fall/winter away)
* Nicotine cravings are killer (former ex-smoker and now ex-vaper ..nicotine cravings are universal...)
* I've mostly broken my phone addiction, but this girl I had higher hopes clouded my thoughts a little.
* I have no idea what I like outside of video games, and other things that mostly waste time.

&#x200B;

I know that I love art, music, certain crafts, and that I'm extremely imaginative and creative when I want to be. The problem is that I've set my focus on the wrong things for 7+ years. I'm getting my GED - I actually scored above college level on some evaluations and have passed all 4 with flying colors. All I have to do is drive out and take the tests. What I do after is what has my head upside-down, though. My living environment isn't great, my peers don't have goals, you name it. I'm starting over fresh almost entirely on my own. The problem is, I haven't the faintest idea who this new me wants to be. Honestly, just try something. Go back to school or get a job. It'll feel good to be doing something with a purpose. I'd get a new doctor to and do some therapy, like maybe focused on figuring out career/life goals. 

Also, join a gym or sports team. This is a really good way to meet new people and do something fun and healthy.

There's lots of support groups for sobriety too. Which can help a lot to meet new people with the same goals as you and who have been through some similar stuff, keeps you motivated. AA/NA, Smart Recovery, Lifering, just google what's available in your area. OK so a few things:

a) Why are you going off the meds? If they are not right try a different one, giving up addiction is hard, with ADHD it is harder, where you are unmedicated I cant imagine, you are without dopamine, those addictions are all about dopamine. Meds helped me kick a couple of habbits

b) Nicotine. Get on a replacement therapy. I use the quick mist spray. It cuts the craving off. you can then reduce and reduce, I am nearly off it. I have tried patches, gum, cold turkey. I admit the spray has been with me for about 3-4 years, but I havent smoked, so not too bad.

c) Be realistic, one step at a time. Dont give up everything all at once, you will find it a lot harder. Prioritise. For me smoking was pre-diagnosis. After diagnosis first step was to break my cannabis use cycle. That was successful (still use but very differently now). Then I realised that alcohol was a problem, both frequency and quantity. Now I am getting a lot better with that I will look at the next one, food!

d) Peers are important. Find new ones. Through your studies you will come across a lot of people who are seeking the same things in life as you. Gravitate towards them. If your peers are going in a different direction you will struggle.

e) Accept set backs. You will mess up, it is natural, dont beat yourself up. Chances are there was a trigger, figure it out and avoid it. It is a process. Down voted into the void of no responses at my lowest moment. Thank you, kind stranger whose judgment I needed so. I'm planning to look into some of the local resources after I get my GED. The problem right now is balancing food money with GED testing money, so unfortunately a gym membership is off the table for now. Also trying to find motivation, it feels like more of a shock than a refreshing experience for the time being lol. a) I'm going off the meds because I unintentionally lied to my doctor - I'm currently prescribed Vyvanse, and it's a hassle to take/I have no idea if it's actually helping. I got switched to it while I still had Adderall, and I preferred Adderall to Vyvanse for reasons I still haven't fully pieced together (maybe the whole IR vs. XR thing). I thought I could get off meds if I exercised regularly because I'd done it a couple times on meds, and I have yet to repeat this behavior since.

b) Wellbutrin and a hotline number are all I got from the doctor, so far I'm 4 days nicotine free, I'm just lifeless all in all. Trying to avoid it altogether because it's always a slippery slope in my experience.

c) I've been a borderline closet alcoholic/binge drinker, a major stoner, and most recently a mostly functional stimulant junkie. Weed came first, then my problems started up when nicotine came into the picture. Anxiety has been my number one problem since I started smoking, and that's the one thing I know I'm never going back to. I can't really afford anything other than prescription meds right now, so basically everything had to go.

d) This is the hardest for me, I've always been the type to be shy initially and the most sociable person with the right people. Problem is I can't bring myself to engage fast enough to where I would make new friends. I don't know, another thing I really need to work on.

e) I feel like a personification of dirt currently, this bullet point is easier said than done right now lol. Finding a CBT practitioner or ADHD specialist of some kind is the only way I see myself making progress right now. These specialists are hard to get appointments with here - ADHD coaches aren't even a thing. Dude, it's okay, nobody is out to get you here. You got a single random downvote from someone who probably just fat fingered it when they were trying to scroll. I evened it out for you.   You got it, just take it one step at a time. Really respect the honesty. Always an encouraging sign that someone wants to make positive change. I think the first and hardest step is acknowledging this, so firstly I just wanted to say congratulations on this! No one changes unless they want it, and no one wants it if they cant acknowledge what is wrong.

CBT or counselling in general is a great idea. Finding a specialist is hard, but if you broaden it out someone who deals with anxiety and addiction probably has a decent grasp on ADHD as well. It isnt uncommon to see a number of people until you find the right one! I dont know much about ADHD coaches, but what I do know I think it probably isnt going to hit what you need. 

I see someone who does CBT and EMDR. EMDR might really help you, it targets the cause of issues instead of treating how they manifest. A lot of ADHD issues resemble trauma, so EMDR is great to deal with this side of it. Dealing with why you turn to substance is a great way to stop doing it.

I hope you gain a lot from this journey. It is the beginning of a long path. Given you are super aware of what you need to do, and taking steps to do it, I am left with a fair amount of confidence. I deal with a lot of people with trauma and related addictions etc. The BIGGEST factor in success for them is a willingness to do something, and an acknowledgment of what needs to be fixed.

You have dealt with the meds (seems that was a problem), you have gotten off the nicotine, you are looking for help, and you are sorting out your studies. This is huge, dont forget that.   