My restlessness means I tap my upper and lower teeth off each other to the beat of the music in my head. What unusual things do you find yourself doing because your body needs to move? Curious what ways this restlessness appears in others, or if there is anyone else here who's fidgeting and restlessness manifests in the same way as me. What weird things do you guys do?    
    
[Full disclosure, I'm not yet diagnosed. Going to Psychiatrist in 2 weeks, and to be honest, my GF and I are fairly confident what the outcome of that will be.]    
   

25, male. (from Ireland, anyone else Irish here? Say hi!) I never considered myself to be excessively fidgety or restless, but with an upcoming Psychiatrist appointment, I've been keeping track of symptoms and thoughts in a notepad so I can answer questions and bring up stuff in the appointment, and in reading up on how it manifests as an adult, shaking legs, tapping and drumming on things, constantly fidgeting etc I've been trying (TRYING being the operative word) to pay attention to how much I do these things compared to those around me (family, friends, gf). and only now do I see how much I move around compared. I cant even stand up still without moving my legs around, constantly clicking my fingers etc.
But thats not why I'm here. In this time of introspection, I've noticed I do one weird thing in particular. I constantly rattle my teeth back and forth to the beat of whatever song is in my head (or one im listening to). Like, my lower jaw goes left and right, with my lower teeth tapping the top to make a sort of percussion. Either that or I'm sort of light-beatboxing making fast drum beats. But mainly the teeth thing, does anyone else do that??    

    
(I've spent this whole post doing it, by the way! I know it can be a part of anxiety, but its not a nervous chattering, more a deliberate [but unintentional] going along with a beat, often while my leg and head are bobbing along with the beat. Also, not a musician, just a listener.)    

TLDR: The title is the TLDR i just didnt want to make a post without a TLDR, didnt feel official or reddity enough! I've got the infamous leg bounce and also I have a weird compulsion to chew on something like all the time. As a kid, I destroyed every pencil I laid hand on. Nowadays, I just carry gum around everywhere. 

Also, as someone who plays Melee/Smash 4 at a locally-competitive level, I find myself double-tapping inputs or frantically inputting shit I didn't want to do. I'm a compulsive nail biter and cheek chewer- I nibble the inside of my cheeks and lips. And I've bitten my nails down so far they're sore and bleeding- usually while watching movies. When I was little I took tap dancing lessons. If I had to sit anywhere for any length of time I would be tapping out my footwork as I sat. I distinctly remember my mom placing her hand on my leg and squeezing it to make me stop because my taptaptaptaptaptapitty taptap was so annoying. Now as a parent with little ADHD boys, I totally get how annoying my under-table tapping was to her.  Tapping or drumming. When I'm really in the groove and working furiously I may even go so far as an unconscious drum solo. 
I had to tell my office mate to get my attention if it started to bother him as I honestly did not realize I was doing it.  I pull and play with my earlobes, bounce my knee and click the hell out of my mechanical pencil. Those are the most common ones anyway. I do the teeth thing while I'm listening to music, but I'm always  tapping my fingers, music or not.  I also do the teeth drumming thing you described! Also the chronic leg bouncing, I have yet to find a consistently effective thing to do with my hands though, but like most of the rest of me, they're always in motion. I also compulsively whistle, but if there are other people around I *try* to be conscious about it. OH MAN the chewing. You know those cheap BIC pens? Every single one I ever got my hands on, I'd end up chewing the lid. Which was awkward when you had borrowed the pen, (even more so if you borrowed it from your crush who knew you liked them!).    
Even chewed the rubber cover-flap (for headphones) off my Samsung's expensive phone case. I (now) constantly eat gum, and I've never put 2 and 2 together until now, but thats probably why theres so many intact pens around me.    
Speaking of games, I wonder is that one of the reasons (aside from the constantly changing stimuli and fairly instant rewards) a lot of us can get drawn into them, that our hands are constantly moving and being kept active. As for Smash 4, man I've been wanting to buy it, but all my friends hate nintendo games and my gf is a fucking DEMON with Ganondorf, so no point playing against her! Only smash Ive not owned. Same here! I absolutely destroyed my nails for years, and now that I've  managed to stop that i chew on my cheeks and lips... I also have TMJ (jaw pain), so I'm kinda screwed in that regard. Yeah i do the nails too, but not to the extent that they bleed, that sounds painful. Now that I think of it, I have a big twirly mustache, and I find myself compusively twirling then putting it in my mouth, and immediately regretting it! And I used to play with my beard so much parts of it went bald and patchy. Maaaaan when you put the ADHD lens on it, a lot of weird shit you do starts to make sense. Its nice to know im not the only one who does the teeth thing! You can now buy chewable pen and pencil chewy toppers. Made special just for folks like us who need chew toys like teething puppies. It's interesting what you said about the need for hands to be moving. My husband can't understand how I can sit and color (yes, I color in my adult coloring books) while I 'watch' TV. To me, I get all the info by listening- like a book on tape, but if I don't use my hands for something productive, I'll use them to stuff junk food down my throat.  I have never heard about the chewable toppers, that is delightful! I must see if I can get one for my tablet stylus.    
As for colouring, hey i colour a lot too! its the most chill part of art for me, once ive managed to do the hard work of the figuring out and final linework etc, colouring is easy cause i can stick on a documentary while I do it.  