Struggling student, need advice. On a throw away... I started on dexedrine about two months ago, I started with the 10mg SR, increased to 20mg, and am now on 30mg. I have noticed some increases in concentration and focus, I still have frustratingly restless legs while in class; but overall, have seen a slight positive return on my academics.

I've always had a terrible memory, and have been noticing my memory improving while medicated. However, it doesn't seem to be quite where I need it to be; how do I know when I'm on the right dosage? I'm fully aware that's a VERY generalized question, but I'm a little bit lost there and don't want to take more than I have to. I'm a 185lb athletic build if that even makes a difference. I eat quite healthy, exercise a lot...
Does anyone else feel like their memory is blank 90% of the time? Is this a normal thing for ADHD, even while medicated? Essentially, I can't visualize almost anything. 
Again, even while medicated, I find it impossible to learn anything in class. Especially when it's a mostly verbal lecture. I've tried hand written notes, typed notes, only listening, slight notes. I already break apart my entire set of information I need to know for a class into tiny pieces... I've spent a metric shit-tonne of time researching optimal study methods for ADHD etc.
Yet, even with all of that, I still seem to struggle... And you might be thinking, "maybe you're just unintelligent". Truthfully, that could be the case - but, I honestly don't think so. I have a knack for understanding pretty much anything immediately, but I forget it in literally 30 seconds to 5 minutes.

I guess this is more of a rant than anything; but, I'm a student and struggling BAD, I don't really know what to do. I don't know anyone else with this problem, my family shuns me because they're "naturalists", so I don't really have anyone I can approach.
...Any help would be massively appreciated /r/adhd, I really am desperate. Why are you taking dexedrine?  Are you on any other meds, like anti depressants? 

I've heard of people having problems with memory taking dex. Why not something that works for a higher percentage of people, like adderall xr? 

I'd tell your doctor immediately about the restless legs, most drug websites about dex say to contact a doc immediately if you have symptoms like that. 

I know what you mean about not being able to visualize anything.  My girlfriend gets mad at me because she will describe something, like moving furniture around, and I can't picture it at all.  

Also I couldn't learn shit in class either. For math, khanacademy or patrickjmt was the only way I could learn.  You only see what they are writing and just hear their voice.  There is no distraction at all.  

I really learned a lot watching their videos and making notes as I went along.  I would pause the video, take notes, go back, watch again, etc. 

 Also I found it helpful for some reason to use this Alvin .3 drafting pencil I found to make a cheat sheet on how to solve each type of problem, written very small--basically so I could have an entire course on a single sheet of paper.  The act of making it helped a lot, and the fact that I was using a cool pencil and writing small kept my interest more.  I was lost without my pencil.  It was awesome, normally the smallest mechanical pencil is .5, this fucker was .3, you had to get the lead on amazon because they dont have it in stores.  Fuck I loved that pencil, I gotta get another one. 

 I greatly apologize for the late response, and I appreciate you taking the time to respond.
Dexedrine, from what multiple doctors have told me, is the much "preferred" drug according to them. Any opinion I have encountered has been that dexedrine is overall better. Perhaps it's a canada thing?...

I've always had restless legs - it's that I thought the medication was supposed to subside that aspect of adhd.
If you don't mind me asking, has your ability to visualize ever improved through meds, meditation, etc? I think that's one of the most frustrating parts about my current state.

I'm right on board with the videos. I typically go to class simply to take notes, but I don't end up remembering anything at all; when I go home and look them over is the true "first time" going over the material.

My "Alvin" has been a microsoft surface... Something about the amount of colors and the feel of the stylus helps to hold my interest. Plus the added bonus of one note is fantastic for my severe lack of organization. Another thing is I go overboard highlighting my entire book(s), I get preached to a lot because I highlight "and it's proven it doesn't work;" but, for me, it's the simple fact that I get to color my textbook that seems to hold my interest at least a little bit.

Anywho, thanks again for the response. I used to be horrible at visualizing things, finding my way around, and my sense of direction was pretty crap. When I was a kid, we moved to Colorado, and I ended up walking about a mile and a half down the road because I got lost checking the mailbox. I'd like to say that's better now that I'm a grownup, but not so much. 

With math stuff, the only thing that's really helped me is reading the book (not like a novel, just use the examples to get me unstuck), and drawing every picture out. Draw it out until you can see it and you don't need to draw it anymore. Draw all of the diagrams and label them yourself. It takes a long time, and it can be tedious, but that is what it took to make it click for me. Also, if you can swing it, get an older teacher's edition of the textbook. Those are AWESOME, because they have the answers in the back, so you can do all of the questions and check yourself with the answer bank in the back. 

For memorizing stuff, I highly recommend Anki. Anki is a flash card program that uses an algorithm that guesses when you are most likely to need to review a fact, which is pretty accurate. You don't waste time reviewing things you already know. It works on tablets, smartphones, and PCs. If you don't want to install the Anki program, you can use AnkiWeb. It takes time to set up your flash cards, but once you do, it's amazing. I've never not made an A in a class that I've made cards for. When I was working at the front desk at a hotel, I even used AnkiWeb at a terminal to review in short bursts between customers. 

It lives here: http://ankisrs.net/
 It's hard to say if my ability to visualize has improved. Probably not, but with meds, I can think a lot more linearly--making lists and timelines much more helpful.  

I'd try adderall if possible.  I've been told by my psychiatrist that adderall helps nearly every patient he has when compared to other meds. I was initially thinking something like concerta because I had a bad connotation of adderall from people abusing it, and stuff I heard in the media and shit.  He was right, it is much better than the other meds I tried.  Ritalin is like coffee with a horrid come-down.  Adderall gives you a bit of an internal kick in the pants and actually motivates you to do something you have been putting off.   I never had straight dex, but I would imagine it causing anxiety. 