Effects of Diagnosis/Medication as an adult (23) I know there's a lot of anxiety about starting medication for some people, so I wanted to make a post documenting the positive impacts in the last five months of my life to reassure you guys!

&#x200B;

Background: 

23f, diagnosed with Combined type ADHD over the summer (june? maybe july. time is weird). My mother was diagnosed and started taking medication when I was a kid, but since my dad doesn't believe in ADHD, no one else in my family was told. Mom tried to get me a diagnosis when I went to college the first time, but since I wasn't literally failing all my classes, they refused to actually diagnose and treat me. Mom didn't tell me that, she just told me it hadn't gone anywhere and not to worry about it. Started college again this fall, talked to mom and husband in the spring about possibly having ADHD and they both told me they thought I already knew? I didn't. Wild. Took one appointment with my psychiatrist and conversation with my mom and husband for a diagnosis. Started Ritalin, it worked right off the bat, so that's what I take. 

&#x200B;

Cool Things Since Then:

1. Turns out I'm a super visual learner, not tactile. No wonder what little studying I was doing wasn't working! When I'm not hyperactive, I love to make charts and color code. Now I can keep up with it and do a good job and my study skills are waaaaay better.
2. I actually do homework? Just had a whole semester where I turned in almost all my homework for the whole semester. This has literally never happened. It's weird but kind of nice?
3. Two weeks ago, one of the girls in my physics study group complimented me on "how hard I always work" and asked me for studying advice. This has never happened either. I'm starting to suspect I'm not actually lazy at all?
4. My hobby of bullet journaling is much more enjoyable now that I actually use my bullet journal every day. I kept a whole monthly tracker last month and didn't miss a day!
5. I got a 100 on a math assignment for the first time since middle school. No stupid careless errors.
6. I'm going to get mostly A's I think? A B in physics, which is a huge accomplishment, because there's no way in hell my attention span and study ability could have passed that class before this year. It's hard, but I can actually study and work so I'm going to pass!
7. My apartment is cleaner, and I remember to do chores and get stuff at the store. My husband is happy.
8. My boss complimented me on how prepared I am at work and how hard I always work. It's really nice!
9. I'm pursuing a competitive internship next year because I think I can actually keep up with the work.

In general, I actually feel reliable now! I can commit to doing things and then actually follow through every time! It's an amazing boost of confidence! Also turns out college is less stressful when you actually study and do all the homework and don't spend most of the semester constantly worried about whether you're going to pass your classes or not! WOW! Thats pretty cool how you transformed into someone all adhders wants to become by taking medication . Just a quick question? What kinds of meds were you are on and what dosages worked for you? Were there any side effects that you thought were concerning? . Yeah its pretty wild! I take a really low dose of Ritalin- short release 10 mg pills that I can also break in half when I'm not doing hard schoolwork or important adult things. I take two/three of them a day, but I try not to go over 25mg in a day because it can make it hard to sleep. I don't really have an appetite, so I have to set a phone alarm to eat during the day, but I'm starving by dinner when they wear off haha! If something happens that could normally trigger an anxiety response in me while I have medication in my system, it does jack my heart rate up a noticeable amount for me, and that can be a little unpleasant, but since I know it's just the medication it's not really worrying. It can be a little harsh in terms of come-down, with a pretty sudden dropoff in effectiveness and sometimes nausea, but for how well it works, that's totally worth it for me! No sleep issues unless I go over the personal threshold I found, and that's pretty easily avoided with a little planning about dosage amounts and timing.  Thats pretty neat man , i just got meds prescribed about 2 days ago so i was just concerned regarding the side effects if i were to take it long term. I still havent experienced any bad crashes , its usually a smooth transition into normalness( not being on meds). 

Thanks for the reply and I wish you the best of luck!
 