I feel different ever since I started taking medication, and its not the good kind of different. Can anyone help please? Before I started taking medication about half a year ago, I was super creative, could imagine anything I wanted and felt pretty good. Ever since I started taking medication(switched a few times I currently take Desoxyn 5-10mg daily) i feel much less creative I can barely Imagine thing like I used to, I used to be able to imagine literally everything and I can't anymore. Can anyone help me out and figure out why? Every medication I've tried up until now had the same effect(adderall XR 10/20mg, vyvanse 40mg Ritalin IR 10/20mg, ritalin LA 30mg, concerta 36/54mg modafinil 100mg and now desoxyn 5mg) I can't stop taking it now because I have a lot of tests but does anyone know what I should do or if this is temporary(I hope not) thanks to anyone who help! I appreciate it. You should keep talking to your doctor to see what could be really causing the meds to make you feel that way. 

Are there other factors in your life that might be causing you to be less creative? I know that in my own experience growing up started sapping that feeling from me and I wasn't even on meds at the time, if anything going on meds allowed me to have hope that I could create again. 

Also, what were you doing when you spent this time imagining? Were you able to accomplish tasks and other things required of you? That might be why you notice a decline in your creativity, especially if most of the creative process was spurned on by avoiding other things.  Hey there! I am an art school graduate - who was on 15-20 mg of Adderall Xr from the age 16-23. I felt it stifled my creativity a little as well. 

I thought I'd be more creative of I stopped taking it, so after graduation that's what I did. But my creativity didn't come back to the same degree it was before the medication. But I don't blame that on the meds at all. I think it was something similar to writer's block. 

My only tip is keep your brain active. Color in a coloring book, thumb thru old magazines (Nylon and national geographic are what I find most interesting) and make collages, go to a craft store and just walk around. Sketch anything and everything. 

Condition your brain to think in that manner with the medication. If you're still struggling, talk to your doctor who prescribes your meds. Maybe you can bounce ideas off of each other to get your imagination going again. 

Don't lose hope!  I experience this too - lack of daydreaming, lack of spontaneous idea generation, etc. I'm sad to say it, but the rest of the world doesn't usually care how awesome your imagination is. Sometimes, you need to stop dreaming and get shit done - measurable stuff like jobs, school, etc.

In *my* experience, the creativity comes back after the meds wear off - but then, I do use the meds sparingly with lots of breaks. Remember that you can always lower the dosage - I find that lower doses allow me to keep most of the ideation while also being able to focus. 

 Thanks but I hope if I go off my meds ill feel more creative but still thank you! In what way(s) are you feeling less creative? Well before I started taking medication I would love to build stuff and I could imagine things in my head really well but I feel lost that now that I take meds my mind is blank What kind of stuff would you build?  And would you have instructions, or just kind of build it on the fly?

EDIT:  I know it seems like I'm asking a lot of questions.  Just trying to get an idea of how you feel stifled to see if we can a suitable workaround :-). Anything I want really and usually on the fly  Okay, that's what I was thinking and it's something I can totally relate to.

The biggest change I've noticed in years of taking medication for ADHD is that medication initiates a desire for structure and order.  For me, this is a VERY good thing.  Without medication, I had trouble with comprehension, sequence, and following directions.  I had to work on things from beginning to end or I couldn't put pieces together.  The caveat to working in this manner is that it left me without a means to an end goal.  This is what killed me with writing assignments where I had to come to a certain point.  On the other hand, when it comes to creative projects, an end goal is not really necessary.  You can let it sort of manifest itself from the process.

When I didn't have my medicine, I found noodling on my guitar to be an escape from a world driven by deadlines and milestones.  I think more than anything else, the escapism is what I sought, and I sought it a lot.  With my meds, however, I find that I have very little patience for things that have no visible, attainable goal in mind.  I remember reading somewhere that ADHD affected the reward center of the brain.  We do not receive as much pleasure from accomplishment as others.  So the meds are doing their job by making me more goal-oriented.  I'm better able to handle the deadlines and stuff, and as such, I don't need the escape.  I think you may be running into this same sort of thing.  It's not that you're less creative per se, but there's not as much incentive to build something on a whim. 