How do you guys study for tests? I am a 22 year old college student and I have a test in a few hours. The test is on physiological psychology and I just can't bring myself to study. Ever since elementary schooI I haven't been able to study for anything. EVER.  If I make flashcards I give up after 10. If I read, nothing goes into my brain, I become frustrated, or I get distracted and do something else. Nothing seems to work and since I'm always cramming with any assignment I do I never get as much practice from homework assignments as I should. I know I'm not stupid and I really want to do well but nothing I do works for me and I know that I'm going to continue to fail tests. I typically don't. If I need to, I read the chapter summaries.  I try to make decent notes in class. I feel I remember better writing longhand, and before the test I try to decipher my handwriting with help of the book, it feels kind of like a puzzle and I put myself in the place I was when writing them and feel more connected to it and can call the memory of writing it and rewriting up in the test. 

Also summaries. Informative Youtube videos on related subjects for "added insight" (procrastinating while sort of on subject helps me get back to it again and can even make me more interested in it). Reading important chapters out loud theatrically, with great feeling. Really talking about the stuff with classmates. 

What I'm saying is, I do best when I'm engaged with the subject so I try to find that engagement best I can. Pace around the room talking outloud White noise helps me get less distracted.  It can kind of suck but for me taking the time to create an environment without distractions to latch on to really helps me get stuff like flashcards and reading done. Even when I stop focusing on them there's nothing else for my mind to grab onto so I'm able to get back to work relatively quickly. 

Also cheat sheets are the bomb. Even if your professor doesn't allow you to bring anything to the test making a fake/pretend cheat sheet helps you figure out what material is super key to know and lets you jump around the text and assignments. At the end of making it you should have gone through a lot of material in the process (but in whatever order/way you'd like) and you end up with a very simple small (1 to 5 pages) thing that you can study off of. You can take it where you like, review it right before the test really easily, and I find it way less overwhelming to think of only have to learn a few pages of material vs. a months worth of reading. Also if you make the cheat sheet early carry it around and pull it out whenever you're feeling like you can study. Grad student here - this is the technique that got me through undergrad and my first round of grad exams. Personally, I have to write, and rewrite, and rewrite. I use about 6 different colors of ink and a combination of all-caps and various colors. Also, I'm always certain to make sure I give my meds (dextroamphetamine IR) plenty of time to kick in before I get going.

Also, if I know it's going to be a hard test, I get started studying *at least* a week in advance, because I know about 90% of that time will be spent bullshitting anyway.

I can take a pic of how I take notes if you're interested! I have to study at night. Caffeine can help me, too. I actually study better with some noise around, too. [deleted] Since I am horrible with reading, I have just reverted to watching YouTube videos on the subject as it seems to sink-in more. I'm a 25 year old grad student and for long, boring academic papers, I usually just watch recorded lectures/talks of the scholar and take notes. 

I also print out ALL my notes and lay them on the floor around me and highlight and annotate them and try to "understand" the material more so than force-memorize it.

I trick my brain into thinking: I want to *understand* this well enough as if I was trying to explain it to someone else and it makes studying less painful. Although taking Concerta, drinking coffee, and chewing gum do wonders for me otherwise. Good luck! I have a huge problem with remebering EVERYTHING I read... if I find ANYTHING remotely interesting in the text (Kinda hard not to as pretty much anything is interesting on one level or another) I will retain it.

I really couldnt give you anything to help you study as Ive always had the ability to ace tests and it was the actual every day school work that was the biggest problem for me. (never overcame that one)

Although Im sure someone else around here can give you some pointers or insight :3 I'll give that a try but I pretty much end up being reminded by something I read about something else then I spend 10 minutes talking to myself in my head and forget where I started. That's actually good advice. I've done these before but never truly committed. What works best for me unfortunately has been high doses of medication, and reading each chapter. When I read I have a highlighter system (blue= definitions,  yellow=important notes/facts/info, orange= information applicable to my life). I just would like to try out something that is more consistent for motivation and eliminates cramming, and also doesn't force me to take medication. That's a good idea too! Thanks a lot.  I've noticed that my biggest problem with studying is that by the time I get the rest of my assignments for other classes done it's late at night, I've already taken my medication and don't want to take more too late at night, and/or I just can't commit to something that has no immediate reward. The studying is impossible to me because I'm always overwhelmed or overworked by the time I get to it, or I can't commit to something if I view it as supplementary to everything. I tend to do way better with classes that has short and consistent homework assignments Holy hell, are you me? You just described my study habits to a T.  I'd be totally interested! Thanks so much.  I've noticed that changing colors or color coordination in note taking or highlighting works well for me for review purposes and for understanding the material better. So if there's a system that works I'd love to give it a try. I do wish I could change my habbits to start studying little by little a week in advance but I can never get anything done without the pressure so studying just never happens. My professor is not necessarily a good teacher at all. He's smart, but he's kind of a dick. He's the guy that'll make a 6 answer multiple choice test and have 2 of the answers be "b and c" or "a and b." They will all be eerily similar or they'll trick you into selecting one of those as the answer when realistically it's just a. I actually read and highlighted all of the chapters today before the test, and when I saw the test it was all about the most specific portions of everything so all those little words or subsections were impossible to remember. In the end there were hundreds of definitions to remember and you can never be sure which ones are gonna be on the test. It's just overwhelming and upsetting. I know I need to manage my ADHD in and manner that supports better study habbits, but these tests only reinforce my self doubt and stress. Thanks I appreciate it! Definite more good info. And actually one of the straws that broke the camel's back and encouraged me to get tested about about a year ago was that I could not stay awake in class no matter how hard I tried. This included drinking tons of coffee, chewing gum, eating sour candu, and even holding in my pee. None of these worked and I even sat front and center in each class.  Since I got medicated I haven't fell asleep one time in class. Thanks. It's just a subject that has little value to me, but also the most difficult one in my degree. I can never engage in it because I don't feel I can ever relate to it so I always (unwillingly) space out to another thought either while reading or listening during a lecture.  Are you on any medication? Knowing that somebody else studies like I do is actually pretty darn awesome! :) I know the idea of a "photographic memory" is somewhat hotly debated, but if I can make a consistent link between the color I wrote something in and the concepts pertaining to that "something," I have a much easier recall for that material.

Here are notes I took for a 2-part test that I scored a 90 (A) and 99 (A+) on, respectively: [ECG 1](http://i.imgur.com/nLHlRmW.jpg), [ECG 2](http://i.imgur.com/wcJgbS4.jpg), [ECG 3](http://i.imgur.com/LYyv7EC.jpg)

And how I "map" things out for easier recall: [corticospinal tract](http://i.imgur.com/QsnjtTg.jpg) Yes, Adderall IR 30mg twice a day. I use it around my class schedule mostly. Thinking of making a switch to vyvanse XR or an adderall XR.  The medication helps, but as far as studying goes it just never happens on or off medication.  Wow this is amazing.  Seriously I can't thank you enough for all the help and support.  Thanks everyone! I'd definitely give switching meds a try.  I'm really happy I could help! :D Definitely, that shouldn't happen. Also, give "thinking" of nothing a try. If you can't do it without random things popping up then it could be the medication. At least that's what I've experienced. 