The Bullet Journal Experience So lately my friend told me about bullet journals. She showed me links and all these examples of different peoples journals and I was instantly SO MOTIVATED and FINALLY I was gonna be an ORGANISED PERSON so I immediately went on Amazon and bought myself a nice journal to get started.

The mistake my friend made however, was probably linking me to all of the prettiest, most interesting designed ones out there, because I've now spent the last several days spending way too long making each page look perfect. 

And now I have this beautiful colorful journal most of the way to being set up anddd... as you might expect with ADHD, I lost interest after the initial hype.

However, I watched some of How To ADHD's videos on bullet journaling and it seems like a genuinely useful tool to keep organised and declutter the mind. So I want to keep it going. 

**tldr; My question is, what is your experience with bullet journaling? Have you managed to keep one going and has it been effective? Do you have any tips you've found really useful in your journal?**

 I just make my own rules and it’s messy and just full of anxiety riddled lists but it helps with that. Not exactly aesthetically pleasing.  I took a yearly and weekly spread from /r/bujo that are simple to set up and use. It's been wildly successful for me. I use it to track tasks as well as record what I did each day. I don't remember a whole lot otherwise. 

I am an artist but there is no color or art in the journal. That would be super distracting. It is rewarding to fill in a check box each time I finish something. I also have yearly and monthly goals to flip back to. They are adapted into smaller tasks. Each week has a space for notes - local news, travel ideas, or tips that will help me.

I thought it was another hipster fad, but it's something that continually compels my interest. It's fun to sit down with the journal and not the internet. I love that it's tactile and engaging. I'm a minimalist: My bujo only needs one pen or pencil. There are no drawings. No cover pages. No inspirational quotes. I only change my spreads in an attempt to increase functionality, never for novelty. Lately I've found I get a lot of joy out of using nicer pens, so I've added that, but it's not a requirement.

I've actually been using more or less the same system for four years. I used to use small legal pads--a page a day, and just rip off the page at the end of the day. Moving to a notebook has allowed me to pre-write my templates and I just like the aesthetic.

In no particular order, what makes my system work for me is:

- I've integrated it with my Google Calendar to keep track of more tasks and longer-term projects.

- I've integrated it with Habitica to motivate me to keep it updated.

- I do my daily planning the night before. Five to ten minutes of lost sleep is in every way worth making sure my daily planning gets done.

- I have a well-established system that only costs me a few minutes a day and is simple and easy for me to use. I use mine to keep my running To-Do lists in one place that’s harder to lose than a scrap of paper. I tried the traditional bujo workflow, but it just felt redundant since I also use a memo book at work.  [deleted] I’ve been keeping one consistently for just over a year now. The trick for me was definitely to not worry too much about appearance. The layout I use now is quick to set up, so I don’t get bored with how time-consuming it can be. 

When I first started bullet journaling, I used a spare daily planner that was several years out of date—I didn’t follow the printed dates at all, I just scratched them out and wrote my own ones in, and I didn’t bother restricting my daily logs to just one page. I think it really helped me break out of the decoration mindset, since it was already ugly from the start. 

I recommend checking out /r/bujo if you want examples of bullet journals more geared toward productivity; some people still post artistic journals, but the subreddit overall focuses on utility over appearance. Not that there’s anything wrong with artistic journals of course, it’s just not everyone’s thing. 

Also, bulletjournal.com is a good quick example of how simple the system can be; this is the original creator’s website. He also has ADHD, too.  For the first 2 weeks I used it, it was great. Then I lost it. I stayed away from buller journals for the longest time, because seeing those pictures of pretty journals online was enough to give me anxiety. Then I saw How To ADHD's video (amazing channel btw!) and I gave it a try anyway, but made it as simply as possible. One colour, simple bullets, and a very basic system. I stayed with it for quite a while (a full month?!) and used it to track my achievements for the day as well.

The biggest problems I had with it were:
- the monthly, weekly, and daily overviews. The weekly overviews quickly became too detailed, and repeating the tasks under everyday was overwhelming. I decided to have weekly tasks and daily tasks separate to avoid having each day become a page of to-dos.
- the daily overviews weren't detailed enough. I had previously been writing to-dos on spare pieces of paper, and found that it allowed me to write down smaller tasks since I had more space. Once I started using the bullet journal, it felt like writing down all of those tasks ruined the aesthetic of the journal.
- it felt like I had to write down stuff in a certain way. I know the point of it is to have a journal that's more free than a typical agenda, but I still felt bound to a certain aesthetic and this is what ultimately led to me discontinuing the journal.

I might pick it up again sometime. It was good for separating weekly and daily tasks.  I have been doing it for about a month now. Prior to that, I had stumbled into the list migration method on my own, and was just making a to do list every couple weeks, with the categories of URGENT, SOON, and LONG-TERM.

I moved my lists into a BuJo, found a weekly spread that works for me, and started. So far it's been okay. I have grown to like making the little boxes red when I finish stuff, and I like being able to see my whole week/month on one page.

This weekend my habit tracker completely fell apart. I've also started to fall behind on tasks, because I've been working on a bigger project. But I can still migrate them, so it's not stressing me out too much. I will probably not do a habit tracker this coming month, as the act of recording all that information every day has become something I dread. I pretty much record just my weight and calories now every day, and that's ok.

One thing I've been using it for in my weekly spread is planning my outfits for the week on Sundays. It takes the decision off my plate completely for every morning, which has been really great.

My weekly is basically one page with all the days listed horizontally, leaving about 5 lines for each. I split the lines down the middle; one side is events (appointments and concerts and stuff) and the other side is tasks. At the beginning of the week I look at my SOON tasks and put a few of them into the daily task list where they make sense, as well as weekly recurring tasks like putting gas in my car, doing dishes, etc. 

I keep a calorie/weight tracker in the weekly as well, along with my outfits list, and a running shopping list. Those are all on the second page of the spread, along with my SOON lists (one for personal, one for projects). 

I keep my LONG TERM lists on separate pages organized by hobby/project (because as you know, we ADHDers have too many fucking hobbies and they all need their separate lists).

Anyway, I would highly recommend it. It's good because it's tangible--I tend to forget about digital to do lists and appointments, and checking off the boxes makes it more like a game. You want to get all your squares filled in by the end of the week. I've also grown to like making my weekly every Sunday, it's meditative and feels good to put aside time to get my shit together. It makes my weeks a lot less stressful.

Anyway, good luck! Don't stress too much about the art of it all, it works much better if you cut yourself slack and it doesn't have to be "perfect." It just has to be effective. :) For years I tried to get my stuff together digitally, but I also get easily annoyed with notifications from reminders on my phone and other gadgets. Plus I don't want to be on my gadgets all the time. So I decided to give the bujo a try at the start of the new year and it's been going great for me! I can't see myself giving it up! I pretty much use it in the minimalist way that Ryder Carroll uses his with the addition of a few basic trackers (work outs, progress in healing my back injury, diabetic cat's blood sugar, etc). 

It's been very crazy effective at helping me remember to do the mundane chores that I always struggled with my whole life. I really wish I could pinpoint the reason for this, but I'm so much more motivated to get things done if I physically write them down vs. just swiping away a notification to get it off of my screen and then forgetting about the task 2 seconds later. It's gratifying to me to physically check something as done too. It's also been great to use my various trackers to measure progress with things that are important to me. My husband has even noted that the bujo has been working very well for me too.

Two things have helped me:

1) I've made checking and updating it a habit. I check it every morning while my tea is brewing and I get stoked enough after I finish a chore or task to be like "I GET TO CHECK THAT OFF, WOO!" I know that habits and adhd aren't the best of friends, but I've been trying my best to bring them together once in a while for the sake of my sanity.

2) This is a silver lining to something I'm not good with: Sucking at art. And calligraphy. And having penmanship that looks like that of a madman's who's feverishly been handwriting a manifesto at 3 A.M by candlelight. So yeah, sucking at all of these things has made this a very no (or little) non-sense affair that I can't get sucked into for hours.

So maybe give the minimalist approach a try and see how it works! I use mine periodically.  Yeah...just never can stick to something like this. I have tried to use a bullet journal many times and the only time it ever stuck was at work and by using less symbols. I use the checkbox, the * for priority and the > to migrate tasks. Sometimes I’ll use the • for a note but rarely because I forget to ‘solve’ them so a check box works better for that. At home it doesn’t seem to work for me personally, maybe it’s the lack of accountability.  I found out within the last month that I have ADHD and decided to try to make a bullet journal. Fun fact: I found this out when i was researching ADHD and the how to adhd youtube channel popped up!!! what!!!!

Anyway, I have been using mine for the whole month of march, and i am loving it. You do not have to make it fancy and pretty (i wish i could) but its more of a tool. Like she said in the video, if you spend so much time decorating it, it will be intimidating and you won't want to use it. Start simple, do the bare essentials that are covered in the video, then work on what you want. 

For me i do the standard bullet, circle and star to help indicate events. But i added a youtube button to remind me to work on my youtube channel. So you can definitely make it your own.  I use it. I love it. What makes it work for me is the daily review, when you copy down everything that you didn't get done yesterday.

When I don't do the review, things slip off my radar, and they don't get done. That's why I don't kill to use software for todo lists. It just becomes a giant repository of things I never remember to do.

I set a reminder for myself to do a mid-day review, so that I keep things in perspective. Sometimes hyper focus can make me lose sight of everything else I need to do.
 I’ve been bullet journaling for a few months now. Here are some tips I would recomendable to people with ADHD. 

1. Keep at it! If you’re anything like me you’ve started plenty of organizational methods that you lost interest in days or weeks later. I mean, that is basically the story of my life for MOST THINGS. Why should organization be any different? This can only be overcome with conscious effort. In the past if I stopped any New Habit for a couple days, I would usually decide to just give it up as a loss. These days with my journal I actively fight against that. I can miss a whole week and I still know that I am not free from the promise I made to myself to stick with it. 

2. Be patient and flexible. On if the pitfalls of bujos for us is how infinitely customizable they are. You could spend hours carefully choosing your layout and designs and all that stuff. We all know about our tendency to hyper focus on minutiae.  By the time you’re done with a single page you could be burnt out on bujos for life. Start with a simple layout you think will work for you, and then TRY DIFFERENT THINGS. I was so obsessed with choosing format that i delayed ever starting the journal. After I allowed myself to have ‘wrong’ journal pages and to modify as needed, the whole thing a lot less stressful. It’s okay to not be perfect the first page! Keep using the journal every day and THATS how you’ll figure out the layout that works best for you. 

3. Daily logs: WE NEED THEM. My more organized, non ADHD friends keep weekly logs only, with the week spread out on two pages. For me it’s not enough to simply have the due dates for projects or something like that. The beauty of the bullet journal is that it helps me turn giant tasks (that i would usually procrastinate on and then do in full the day before) into small daily tasks. 

My daily logs have four sections that may be of some use to you as well. 

TOP LEFT: To Do list. I divide my daily tasks into work and after work, as I find a Chronological to do list works best for me. 

TOP RIGHT: Health Tracker. This may be particular for me as I do CBT and habit and emontional trackers are an excellent CBT tool. Every day I track how much I slept, how anxious I felt in the morning, if I took my meds, everything I ate, and then I rate my physical and emotional health on scales on 1-10.  I actually would recommend something LIKE this to people with ADHD so they can see how certain behaviors or habits may be making the symptoms better or worse. It can be very illuminating to see the subconscious patterns of your own life. This part of my journal has been the most of a game changer for me. 

BOTTOM LEFT: most of the bottom half of my page is reserved for actual journaling. I do my best to practice fly on the wall journaling, meaning that I try to explain the events of my day as neutrally as possible. I did this because I’m past journaling experience, looking back on your old journal entries can be so cringe inducing as to make you never want to journal again. I wanted to use my journal to refer back WITHOUT getting totally overwhelmed by pain and hysterics of the past. So I try to write out even the emotional stuff like I’m a third party. So instead of waxing poetic about the injustice in the world and how hopeless my career is, i simply would write: “Had a fight with the boss today. Felt X.” This part of the journal is also extremely useful to ADHDers that have a terrible memory just like me. Want to know when you last did laundry? Check the log. Want to know what that restaurant you and Tom really liked in Seattle was called? Want to know what it was that you did that made your girlfriend so mad? Check the log!! My past is such a mystery to me. The journal REALLY helps bring memories back to the surface. 

BOTTOM RIGHT: 
Brain dump. This is a small space dedicated to whatever is bouncing around in my brain so I can put it on paper and then let it go. My brain dump can be filled with things I’m anxious about, little reminders for myself, or even just lyrics to the smash mouth song stuck in my head. This place is gold for ADHDers. The point of it is to declutter the mind. WE HAVE VERY CLUTTERED MINDS. Anything and everything can go in the dump. It’s like the junk drawer for your mind. I find it really helpful when my mind is going super fast and I can’t control it anymore. 


4. DO NOT COLOR CODE.  color codes are a great idea for someone organized who can have ten of the correct pens on them at all times. We are not those people. We are the people that have to write something down in our journal RIGHT NOW before we forget, and we’ll use whatever pen is handy. Don’t let the fact that you don’t have a green pen stop you from not logging your last expense or your latest to-do. Color codes set you up for failure. 

5. Last but not least: have some fun with it! Your bujo should not be a source of stress or tedium, even when the set up takes a decent amount of work. Do whatever you need to keep your journal fun and appealing. Despite my fourth point I LOVE using colors just for aesthetics. It’s fun to choose a new color pallet for each week. It keeps me interested in journaling and makes the journal something I actively want to look at. Stickers, quotes, word games, whatever you want. Just add some personality in there so you really feel like it’s yours and not just a chore. 

Best of luck to you! I hope some of this was helpful.  I just started mines and honestly I actually use the idea that I get to take a break from things and do stuff in my bullet journal and making it look pretty enjoyable. it's almost like a rewarding thing because I get to show off how pretty it is and that part itself actually motivates me to keep up with it  I just got into bullet journalling (also at the same time I decided to read "The Life Changing Magic of Tidying Up"...and the same time I decided to read "Driven to Distraction" and other adult ADHD literature), and I'm still trying to habit build, but I find it's a good tool. Mine is basically the daily log + some random pages of other stuff that comes up (so like I have a page of me sketching my current medicine cabinet called "the well-medicated individual").  Yeah, honestly I think the less aesthetically pleasing ones are probably more effective? For me at least, although I'm now hoping the fact I spent so long making it nice will at least guilt me into using it haha Once I accepted that I don't need to make EVERYTHING look pretty all the time, it was a lot easier for me to keep up with journal and follow through with it.  If you only use Evernote on 2 devices (phone and computer), and you don't need any of the more advanced features, it's still free. Thanks for the subreddit link! 

Yeah I really like making things pretty, but it's time consuming and that's probably the best way to make me want to stop doing something. I'll probably try to simplify my pages from here on out to hopefully keep it going.

I found the fact that the creator has ADHD really interesting actually! I watched How to ADHD's video interview with him, that was a good watch. This sounds like my future... Hmm that's interesting... I can see why it might feel restrictive if you're going by a set formula. Maybe tweaking it to make it a bit less cluttered in a way that suits you would help? I mean I've barely started mine so I have no idea, but it seems like the base concept can be as free or rigid as is best for you if you tweak it right? But I can see it might not be beneficial for everyone. This is super useful! I really like the idea of having an outfit planner in there, my mornings would feel so much easier!

I'm the same with digital lists and apps, they're too easily 'out of sight out of mind' and I forget to look at them and update them... and there's something much more satisfying about being able to write stuff down and cross it off! I was doing that sort of thing anyway so having it all organised in one place is a much better idea. >  I'm so much more motivated to get things done if I physically write them down

So much this! Especially if I write an estimate of the time the task should take, it turns out that what feels like an overwhelming amount of household chores that need doing that day can actually all be over with in one morning - it really helps the whole 'getting started' process.

Setting a certain time in the morning or evening to update and check it is a good habit former too, I should definitely do that, thanks! Yeah I’m on my third. Making it pretty just made me anxious and feel inadequate about my creativity so I said fuck it and made it a book of chicken scratch lists sometimes I just write down stuff quick and then redo it in an aesthetically pleasing way by going through all the quick stuff and reorganizing it as I make the new one.  Hopefully not!!  