I feel like the biggest failure - And the disappointment in myself is almost paralyzing. I should start out by saying I’m not diagnosed with ADHD. At the moment I’m in the process of getting tested, although I am pretty certain I have it. It runs in my family, and I identify with so many of the traits... Either way, my doctor says it’s gonna be a long process from now so it’ll be a while until I know for sure. 

But right now I’m just paralyzed with disappointment in myself.

TL;DR: I’ve fucked up in school, I’ve gained more weight than ever before, I feel like my family and partner are somehow expecting I’ll pull through this magically, and it might be because I’ve tried to hide how poorly I’m doing for too long. Now I have 7 tests coming up, starting tomorrow, and I need to pass all of them if I want to continue studying next year. I’ve put off studying too long, and now I just want to cry and give up. I don’t know what to do. 
How do you guys deal with feeling like this? 


Longer version:
I’ve had troubles getting schoolwork done since forever. It wasn’t a huge problem when I was a kid, like up to maybe 15 years old, because I could pass any test with flying colors without studying, schoolwork just wasn’t very hard and as long as I could draw or play with my phone during class I could learn enough just from listening to my teachers.

After that I started struggling, when they demanded that schoolwork actually needed to be handed in, and I couldn’t do it in class or between classes. I somehow graduated from.. I’m unsure what the term would be in english, I live in Sweden, but... i guess grades 10 to 12, when the kids are.. 15-18 years old? I graduated from that by hyperfocusing in the last term of the last year and finishing about two years worth of missed projects in that one term.

I’m going off on a tangent, either way. I spent about 3.5 years working as a mailman and as a waitress, but both jobs got tiring and frustrating so I decided to change myself through the power of will and go back to school when I was 23. I had big plans of getting into a good university and studying to become a civil engineer, and getting my life together. And I did, for maybe a month, but now the schoolyear is up. I haven’t kept up with my studies, putting it off for way too long, I can barely take care of my own apartment (that I’ll lose if I can’t keep studying next year) or myself anymore.

But my godparents, my mom and my partner have been very supportive, and I’ve spent such a long time lying to them about how I’m doing that I think they might not realize how badly I’ve fucked this up. Falling asleep during lectures, not doing any schoolwork, failing all my tests. Now I have two normal tests and five make-up tests to pass during the coming two weeks and I feel completely hopeless. I keep trying to sit down and study but every time I do I either get distracted or just filled with disappointment  to the point where I can’t get anything done anyway. I’m trying to force myself into hyperfocusing but it just won’t come to me. 

Have any of you ever dealt with these things? How do you handle it, and how do you keep the disappointment from keeping you from doing what you know has to be done? 

 I’m facing this right now actually. I completely understand you. I have avoidance issues that have messed with my schoolwork my entire life. I accidentally missed my shift at work today and I’m shaking at the fact to call them. 

I feel like i’m a constant disappointment to myself and those around me. 

As for advice with school work, I’m not sure if you have tried any kind of medication, but adderall has been helping a lot. It’s still not a solution, but it does wonders and helps me just get out of bed sometimes.

I hate how the education system just does such a disservice to those with ADHD. I would try to find a therapist specialized in ADHD. Also, ADHD is a legitimate disability, and for most schools, if you provide paper work, they can make accommodations for you like having longer deadlines and whatnot.  I’m also in the STEM field and to be honest i’m starting to think maybe it isn’t the field for me. This is completely personal, but i feel like the workload is too much for me. Although it makes a lot of money, it’s even harder to force myself to do work for a field i don’t care about This sounds like my life, especially with school. Oh no, that’s an awful feeling. I guess the best advice I could give is just to try to get the phonecall over with. It’s a much shorter feeling of dread to call than to worry about it, although I completely get how you’re feeling. :( Heres to us for not giving up? 

And yes, I’m trying to get my hands on papers and medication but my doctor says it can take up to two years for me to actually get a diagnosis. I’ll keep at it though, thank you!  That might be the answer. I feel like maybe it’s easier to work with the ADHD rather than fight it, and finding something that can keep ones interest?  This actually helps a lot to know that i’m not in the same boat in a weird way. And yes!! Let’s never give up!!  I kinda learned somewhere that ADHD isn’t something wrong particularly, it’s just a different way of thinking. Basically we have hunter/gatherer brains in an agricultural world. Although it has it’s faults, it does have it’s advantages.

I know my adhd messes with my sleep cycle and i am biologically wired to want to sleep late in the day. High School was hell for me and i was constantly over tired. My first semester in college i learned pretty quickly that morning classes arent for me. I guess that just brings me to the fact that it’s easier to plan your life around ADHD instead or trying to force yourself to do things you can’t  