My ADHD Son and Chores: how do I manage it? I can hardly stand to ask my son to do chores anymore.  It is one of the most stressful thing I have ever had to deal with as a parent. He's not lazy, he doesn't avoid his tasks, he's quite pleasant about being asked to help.  But singular instructions don't work.  "Clean the cat box" turns into, "Where's the scooper?"  "In a bucket in the utility room.  I soaked both of them for you so they'd be clean."  Ten minutes later:  "I can't find it."  "In a PURPLE bucket in the utility room!"  I get so incredibly frustrated.  I work in a sun room that is situated slightly below the house (it's basically a glassed in porch).  One day in the kitchen, I told him to roll up the cord on the vacuum and put it in the hall closet.  I heard him a few minutes later banging it down the stairs and into my office.  It's like EVERYTHING gets misunderstood. 

I've taken him in to an expert;  I know the DSM5 etc., I was diagnosed 20 years ago (I manage mine through rigorous sleep hygiene.) 

I know he's going to need medication to manage.  His dear stepfather--who doesn't care for medication--has begged me to get him on it.  But the expert is going to cost us $1,000 just to get to *try* a prescription.  That's cost prohibitive, so please--don't bring it up. 

I just want to hear from parents if they've had this battle and how they manage to help the kid that cannot--for the life of them--find anything.  Not a parent, but here's some things I've learned over the years somewhat adapted to kid-friendliness.

* Labels in large bright colors for anything relating to his chores/his activities/him. Bonus points for coordinating the type of thing with a specific color or pattern. Like chores before school=green stripes, before bed=orange spots, school related=blue, extra curricular activities=red etc.

* Everything must be in the same place every single time he goes to use it. Meaning he has to put it back there too. Make it fun with interesting snap together pieces, or magnets or velcro (bonus points for putting the scratchy part of the velcro on the thing he has to hold so he's constantly thinking about the velcro) or things with funny animal faces. I will automatically categorize something as lost if it moves from the last place I saw it, or if it does not have a place, or if it can have multiple places or even if it is the same color as the thing next to it.

* Chore/to-do lists with fun check boxes. Visual representation of small, easily accomplishable goals is awesome, it reinforces the good feeling of accomplishing a goal. If you can incorporate a small treat of some kind, even better. Like maybe chores are checked off with MMs and when the list is complete he gets a little handful of MMs to celebrate.

* Routine. Cannot stress this one enough. Every day after X do Y, or every Thursday do Z before bed. Same thing, same time, same day of the week. It's how I remember to empty the Roomba and cut my nails.

* Not sure if totally relevant but music playing in the room where lots of chores must be done will help draw him back to that room if he has to leave for any reason. Not on headphones, it must physically stay in the place where the chores are. A movie he's seen a zillion times could potentially work too depending on how distracted he'd be by the visuals. For me, I can put an old movie on and know exactly what's on the screen so I'm not watching it, but the audio is enough to keep me entertained while I'm doing boring tasks.

On that note, I've found the most effective way to get/keep me working is to distract my hands while my mind works or distract my mind while my body works.

Vitamins and fish oil and various other supplements you can research on your own might have some effect. Nothing wild, just making sure he get's his B vitamins, fish oil, magnesium or whatever. I'll leave that part to you. Also, I don't know how old he is but if it's appropriate/age safe caffeine can be a godsend for certain symptoms. For me caffeine mostly dampens the can't sit still feelings so I can let my brain do its thing.

Anyways, hope at least a little of this helps. Good luck! I was undiagnosed as a kid and in a lot of ways it was a nightmare, for me and for my mom, but she figured out a pretty good way to get me to do chores. Rewards were/are a way better motivator for me than punishments, so she set up a reward system for when I got certain things done, and then she let me do them in my own time. So she'd say, "before you go to bed, the dishwasher needs to be emptied," and left it up to me to decide if I would do it right then or two hours later. Even now, if I try to do something that I'm not in the right mindset for, I'll mess it up and drag it out to take forever, but if I attack it at the right time, I'll get it done. 

I was also horrible at remembering instructions and finding things, and I don't have a solution for that. I can say, try to remember to cut him some slack (it sounds like you already are), because I guarantee you that somewhere in his head he's just as frustrated by it as you are. And be patient with reminding, clarifying, and answering questions. I've been in situations where I was guilt tripped and shamed for forgetting things or asking the same question over and over, and it just made me feel horrible without actually helping the situation at all.

It's great that you're trying to work through it and find ways to help your son. It does get better, but I know how frustrating it is for both of you. He's lucky to have a mom who cares as much as you do!  Buy two or three books and read them from Amazon or go to your local library for it is likely these books are at your library.

https://www.amazon.com/Taking-Charge-ADHD-Third-Authoritative-ebook/dp/B00CKP1XFE?ie=UTF8&btkr=1&ref_=dp-kindle-redirect

https://www.amazon.com/Your-Defiant-Child-Second-Behavior-ebook/dp/B00E3CC29S/ref=pd_sim_351_1?ie=UTF8&dpID=518OMEhfLYL&dpSrc=sims&preST=_OU01_AC_UL160_SR107%2C160_&refRID=XM26FVMXFCRN78KV9QYJ

Also watch these videos which are free
http://adhdlectures.com/lectures.php?catindex=1

The later 2 videos will be more on the non med tactics to try to help improve the living situation while the first videos are more you need to actually wrap your head around the problem and understand the problem to best treat the problem

-----

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

But pretty much write things down, hand him a list, but also tie reward to completeing tasks.

What is chores, they are tasks we need to get done to achieve the greater rewards in life.  All you are doing with tying rewards to chores is better connecting the goal with the tasks you need to perform to get to the light at the end of the tunnel.  Think of it as creating a light house at night to show where the emerald city is, and to show the yellow brick road.  This is because ADHD is kinda like always being in night during the wizard of oz, while non ADHD people have the same problems but they are in the day so they can easily see the emerald city of oz and the yellow brick road.

&nbsp;

Is this making any sense to you? Send him to something like judo or teakwando... or motivate him to learn an instrument... both helped me a lot as a child, you wouldnt believe me... try to construct and "clean" a bit of his freetime (just a bit!) by yourself like: read 5 short books in 5 weeks, if you do that, we have a surprise for you... be hard and lead him with a strong hand.. but not too Hard, he has to be able to understand all (most) of your actions... use a clear reward / punishmentsystem you develeop together with him... like making lists of his behavior and before he goes to sleep you go through the list and if he behaved good in 80% of listpoints je gets a cheap collectable... and for 100% a goodie (my parents got me with Stickers ) good luck! And remember: he is a person like you Habits! Help him form habits.  [deleted] My kid is the same way. Drives me batty! I've gotten pretty good at determining when she's not listening and will make her look at me a pond focus while I talk. I also ask her to repeat it back to me before she goes. Audio isn't enough for her, so I have to give her a visual to go with it.  I was undiagnosed thoughout schooling, the Navy, and my marraige. One of the hardest things to explain (especially to my then wife) was that I really did intend to do chores and tasks. I was very sincere, but there was no way I could prove it. There were other problems in the marriage on both sides, but that is one area where I really wish I had at least understood myself better.

If you can´t get your son on medication yet, I would get him trying different task management systems. If he can work his way through Getting Things Done, that is awesome, but there are other, simpler approaches that can help. Any tool that gets the tasks and details out of your active memory helps.

I also found that certain types of exercise really help. A traditional martial art can be particularly effective. Without Tae Kwon Do, I never would have made it through Law School. (I was still diagnosed.)

But the most important thing, I think, is to let him know that he isn´t a screw up and he actually is trying. And that, with a combination of medication and behavior learning, he will get through this. (His own frustration is certainly making it a lot worse.) This is beautifully presented.  The only thing that wouldn't work is the checks.  He's twelve, and a bit old for the check boxes/MM's.  ;-)  But it would work for a younger kid.  I had a child therapist I respected suggest he have some caffeine, it makes a big difference for me in *sleep quality*, believe it or not.  I sleep twice as well if I have a couple of cups of coffee in the morning and a Diet Coke going on one.  I'm amazed at the difference it has made.

He's going to a clinic soon--top rated, but it's been difficult to commit to cause it involves my family helping pay for it, and I'd rather not.  This list is amazing!

Writing things down is probably the best way to have things not forgotten/misunderstood. If the chores can be planned beforehand, and regular, that's probably the best, too.

And rewards, yum! Makes everyone happy :) Since I am twenty-two years into my diagnosis, yes. 

That's a good analogy, as well.  

I think maybe writing things down before he comes home will help, because--as I said--it's the verbal commands he keeps screwing up. Tonight, he was to do the dishes and opened a running dishwasher (at the end of the cycle) and tried to put them in.  I just took the time to show him how to wash them by hand.  It's so hard to remember that they have to learn to do all these things as well.  Uh, he really really sucked at martial arts.  I took four hours of Shotokan a week (I'm quite serious about it) and as for an instrument, we can't really afford it right now, but I would like to get a piano.  I did enjoy having one myself when I was his age. As for reading and stuff, he's blowing that out of the water.  My trouble--again--is in how he processes commands.  

As for being a person like me, God help him.  I have ADD like a Chinese restaurant has rice--lots of it and every day. 
 Yeah, that's a good suggestion, except you're not really, uh, getting it.

I give him instructions for a particular task and he doesn't process them properly.  I say, "Take the vacuum to the hall closet" and he takes it downstairs.  After two or three of those in an afternoon, you're about ready to break.  

See?  As for habits, he's excellent on those.  ALWAYS brushes his teeth after dinner (his own habit).  Always ready and on-time for school. Always walks the dogs before school.  The routine stuff, he's wonderful.  It's just that disconnect in his brain where he just can't shift things around in his mind to follow. 

Make sense?  Very kind of you to say so;  as I said, I was diagnosed years ago so I know what he's up against.  And yes, mine yelled a lot, too. 

I'm in America;  he has excellent insurance through his father, but the psychiatric deductible is $1,000.  The expert in this case has a nutritionist and several other assessments including counseling.  I left his dad four years ago and it was horrific.  I am now re-married and although his stepfather is an extremely good parent, it's still not the same.  So I was hoping for the whole workup, quite honestly.  

Still.  They don't include a sleep test, which strikes me as pretty damn stupid.  Pond focus?  Tsk, tsk... too bad you didn't find karate first and had to settle. ;-)

 ...although I must say, Katherine Winnick isn't doing to badly for herself.   