Does anyone else see numbers as pictures? I thought it's how everyone sees numbers. But after talking to my friends, I haven't found anyone else that does. My numbers are all connected in a way, for example, 12-19 is in a grass field, but 12 has more wild flowers and 15 is in a puddle. I also see days of the week is a shape similar to "D" and Months of the year are seen in a different manor that is hard to put it into text. So I'm just curious is it an ADHD thing?  No, it's [synesthesia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synesthesia).  While synesthesia and ADHD are not at all the same, synesthetes are much more prone to ADHD and other co-morbid conditions. Fun. :) 

I don't do that to the extent that you do apparently. But things like numbers and mathematical functions often have personalities or emotional connotations in my mind - cooperative, contrary, angry, playful....  Nope! But I'm synesthetic in that I see sounds :) I visualize weeks and months as a sort of giant trivial pursuit board I see most numbers under 10 having their own personalities, and then each set like 21-29, 31-39 etc as having their own colour Actually, I see them the other way, pictures as numbers. Another synesthete with ADHD here, represent!  I have this weird thing where I experience sounds in part as sensations and also as impulses to do specific movements. I learned that ADHD is also often comorbid with Tourette's the other day, too.  I wish there was more research on the intersection o these conditions. Yay! Another one! I dont but I do manipulate them in my mind turning them to look like other letters or numbers noticing the minute differences between the shapes I have also looked for patterns in the negative and positive space in and around paragraphs Not at all for numbers, but the way I process language is right up there. I described to a friend once that a particular combination of sounds was "too acrid and metallic, it feels like tin striking copper!" And about that time I realized that nobody else really thinks in terms like that or sees language as this crazy interwoven tree structure that's independent of any given spoken language.

So basically rock on. Yeah, like the number 4 in my head is sharp and hard-hitting but not as "perfect" as 5. I think it's actually more to do with autism/asperger's. Autism and ADHD are actually somewhat related. When I was a kid I used to pair up the letters of the alphabet, eg B+P, D+T. Each digit represents a different color for me.
 [deleted] Nope, but when I'm trying to remember a pattern I usually remember it by making different sounds in my head.  I will correlate a certain sound to a certain action so I can remember steps. I see words as pictures of the things they mean even words like mean. I guess this is the same thing? I find it amusing that the word "word" is an open dictionary while the word "dictionary" is an closed dictionary. This makes it easy for me to learn difrent languages(same pictures in every language) but extremely difficult to learn the grammar of those.  I don't see places but I do see colors There is, however, a link between them. I'm not sure which direction it goes, but a higher than average % of synesthetes have ADHD, and vice versa. I knew what synesthesia is, my favorite book is actually about it, but I didn't know there was a close correlation with that and ADHD. emotions? that would be fun! What's the angriest number? My least favorite number is 37, it's in a darkened room with flickered lights and a checkered floor and in the middle of the room is a wooden chair.  I experience music in colors; i don't really know how to explain it.  

I play piano by ear very well and when I listen to something I want to play, I just have to repeat the colors in my mind - it's like everything has a color 'signature' that is easy for me to transpose.  I play it as close to the original as only using a piano can allow and then once that signature has made it through my fingers, I add colors to make it my own arrangement.

I've tried several times, even taken classes, just to learn how to read sheet music because I feel like it would maybe create a more ... solid .. starting point or that it would be a 'cheat' for me when i'm impatient or when there are so many layers and convergences that I have a hard time interpreting/experiencing them.

I adore math and it's probably an unhealthy obsession.  I hear math - and I have no further explanation for that one.  It's so pleasing to listen to a long and complex equation to completion.  I love nothing more than hearing complex factoring and quadratic equations - and if something sounds sour, I know that what I've done is wrong and I can fix it by following the music. 

And now I feel like a nutcase.... well, I always did, but now I feel like I just gloatingly shoved "crazy" in my face. Hmmmm... I am curious about this  like family photos as groups of numbers? We're weird aren't we. that's actually really interesting.  Does it affect your reading in any way? That would make learning Spanish a lot more fun!  C+S I haven't heard of that, but that does sound really interesting! I think that my edit and your reply overlapped each other. :-D 29 feels the most angry and unapproachable. 11 is just sullen. But what really cracks me up is that 20 is coquettish. :) I've also always felt that the sine function is contrary and rebellious, while cosine is accommodating. Like yin and yang. 

I've never thought of this as "neurological" - I just enjoy numbers and thought I was entertaining myself. :) Don't spend any time worrying about feeling nutty - I, on the otherhand, am jealous. I love math and have good instincts about it, and I love to play music: how much more fun would my life be if math were musical? colors from sound/music. Quite a common synesthesia.  I'm ADHD and have it as well, mild, but very much there. Unfortunately, yeah, it happens, I see like their birthdays and ages and stuff. I resemble that remark. Only when I find the subject boring I think it more playing with the letters than an unconscious thing It certainly affects mine. Certain groupings of words in paragraphs have a structural and visual key that is pleasing.

But having a sentence in a paragraph begin the same way as a previous paragraph is like someone poking me in the eye.

EDIT: Also relevant: 

http://www.reddit.com/r/masseffect/comments/1cvg1q/til_dr_solus_speech_pattern_is_incredibly_useful/

For some reason this is fantastic and enjoyable for me. But I can spot the points where people aren't using the correct syntax to mimic..
It's like a music or unfolding pattern - the aberrations in the syntax are discordant or really obvious. Spanish is my second language, actually! I had loads of fun learning it. I find it a lot more singsong and rhythmic than English, almost like you're singing instead of talking--which actually makes the accent really easy to pick up, because you can instantly hear if you've messed it up. =P You got it ;)     
EDIT: Dilemma: C+K is one too I get the same feeling with the Sine and Cosine function, I couldn't put it into words, but you explained it well! It is a lot of fun, I'm considering adding a math minor to my physics degree, it's super easy to play with numbers! I notice letters provoking a specific feeling too, so I'm not much into English as a lot of the letters aren't very friendly. haha I sound like a crazy person! It's fantastic, but it does have its draw backs.  When there have been times where I've struggled a bit with a higher level math concept, what it does is cause a horrible, discordant mess in my head. 

I actually suffered a psychotic break from it when I was placed in Advanced Placement Algebra II w/pre calc my second year in high school.  I was struggling with some of the more heavily calculus related concepts and during the final my mind just crumbled from it.  It was the most deeply terrifying experience I've ever had.  

I was writing furiously and I could hear the blood in my ears and I began to feel my chest tighten and then I couldn't breath... just these fast shallow breaths.. and then the sweat was pouring off of me and I couldn't see my paper and I was doing everything I could to keep writing.  And it was so loud in my head. 

I kept telling myself that if I just kept writing it would stop, I would find the path, I would be able to hear it and it would be okay... that I just needed to keep writing until something sounded right.  

And the next thing I know, I'm sitting in a psychiatric hospital and my brain felt feeble and dull and lifeless. And that feeling... of knowing what your mind is capable of and knowing how its always been and not being able to touch, feel, or grasp it.. but *knowing* that it was there... I grieved.  I sobbed and cried and had temper tantrums and I didn't understand what I did to deserve to live this way - that I would have rather been dead than to be left with 'normal/lame' brain. 

I recovered, but I am still deeply embittered when there are times where I can't reach something I knew was there before the breakdown. It's a fleeting thing and I try desperately to grasp it.  Sometimes it's there and sometimes I just can't get it.  

I can't play piano with the same finesse that I felt I had before hand; the colors are sometimes monochromatic and I can't hear/see it right.   That's really nifty! Has to make photography interesting! yeah, I feel like when I read I get more distracted by the negative spaces. I'll look into it more tonight, classes all day today.  There have been plenty of times where I've gotten so.... I guess disgusted.. with a book because of inane repetition.  

The last book I did this with was called "Bouncer" by something something Kipling. It was a bargain hardcover.

There were so many sentences and paragraphs and dialogue that began with "Anyways" that it was all I could see.

I would turn the page and all the 'anyways' would be blindingly bright and stand out and I couldn't get them out of my head.... all of these warblely sounding, bright white nuances of 'anyways' just moved around and I couldn't shake it.  It sounded like a relentless discordance - like an orchestra of novices playing woefully out of tune.

I wanted to stab my eyes out.   I wish learning another language was as fun for me! I speak some spanish, but that is only from being around people who do. I always wished language was as fun as math for me! so many colors and pictures everywhere! Physics and math go together nicely. :) I'm working on an engineering PhD but couldn't help pull the math department into my research.  Well, OK - that's intense.   Until it completely fucks with everything.  It is no fun looking at /r/aww and seeing numbers instead of cats :( Oy, do I envy you... As a computer scientist, I've always wished I was better at math. I've got no issue with concepts or putting together equations, but as soon as you start crunching numbers, I'm out. (Actually, I'm pretty sure I conceptualize math as language, sort-of.) However, the ease with which languages come to me extends to programming languages, which helps a lot. There's a lot more homology between programming languages and spoken ones: thank the gods for "C-style" languages! Oh that would be a rough life, I'm sorry for your pain and suffering! haha I envy you! My computer programming skills are not so good because I can't grasp the programming language because the numbers are all thrown off for me  