studying tips? hi all! i was wondering what you guys do to study effectively? i physically cant make myself sit down and read through a textbook or look over my notes unless its 10 minutes before an exam and its really starting to affect my grades. (i could get away with it in high school but not anymore.) the only way i can study in a timely manner is if i have a study guide that the teacher hands out-and that doesnt happen very often in college. so i just wanted to see what some of you do that works for you? thanks! Unfortunately, you have to read the textbooks or you will fail! When you read the texts, you create your own study guide... If you can't do it while sitting down, try sitting on an exercise ball, or standing up, or riding the stationary bike. Try using pomodoro method and do something physical during the break minutes.

If you do the following, I promise you'll get an "A" on every test without cramming or pulling all-nighters:
1) Read the textbook section before the class it relates to, highlight the most important info, and hand write an outline of each chapter as you go. Leave a lot of space so you can re-group information in a way that makes the most sense to you. Don't forget to look at diagrams and read the captions on pictures. 

2) Pay attention in class. If you took good class notes, immediately after class highlight them, and fill in any missing information. (My class notes were truly horrible, so I made copies of another student's notes. Nowadays, I think most instructors put everything on line though.) 

3) A couple of times a week, review the notes and text you highlighted during the previous two weeks, plus anything printed in bold or italics, the end of chapter summaries, and your outlines. Do this out loud. 

4) As you learn a topic or page of notes, mark it or put it in a separate pile so you don't waste time looking at information you already know.

5) The week before the test, pick out the most important information (and anything that didn't "stick" after the second or third time through), and arrange it in a way that makes it most memorable for you, and hand-write index cards. Review these in short bursts a few times throughout the day, over a few days, aloud if possible. I'd color code the cards to help remember which terms go together.

6) I can't memorize dates at all, and lose track of the order in which things happen, so I'd make a time-line for major developments and people and color coded it, so I could see how things related to one another in the big picture. To get through an exam, I'd only need to remember a few major dates, and then just know about where on the time line things fell in relation to them them. Again, you will retain the information better if you do it by hand. 
For locations (like battles or territories), with which I also have a terrible time, I'd trace the map and color important locations, and draw funny symbols to stand for the different events (make sure you do a key, you might not remember what the symbols stood for when you go back to study for the final). This kind of thing went up on the wall over my bed, so I'd be looking at it when I was procrastinating getting up in the morning.

tl;dr Writing the information out longhand, and saying it aloud, and reviewing it repeatedly over a period of time is the most effective way to retain it. Graphic representations help too.  These are all great tips, but I disagree that "Writing the information out longhand, and saying it aloud, and reviewing it repeatedly over a period of time is the most effective way to retain it." There are much better memory techniques available, like memory palaces, associations, and peg systems. They take a bit of time to master, but they're so much better in the long run than rote learning.  I guess the tl;dr is misleading - it is actually means, for the purposes of recall: writing the information out longhand is better than typing it on a device; saying it out loud is better than just looking at it; and reviewing it fewer times over a long period is better than a lot of times crammed into a short period. The whole post is promoting active learning - the reading, highlighting, outlining, and rearranging the information all require higher-order analysis of the material, not rote memorization. Associations are used in developing the outlines and the index cards (hence the words "arrange in a way that makes it most memorable for you"), and the timelines and maps (which are also a sort of method of loci). 

For the purposes of passing exams, there is information that sometimes just has to be memorized... for instance, specialized vocabulary, and which people are associated with which theories...for the average student in an entry-level class, there is simply too much new information over too broad a range to remember it without repeated exposure, no matter which mnemonic device they use. 

When deciding on a mnemonic device, it serves one well to  consider the purpose of the remembering; in this case, to do well on an exam. Memory palace is very inefficient for reproducing information in most exam settings, and peg systems might be good for laundry list-type information, or digit-recall, or maybe even foreign language vocab lists, but you have to admit they are completely unwieldy for remembering concepts. > When deciding on a mnemonic device, it serves one well to consider the purpose of the remembering; in this case, to do well on an exam. Memory palace is very inefficient for reproducing information in most exam settings, and peg systems might be good for laundry list-type information, or digit-recall, or maybe even foreign language vocab lists, but you have to admit they are completely unwieldy for remembering concepts.

Actually I disagree! This is why I said it takes a bit of time to *master*. Most people can "get" memory palace in an hour or two, and peg systems (depending on which one) in an afternoon or less. I teach all kinds of basic memory tricks to kids and adults, and it rarely takes long to get the basics. However, it takes a bit of extra work to get them to serve you well in larger capacities. But for a person just starting out in college, who is having difficulty with the deluge of information, a few weeks working it/getting your system together is a pretty small investment for the time saved over 4+ years. 

 I've used these techniques plenty, on exams, in grad school, in life, sometimes in teaching--I've used memory palaces on all kinds of exams--I'm not sure why you think it would be "inefficient". 

As for peg systems, I think you're thinking of one particular kind of peg system which is used for "pegging" an ordered list, but there are many different types--I wouldn't even bother teaching a college student to list-peg because unless they're in science, the chances of them needing it are rare. Plus, if they were in sciences, probably better to use a memory house anyway. The kind of peg system that first came to mind was a placing/history peg system--a little easier to use than trying to rote memorize a timeline! The placing peg system uses a location (real, fake, whatever) for every major time period (Generally done by centuries, but when I was tutoring an art history major, we did it by movements/eras--whatever works for you). If you just need to remember approximates, like which century something took place in, all you have to do is mentally "place" whatever you're trying to memorize in the location of the appropriate time period. For example, let's say you have a picture of an old fort by a river and that's your "1400s" place. Now, you need to remember that Joan of Arc lived and died somewhere in the 1400s, so you imagine Joan of Arc swimming in the river around the fort. And there you go. Now, if you needed to be more specific about dates, you can mix in a number peg system too. Sounds complicated without being able to show you, but I teach it to middle schoolers, so it's not that hard--plus I used it through graduate school, so it can certainly stretch to more complicated material. :) 

>. The whole post is promoting active learning - the reading, highlighting, outlining, and rearranging the information all require higher-order analysis of the material, not rote memorization. Associations are used in developing the outlines and the index cards (hence the words "arrange in a way that makes it most memorable for you"), and the timelines and maps (which are also a sort of method of loci).

The only part of this that is promoting "active learning" is outlining and rearranging the information. Certainly reading and highlighting *can* and *should* be active, but the fact of the matter is, most students that don't know how to study, don't what it means to read actively. They don't know how to highlight "what's important" because everything seems important. I'm not saying you're wrong, but if a student has to be told to read the text and highlight, then chances are they're not at the level where they're doing that actively, which is usually part of the problem. 

Associations aren't used in developing the outlines and index cards. Associating is a specific memory technique used to quickly learn and memorize two parts of an idea. Like, for example, a vocabulary word and its definition, a state (or country) and its capital, a monarch and their country, even a politician and their signature legislation. 

Maps and timelines are forms of mind mapping, not method of loci. Not to say that mind-mapping isn't a memory technique, but mind-maps are much better for the understanding/visualizing part of studying. For memorization, they're a lot harder to use, and I definitely wouldn't recommend trying to memorize it verbatim. That's what other memory techniques are for

 >For the purposes of passing exams, there is information that sometimes just has to be memorized... for instance, specialized vocabulary, and which people are associated with which theories...for the average student in an entry-level class, there is simply too much new information over too broad a range to remember it without repeated exposure, no matter which mnemonic device they use.

So when you say "Just has to be memorized" what you mean is rote memorization. My point is that, at least in academia, there's very little that needs to be rote memorized; you just have to have a good grasp of a few memory tricks--that doesn't mean you won't have to review; the point is that you don't have to spend as much time memorizing, you'll remember for longer, and you're more likely to recall under pressure. ADHD-specific, if you suffer from the occasional dementia-like blankness on even things you know well, using these memory tricks will let you follow a chain of linked ideas to get you to whatever you're trying to remember (during the exam, instead of two hours after).     ok, I'm sorry, there is no way I can read that all. From skimming, it seems I am misunderstood; for instance, the whole point of the timeline is that you don't have to memorize but two or three landmarks out of dozens of pieces of information, and associations just means learning clusters of people or ideas that relate to one another. Perhaps the problem is with my verbiage...I am using conversational terms to explain the method that got me on the Dean's List, unmedicated, while taking 6 courses at a time, and a score well into the 99th percentile on the Psych GRE, over a year after graduating, and with just a couple of weeks prep time. It seems you are an expert in the field, so perhaps you are using specialized vocabulary? 

My experience in academia, even at the graduate level, is that there is a lot of basic information that needs to be learned in order to form a base to understand the theory that follows...calling the method for remembering it something different, doesn't change the fact that it has to be stored in long-term memory! Memory tricks might not be helpful when one needs to repeatedly reorganize the information in new ways later in the course work.

Also, I think if you have a better way, your energy would be better spent actually explaining it to the OP, instead of just telling me I am wrong. I didn't misunderstand you,  but I find it interesting that you "couldn't read my comment", yet decided to reply to it. 

Words have meanings. Using the correct words makes it possible to communicate effectively. 

In this case, using the proper terms allow OP (and yourself) to research further, if you care to. 

Memory tricks don't impede one from reorganizing mental information. 

OP can read my reply if they would like to. 

Plenty of people have already made great websites and YouTube videos about the things I've mentioned.

I hope that was short enough for you, 99th percentile. ;) Yes, thanks for the easier format; it's late and this is my brain's "let's get up and do physical stuff" phase of the day.  I agree about effective communication - normally I agonize over the best wording and correct grammar. I guess I am slipping and I didn't recognize that you were using terms in an unexpected and unfamiliar way.  

If the OP had the time or inclination to do basic research, they wouldn't be posting here (if they had even searched this sub, the question had been asked and answered a number of times recently). I try to remember some people here are so distracted they don't even read the comments on their own posts! 