I got a habit tracker because I'm a POS who needs help doing simple tasks Because apparently reminders aren't enough so I need a habit tracker to mark off mundane garbage like "clean bird cage", "walk dog", "get up early", "don't die", etc, etc...


Edit: thanks for all the support, guys. I'm in a bit of a bad place and people kept making me feel dumb for not remembering things or following through on stuff. It's really hard to keep track of everything and I hope this app helps. Now, if I can just train myself not to ignore it :P that doesn’t make you a piece of shit! not everything comes naturally to everyone. i probably wouldn’t remember to shower regularly if i wasn’t gamifying it via habitica Dude. AS IF needing ability tools makes people less worthy. Do you talk to your neighbor in the wheelchair that way? OF COURSE YOU DON'T.


Anyway, I have to chant to myself "hair, body, face" or I'll forget what to do in the shower. So, like, chill. We're all in the same boat here. "Don't die?" You must be having an especially bad day, worlds_okayest_human. Your name's way healthier than your post. It took me a long time to learn that I should be as kind to me as I would be to a good friend. C'mon. Be the friend you need.

And keep in mind that today's world is more demanding than the world of 20 years ago. Connectivity has us all running like that proverbial headless chicken, trying to keep up with all the stuff we think we need to do while simultaneously using up hours with electronic devices. So you need reminders? You went and got a habit tracker. That's smart, dude. A lot of people need trackers but don't think to help themselves. I think you should give yourself some praise for finding a helpful strategy instead of giving up. 

 I know the feeling, but many of us here need the same help, we aren't shit and neither are you! Add another reminder that says "be nice to yourself." Life is hard enough without berating yourself on the inside. I know how frustrating it is. Please don't be too hard on yourself! **Take care** One thing I see on here so much that makes me so sad is the negative self talk. I do it to myself all the time, but when I see others do it it reminds me that we all need to be so much nicer to ourselves! You aren’t a POS, none of us are - ok well maybe some of us are terrible, but probably not :)

[Self Compassion](https://self-compassion.org) is a really great book that helped me tremendously. I highly recommend it. One of the few (of the so many I’ve started) self help books I actually finished. 

Also so many people use habit trackers! For all sorts of easy tasks! They’re great for everyone! It feels so good to check those boxes off. I do the same thing - did I brush my teeth before bed? Fuck yeah I did and now I get to color in my little habit tracker box. Maybe one day I won’t need to color a box in, but right now I do and that’s ok! Life’s hard, celebrate whatever makes it easier. And look at you developing solutions to shit. That takes self awareness and a desire to try a new approach - those are pretty great things for a human!  The second thing on my morning list is drink water. The first thing is look at this list. So yeah all good buddy.  That sounds like it would be a useful thing! 
Oh! And I make all sorts of lists. And they include shit like:
Eat lunch
Shower
Feed dog (like she’s gonna let me forget)
Monday comes around and my kid says “mom, did you remember to...?”
Well, shit... Uhm, adjusting to your weaknesses and working around them actually makes you the opposite of a piece of shit. It's effective, efficient, smart, good thinking. Just because you need to do this doesn't make you inherently bad. You just have a slightly different user manual. Like a PS4 controller vs an XBox controller. Button placement and such are different. The problem is not the controller, it's how you use it. Cliché and over simplified I know. But a Playstation controller works like a dream if you don't insist it should work like the XBox controller and use it for the right purposes.

It feels like shit, not being able to do things like everyone else without having to jump through hoops. But being able to actually jump and put in so much effort to adjust shows a lot of character. When you find the right tools, you'll be golden. You already know what hard work is. That actually makes me feel so much better because I too have a shower reminder! I've just been feeling down because I can't seem to accomplish ANYTHING and I want so badly to have an "on track life" where I work out and eat properly and shower like a human being should. Oops I basically posted the same thing below but yes I’m trying hard to treat myself the same way I would treat a good friend. We all should!  