ADHDu' Jour Fashion Definition per google of du jour...
-Informal
used to describe something that is enjoying great but probably short lived popularity or publicity. ex-"Attention Deficit Disorder is the disease du jour."                         
                                
                                       ?

I ran across this stunning information that I am enjoying myself, but it will be very short lived while searching for a special word! It is a word that I want to use when it comes to ADHD trends or fashion posts! But then I realized, du jour is perfect because my taste is always changing and as I become older and more okay with my true self, my closet has taken on a whole new dimension of colors and patterns that makes most people cringe! Has anyone else's wardrobe evolved from dull and boring to bright and daring as they became more aware of themselves and a late diagnosis? If so, how do your family, friends and the general public handle it?

me... from-mom jeans/striped extra-baggy button shirt and old tennis shoes, now-red jeggings/ black fitted drapey  blouse/ knee high boots and tons of bracelets and necklaces. all found at thrift stores!
 I've read this twice and I'm still not sure what you're trying to say.

"Attention Deficit Disorder is the disease du jour." suggests ADHD is a fad, ergo not a real disorder.  You should give Google feedback on that definition. It's misinformed and harmful. You can do this by clicking on the little "feedback" link at the bottom of the definition. 

I feel you though, I'm always off on my latest adventure/ hobby. But the fads we're interested in have nothing to do with our disorder being a fad.  Kind of? I tried doing bright colors, but I ended up feeling like they were too 'loud', so now I pretty much stick to black, grey, and purple. I did branch out with style a little, though.  Right! Which is why I am confused with Google's definition! Look and see, it makes no sense! These are the things that make me go hmmm? Does Google define it like that because most people don't think it is real? Agreed, and  I will for sure do the feedback on the definition. Why did you try? Because they were things you truly liked, or just to change it up a bit? I too like black and Grey, but haven't really tried purple.  Both, kind of? I mean, I liked the style of the clothes, and I liked the color as a color, so I figured I might as well try wearing the color. 
But it turned out I did not like wearing the color, so I guess in that sense I was just trying it to change things up. 