Afternoon distractions turn into random useless knowledge? Sometimes people are impressed with my wealth of extraneous knowledge. I just seem to know a lot about random stuff... it occurred to me that this might be in part attributable to my ADD.

While prepping for a meeting I have this afternoon I jumped on Geekwire so I could cite an article that is relevant to the meeting while on Geekwire I found an article about a Western Rat Snake that was setting off a woman's nest doorbell cam (probably just wanted to borrow some sugar) remembering my experience with what I assumed was a Rat Snake climbing the exterior wall of a hotel I once stayed at I got to thinking about if Rat Snakes are indigenous to where I currently live and it turns out they are In fact there are 12 specific species of snakes that can be found in my area -- two of which are venomous the extremely rare timber rattler, and the copperhead are members of this pit viper family, but aren't considered generally aggressive Cottenmouths commonly called Water Moccasins are far more aggressive and often confused with copperheads they can be distinguished from copperheads by their greater size and darker color

Snakes are able to climb using keel scales which have a raised ridge at the center of each scale to grip rough surfaces snakes usually have either keel scales or smooth scales -- some have keel on the bottom and smooth on top keel scales tend not to look glossy

My snake research was abruptly interrupted by a meeting reminder...which made me think my new knowledge about snakes although fascinating is pretty useless in a meeting about emerging technology in retail.... and now I'm here posting on Reddit to see if this sounds familiar to anyone.... I should probably close all these tabs in my browser and get back to my meeting prep.

....and now I'm wondering if baby snakes are as cute as baby alligators. I currently have tabs open for burying beetles. (Which are amazing and fascinating beetles and highly worth any side tracking throughout your day.) I also have tabs open for walnut taco meat (which I will probably never make), awesome looking clothing (that I will probably never buy), reddit, and how to bullet journal. I also currently have a notebook in front of me with doodles and and incomplete goal list (meaning I have only written "what is actually important?") Clearly the answer is burying beetles and coffee which I need another cup of.  This is me!! I know lots of random facts, usually not about animals though. I fall down the rabbit hole on construction related things and politics/government, statistics, and soft science.

I feel like most of the time people think I am bullshitting them. It makes me a better mom though! It probably is. 

I Google the shit out of every thing and as a kid read multiple books at once.

Also we tend to hyper focus on useless things. Yep.

Lately when I can't concentrate on work, not only slack off but also stave off the boredom by reading random psychiatry/neurology studies on PubMed. I wonder how many ADHD researchers would be able to comprehend that. I can't concentrate on work, but I can read science papers. (Mostly I just read the abstracts, but often I'll read the whole thing if it's available and the topic seems interesting.) It has links on the side of each page which encourage a sort of "Wikipedia effect" of opening a bazillion tabs. I figure PubMed is good for slacking off at work because the website looks very unfun and people would probably think it's work-related if they saw me looking t it.

Recently I've been interesting in doing a project which would require some knowledge of primitive technology (how leather is traditionally made, stuff like that). Every time I try to do any research, I end up on some tangent. Like, I think looking up leather-making techniques led to me learning about things like Native American history, transgenerational trauma, professional qualifications of social workers, the Irish Potato Famine, ancient Irish social hierarchy/government style, Celtic mythology, blackwater rivers, etc. work for me slows down in the afternoons, generally. Instead of doing anything that even resembles and efficient use of that time, I go down these holes too. in the past 3 months, I've become (theoretically) pretty versed in the edible vegetation in my region, picked of several primitive camping/backpacking tips and tricks, researched and prepared most of the materials for a 3d printed that will likely never get built, designed various specific use trinkets in Fusion 360 to print on my current 3d printer, learned about running TensorFlow (AI platform) within Docker, etc. 

Re:baby snakes - Depends who you ask, but if you find baby alligators cute, then the answer to that question is "probably" 