Why am I calmer and why do I study better in the evening? Medication or no medication, I've noticed that I am calmer, have a clearer and more focused mind and work better generally past 5PM.  Any time before that, I am lethargic, unmotivated and foggy brained.  Does anyone else have experience with this?   I and other add people I know have also experienced that to one degree or another.

I have no data but my best guess is that there are far fewer noises and other distractions at night. For me it's late night once everyone else goes to bed. This may apply to you as well; for me it is the isolation, other people have settled down and the constant drone of cars has dissipated and my windows become little more than reflective black screens. My shoddy filters for external stimuli no longer concern me as my whole world dwindles down to a single illuminated room of my choosing.

During the day there's so much noise I often find myself getting irritated or distracted by all the activity, never really reaching a point where I am happy to work and even if I do I tend to be, as you put it, foggy brained.

More to the point, your after 5 serenity may simply be because the area around you has itself become serene. What's your sleep cycle and eating cycle like? That is because of 2 factors:

- Working at night has less distractions *generally speaking course*

- Illumination

At night, there are less things going on around you basically, which gives you the added benefit of focusing on the things more important to you during that time period. There are also less noises, especially if you live in the suburbs because less activity is going on around you outside. 

But more importantly it is the illumination of light that is also impacting your mood, creativity, and motivation, and it is not surprising a lot of people aren't aware of this. There is a brilliant article which goes into detail where researches discovered that [critical thinking and creativity was boosted](http://www.fastcodesign.com/3020888/evidence/why-creativity-thrives-in-the-dark) where the lighting was more lower. Ask yourself this question, "what kind of lights am I using when I study at night?" More than likely you're probably using a night light or something with a low dim lit nature. But also the color of the light also plays an important role. It is why I use candles when I'm doing my design work because the low dim but warm light in a dark room is killing two birds with one stone for me. A darker room removes the distractions of my surroundings and narrows my focus and problem solving skills on the task at hand, but also gives me the intrinsic motivation because of the feeling of the warm candle light. Hell, I even like working during the sunset because the sun rays cascades around my environment with it's beautiful orange colors.

It is pretty common knowledge for architects and interior designers that lighting plays in important factor in the design process. Light creates the space and the mood of the environment. One example of this is the The Metropolitan Museum in NYC; each one of the period rooms have a distinct set of lighting to instigate the feeling for the viewer. The same is said when you're trying to impress your SO with a candle light dinner. Did you ever wonder why candles are the preferred lighting method? Well there's your answer.

Some of the greatest discoveries of science, math, and art came from individuals who were toiling away in the middle of the night with nothing more than a simple candle to illuminate their vision. I highly encourage everyone here to experiment this by yourselves. Whether you're doing chores around the house, studying for a test, or simply trying to get laid, try doing it with bright white lights brighten the entire room, then do it again with dimmer lights, preferably with warmer colors or with a candle, and see how you feel afterwards. The results might surprise you...


 You might want to try taken your pills in the afternoon.  I usually feel like a zombie until noon and I don't really feel like a fully-functional human person until after 5. It's like, everything just gets easier and I don't feel foggy and slow anymore. Then I really hit my stride around 8 and it's hard to go to bed. 

 If have this too and I think it is also has to do with your brain not being able to proces all these distractions as intensely like during the day. If an analogy to a muscle is valid, then after a day of using it constantly it will be too weak to do so.

This would also explain why my mornings are so horrible / have issues getting out bed: because I'm more strongly and more often distracted. I generally am in bed by 12AM and wake up at 7AM.  As for diet, I typically eat several times through out the day, and not necessarily at the same time every day.   I'm exactly the same. It's 3:30 Am now.  Hm.  Your sleep and food seem to be good.  What medication are you on, and do you take it regularly? Strattera 2x 40mg.  These issues have presented themselves on Strattera, off of it, on Adderall 15XR and off of it.   