23andme and GeneSight. Any thoughts? I want to do 23andme, and also Genesight(which has to go through a doctor). Anyone use either of these? And what is your experience? Thanks!  It's fun, but I would be very cautious about putting any weight on it in terms of medical decisions. 

I got mine done 2 years ago. I also work in a laboratory that specializes in Genetics of psychiatric disorders. 

I think if you have a geneticist, or ADHD specialist clinic, it might help in finding what drugs you are likely to be hyper or hypo sensitive to. 

It will also screen for a number of dominant genetic disorders, and tell you a few fun things about your genetic predicted hair color, blood type, eye color, ancestry etc. 

I would also consider the implications of turning my DNA over to a private company. While I have no problem doing it, you should think about what would happen if your information gets leaked. 

Overall, I think its fun, mostly because I work in genetics. 
That being said, these technologies are not really that useful, and n top of that just show you a few million common locations of mutations in people. In a few years you can probably get your entire DNA sequenced for the same price, and that would in the long run actually be useful.  I would love to know to! My dad (isn't in the picture) doesn't know what he is and neither does his family. I don't have personal experience, but...

Psych provider at work likes Genesight since it can save a lot of guesswork/trial-and-error when prescribing.

I work in a secure residential treatment facility and sometimes half of a patient's stay can just be adjusting meds. I've seen anticipated 6 month stays reduced to 3 months because the patient opted for Genesight and the provider could now start them out with meds she knew would work for them.  i've thought about doing this on and off.. 23 and me I mean. I think it'd be really interesting if anything. If you do go through with it please keep us updated :) I used GeneSight! Interesting information, and its all color coded, so its easy to understand (also is like 30 pages). My doc was pretty hype about it though and decided to take me off my Zoloft because there were some other meds that would "work better." tapering down from 150mg was not a good time and it got dark quick. This was during finals! I never started the next medication- Viibryd- and that doc retired like 2 months later. I was able to pass on the GeneSight info to my current doc and he's been pretty good at figuring out what will work better for me. I'd say its not necessary at all, but it was helpful for my new doc to put me on something that will work. I dropped the vyvance since it made me a killjoybitch and have started up concerta!

Mental health > "efficient" meds I would be very hesitant to use a commercial gene-mapping service for the simple reason that, once they have analyzed your DNA, they own it. They can (and do) apply for and receive patents on your genes, which may then be used for any purpose the company wants. Generally this takes the form of medical/genetic research and the very real potential that we will be able to create actual genetic therapies and applications. If you have any interest in this area, and how it can negatively impact you and your relations, look into the case of Henrietta Lacks. Thank you for the info! As for a geneticits or ADHD specialist clinic, are those type of specialists available for treatment/appointments? I am going to see a new psychiatrist next week, cuz mine dropped me out of the blue after only a month and a half, and they are very hard to find these days. Are they different than psychiatrists?   > I would also consider the implications of turning my DNA over to a private company. While I have no problem doing it, you should think about what would happen if your information gets leaked. 

I would like to add that Google Inc heavily invested into 23andme early on and that it was co-founded and is led by Anne Wojcicki, wife of Google co-founder Sergey Brin. I'm German and we've got a much harder stance on privacy (no judgement here) so I'm really sceptic about giving away critical data, especially if it's related to health. Yeah they give you so much info. I think im gonna do it.  Hmm, I think you make a good point about patents and ethic violations as in the case of Henrietta Lacks. 

But at the same time, 23andMe does a very routine type of test, that only looks at letters that have already been studied in the past by scientists. So they don't really read your whole DNA, they only look at a few million points to get a "fingerprint" of your DNA, from previously studied DNA. 

They could maybe patent that fingerprint, but I don't think it would be very useful to them, plus it would cause a lot of outrage I reckon. 

 Honestly, if you want Genetic counseling for ADHD you probably have to go to Boston, MA, or London in the UK and get seen by a university clinic that has heavy ties in cutting edge research. 

The field is really only just developing, and I don't think it's worth using in clinical practice with the exception of maybe a few extreme cases. 
 I know some people who work at google who want to get access to health records for research purposes, and 23andme is absolutely doing internal research, which you can opt out of. 

My impression is they are not intending to do anything nefarious, and I think it could greatly complement existing research. 

But I understand the skepticism.  Of course, if you do go ahead and do it please do come back and say how it went because I've thought about it and would love to do it. Meh. Yeah not worth it. haha.  =D okay I will keep you updated. If I do it, it takes like 6 weeks too so it'll be a while.  Worth the wait I hope. :D  