ADHD ladies, what’s your hairstyle like? I don’t have the mental capacity to do much of anything with my hair. It’s  mostly straight, fine strands but thick density (aka a lot of fine hair). It’s long, like upper/mid chest length.

Thankfully I like my texture and I’ve worked out a good wash and go style so I don’t usually need to do much styling. I ask my stylist for a blunt cut on the bottom (it’s been trendy) with some layers for movement. Last time she also did something to make it less heavy. And then she does face framing layers.

I’m getting bored and dying it fun colors isn’t an option at my job. I do make it strawberry blonde in autumn/winter with OverTone conditioners and let it fade back to dirty blonde in spring/summer.

What do you do with your hair and what type/length is it? If you have to style it, how do you manage with ADHD? How does anyone manage to live their life with bangs??? I also have lots of fine hair. It's wavy but flat at the roots. I always get lots of layers in my hair so it doesn't look bulky. I had bangs for a while and that was the worst idea. My waves made my bangs look weird if I didn't straighten them every day. 

I used to have almost mid-back length hair.  It was really distracting because it was always getting tangled and falling in my food and just getting in the way. I also couldn't wear it up because it was way too heavy. I finally cut it to about chin length and that was the best decision I ever made. I suddenly wasn't thinking about my hair all the time. It also looks really cute with headbands now, so I can get it completely out of the way without sacrificing style. 

I'm trying to embrace my waves, so I have been working on wash and go routines. I have several creams and gels that I rotate through on wash days. I have yet to figure out how to get light, bouncy waves but also no frizz.   I got a messy hairtype. Think a mix of Hermione and hagrid from the harry potter movies.

If I was to keep it looking nice I gotta spend ages on it. I don't. 
The sound of brushing my hair
The dragging feeling 
My arm 
All hair just... falling out
I manage it fine with fingers, but that takes forever. Haven't found a brush or comb yet that doesn't make me feel unwell.

So I mainly rock a mombun.  I have straight, fine thick hair. I usually get it cut at collarbone length with some layers for movement and my stylist will thin it out a bit so I can wear it down without getting neck cramps when it inevitably falls over one shoulder as I study. I dye it red because the color looks really good on me and makes me feel super confident. 

&#x200B;

If I need to style it, I'll usually pull the top layer into a pony tail, and then flip it through itself so it looks kinda like this:

[https://i.pinimg.com/originals/74/f3/ef/74f3efca8330f4b7580bc30a629a60ce.jpg](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/74/f3/ef/74f3efca8330f4b7580bc30a629a60ce.jpg)

With my thick hair, it looks really full and put together for less than 5 minutes of effort. I have somewhat thicker hair.

I don't have the attention or discipline to do anything with my hair, so I never really do anything beyond a basic cut. Most of the time, I just pull it back.

I'm really overdue for another cut, but luckily (not really), I will hyperfocus on cutting my split ends (a la this comic: https://imgur.com/a/YicPf), which prevents future tangles. I have straight thin and fine hair... and bangs. I have a weird very high forehead so I look strange without some sort of fringe. 

I mostly just wear my hair long ish with some layers for volume, and hyper focus on my bangs. I have definitely cut them too short, but also mostly they end up better than when I go to the stylist. 

Some days I wear hats too when my bangs are greasy and dry shampoo just won't save them. One thing Canada is good for. Toques when you don't want to do your hair but need to go out quickly lol  I have the exact type of hair. Straight, fine, and just a lot of it. I do a Bob and let it grow like a neanderthal, it was really bad when I had highlights. I go for a wash and wear routine. This only prob is now that it's 20 degrees in Chicago, sometimes my hair freezes on the ride to work. I am about ready to walk in snow to get my hair in a pixie cut again cause ARGH.  A mop. I need to get it dyed again so right now it looks like shit and I wear it up most of the time  I have shoulder-length super curly (natural) hair. I love my hair, but half the time it looks like a rats nest because I don’t have the motivation and energy to get up, wash it, and blow dry it. Right now it looks terrible. I have a Christmas party to go to tmrw, so I’ll wash it then. I don’t work so it’s easy to just let it go because I rarely go anywhere during the week.  It's at an awkward length right now, I usually keep it quite short but I let it grow out since I've been too busy to cut it. I usually just keep it up now.  It sounds like you probably have some curl in your hair. I highly recommend checking out r/curlyhair. There are lots of stories of people who didn't know they had curly hair and just thought it was messy and unmanageable but their hair was transformed after following tips from that subreddit.

If you don't have time to do a bunch of research right now, then I'll give you a tip for right now: don't brush your hair. Sounds crazy, but brushing is the enemy of curly hair. You'll only damage it and make it worse. When you need to detangle, run your fingers or a shower comb through your hair in the shower when you have conditioner in your hair. Use a bunch of extra conditioner if you need to. After you get all the tangles out, finish your shower as normal and don't touch your hair again except to gently squeeze water out of your hair with a towel or t-shirt (t shirts help with frizz). Touch your hair as little as possible until your next shower.  The hair falling out really bothers me too. 

IT’S

EVERYWHERE

my fiancé finds them wrapped around his fucking balls Yeah I do, though I usually call it curvy/having Fall in it.

And you described my routine completely these days xd


Will check out the forum though - thanks  