Money problems Is anyone else really bad with money ?

I live in manchester uk.

I cant keep track of my finances at all, its gotten so bad I took at 2 credit cards and a loan for literally no reason.

My girlfriend has found out and gone mental.

The money is gone  and I have nothing to show for it. 

Does anyone have anything that could help me keep track of my money or any money advice, if this an adhd thing or am I just an asshole  Yeah I have that as well, and I don't think I'm an asshole, so I'm sure you're not either.  

Do get a fix on it though, because not fixing your shit IS asshole-behaviour.

The simplest solution I have is using multiple bank accounts / pin cards / piggybanks.  I have at least 4:
1. Main one; salary in, automatic withdrawals for rent / mortgage and everything else out.  Make these calculations once, so that you never have to think of it.  
2. Groceries.  One of the automatic withdrawals goes WEEKLY to a small Grocery account.  This has to be weekly (or shorter even if you'd like), because otherwise I found it too hard to keep track of.  
3. Personal.  Another weekly small 'fuckitspenditonwhatevermoney-account'.  
4. Savings.  Make it a habit to set something on here.  Even if it is only $1 per month.  More = better.  

Then maybe later you'd get yourself a simple budgeting system, like YNAB or something similar.  I found that to be helpful at times, but only if the system was small enough that I would actually do it.  If I have to write down every expense I'd go nuts and just drop the system altogether.  I used it for a couple of years on my FuckIt account, quite successfully.   Have the same problem although I tend to avoid debt. When I have money I go crazy buy things I don't need and my whole pay is gone with nothing to show, when I don't have money it's rather chill.

Worked out I couldn't be trusted with my money and didn't want issues so I transfer some to my account every month and put the rest in a joint accounty wife looks after to pay all the important things.

Sounds kinda like a kid when I type it but it's better than using money on stupid things and not being able to pay important things or save.

I think if you don't work on things or try and find a way to get better, just blaming ADHD then it's not cool at all, but if your trying and making some effort and working with your partner then it's not the worst thing As someone who works in finance. My advice is to make a budget and stick to it. It’s easy to make impulse purchases, so really ask yourself if you are buying something because you “want it” vs “need it”. I would advise you to pay down the balances on the credit cards you have to avoid high interest payments and work on paying that loan off.  I have to keep a spreadsheet that has our entire bank account broken down into columns, and each column is labeled for what it's for: mortgage, grocery, gas, etc. As soon as our checks get deposited, each column gets its designated amount.

This only works if I balance it every day, even when I know there have been no transactions since the previous day. And I have to pay off all of the credit cards every few days. If I do this, then I won't overspend on stupid crap because I know we only have $23.92 left in miscellaneous.

I may have also had to color code the entire spreadsheet to make it look more fun. Otherwise I couldn't bear looking at it. Yes it's an impulsivity thing. There are various tools to help you but they're area dependant so without knowing where you are no one can recommend anything Wow, this is the exact system that got me out of the red. Got a lot of help from my wife though. But now I have a card for groceries and a card for me. Rent and stuff is managed online. 

One strategy that also helped a lot dealing with my impulsivity is letting the rush of endorphins subside. What I mean is, the moment I find something I wanna buy my impulsivity gets the better of me. Now I bookmark it and wait a day or more. There's neuro chemical reasoning behind this. The initial rush of buying is blinding. And when you return to the object of interest later on often it seems a lot less attractive. Sometimes it's even more attractive, though, but then it's more like that it's something I actually need.  i think i  need to do this, and i dont use it as a scapecoat im just aware of my issue and get so impulsive, i was able to stay on top of my finaces for about 6 - 7 months but ive slipped and done this in the same month.

I need to be better as the strain it puts on our relationship and she is my rock i cant disappoint her anymore. I know ive really dug my own grave, and i only have myself to blame.

But its time i take action and try and get a hold of my finances  This sounds great, is there any pre exsisting templates i could use that have the equastions worked out ?

I suck at excell  Oh yes sorry ofc im in the northwest uk.  > One strategy that also helped a lot dealing with my impulsivity is letting the rush of endorphins subside. What I mean is, the moment I find something I wanna buy my impulsivity gets the better of me. Now I bookmark it and wait a day or more. There's neuro chemical reasoning behind this. The initial rush of buying is blinding. And when you return to the object of interest later on often it seems a lot less attractive. Sometimes it's even more attractive, though, but then it's more like that it's something I actually need.  

This seems really useful! I will try this as well! Do you set a reminder to get back to it later?  Yea thats what I was meaning wasnt trying to say that you were blaming or anything, sorry if it came off like that.

Work on things and talk with her, and work out a solution that works, mines been great for me, and I can still impluse spend and enjoy things as usual just not to the point it will cause issues A big step is admitting that you need to handle your finances differently. I wish you luck in turning your financial situation around! Message me if you ever have any finance questions and I’ll do my best to answer them! I can email you my template if you want. I'm brand new to reddit, though. I don't know how to pm anyone or anything yet. Is there a way to exchange emails privately?

I'm really not making up color coding the entire thing, so sorry about that. ;) https://www.moneydashboard.com/ No. I feel that would work against the purpose. If it really is something I need I will remember it. If I forget I just won't have spend those money. Sometimes I browse through my Consumer bookmarks and laugh at what I wanted to do with my money a year ago. The weirdest stuff, sometimes. haha not at all , i just wanted to get across that i wasn't blaming ADHD, DAMM YOU INTERNET NO TEXT WITH TONE PRESENCE,

I have spoken to her and cleared it all up, hopefully moving forward i can stop the impulses and just be like do i really fucking need this Yes, i think so i too am the same new to reddit and was really overwhelmed some people have the same issues or  qualities  as i  Yes, i think so i too am the same new to reddit and was really overwhelmed some people have the same issues or  qualities  as i  Good point!

This begs for an example though :P  Great man communication helps and having a good partner is damn important dunno what I'd do without mine some days I agree - I've found it amazing and really encouraging that what I've been going through isn't unique. I had no idea that some of the things I really struggle with were even related to adhd...and knowing that is great because it gives me a starting point to begin addressing it. There's a whole bunch of watch or fountain pen related stuff. Superfood powders, mushroom spore laced coffee (non psychedelic) and what appears to be colored reading screens to lay on top of and colorize white pages. I think I was of the idea that my difficulties concentrating while reading could be bypassed by making the pages less sharp on the eyes. Also various used kettlebells.  