How is this supposed to work? [Link in question.
](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/149h5w/how_do_you_fellow_adhders_fall_asleep_ive_tried/c7b9giw)

Seems like good advice that you hear mostly everywhere. Except that you know... What the heck are you supposed to do? I suppose i could read books or something but not every day for 2-3 hours, and to do it every day!? How the heck. 

Mostly curious. How do normal people manage this?

 2 or 3 hours away from screens is what he is saying.

The light stimulating the brain = blue spectrum light. Our brains have adapted over the millenia to distinguish between traditional artificial light sources (FIRE!) And daylight more or less, and it uses blue light input through the optic nerve to set our circadian rhythm.   Getting a good dose of sunlight in the morning will help set your wakefulness schedule,  and avoiding it after sundown will help with the sleep side.  This is the purpose of light therapy, using a high power ''light box'' in the morning for 30 minutes to punch your brain with this stimuli to induce wakefulness and correct your internal rhythms.  

The good news is that there are scientifically proven tools and methods to alleviate this issue with screens, although the post in question is probably the most effective method available.

Install f.lux on your PC, and there is an app called twilight for android (apple probably?  There is an equivalent I'd guarantee.)  These programs modify the color profile of your screen/apply a red filter, moving the ''color temperature'' of the screen lower into the red zone, dimming the blue pixels, or even turning them off entirely if you set twilight very aggressively.  Dim your display as well, as much as possible.  It feels weird at first, as things look a bit different with the shifted color spectrum, but honestly I don't even notice after a while as your brain kind of just corrects out the shifted color to see more what it expects.  I used this to great effect to help me sleep before I was even diagnosed, once I even fell asleep at my desk, something I had literally never done before in my entire life.   I get tired while gaming while using it, and need significantly less time to calm my mind and focus on stillness when I do lay down to sleep.

White noise is also tremendously useful.

Normal people just have less of a barrier to sleep generally, so if they sabotage their cycle with light inputs they are no worse than we are if we don't, if you know what I mean.

Sleep hygiene, great concepts in general if you search it up. > (apple probably? There is an equivalent I'd guarantee.)

There didn't use to be until this last month, unless you jailbreaked your iOS device. But iOS v9.3 came with their own version (read: exact clone) of f.lux. It does exactly what it's supposed to, though, and can be adjusted to more or less "warm," so yay.

Edit: There's also the ability to set brightness [even lower than the lowest setting](http://www.businessinsider.com/how-to-turn-iphone-brightness-down-past-default-setting-2014-10) by going through the accessibility options. Not sure how well this works with their not-f.lux, so YMMV. 