What are your tips to help out with you ADD Hey guys, I know they are some tips and tricks to help out with ADD and I want people to share they tips and tricks here. For me this definitely has to be relinquishing blame. It's counterproductive, and despite popular belief most ADDers are actually pretty frustrated by counterproductively. 

I don't feel bad for being forgetful, absent minded or anything, because I know I'm doing the best that I can. This is a lesson that you can apply with anyone. People try. We're often imbued with an especially insightful skill set due to our condition. Live and learn, just never go to hard on yourself, or anyone. There is a book called Adhd Friendly Ways to Organize Your Life with lots of good tips. Step one. Buy a "easter basket" sized basket and put it somewhere near the front door. OR Use your hat.

Step two. put your wallet, ipod, cellphone, keys, sunglasses, etc in it when you get home and you'll never forget anything. Mostly apps (search with "app" or "advice" and you will se A LOT). My current favorites are Trello and Fabulous. I recommend Fabulous to anybody, especially the ones trying to start with habits of to do lists and some healthy rhythm in their lives. Depends. Are you a student or do you work? I have a lot of tips, but I don't know what's relevant to you.  ORGANIZATION AND ROUTINE! 

I try to take my meds at the same time every day, regardless of what I have planned. 
I make lots and lots of lists! And sometimes they're just to do lists, sometimes (if I'm having a bad day) I'll make ones with explicit instructions. It takes longer but I find it's helpful to write it out, and have it in front of you (or on your phone) 

I also set alarms and put absolutely EVERYTHING in my phone calendar. Whether it's appointments, shifts at work, study time, workouts, random errands. 

Having a regular sleep schedule is also extremely important. I don't know about you, but my cognitive functioning is severely impacted by lack of sleep. I try to get to bed around the same time, and wake up around the same time. 

I also use apps like flux on my laptop to dim the blue light before bed. 

Hopefully this helps! 
 you are absolutely right! yes.. sometimes I do snap at people and get really stressed out :( thats a great idea! thanks aw yeah, appropriately sized vessels are the best. Me and my BF (we both have adhd) have "The Tub".

"The Tub" sits on our coffee table and contains EVERYTHING. Keys, incense, xbox controller, batteries, lighter, coins, pens, my colouring pencils and various craft materials, duct tape, you name it. Can't find it? "check The Tub" interesting is the app Fabulous with android to ? Habitbull is a good app if you are trying to start a new habit. I work in restoration  Any advice for a student?  I believe it's only on Android right now, they are working on an iOS version For a student, I have a lot of tips, but mainly:
- Get a planner that has a monthly calendar and day to day planning space. Write down all the due dates for your assignments and exams in the monthly section, and then small tasks you have to complete everyday in the daily planning space. 

- Use a Pomodoro timer while studying. I started of at 20/10 - 20 minutes of reading with 10 minutes break. Increase the reading time gradually. I am at 30/5 now, even though I can go up to 60/5. While taking notes, you can do 40/10, as notes keep your focus for longer.

- During lectures, taken notes on everything. I am assuming you are medicated, so paying attention is entirely in your control. Listen to what the prof is saying, and after they are finished talking, quickly summarize what they just said. A day later, while transiting or in the toilet, you can just quickly review those notes. 

- Color code everything. Get those color sticky notes, and use different colors for different courses. In a binder, organize pockets by course color. This will keep your documents organized, and make it easier for you to get back to them. Also, write the course number and week on the sticky note for each reading. 

- Listen to music while studying. I stick to classical piano music. Listening to the same playlist every time has conditioned me to start focusing every time I hear that playlist. I don't know if this will work for you, but you should definitely try it out! 

I have a lot of tips, but I am running out of time. Message me if you want more tips!  Thanks alot :) omg are you me? every single one of those are my favorite tips. Including same playlist for classical music for studying! ha! that was so weird- reading all this... I swear to god... I say the same stuff. Thank you very much. This is incredibly helpful. I just started the medication process a few months ago so I'm still finding the right dose/type, but these tips will go far for me. 