Had ADHD Evaluation... It Said I Don't Have ADHD...Now What?  

Hello - 

First post ever on reddit!  Been lurking for a while. So many of your posts and comments have been incredibly helpful.  

I’m a 46 yo F. If I’m self diagnosing I’m ADHD-PI (definitely inattentive….I’ve stopped and started writing this post for a week). I’ve had issues with attention for over 10 years now. Used to be able procrastinate and hyper focus with great results. 

Now I have the attention of a flea. I can barely focus on work for 5 min before I’m off onto something else (not work). It’s so frustrating and it’s getting worse. It takes me 3x as long to complete a task. Yesterday I sat with my head in my hands in tears b/c I just couldn’t focus and I have so much work to do.  I sat at my desk yesterday for 9 hours to do 2 hours worth of work.  

I was not diagnosed with anything as a child/teen (70s/80s). I was an excellent student. Top of my class. Overachiever. I did a lot of daydreaming though and procrastinated on work but never to my detriment. In college I worked full time and went to school full time and excelled at both. Cant say that now… I don’t feel like I’m excelling in any area of my life….

I’ve been in therapy for 8 months with a nice therapist but she’s not really “helping”. I’ve been trying to find out if my inability to stay on task, lack of concentration, low motivation, etc… is caused by ADHD or depression. Some weeks it feels like my issues are ADHD driven and others it feels like depression is the driver.  

Anyway… I found some places that do ADHD testing and paid a lot of $$ to get an ADHD evaluation 2 weeks ago. It was 4 hours long and a combination of computer-based testing, memory tasks, functional tasks. I thought I did poorly. Turns out I passed all the tests with flying colors (but I’ve always been a good test taker).  

In the 12 page report I got, the psychologist wrote that my difficultly with concentration and attention is not due to “neurological deficits”.  Additionally my long list of symptoms “do not meet the full criteria of any specific depressive disorder at this time”. 

I discussed the report with the psychologist and wanted to know how I can't have ADHD when I can point to a list of ADHD symptoms that describe how I feel/act to a T.  She offered that some “mood disorder” can be causing my attention issues but couldn’t speak to any "disorder" with specifics. 

I feel so lost now. I was scared to get an ADHD diagnosis but I also wanted one too. Yesterday when it took me an hour to type a 3 sentence email I just froze, terrified that this is going to be my life for the next 20 years.  

I’ve thought about getting another evaluation from a different provider. But thats a lot of $$ since its not covered by my insurance.  

I understand that depression can cause concentration & focus issues. And I do have some depressive symptoms like low motivation, irritability, lack of interest. But depending on what I read these symptoms can be a result of me being so frustrated by not being able to pay attention to anything for longer than a few minutes. 

I don’t know what to do now and feel like I'm in a downward spiral. 

Maybe I should try anti-depressants since I don’t see more talk therapy helping until my brain gets re-wired. I know things like yoga, meditation, etc… help - but I can’t get on task to do them. I’m a runner and running does help …if I can motivate myself to get out the door. I missed an 11 mile run this morning b/c I was lying in bed stressing over all this. 

Sorry this is so long. (I ramble).  

Anyone dealing with depression or mood disorders and ADHD that can offer some input? 

Thanks.  You might look into Wellbutrin? I’m not a doc, but I’ve seen a lot of things talking about Wellbutrin being an antidepressant that is also commonly used for mild ADHD because it does have some effect on those symptoms! Neurological testing for ADHD is a joke right now. There is scientific evidence to show that none of the current testing approaches are objectively reliable. Not only do they sometimes fail to identify patients with confirmed diagnoses, they cannot adequately discriminate between patients who actually have ADHD and those who are faking it. Basically the consensus is that some of the tests are useful as *informational supplements* for trained diagnosticians. They rely on the doctor to interpret the results in conjunction with information from the standard diagnostic process to control for false positives/negatives. I'd link the studies but frankly I just woke up and don't feel like digging through my old posts.  
  
My point is that you shouldn't take this as definitive evidence that you don't have ADHD. The results you got were still ultimately based on the subjective interpretation of a doctor, and as such they could be incorrect. Personally I'd be a little suspicious of a doctor who insists they need expensive and unreliable tests to make a subjective diagnosis that other doctors have been making accurately for decades without such tests.  
  
The fact that you "passed" such a test isn't that surprising either. People with ADHD are known to perform better in situations that are novel, high-pressure, involve close supervision, and/or occur in a one-on-one setting.  
  
My advice would be to treat this like any other diagnosis. If you feel that the doctor evaluating you overlooked evidence or failed to provide an adequate explanation for the real source of your issues, you should seek a second opinion. There are certainly other disorders that impact attention -- you may really *not* have ADHD -- but you should at least get a diagnosis that accounts for your attention issues.   I’m sorry you’re going through this. I do have a few notes though...

1) ADHD symptoms in adults usually surfaces in the early to mid 20’s [edit if it wasn’t caught as hyperactivity when you were an adolescent]. Considering you told the psychologist it started happening in the past 10 years, that might be a major reason they’re saying you aren’t ADHD. It’s not just the test that evaluates you...it’s also their opinions based on what you tell them. If you don’t already, I suggest keeping a running list of traits and signs from your 20’s that point to ADHD. Keep researching and learning. This sub is a great resource...I’ve learned about so many ADHD traits that aren’t in a pdoc’s textbook or DSM that a lot of people on here talk about.

2) option: go to a psychiatrist (not psychologist), specifically. If you’re sure you have ADHD, then you need to follow your gut. Not all docs are going to see what you see. You know yourself best.

3) find another therapist for sure. If they aren’t really helping, then get out! When you find the right one...it’s amazing.

 Oh, that is so frustrating! Especially since it cost a lot of money. Of course, you don't want to be diagnosed with a disorder you don't have, but since they didn't offer any alternatives, it's not that helpful. 

You might try making an appointment with a psychiatrist for a more general evaluation. That doctor may not have had any other suggestions because they were specifically testing for ADHD. (And that appointment should be covered by insurance.) 

**A bunch of stuff about my history if you're interested, but you can also skip it.** 

For my part, I (34F) have both ADHD-I and severe depression. I was diagnosed by my psychiatrist without a formal evaluation, so I honestly don't know how I would do on those types of tests. But I know that I for sure have ADHD. I'm very intelligent and got good grades in school, but I can recall many instances back to when I was 9, if not younger, that match with ADHD-I symptoms exactly. 

I first experienced depression during my freshman year of college. I now believe this initial episode was caused by my untreated ADHD, but I was only diagnosed a couple of years ago, by which time the depression had definitely taken on a life of its own. (Briefly, I have treatment resistant "double depression" which means that I have PDD/dysthymia all the time, but I also have major depressive episodes.) 

It took me a really long time to even consider that I might have ADHD, because, as you note, ADHD and depression share a lot of symptoms. I first started on anti-depressants about 5 years ago, and most of them were awful and actually worsened my symptoms. One caused me so much fatigue that I thought I had a sleep disorder until I realized it was a side effect. However, I have found Wellbutrin to be quite effective. I have been on the max dose of that for a good while now. 

But even having found what I think is the most effective antidepressant, I just wasn't seeing full remission of my most troublesome symptoms, like mental fatigue, trouble concentrating, memory problems ... you see where I'm going with this. 

Well, first I tried TMS therapy. Which is basically magnetizing your brain out of depression or some such. It is specifically indicated four people who have tried at least 3 antidepressants without significant success. I do think it helped, but STILL these symptoms persisted. 

Finally, my doctor suggested I might have ADHD and started me on Adderall. GLORY HALLELUJAH. Sure, it wasn't an instant miracle exactly. I had to work out my dose and all that. But the difference when I am taking that medication is honestly stunning. I feel like someone gave me my life back. I wish I'd figured it out sooner, but I'm so glad to be getting the right treatment now. (It's honestly only after I started taking meds that I really connected the dots with how much I definitely did have ADHD.) 

**Okay so back to you!** 

You mentioned you have had attention problems for 10 years, meaning that they started in your mid-30s. One of the diagnostic criteria for ADHD is that symptoms started before age 12. Some of what you describe about your childhood could be consistent with ADHD-I, but it could also be an intelligent and creative child. With these types of symptoms, it really comes down to severity, and whether it impairs you or not. The fact that you can name a specific (ish) time in adulthood when you started having symptoms suggests they might be caused by some other condition. 

Being honest with you, I cannot imagine anyone with untreated ADHD being able to balance a full time job and full college course schedule. I certainly couldn't. I'm not saying it's impossible, but you say you excelled at both. The more common experience for people with ADHD is to struggle - or even completely crash and burn - just trying to manage college by itself and keep our lives organized while living alone and being responsible for keeping track of everything on our own for the first time. 

All that being said, I am not any kind of medical professional, and I'm just parroting back the information that I've learned since being diagnosed. One book I found very enlightening is Delivered from Distraction by Ed Hallowell. It gives a very clear picture of what adult ADHD looks like. It also explains that there is no definitive test for ADHD. So the fact that your evaluation was negative doesn't for sure mean you don't have it. Dr. Hallowell believes that the best diagnostic tool is an in depth patient history. So you might consider seeking out a different type of evaluation. 

Wow this got super long, sorry! But yes, other conditions can cause symptoms similar to ADHD. And not even just psychiatric conditions. A number of physical conditions, including thyroid problems and several vitamin and mineral deficiencies, can mimic ADHD symptoms as well. So if you haven't had a physical in a while, I'd suggest making an appointment with your PCP to rule out a physical cause. And if that comes up negative, probably talk to a psychiatrist and see what they recommend.  I was recently diagnosed with ADHD after I had a panic attack seemingly out of nowhere. I went to the doctor expecting that I had anxiety.  

When going through symptoms with my doctor, the short list of issues was ADHD, anxiety and insomnia. I went to a neuropsychologist, did the interview and she suspected ADHD, tested for it (I presume the same test as you) when the results came back she lead with "You definitely have ADHD" 

My results Verbal Comprehension and Perceptional Reasoning was really high (84 and 99 percentile) my working memory was at 18 percentile and processing speed was in the 54 percentile. As it was explained to me,ADHD is the gap between the first set and the second set and in my case was about as wide as it could get. Hence the confident diagnosis.

As it turns out,

Someone who is very capable but having issues with memory and process speed because of ADHD become fustrating and anxious. 

Someone with anxiety is prone to making careless mistakes, freeze up and have trouble focusing.

And someone with insomnia isn't getting the sleep they need and can become forgetful and have trouble focusing.

I guess the moral of my story is that there are overlapping symptoms with mental health that manifest for different reasons. Having trouble focusing doesn't automatically mean you have ADHD.

Be open to any prognosis and trust the professionals.

Your story doesn't quite sound like ADHD. I was a great student through high school too but struggled and dropped out of college because I couldn't juggle school and work.  I couldn't afford not to work. 

Today, I have a growing family now and a proper career in banking.  Since dropping either isn't an option, I hit a breaking point instead and had to seek help. Have you considered that maybe you're burned out? A lot of what you described seems like it's only become a problem recently and that kind of onset doesn't suggest ADHD to me. Burn out can creep up on you and you may not figure it out until it gets very serious. Depressive symptoms, anxiety, and inattention can all be part of burning out. I would look it up and if you think it applies, therapy can be a huge help once it's targeted. Maybe your therapy has just been to broad/exploratory until now? You should talk to someone in person.
Have you ever had medications before? 
I'm wondering what's changed in your life.  It is possible for people with ADHD to have hyperfocus, create pressure in themselves, create a highly structured environment and overachieve. And runner's high and exercise can help produce natural endorphins that help with ADHD. I was an overachiever in high school, but the lack of structure in college made things fall apart and I got so-so grades, even though I tried to take 12-13 hours a semester and didn't have a lively social life.  

It's also possible for people who have depression to have lots of problems with focus. If you've been working with a therapist and it isn't helping, I'd strongly consider trying anti-depressant medication. You don't necessarily have to go to a psychiatrist, your family doctor could prescribe for you. I second the recommendation for Wellbutrin because it's about the only medication that works on dopamine, and that's helpful with motivation. But the Lancet study on comparative effectiveness of antidepressants didn't rank Wellbutrin that high. [https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(17)32802-7/fulltext](https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(17)32802-7/fulltext)

Like another post mentioned, I really doubt that someone with undiagnosed/untreated ADHD would be able to work full-time (40 hours a week) and go to school full-time (15-16 credit hours) and be able to survive, unless the job wasn't very demanding and let you study some of the time, and you are able to thrive on 4-5 hours a sleep a night. 

Given your age, depression and ADHD are not the only medical possibilities. It could be symptoms of peri-menopause. I've done a bit of research and lack of focus and depression are definitely increased in the time leading up to menopause. I'm about 2-3 years younger than when my mom hit menopause and missing periods half the time and I believe that is probably contributing to my lack of focus and motivation at the moment. I haven't yet talked a doctor into prescribing hormone replacement, but my new primary care doctor seemed open to it - need to go back to her for a followup soon anyways. 

But I'd try antidepressants first before hormone replacement. If you haven't had a physical recently, and you are going to your primary care doctor get a lab workup that includes thyroid tests, because that can cause depression too. 

 

&#x200B; Just go to docs until you get the diagnosis you think you have. Also, look up the criteria in the DSM V and tell the doctor you meet that you unequivocally meet that criteria (If you do). Print out pages from the DSM V and show the doc. Keep in mind, there are tests such as the T.O.V.A. for diagnosing ADHD, but there are not by any means definitive. Some doctors and psychiatrists are fairly biased against the belief that people have ADHD and that it's so over diagnosed that the patient must have something else despite meeting criteria. But, the official rule of diagnoses is simply that you must meet criteria in the DSM. Here is a link to the specific DSM criteria. You don't have to meet every condition, but rather have a specific amount of conditions that you meet. I thought it was 3....But this particular link does not specify. Anyway, look this stuff up and go into your appointment prepared. Also, let the doc know that ADHD is under diagnosed in woman.   [https://princetonnassaupediatrics.com/files/dsm-criteria-for-adhd-handout.pdf](https://princetonnassaupediatrics.com/files/dsm-criteria-for-adhd-handout.pdf) TL;DR please Thank you.  I remember reading that somewhere...probably here.  :-) Thank you.  I'll do some searching on neurological testing for ADHD.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but it felt like the IQ test I took as a kid (and there was an IQ component in the results).   I think a second opinion is in my future...even if its expensive.  Thanks for your feedback.  I definitely need a new therapist.   It's such a trial and error process to find a good one.  Kinda like dating... Thank you so much for your reply.   I really appreciate it.  I have a different book from Dr. Hallowell - "Driven to Distraction".  I read it late last year and I found it really informative. It started me down the path of therapy this year.

I did get a thorough physical with blood work in spring b/c my running speed got slower this year and I wanted to know if the slowdown was physical or mental.  I don't have any thyroid issues but iron and some other vitamins like B, D and minerals were low so I've been on supplements for several months.  My speed isn't back yet...so maybe it *is* all in my head...ha.  I also haven't felt any change in mood since starting them.  

When I think back to me in college and all the plates I kept spinning at the same time I have no idea how I did it.  I don't recognize that person today, and I miss her.  I couldn't do that now.   I have.  I work for myself so if projects are timed right I can take large chunks of time off to decompress.  I was off work June - August this year and that didn't help.  It used to.  I used to take time off and just do the things that brought me pleasure and recharge.  This summer there was no recharging despite nothing pulling for my attention.  I do think the therapist I was seeing just isn't equipped to help me. Back to the drawing board there... I was seeing a therapist from Jan - Aug.  I sought her out b/c she said she had experience with ADHD and Depression.  Very nice woman but over time it became clearer to me we're not a good fit.  Any time I would talk to her about my frustration with distraction and not being able to focus she would make excuses for me rather than working towards a plan to figure it out.  Thank you for suggesting peri-menopause.  Given my age it's something I've started to think about.  I brought it up peri-menopause to a new gyno this year -  and she waved it off.  "Too young".  Sigh.  Then again I haven't had consistency in doctors for the last 5 years due to insurance changing, so every year I'm starting over with a new medical group.  

I've had a comprehensive blood panel done b/c my running race/training times slowed dramatically this year.   I was low in iron, B, D vitamins and some other things.  I started on supplements in May.  Haven't noticed a change yet to my mood...or speed.   Ah, yes! I haven't read Driven to Distraction, but my understanding is that "Delivered" is more specifically focused on how ADHD presents in adults. He does reference "Driven" a good bit in that book, so you might find some parts repetitive, but you also might get a clearer idea of how your symptoms compare to people who were not diagnosed until later in life. (I actually listened to the audiobook - at 1.25x speed - and that made it a lot easier to get through the whole thing.) 

It's good that you had a physical recently. That at least rules out some of the more obvious possibilities. I suppose an appointment with a psychiatrist is probably the next thing to try. Also worth considering, depression can absolutely affect your physical energy and strength. (I should know. I wasn't able to keep up any consistent exercise regime until I was properly medicated.) So it's possible that your running speed is connected to that. Although, of course, there are many other possibilities besides just ADHD or depression. 

I hope you're able to find some answers and effective treatment soon!  If you're having trouble recharging, that makes me suspect burn out even more. I see you're a runner too, and I wonder if you track your runs? More than just metrics, maybe your moods, injuries, and in particular, your RHR. These can help you pinpoint when things really took a turn and help you identify a similar trend in the future.

&#x200B;

FWIW, I had a similar experience where my annual camping trip (10 days in the wilderness, completely unplugged) wasn't as rejuvenating as it used to be. The good news there is that sometimes changing up your comforts can help solve it. I took up trail running to get more forest time and it was a big enough change that it really cleared my mind. It wasn't just that I switched to running to trails. I started racing which meant that I really had to make time to train on trails which meant I had to change up my gear and training habits. Where before I could almost mechanically throw on running gear and head out the door for a run, now I had to plan out my routes on maps, think about fueling mid-run, safety on the trail, etc. More recently, I've moved and trail running isn't really an option. When I felt myself falling into that loop of increasing ADHD and fatigue, I decided to try new things. I've swapped running for lifting and swimming, two things that always scared me. Again, it's been such a huge change to deal with that it kind of snapped me back into gear. 

&#x200B;

I haven't worked with a therapist since a bad experience with one a few years ago, so I can't offer help for what to look for there. But I definitely agree that you might need to find someone new. It could be an idea to look at someone with ADHD coaching experience, whether or not you get a diagnosis of ADHD. That kind of experience motivating and keeping people on track can probably still benefit non-ADHD people! Hmm. Have you thought about seeing another one?  Thanks for following up.  I do feel burnt out and my 3 months off didn't change that.  I was still leaving a dozen unfinished things in my wake each day - just none of them dealt with work.  

As for running, this year my training and race paces have slowed and it's really been frustrating & discouraging.  I had a thorough blood panel done in the spring and found I was deficient in iron and some other vitamins and minerals.  I've been on supplements since May but so far the speed hasn't returned.  It's been depressing (for lack of a better word) and resulted in less motivation to run/train even though I know I need to train to get back to where I used to be.   I've wondered if my mental fogginess is contributing to my slower paces.  

I enjoy trails but they are a 60-90 min drive away.  I live a about a half mile away from our lakefront trail which while I'm totally used to running on by now - still provides nice scenery each time.  After my next 2 races this month, I'm going to take a break from training and get back into tennis and the pool.  I'm an awful swimmer and 30 min in the pool leaves me as fatigued as a 10 mile run, but it's a nice change of pace too.  Yes.  Started searching for new ones that accept my insurance and have ADHD and Depression expertise this week.   