I need a planner system and am completely overwhelmed by my choices. Advice? I've had a million daytimers and calendars. I've tried bullet journaling but it didn't stick for me, although I want to add some BJ style elements to my routine for managing one-off tasks. I've used the Midori Traveler's Notebook setup but didn't love it because it was unwieldy. 


I have a couple of different jobs (starting a new one next week) and am planning a wedding right now so keeping tasks organized is essential. I have been looking into a Filofax system. My mom swore by Franklin Covey back in the day. I've spent entirely too much time perseverating on which planner system to get. I use iCal on my phone but I want a redundant paper system, as well. I miss too many appointments and don't have a full view of everything.


I know I need something with a month and daily view and a planner that has pockets and nooks and crannies to hold things. It should be a ring binder so I can move tabs around. I don't decorate a planner like a scrapbook and want something more utilitarian. Any thoughts on what's worked for you? I use the bullet journal system in a Filofax. I can't do it very well in an L1917 because I need to be able to rearrange things as I see fit. For a good chunk of time I was using an A5 Webster's Pages Color Crush, but I gave the Official Bullet Journal a try and I liked it a little better (Probably because my boyfriend gave it to me) than my last L1917 but it still gave me anxiety so I was overly minimalist with it. I'd been toying with going back to my Color Crush (I also have several Recollections planners in personal and A5 sized and have tried the mini Happy Planner and a couple other odds and ends as well) when I spontaneously decided to buy an A5 black Filofax Domino and a personal sized purplish Filofax Domino. The personal is a little smaller than I'd normally like, but I am LOVING it. I just put paper into my A5 as well and plan to have it be more for course work and bigger projects, whereas my personal can be my everyday carry (and I've put my important cards into it as well to use it as my wallet too to take up less space in my bag!) 

Being able to rearrange everything and have specific sections that I can then organize how I see fit and use the bullet journal system for my "planning" section is ideal for me. I still use iCal as well for coordinating certain schedule aspects with my boyfriend (he has an email address that is specific for our calendars so that they sync up so we don't double book things), but we both have our paper systems as well and it's so perfect.  I use passion planner, works really well and you have a shitton of extras you can stick in there... I got a Happy Planner from Michaels this january. You can add inserts from several different add on packs and buy different sticker collections. I bought the inserts that allow you to schedule things by the hour and the stickers that are to-do lists, things not to forget,  important,  do this now!, etc, as well as some motivational quotes. It has the month view and a weekly view with plenty of room to write. 