I picked up knitting again after ten years and I'm hesitant to continue. Just before Christmas, my family joined our best family (husband's best friend's family, who are like our brother/sister and kids our nieces) at a condo for a few days' vacation. Their oldest daughter had a friend with her and she was knitting and I remember before when I used to knit. It took me a few tries to remember what to do but I was back at it in no time. 

[I made something simple](http://imgur.com/Xs5BILW) and was proud to remember how to do it. Now I want to make more things. 

What im hesitant about is the initial excitement about starting a new hobby. I want to have all the tools and all the things, and knowing it takes a while to finish something, I don't want to lose interest. I know it's a typical pitfall for those of us with ADD-PI as myself. But I find it relaxing and meditative. I just don't know what I'd actually make. I don't wear scarves a lot. I don't want to have all of these materials around because I got excited and then abandon it in a few months time. 

I  struggling with how to temper my excitement and motivation for the long term but wondering if I may enjoy it long term. I have a few other things like this, where I'll do something for a while and then put it away until I feel like doing it again (watercolors, hand lettering, miniatures, etc.). 

How do you know what you will stick with and what is initial excitement?  If I like it enough, I try to make explicit time for it, and that helps it "stick" in the long term. Knowing if I like it enough? If it helps me in some manner. Sometimes I pick something up and can't find any use for it whatsoever, so.

Check out Ravelry for ideas for projects and maybe KALs to keep you motivated, and try to buy only enough yarn to finish one project at a time, I guess? And there might be ideas there for what to do with what you make - charities you can donate to, etc. A lot of the stuff I knit I ended up giving away as gifts, because it doesn't really help me (like you said, I don't wear scarves a lot) after I've finished knitting an item. I started to crochet 2 years ago.  The hardest part wasn't learning, it was when I compared myself to others because I always feel like I am lacking.

But I find it really helps me focus when I have something in hand, so I've stuck with it.

Small projects have helped for when my interest jumps around.

Continuing to push my skills has helped too. Just buy one set of needles and the yarn for one project.  Get a new set when you need a different size.  (I allowed one file box for my stash of yarn.) I made myself do it for other people. Last year I made a unicorn for my friend's birthday. It took months, but I knew I had to finish it so I didn't let her down. This week im making a tiny batman for my friend. Soon I'm planning on making something for me and actually finishing it. Maybe you can put a knitting block in your schedule and set an alarm for it? That's what I'm going to try to do.  I crochet,  and agree with what you said. Needle work can be a meditative and relaxing task. Personally I enjoy making squares(just now seeing that your picture was of a square!), flower granny squares especially. One of the reasons being I can finish a square or more in a day depending on what type I am doing. Squares can be made into whatever your heart desires from tote bags, change purses, afghans, throws, pillow cases, worked into  shawls, used as a patch in jeans, made into slippers...and these are just the ones I thought of without using the Google.
Better yet you don't even need to use them at all, until you want to. 
Making applique items in fun also, even if you have no use planned! Little animals, or leaves or flowers etc. Another great thing about getting started with this type of hobby is that "all the things" isn't really that much! Stick with a few needle sizes, and 5-10 colors of yarn you like. You know, some basics. Like white, black, and a shade or two of a red, a blue, a green a purple, blah blah. No need to go nuts! And stick with cheap yarn, no need to be a yarn snob. No need for hand sheered worsted space Lllama yarn hand spun by the galactic popes grandmother. Red Heart has never done me wrong, in color selection, price, or overall quality.

The fact that you can and have realized you have a tendency to go over board, and did not impulsively dive into your local craft store with credit card in hand shows you are on the right track to taming your habits you find bothersome. 

So, I know none of this answered your question, but that is because I honestly do not have one other than this. I do not believe you can know what you will stick with unless you try it. If you enjoy doing something, you should do it. If you enjoy it enough you will stick with it. How much, or how often, or how good you do it should not concern you so long as it makes you happy when you are doing it. Even if your first baby blanket you work on isnt done until that kid is turning 34 and they discontinued half the yarn colors in the process and it is somehow a nonigon when you had intended it to be a rectangle! 

Happy Hookin'! :)

(ps. Check out Ravelry for neat free patterns and stuff as well. Its a crochet/knitting community site) I cycle through hobbies every six months or so. If I put down the yarn for two years, it's not like it's going to go bad or anything. The children's hospital across from my workplace takes knitted caps they give to every patient. Maybe I can do things for that! I can work all year and learn more and save them up for next fall.  I started a herringbone stitch. It took me a while to see the pattern develop but I wanted to keep on until I did. It was refreshing and I spent the evening doing that while watching a movie. I never do that!  That's a good tip! I have a couple of sets now, and I'm going to tell myself to make one complete thing before I get anything else.  That's a good tip. I'm going to try to make some hats for the children's hospital. They take donations and give one to every patient. This might help me focus on a goal.  Thank you!! That is really inspiring. I spent three hours tonight figuring out a herringbone stitch I found on ravelry. I can't wait to learn more, but I want to be good at one skill before I move on. Maybe after learning this one, I'll move on to something a little more complicated.  That's funny you say that, since I still have a pair of needles and yarn from ten years ago!  Yay! [Isn't it pretty?](http://imgur.com/hC3sTuB) yes it is!  I never did knitting long enough to learn the advanced stitches like that.  I can knit and purl and that's it.

Congrats, it looks great! 