I still find it amazing how helpful post it notes on a wall actually are [its just right there !](http://imgur.com/8UYqfAc), it gives me the visibility on how much I've spent this month and all the crap I have to do.

I mean, I still ignore most everything but at least  I know what I'm not doing. I have this at work and then my assistant can remind me when I fail to do something. I am also introducing with this kids I teach, I keep saying that I will bring or do something with them and forget, so even they leave me post its now, helps them acknowledge everyone has shortcomings.  Is that your kitchen? I love the color scheme.  I like white boards for this, post its are too likely to get played with while I'm walking past. Please tell me those are the "Super Sticky" kind. The thought of one falling off and blowing under a piece of furniture or something is kinda upsetting.  Is messy handwriting an ADHD thing?  I wish I could do this without being berated. these Agile methodologies like the kanban boards are really helpful exactly for this, it helps give a clear shared vision of what is what. 

in the end, we all work a little different and different things have different benefits for us and like you said, everyone has shortcomings  that we need to learn to live with or overcome(and not let them be an excuse for failure). I was about to say, that kitchen is super nice. I'm having kitchen envy. Thanks, I'll tell the landlord :), its a great little house in the middle of nowhere that we call home. British houses in general arent exactly what you'd call "high quality" but we like this one... it could really use a water pump tho  the good thing about post it notes is that its not permanent , you can always clean the wall, but I haven't really found a white board solution as simple as that( I rent) that does happen from time to time if I muck about them too many times but in general they hold up ok. I mean, who has time to worry about handwr SQUIRREL why would you be berated? I like those Kanban boards will be putting one up in my room at work.

Yep, is hard sometimes, stuff like this helps and continually seeing people posting this encourages me to try to overcome rather than just accept. I just looked up what those were and they seem like a great way to organize.  I used an easel when we rented, or hung them on book cases.  I really like the magnetic one we've got near the kitchen now. Family cheers. it is hard, specially since a lot of people don't understand what having ADHD is actually like. so just find something that works for your and never mind the bollocks. 

also, try to work on one thing at a time, one small improvement after one small improvement and remember, there is no failure. you either win or you learn. so just try to do your best and learn from your mistakes.

nobody is better than anyone else, we are all just different and the great thing about this sub is that we understand each other and are here to accept and support!

good luck
 



  in the begging I even broke them down between to do, doing and done. I even thought about color coding the post it notes based on priority. but... just having them there where enough,  you just need to find what works without being too much effort.   good luck! Thanks! I've found that having something physically there and present is super helpful.  