I have a question, which computer OS (ex. Mac OSX, Windows, etc.) Is best for staying on task? Hey, this is a serious question that I have(i have adhd myself), as I am in the market for a new computer, (because, you know, windows 8) I would love to know what people's opinions are to this question, as i get distracted VERY easily! Thanks in advanced for the comments that will all be helpful to me! I dunno if one has any advantage over the others, its all about how you use it really It's not the OS, it's how you use it. There are lots of cool tools for productivity no matter which OS you use. Which one looks/feels the best to you? That's the one that will make you happy. On a side note, my favorite computer right now is a really old machine that used to have Windows XP, but now runs Linux Mint. I love it. You could probably find an equivalent for less than $100. If you want to try Linux out, it's free. Just stick it on a bootable USB stick and see how it feels! Whichever one you work best with.  Windows 7 pirated editon :)
Im a not paying for dat shit Okay, thank you! I was just womdering, as I found Windows 8 to have way too  many unneccecary, random bright colors! I have been leaning more towards a mac, because the mac feels like it SHOULD have the bright colors there. I also found myself getting quite distracted using windows 8. I just got done trying that out, and I LOVE IT! yeah, at my school, they taught us how to use windows, mac, and linux. :D So I'm good at using everything. :D The idea of pirating an OS sounds about as appealing to me as saving money by buying used underwear. If someone has access to the actual iso that you're using to build your machine, some malicious person could sneak all sorts of silent malware and you would have no idea, couldn't they? Pirating operating systems and anti-virus seems like a terrible idea to me. Maybe I'm paranoid, but... Besides, Linux is cooler AND free. ;) until they track down your computer... hahahah. :D you can use software like [Classic Shell](http://www.classicshell.net/) to get rid of the brightly colored metro interface and have 8 behave more like previous versions of windows I use a mac and I'm a big fan! Imo OSX>windows 8 every day of the week just because its more simple and easy to use I agree with you! Enjoy no games and finding drivers :)
 Okay! Hey, by the way, have you tried windows 10? I tried the beta release, hoping that they got rid of that horrible bright colored metro interface that a lot of people seem to hate, and they got rid of the interface... but... they just put all the colors into the new start menu... I think that you have just convinced me to get a mac, congratulations! Wine, Steam, and GoG are all I need! (It helps that I'm over 30 with munchkins, so my epic gaming sessions are few and far between, haha.) There are a lot of games! Besides, the important part is that it's free, fast, open source, and that most of the games I play aren't compatible, so I don't get distracted by them! 