Which calendars/planners work best for you? Also, a little inspiration for better time management? Ive been looking into the Tools4Wisdom one.

http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00OMBPI0K/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?ie=UTF8&psc=1&smid=A218UJKWMALACD

 I really like the way the week is laid out and the physical appearance of it makes it seem less stressful on the mind in my opinion. I also just read about the bullet journal which seems cool, but honestly I'm probably not gonna get myself to write it out. I use my iphone calendar for appointments and stuff but I need something I can physically write on for my school/film stuff. What has worked best for you? 

I've been seriously discouraged/anxious about not getting things done in time, and I have so many goals that I am determined to achieve, but they seem almost impossible at times. I need to change my work ethic. I feel like I have so much potential and am wasting it. So if anyone has any words of wisdom or encouragement that'd be awesome too. 

 A couple of weeks ago I blew so much time researching calendar and planning apps I failed to complete my homework.

No, I don't have any great results.  I find that physically writing things out helps me, too. I back up with my phone for appointments though.

[Here's what I'm using right now.](http://polestarcalendars.com/wp-content/uploads/original-student-003-650x431.jpg) Each day is divided into three sections: appointments & assignments, general study, and the rest of your life. There's also a "to do this week/month" at the top of each page.

It works for now, but I really want to get an hourly planner soon. I think it would help to devote certain chunks of time to different subjects, and it would also keep me from double-booking appointments... The organizational system in David Allen's Getting Things Done has helped me tremendously at work. 
It's a simple system. Now knowing that things will get done when they should, knowing I have kept important reference material properly filed and knowing what my next action will be in each project has cut my work caused anxiety to near zero. 
 I've tried so many different planners and calendars, either 'analog' or apps, looking for that perfect one that would make me organised. My problem (if it is one) is that I 'see' time in a very different way than most calendars are set up and designed, if that makes sense? So, I've combined a few different versions that I liked and meshed with my inner view of how time flows and made my own set up in an A5 planner binder as I also find that physically writing things down helps me remember them better.

I do bullet journaling (with different colours for different areas) for the daily stuff and weekly/monthly planning on dotted paper that I print out + a version of the spiraldex (that I've flipped so that it looks more like I imagine my 'inner clock' and how time passes) where I fill in my daily schedule with the same colour scheme. The spiraldex is on half an a5 so that I can see it simultaneously with my todos. 
Moreover, there are sections for tracking my goals, course work with total overview and dates for deadlines etc, meal planning and stuff like that. 

I do use a planner on my phone too for reminders and backup (for example to look at my planner first thing in the morning :) ). I like  SolCalendar for Android as the widget is good.

However, for it to work (regardless of what system used) I have to be really disciplined and mark out once a week where I sit down and plan ahead, print out new papers if needed and setting it up. It takes about 30 mins. And then I need to spend 5 mins FIRST thing every morning looking it over. This is the hard part :)  ugh I may have done this last night.. eventually I decided to just buy the one that I put in the link. It looks like it'd be the most helpful for me right now as long as I stay disciplined. Good luck!  Although the spiraldex looks pretty confusing for me, I know what you mean about seeing time differently. It really helps when I can see the time laid out and its color coded with different colored blocks representing different activities. So it's basically like bullet journaling. I ended up buying the one i linked in the post. I will definitely try try and stay disciplined by looking it over every morning. Thanks:)  That's great that you've found something that seems to click for you! :)  