I hate being the 'weird' friend.  Me too. Some days I have a hard time with it, other days I remember the friends that understand me and don't mind. Though most days I take pride in my "weirdness", though it sometimes sucks I just remember that I do have some friends that don't mind who I am and what I am like. Though I will admit a lot of my friends either have adhd themselves or some other diagnose but we take comfort in understanding each other.  None of us are weird we are weird to them. Don't get too bothered being called different we will never endure the troubles of being like everyone else. I love them but they are boring as fuck sometimes.

Don't obsess about what your friends label you as. Just be careful how you label them. That's how you lose friends  Being the weird friend is amazing!

It's all about how your present yourself. Remember, you're already a neon tiger with laser beams compared to "normal" people-- so there's never any reason to show off or bide for extra attention. Let your badass ability to seek out the unusual and unique speak for itself. 


Since we do have quite a few youngish people on this Sub:
May I ask, are you one of those "imma dress like'a  [insert over the top alternative fashion here]" people?  I have a "friend" who pokes fun at me when I make poorly written sentences, spell something wrong, or say something redundant. It really annoys me because I don't think I really have any control over doing this sometimes...I could read over a incorrect sentence 15 times and still not see the error I have written. I always wondered why all of my closest relationships werewith ADHD people, until my parents shared my diagnosis at aged 30. Now I understand. They are the few people who don't bat an eye when I go from A to Z and then the green in one second. They even go with it when I blurt into the conversation about something random without wondering how I got there. Its amazing. I almost feel normal around them [deleted] I found a couple things that kind of diminish it. Depending on how moody/tried i am i feel pretty much normal or it's to the point where i only notice my "quirks" i guess and at a party or something it almost completely fades away however if im tired and at school i find it much harder to organize my thoughts and talk Ugh, thank you.

I also hate when you lament this to your neurotypical friends, and they're all "Whaaaat no you're not weird!"

yes, yes I am. Recognizing that is fine, working on that is fine, it doesn't mean I'm "denying my true self" or whatever.

 Meh. One of my best friends is schizophrenic and the other has bi-polar. Perhaps we click for a reason.. The weirdness is very relative.
I found that my weirdness in my country was not very accepted and made fun of.
After moving to the US (Portland especially) its more seen as an interesting quirk. But it can get difficult and overbearing once I get closer to people. Stop seeing it as a 'negative(?)' thing. Life would be extremely boring without characters like us. Imagine Breaking Bad without Jessie, art without adhd etc. 

Don't hate the best feature of your character. If people find you weird, that's great. It means you're yourself, which some people are afraid of being. Meh, i have better/more important things to do than hang out with people.^^Kill^me^please  Sometimes I enjoy being weird, but most of the time I don't anymore. It didn't really bother me too much until (a year or so ago) a cousin's wife to be introduced me to her family as "the weird one". Lots of her (and our) family heard it, nothing was said. I was embarrassed as hell, and haven't been a fan of her ever since. Thanks a lot, L. Ya... most people I'm friends with have always said, I'm a get to know you type person. It takes a while before their used to me I cheated by forming a friend group of mentally ill people unintentionally.

Edit: Admittedly, it helps that I tend to be less interested in the more thoroughly normal sorts of people.  They don't ever discuss interesting ideas like Transhumanism, and their perspectives on possible future paths often seem fairly limited, as if they can't even imagine futures that haven't been shown to them by Hollywood.  Instead I mostly hang out with nerds of various kinds, and while I'm not always perfectly in-sync with people, we're still in the same general 'cluster' of social ability and interests, so it works out. It's all about how you present yourself.

We're all quirky and weird. All of us. Some of us see that weirdness and mourn our inability to fit in with the crowd; others see that weirdness and celebrate our ability to stand out.

In a crowd of black & white people, we're the ones wearing technicolor dreamcoats. Some will always see you as eccentric and off-putting, and that's their loss. If they fear our colors, they don't deserve them.

Others will be attracted by your brightness. HOWEVER - if you don't let yourself shine brightly, you will lose their attentions as well.

Those who try to cover up their colors with something gray, and wrap that shroud tightly around themselves, hugging their midsections and leaning forward so as to hide those colors, still don't blend in with the monochrome crowd. But at least if your colors show, you're standing out in a positive way.

Those who mourn their colorful quirks aren't left out of social interactions because they're weird. They're left out because they're downers to be around. What we see as our self-deprecating humor is seen as whining by those around us. What we see as accommodating behavior is seen by others as a lack of confidence. What we see as our totally normal "I'm totally blending in!" gray coat is seen by others as a lumpy rock we're hiding ourselves under. And we are no fun to be around.

If we are not ourselves, we are nobody. So be yourself, be the weird friend, and only then can you be a friend at all. I like it.  I hated it to. I find I am very resistant to making new friends as an adult and I'd prefer if people stayed away from me because I'm tired of being thought of as weird.  If I were to say how I felt, I'd just be repeating what you said, totally agree. That's why I prefer doing activities to simple socialising, I enjoy hanging out with them but so rarely do I actually get any interesting conversation from them. Yep, this is how it happens with me and others I've known who have told me they have ADHD (mostly at school) or who don't need to tell me. Conversations are so much more interesting when we all can make those quick fire connections without having to slow down to catch folks up. 

But my friends without it know me like a book by now so it's not as if they are slow on the uptake. It's mostly new acquaintances who I have to fill in the gaps for.  Sometimes i can come off as a know it all but i usually am pretty plain I know what you're saying but it's just not getting me anywhere. It's the weirdness is making a mockery out of me. I was like this, when I was re diagnosed I found it hard because suddenly things in my social life were starting to make sense. It hurt. And there are days I wish I could be normal. But only for maybe a week, like a holiday. But I am pretty sure I would get bored and start to lose my connection with those I see as kin because of our shared or similar behaviours.  I think you mean 'dislike' instead of 'hate', hate sounds more active, while dislike sounds more passive. (how i see it)

If passive; Yup, such is life :)

 Nope it is definitely active as when I'm alone I can't help but get angry at myself for missing out on so much because of it. 