How to crack an exam which requires preparation of atleast 5-6 months? I've got this exam in few months it has a vast amount of syllabus. 

REGULAR STUDY REQUIRED.

 I really want to get it done, but I know myself after a while all of this motivation is going to fade away in a couple of days. Any suggestion how I can get throught his without losing my focus in between? one painful day at a time I'm in a similar boat studying for a professional certification exam that they recommend studying at least 6 months for. I've had the materials (which I paid $1200 for) since January and I've barely done anything with it. Sorry I have no helpful advice, but I feel your pain and am interested if anyone else has advice!! Read aloud. That helps me sometimes when I bored to read. The amount of studying an exam requires is usually overestimated. If they give you a certain number of hours, it's probably how long it takes the people who color-code their notes and then alphabetize by color or something.

My suggestion would be to schedule some time for it, at the same time/days each week. eg. "from 6 PM to 9 PM on Tuesday nights" and then fiercely guard and keep your commitment to that particular time window. Try not to go for more than three hours at a time - if you need more than three, set a second study window at a different time of the week.

Schedule a *reasonable* amount of study time. There is absolutely no reason to color-code and alphabetize your notes, and if you schedule more time than is actually needed, your ADHD will lead to you wasting it. (At least, mine would...) I study 2 hours a day, 7 days a week. Everyday between 6 to 8 pm my phone blocks distracting apps, and my browser activates the Stayfocsd extension and blocks all distracting websites. I go to starbucks without my phone open my laptop, put on some white noise video on youtube, play some classical and get to work. 

edit: I realize I sound like a snooty nerd in here, but this is the minimum requirement for me to focus even just a little. It's hard, and some days I make progress and other days I don't.  I’ve done it. I got all my designations before medication. It would have been light years faster on meds. 

Mornings are better. 5am pot of coffee, and ear plugs. It helps if you find it interesting.  Which is partially a choice. 

 The only things that keeps my motivation going in that type of situation is lots of shorter study sessions instead of fewer long ones, and then seeing progress as I check things off of the syllabus.  

I almost didn't graduate though, so I may not be the best one to take advice from:) Is this by chance the NAPLEX? If so, I was in a similar situation when I graduated. I basically did not study at all before my pharmacy school had its 2 day "bootcamp" right before graduation in May. I studied my ass off on the math because that's really all I had time to do before my test in June and I passed because I killed the math and relied on my instincts for everything else.  No it's the CMA exam for managerial accounting 