Does your employer know about your ADHD? I'm about to start a new job (yay!) and I'm not sure if I should tell them. I have people telling me not to and others telling me I should.

All I can think of is I don't have my meds figured out, in the past the weeks I've been on Concerta, switched to Adderall, and now I'm trying Strattera (day two) which can take over a month to start having an effect. I am having bi-weekly appointments with my psychologist trying to find something that works. How else would I be able to explain the frequency of these appointments if I don't tell my employer about my ADHD?

But on the other hand I have had two totally awful experiences with employers knowing (I told them both after I had been working for a while). They started trading me different, trying to distract me or telling me to find a way to deal with things that I clearly was to, for example in my last job they moved or cubicles into an open layout and I couldn't concentrate because I was distracted everyone someone said something, or even moved loudly. My manager told me just to try it, after two weeks I told him it wasn't getting better even when I wore headphones listening to music. He told me there was nothing he could do. A few months later I was laid off.

I'm a really honest person and I feel like not telling them is lying, or a "half-truth", but I'm afraid :( nope, and they wont know either.

it falls under "mind your own business"
 I told mine. Probably shouldn't have. You shouldn't either.  No, and unless my boss first demonstrates a solid understanding of what ADHD is, they won't.

The "half-truth" thing doesn't really apply because they are almost guaranteed to have assumptions about what ADHD means that are incorrect. You should probably be forthcoming about the relevant symptoms if they ever impact work, but you're actually communicating better by restricting yourself to those then by slapping a label on yourself that they don't properly understand.

Basically, when you tell your boss that you have ADHD, all they hear is "I'm lazy and an entitled brat." Giving them that impression is more of a lie than not disclosing your ADHD, right? I haven't and don't plan to. That being said, what your old boss did may have been illegal. ADHD is considered a disability under the ADA, and if your boss was aware of it he would have to make a reasonable effort to accommodate you.

As for your appointments, just tell them you have a biweekly prior commitment that you have to make. That's all they need to know. Mine knows. But I've also been working there for five years. I wouldn't start out with it, you'd send the wrong message. At the very most I would acknowledge that you do have some trouble with being distracted, but are working on improving upon it. I told my boss because I leave some of my medication there just in case. It's also good for the boss to know that I'm off my game when I don't take the medication. She's really understanding and she has friends and friends with children that are diagnosed. However, I told her the week after getting the job and after proving that I was just as/more productive as anyone else working there.  [deleted] When I told mine I was already in "trouble" so to speak, it was already an issue and I think they thought it was just an excuse :/

Hope everything is okay for you. Unfortunately they used another reason when they let me go, mainly me not "fitting in with the team". Which is not true, I had an issue with one guy out of 6 of us.

I like your suggestion about just saying a prior commitment, I may use that! I agree, I'm not ashamed, I just know that I'm not "myself" right now due to my Dr and I messing with different meds. I just don't want something to happen and then bring it up as an "excuse" I'm doing ok, but if you think through the possibilities you get a) they take it as an excuse, b) they believe it, but think now that they can't rely on you as much, c) they believe it and actually help out, and d) they shrug and nothing happens. 

d) is unlikely and of the first three two are negative. In my case I started getting "kid glove" treatment and had to assert that I was much better after medical attention and just forget I said anything. Didn't quite work, but was as good as I could do. 

My suggestion in general is if it has to be said, stick with how to mitigate symptoms. "I would be less distracted with my desk over here" or "I would understand it significantly better if I have something to read" or "let's have a 1:1 every week, it'll help our focus on the goals."

If they connect the dots, fine, but at least you're concentrating on what would make you more productive or effective. 

But once you're in trouble it's a little different. At that point I might disclose. But I certainly wouldn't volunteer it up front again.  