Grocery Shopping is a Nightmare I hate grocery shopping. Too many products. Too much chaos.

Over the years, I've grown accustomed to a specific grocery store near me. I memorized the layout and actually began organizing my shopping list by aisle so I could get in and out with no problem. 

And I had no problem, until they flipped the store around. I realize stores do this to force you to wander around and, in theory, buy more. It has the opposite effect on me: I get frustrated and leave. Today I just needed a bottle of Sriracha. It's a hot sauce that is not with the rest of the hot sauces anymore. In fact, it's not even in the aisle labeled Sauce. I thought for a moment. "Maybe it's by the soy sauce which is not in this aisle labeled sauce?" Soy sauce used to be in an aisle labeled Ethnic, an aisle that no longer exists. I wandered aimlessly for 5 minutes, got extremely frustrated by the lack of employee help, and left without Sriracha.  I'm a girl who hates shopping with a passion usually reserved for hating clowns and this is why. Irrational layouts piss me off.

Grocery shopping is one of the few moments in which I'm reminded that I have Adult ADHD (after shopping at disorganized closeout stores like Ross and Big Lots, whose disorganization is so chaotic it brings me to tears). My job? I've got that under control. Traveling? Cool as a cucumber. Trying to find a fucking hot sauce in a 12 aisle radius? Impossible! This is really interesting to read as I'm exactly the opposite. It's a totally awesome exciting adventure to go to the grocery store for me. I get to use my brain. There's no time limit and I can look at everything. I can scan the shelves and not look at anything in particular or stop and read things that catch my eye. I have absolutely no focus and Just pay attention to the things I like. I think about all the recipes I can make or the ingredients in the bottle of ketchup. The only thing keeping me from spending all my money there is that I am insanely frugal. I love to weigh the produce and do the math on their price breakdown in my head (here in Canada prices are listed per unit or per pound but the scales are in kg.) and get the best price. Doing the math to figure out which bag of noodles is the best bang for my buck or whether or not its a better deal to buy the hot chocolate or the ingredients to make it at home makes it really fun for me. It's something I feel I have total control over, and when they move things around its a new adventure to find it like a treasure hunt. In the end I reward myself with food.  Thanks for the post. 

Grocery shopping is a problem for me as well. Several times, before medication, I left a half-filled cart in the aisle and walked out of the store. I'm not proud of it, but overwhelming anxiety said "Get out", and I did. 

Now, it's better, but I still avoid going. I, too, try to go at a time when the store is less likely to be crowded. Having a list is important too. I moved recently, so an unfamiliar store is frustrating, and I have to look on the directory to find things. 

Confession: My sister's husband has done all their grocery shopping for 25 years and I am so jealous! (I should put "Find husband" on my list.) 
 I'm in CA. Many supermarkets deliver. Not expensive and totally worth it! I'm relatively new to grocery shopping, so it's still interesting for me, but I'm about three trips from hating it, I think. I hate grocery shopping without a list because I get distracted and forget what I originally went to the store for, and I come home with a bunch of random crap I dont need. I used to have a friend of mine go with me to shop that doesn't have adhd, she'd keep me on tract when i'd start to zone off. My longest shopping excursion ever was spending 2 hours in walmart to buy about 5 items...2 ADHDers together multiplied the distraction [deleted] Interesting.  I don't get anxious - but I frequently get frustrated and angry. I rarely leave in a panic, but I do start verbally eviscerating whoever happens to be within earshot.   Usually the staff.   I often feel bad about it later. 

I mitigate the problem by immediately finding staff when i can't find something.  I keep asking different people until we find what I am looking for.  I think it's just my awkwardness that sucks about it. It's a nightmare at walmart when people come out in front of me or they're too slow or there's just too much noise. too much to handle for me for some reason I just consider walking up the aisles all part of my daily exercise.  I actually like shopping, although it does tend to take a while, and I am better with buying food than anything else because I don't know what the heck I am even doing.  (mostly when buying cloths and makeup)

Anyway for grocery stores it's more the people in it or all those people so close to me near the entrance that bother me more than actually shopping since I just make a path around the whole store.  That way if the store is new to me or changes I already am comfortable with hunting for the one thing I want if I have to.  Bastards, they did that to me too.

I had a very specific list of things but they ran out of pastrami,Xmas lights(red/blue/green), speakers and heat resistant gloves.

I got ripped off on a whole bunch of things.

All the things that I had planned for (if you saw my previous post from the whiteboard) and they were all missing so its even harder/weirder.

That's what organization can't account for.

Damn. I do most of the grocery shopping, and the worst part for me is coming up with the list.  In any case, I use ourgroceries.com, each category is a different isle or area in the store, so when I add an item I know where to look for it, its just setting it up for each new item that's a hassle, but once its done it works well, until the store changes layout, or you decide to go to a different store. sigh
 Grocery shopping and any big stores are huge problems for me as well. I just get overwhelmed and walk around like a zombie implusivly buying whatever seams like a good idea at the time. Lists are the best - as is the farmers market in my town. I love the farmers market, there might be a lot of people but there aren't any junk food ads, impulsive buys, or much packaging. I make a list in my kitchen right before I leave for the market. I keep a fold up cart in the car so thigs dont get heavy. Go to the market every Saturay, eat as soon as I get there so I am not shoping on an empty stomach then run through the list. What ever I can't find at the farm market, I will go to the regular food store to get and the list keeps me from becoming shopping zombie. Saturday afternoon is spent cooking all the veggies so I have ready to eat food during the week. It is a process but it keeps me from comming home with candy, juice and pickles when I really needed eggs milk and apples.  Similarly, I *love* browsing. Not when I'm with other people, then is when I'm in a rush to get everything and get out, but if I'm alone I like to just slowly shuffle around the store picking up and looking at all the most random things.

And when there's no time limit, there's no stress. Take as much or as little time as I want and leave when I want. Of course, have to checkout with self checkout too because that's a blast. It's really the only place where I feel uncomfortable and overwhelmed. I think it's because it's something I HAVE to do, and as a single woman I often do it alone. It's sensory overload: kids running everywhere, elderly people on carts occupying the whole aisle, creepy guys leering at me over the tomatoes. I've never left a cart, but often when I get to checkout I'm frustrated and annoyed. Wow.  I have never heard of anyone else whose anxiety speaks to them the same way that mine does.    Occasionally, I'll get all worked up over something when I'm out, and suddenly a little voice in my head screams 'Getout or get home!' to me and I obey.  I know something bad will happen if I don't.
I totally agree with you on shopping, tool This is a good tip.  I do this almost exact same thing. I go in for a COUPLE of things just to get me by until I'm forced to go again. I almost never grab a basket/cart because they gross me out so badly. If I absolutely have to, I first wipe it down sanitizing wipes like a psycho for 10 min. Anyways, instead of going back for a cart, I readjust and look like an ass hole balancing or at least trying to balance my groceries until i can make it out of there. I'm a 5'4 105 lb female. Employees will offer to get me a cart and I'm just like "I'm good, thanks" Plus, I don't want to have to make multiple trips to my 3rd floor apartment. This way I can judge maximum capacity ;) I live in a state where our aisles are filled to the brim with old people on scooters (guess which one). It's not a place I like to hang around in for very long. I feel exactly the same way! And with ADHD the stimulation of so many products glowing at you is overwhelming. I've moved though and now go to local shops for my groceries! There's small produce stores where I pickup all my local fresh veggies (it's so much cheaper than going to a big box store) and if I need anything that cannot be bought there I do a short trip to the big stores!  It's much better and if you can go during the week too (Tuesday during the day for example) or else weeknights, it's DEAD quiet! 

Good luck :)

Also there is http://eatthismuch.com which creates meal plans for you! If you're looking for an easy way to create shopping lists / meals etc.  Going later at night eliminates some of the stressors. Yes, being single means we have to do everything or it doesn't get done. I guess a husband or partner would help, but money would allow me to hire someone to do it for me; ha! What's the possibility of either happening?

Leering? Hasn't happened to me; maybe I'd like it! Guess I'll have to try a different time to shop.  Mississippi? Yeah sounds like you have a lot anxiety. That is pretty common in ADHD. I prefer to shop after midnight. Good tip, I also prefer to shop early in the morning. I'm sure after midnight it's less busy but at the store opening it's pretty calm too. 