Finally Got Meds!!! I made a post a month or two ago about the struggle of finding a GP or a psychiatrist that could help me get diagnosed and was also accepting new patients. Well finally, I found someone in Seattle and he's a psychiatrist who has ADHD himself and specializes in ADHD. And they're in network for my insurance so I only have to pay 40%. The first session was about 40 minutes long and he's a really nice guy, chubby with a beard and glasses, had a collection of wooden pipes, and the way he diagnosed me was really straightforward. He basically kind of did a stand up act where he talked about what its like to have ADHD in everyday situations and I would laugh because Haha! Relatable!! And he was very very knowledgeable on the subject. So just by my reactions and comments he knew I have ADHD. So I was very very thankful I found this place because they moved very quickly with helping me. After that 40 minute session I took the QB test and then went home. 

Then I went to my next appointment 3 days later with the assistant guy and talked to him and we went over my QB results and a questionnaire I filled out. The questionnaire is not based on the DSM-5  solely, but is also based off more relatable symptoms of ADHD, so if anyone wants a copy of that, I scanned it and can show it to you because it's very clear cut and tells you if you have ADHD or not. Not like the lame test on totallyadd.com. Anyways, it was a short 20 minute followup where he said they would start me off on Ritalin generic IR just to find the right dosing. 5mg, then 10mg, then 15mg.

I WAS SO EXCITED. I've never had any stimulant drug and was finally going to experience what it's like to be able to focus and get things done. So I'm keeping a journal and writing down how the different doses effect me. The first day I took 5mg and it basically just made me tired. I had only gotten 4hrs of sleep that night, so it made me really really tired but I waited until night to fall asleep. The next day was 2 doses of 5mg and this time I felt some more effects, but also drowsy a couple hours into the dose. Third day is 3 doses of 5mg and basically the same. I did start on new tasks and made progress, but sometimes the drowsiness outweighed the focus.

Today however. Hehehe(: Today I got to take 2 doses of 10mg and hot damn I got a lot done today and the day is not even over! This time the focus outweighs the drowsiness and I can easily layout tasks in my mind and get them done in the order that I want to do them. Never been able to do that before without a lotttt of effort. He said if I don't like any of the side effects or if I get bad side effects, we can go through the list and try adderall and vyvanse and whatnot. The drowsiness is kind of annoying because I got 10 hrs of sleep and then feel like I can take a nap 2 hours into the dose. 

But anyways I just wanted to check in with you guys because I'm so happy I finally have treatment and its already helping me tremendously. Like I feel the possibilities opening up in front of me already. I don't feel stuck anymore and I don't worry nearly as much and I'm just overall in a better mood and more productive. 

TL;DR
Finally found a psychiatrist in Seattle and got prescribed Ritalin IR to find the right dosage and boy oh boy it kicked in today and I couldn't be happier.  Congratulations on finding a psychiatrist  with ADHD - my therapist has ADHD, and the fact that we can understand each other is so helpful. Hopefully you will get more sessions with him; there is a lot to learn! I grew up with ADHD which progressed into adult ADHD. One of the comorbid conditions that I struggle with is depression, so my doctor put me on Welbutrin. I'm up to 150mg in the morning and at night. I don't really feel like it's helping though. I feel fatigued, and I have been unable to get anything done the past few weeks because I always feel so tired. I want to try Ritalin again, it worked for me as a kid. I'm just tired of feeling like I can't get anything done and feeling drained.  Awesome! The diagnostician who worked w/me (my therapist sent me when she suspected I might have it) also had ADHD and she was great - we had a lot of fun. I'm on Adderall XR, up to 30mg. It's life changing.  Make sure to eat, drink and move a lot! Those three are the main reasons for grogginess on methylphenidate from what I gather on these forums.

Either too little water, no sleep or no movement. Even though I'm not on meds yet taking a walk for 10-15 minutes  really seems to wake me up for at least 2 hours.

Good luck! The way he put it is ADHD people can understand the way neurotypicals think but neurotypicals will never understand how people with ADHD think.  So it really helps to have your psychiatrist understand exactly where you're coming from. Are you on any stimulants as well?
 Did you try any others or just Adderall? Any side effects? I'm not enjoying the tiredness Ritalin is giving me... Are you also in Seattle?  Can you refer a psychiatrist? Thank you!! That helps me! Yeah now that I think back, when I'm up and moving I'm not tired, but then when I sit down for more than thirty minutes, drowsiness slowly sets in and it gets harder and harder to get up and shake it out. I've made sure to keep my water intake up. And Ritalin actually helps me sleep so that's good I guess haha.  No, I'm only on Welbutrin. Nah, I'm lucky I guess. So far, Adderall is my happy spot. Fingers crossed it stays that way.

No side effects other than a slight loss of appetite, which is fine. That's awesome! Glad I could be of some help! Oh well jeez yeah try to get on Ritalin then for sure if that worked for you. Personally, I had mild depression everyday and that lifted the first day I was on Ritalin. Probably because all the brain fog and distractions lifted away from me and for the first time I felt like I could actually make progress towards my goals.  