My super cool startup office is an ADHD nightmare. Tips + resources? I went straight from college to my dream job. The office has a beer tap, stadium seats for full-team meetings, and an open-office layout with four-person work tables. It's a cool space, but it's basically the worst possible layout for an ADHD-er. We have the option to work remotely, but I've found it's WAY easier to get off track at home, even without the distractions of the office.

I use headphones and white noise to keep from jumping into every conversation around me; I'm responsible for keeping track of my hours per project which helps with accountability; I use [Trello](https://trello.com/) to remind myself of deadlines; I take constant notes during meetings to try to stay engaged; but the day-to-day struggle is still wearing me out. Maybe I need to ask my doc about upping my dosage, but in the meantime, any tips or resources would be greatly appreciated!!

TL;DR: Open office, need help managing Maybe talk to your manager about some reasonable accommodations. Reasonably you're not going to get your own office, but they might be willing to get some privacy screens. Then, you could set up a non-chaotic environment in one of the corners. Alternatively, if there is a conference room or something, maybe ask if it could be a "quiet space" when its not in use for meetings. Multiple people can use the space for working in silence and all discussions occur in the main open space. 

Approach the conversation as something that will be of mutual benefit to both the company and yourself. You want to be successful in your job, and they want you to be successful in your job because they want the company to be successful. 
 That office sounds AMAZING!!! I'm so jealous. But I can imagine it would be very hard to work in that environment.

For me, I focus best very early in the morning. Can you choose your own hours? Maybe you can come in early or late when not so many people are there. 

That's the only thing I can suggest on top of what you are already doing.  I suspect that more people than you think are actually bothered by the office environment. Even for people without ADHD, that sort of environment is very challenging. In one office that I worked in, they instituted quiet hours where any collaborative work had to be done in a conference space. I think the policies there for when people could play music out loud changed over time.

I strongly recommend you talk to your manager and possibly to the people around you. Even if you don't frame it as accommodations for ADHD but just as "the office is distracting".

One tool I've used in the past when I had to track hours for projects is the [Emergent Time Tracker](http://davidseah.com/node/the-emergent-task-timer/). Basically it's a scantron-like thing with bubbles - you list your projects or tasks down the side, and then every 15 minutes you fill in a bubble for what you're working on.

You might also find some success with the Pomodoro method. I work at a small tech agency in Portland, same kind of deal. No beer tap but we have a cold brew tap... 

Our 4-person staions have one side against a wall and I insist on sitting near a wall and then I kinda build a barrier pn the non wall side using my monitor and some books. It's not ideal, but better than the edge seat. My bigger problem are too many coworkers sitting in yelling distance asking me too many questions. Definitely talk to management about getting a "heads down" space of some sort. I work for a company that actually sells one of the big three office furniture brands, and even the brand is moving to a less open and more flexible office!

(Fuck it: The brand is Herman Miller, they've actually started moving from "open office" to what they call "Living Office", which makes things more adaptable for a variety of work-types, and acknowledges the need for quiet, still spaces.)

Alternatively, if possible at your work... Move around a bit. When you notice you're getting distracted, get up and work in another part of the office. So far it's worked pretty well for me! Seconding the recommendation to ask for a quiet space.  Even if you can have a little cubicle of your own I imagine it would help a lot. 