Have you ever tried to explain to people how your brain works? So I'm 23, and going through a bit of a life overhaul. Trying to figure some things out, so hang with me please! 

Have you ever attempted to just try to tell somehow how your brain works? Like a friend, or SO? And by tell, just to paint a nice and simple picture for them. "I can do this, and I cannot do this" just flat out. 

For instance, when playing a game, I have a friend who wants to help me 'learn the level layout' which would be cool - minus the fact that him simply talking takes away my focus of trying to remember the layout, and I can't actually remember the layout by him telling me (one ear, out the other, just won't work. Sure you understand ;) ) But he still insists on explaining things to me, and trying to 'direct' me when I'm trying to find something on the map (even though I'll memorize it myself once I run around it a few times!) It got so annoying, I just really wanted to leave. Things like this happen a lot though with me.

What do you think?  [deleted] I'm pretty good at explaining things, and I haven't found a simple way to explain it. Personally I don't think it's possible to sum up the whole thing in one shot, it's simply too complex (although some people here have done a good job). That being said, when I *ahem* partake of trees with a close friend, it's a relaxed, philosophical atmosphere. There, I'm more analytical, and find it works to describe different aspects in small chunks over a long period of time. So, no, I haven't simply laid it out for anyone, but if someone is willing to chill out and listen enough times, they get a better sense of it. Good question.  I have several ways of my own:

"Imagine your brain is filled with neatly coiled computer cables.  These computer cables are thoughts and you can easily select one whenever you need it.  My computer cables, however, are all knotted and tangled up.  I have to individually go in and separate each and every thought."

Or:

"ADHD is a deficit in the brain in which certain hormones receptors - like dopamine - are 'broken'.  This makes us 'understimulated', and therefore our minds need to work harder to keep us awake.  Hence the distractedness and hyperactivity."

(Read [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/16joxj/people_with_adhd_what_adhd_is_like_how_does/c7wnp37) beautiful post as well)

And one of my personal favorites:

"It's like someone is sitting there snapping their fingers in your face 24/7... It's fucking distracting!" I don't anymore. The reply "everyone gets like that!" makes me too angry to deal with anymore. When I'm trying to talk, and things aren't coming out right, I explain as first, my brain gets hit with not just an idea, but an entire concept. THEN I have to convert just the small, relevant piece of that to English.  When trying to concentrate on something: "Imagine 20 radio stations playing at once. All at the same time. You're trying to focus on one. It's hard to hear over the other ones. Not only that, but frequently, you'll hear something on one of the other ones you want to listen to.. so you do it! Then you REALIZE what you've done. And spend 15 minutes trying to tune back into that station... All while the other ones are still playing." > My mind moves fast. 

Going deeper than that it difficult to define easily.


My psychiatrist theorized that I set many small fires around me to keep the large fire at bay. What this means is that I give myself a lot of work at all time because I can't have a single large focus.  [deleted] I explain myself as such my brain and more specifically my memory are soup. Everything is jammed into my brain at once and my brain darts around without settling on anything. Random things surface through loose connections. On the flip side of the coin I hyper focus on the things I am passionate about like video games reading etc.. People don't seem to understand just how hard it is for me to grasp my short term memory. Its such a frustrating thing to try to explain. I draw it akin to explaining color to a blind person no matter how hard you try you cant see my brain Someone:  "What's it like inside your head?"  
Me:  "Something like this:"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRM1S6Jno8A&feature=youtube_gdata_player Lmao. That is awesome. I love you. It is so true. We just default to whatever sounds good. X-box, masturbation, food, sleep. Haha :P  you're not alone! Thanks for your reply! I also partake in such activities (helps soothe, and slow down the chaos). I've had some luck, with talking about other things in this environment, but as far as my own ADHD goes, I haven't really tried it. I think i'd have to spend some time on trying to figure out the right words before even approaching the matter. 
 Haha, thank you for your reply! Thebananaking's post was actually the post that made me want to finally sign up for reddit. That is an absolutely brilliant explanation.

A lot of issues stem from people not even knowing what ADHD is themselves. I think we should really work on having its name changed. There is a big difference between "hyperactivity" and "my brain doesn't process information like yours" You know? So complicated!  I've started to feel this sense of disconnect over it. 
Kinda like no one will get it  - but it does effect my life 
On a daily basis.  
Starting to feel it maybe beneficial to just alienate myself lol.  I'm starting to feel like it isn't worth trying to explain it to anyone. Though because of my personality type, this would ultimately me excluding myself from most human interaction. Kinda depressing. Still trying to come to terms with it. :P  Your head must be crazy!  It's true.  As Dr. Russel Barkely says, ADHD is a very weak name for a very strong disorder. Ha! Well it is what it is.   The album above has lots of seeming random shit layered on top of each other.   One theme flows into the next, lots of shit is happening that is distracting.   

But there is a cool, comfortable groove to it that just seems to happily beebop along.  Absolutely! And I have watched his entire speech on youtube. Both of em actually (one was long, the other was broken up). How I came to find out so many things. Also he didn't try to make it seem like it'd all be okay at all. None of that "It's a gift" stuff, he put it very simple, and very real. "You have a problem, and it is not helping you. You may have talents, but ADHD did not cause them. It is hindering you". I wish they'd made it seem more real when I was younger. It was like "Hey, you have ADHD, and we need to fix you!" not "Lets help you learn how to work around your problem" Blah. School systems! :P
 Tell me about it.  They pretend like they care, but they really don't. 