Looking for sources of credible and specific information about what a person with ADHD can expect from Adderall from their first post forward. I still have no idea what kind of results a person with ADHD can expect from Adderall over any sort of timeline.  I am still new to it and although I definitely feel different, I have no idea if it is working for me, or not, or even if I have been taking it for long enough to even guess what the normal day to day results to be.  On top of that, I have nothing to base whether I can assume what I am feeling now or will feel tomorrow is anything like what I can expect to feel next month or next year.  

I have been searching for more information and/or a timeline layout for expected effects and side effects of Adderall all day, but so far I have only seen either doom-and-gloom anti-medicine scaremongering, sparse non-specific technical facts that only gloss over what to expect from amphetamines in general, tidbits on how people without ADHD use it for off-label uses, or personal anecdotes on what specific drug a person felt worked or didn't work for them and/or why they wish they had something else but with no solid details of any use.  

Do any of you know of any sites that specifically address what an ADHD affected person should expect Adderall to do for them, or when to expect it to kick in after taking a dose, or how long they have to take it before they see what the common results will be?  Or even what those specific common results are in detail?  

Honestly, I could easily find this information on just about any other drug (including hard-core street junk) in about five minutes; but, with controlled pharmaceuticals it just seems like everyone is too afraid of saying too much to give any specific information to the end user who has both ADHD and a valid prescription for Adderall.
 It works for everyone differently and a lot of people abuse it who do not need it so it's hard to find the right information. Some people take months and trialing different medication to find the best fit. Also, how exactly do you "feel different?"

Generally the first few times you take it you also have the added euphoria. My medication works and the best way I could describe it is that I feel exactly the same, but more myself. I am not at all a different person, but I can control my thoughts/focus more. 

It's pretty subtle for me. Adderall doesn't give you superpowers. It's not gonna make you do boring things, but it'll give you the attention span to do them. So try noticing if you have that ability to maintain focus.

Maybe try mediating? When I meditate on Adderall vs. unmedicated, it is a night and day difference. That would make it easier to notice if it's working. "first post forward" should be "first dose forward" Well, I guess I feel different in that added euphoria way you described; while also being less overly-talkative than before, less interruptive, and not as easily distracted by every little thing around me.  On top of that, I feel like the non-stop rapid-fire nonsense, disjointed memories of past mistakes, and self-ridicule over past missed opportunities that had previously my internal monologue has been dramatically reduced to just a few far-more-reasonable thoughts at a time.  

In general, I feel calmer, happier, and less quick to "go off" when something I see or hear doesn't fit the norm.

That being said, I am still having issues keeping to schedules I have set for myself even for things I enjoy, still having issues remembering important things over meaningless things, still driven to distraction, still not keeping to achieving goals or even keeping up with my daily standard organizational methods for prioritizing things I need to do, and the like.  

Just to be clear, this is only my 3rd day on a full dose regimen (3x 10mg spaced out over the day) so I guess I am kind of trying to find out what I can actually and realistically expect going forward more than anything else, and that is the thing I am not finding in the research I have done so far.  

My normal SOP is to avoid going into situations without having a working knowledge of exactly what I am looking to get, do or find when I get there; so I think I am just nervous that this is so unknown and undefined when it comes to realistic expectations of results.

I will try the meditation angle today, and again every few days going forward, to see if I have better results doing so than I have in the past.  That is a very good idea and an easily measurable way to gauge my progress over time. 

Thanks for the response!

 You're welcome! Very similar to how it makes me feel and questions I had when first starting. Most of our behaviors are a result of our habits. Even though you feel calmer and more focused, you still have years of undiagnosed ADD that has influenced how you think and behave. Medication and behavior therapy works wonders together.

I still struggle with it myself. I feel great on Adderall, but I struggle keeping on on my organizational systems. It helps to find some system that works for you in your life. If you're into videos, this YouTube Channel has helped me alot understanding how my brain works and developing systems that work for me:

[https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-nPM1\_kSZf91ZGkcgy\_95Q](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-nPM1_kSZf91ZGkcgy_95Q) Thanks for the channel, I will check it out!

The good news for me is that before becoming officially diagnosed and properly medicated, I spent around two years trying to address the issues with CBT and diet/exercise with a previous therapist.  Although those two therapies were only slightly better than useless when addressing ADHD unmedicated for me (I had one of those therapists who hated pharmaceutical treatments and who said shit like "Don't worry about labeling things, it gives them power!" and other such nonsense) that accumulated knowledge will most likely be very helpful going forward with the help I am hoping to see as I progress with this treatment.

One other thing, just about how long would you say it took for you from the time you started taking full doses of your current meds to the time you would say they full-on "kicked in" (started working 100%) for you?  Maybe this is impossible to accurately describe since it is subtle like you said, but could you ball-park it (days, weeks or months)?

It sucks that we all have to deal with this disorder, but at least we have brought together here what seems to be a very helpful community to help each other get through it.  Thanks again! 