How to make uninteresting content bearable? Even with medication I am still struggling to maintain focus. I'm taking a practice test and with each question that I answer I get so exhausted after 5 or 6 questions and this practice test is 100 questions. I have to constantly practice taking these practice tests not because I'm unfamiliar with the content but to build/maintain stamina for when the real test comes. Retaining information and putting it from working memory into long term memory is a whole another struggle and a different story for another time. The point is, these practice tests don't feel like they are getting any easier. Why the hell does my brain have the stamina of a 80 year old grandpa when I'm only 24? Sometimes I feel like it would just be easier to rollover and give up and just play video games, but I know if I do that my long term future layout is going to be completely screwed if I do something like that. This is my second to last chance since if I give up here I still have a GI bill I can use, but I don't want it to come to that point. I need to become strong now and I just don't see how it's possible... Do you know how you do at the actual tests? I was always better at the real thing because there was an unavoidable deadline for those. The pressure helped immensely to let me focus in the moment. Practice tests I could always do 'later' and those were a lot harder.

There are things you could try to 'gamify' it a little for yourself. Like give yourself 30 minutes, see how many questions you can answer, do the same thing again tomorrow and try to beat your score. 
Or work the other way around and aim for your best time for 10 questions.

Even if things like that work for 2 days and you get bored with it after, at least it's 2 more tries. I really wish I had a better answer, but stuff like that pretty much just sucks. 

For the retaining information, repetition helps, if you can find talks about the same topics on Youtube, the English Open University, Khan etc, watching those might help you. It's still the same information, but presented in a new way, which could make it more bearable to go over it again and again. 

 