Recently looked into the symptoms of ADHD for the first time, my whole life makes sense, it's a bit of a read but I think heaps of you guys can relate and I'd appreciate the support as only just realised I could have it. thnx. Male, 19.

This is going to be a long one so I apologize in advance.

Note: I never knew what ADHD was as no one close to me suffered from it, so I never had the knowledge to be able to link my symptoms (which I never knew were symptoms) with ADHD.

Before I get into my story I’d like to explain how I came to link my symptoms with ADHD. About a month ago I had a spur of motivation where I decided I wanted to research the life of Stephan Hawking (which lasted a night lol), and I was watching a video on ALS; the condition Stephan has. Before the video ended I got distracted by a suggested video that was something about ADHD. Since then my free time has basically been researching ADHD, and reading this thread daily to re-live that feeling when I realised that I wasn’t alone.

Piano-

So first off I’ve played piano by ear since I was a young child (then YouTube when I grew older. Not being cocky but I have a talent for it, a “gift” my family calls it. I learnt Mozart at 11 and so on. Here’s the thing, not one song that I have learnt in my life I am able to play all the way through. Family has always been asking me why you don’t learn the rest and my answer was always; “I dunno.” Now I know. 

(I play daily)

I learn, let’s say, half a song then I’d come across another song that would inspire me, and I’d have all this motivation to be able to sit and play for hours when not sitting at the piano. This motivation and love I know I have deep down for music and piano grows the longer I don’t play (when I’m busy I mightn’t play for a few days) and I wouldn’t be at home anywhere near the piano and I would watch a piano piece and all that love I have for it comes back, and I get to the piano then nothing. I remember being a kid and playing hours on hours, having this fire inside me wanting to be able to play it. It’s been getting worse and worse since going through puberty into a young adult, and now it’s to the point where all I do now is play a few of the part of songs that I know, maybe a few of my favourites and after about 5/10 minutes I get bored and just walk away. I have a tattoo on my chest of my skin being ripped
open and music notes coming out of my heart past red and ribs. I just want the motivation and passion I know I have back.

Schooling-

I graduated Grade 12 in 2014. My whole schooling life for me was nothing but teachers constantly reminding me to stay on task and pay attention. I was on C’s all through high school so I was always passing, and I knew I was so much more capable than that; however I put it down to me not learning the same way they teach in the education system (which is still partly true.) 

When I read no matter what it is unless I ultra-focus, as in consciously focus on not getting distracted which is just me locking my eyes onto each word and reading in sort of blocky way instead of my eyes flowing across the lines like they should. I am still able to; just my mind wanders way easier. Also it rarely happens and normally after prolonged reading my brain would sort of just stop working I guess and the line I’m on would just turn to meaningless symbols, and I shake my head close my eyes and refocus and it goes back to normal (so I guess it would happen more if I read more but never have the motivation to last more than a page which is a shame because I loved reading books as a kid)

Social interactions-

I am extremely confident, maybe even extrovert. When having conversations with anyone that I am not comfortable around (customers, meeting old people especially, clients and new people in general) the conversation on my end sounds completely normal but in my head I’m more anxious about what I’m saying than actually taking in and enjoying the conversation. I’m not confident in these I am just good at pretending to be and following a social interaction structure that I guess my brain has mastered to be quick witted when saying what needs to be said to result in flowing, attempted, non-awkward interactions.

Another one is my listening. I would be looking at someone in the eye and they’ll say something to me, and I would miss it; “what?” miss it again; “sorry what?” It gets embarrassing the 3rd or 4th time. 





Jobs- 

The only job I’ve been able to hold competently is when I was working at McDonalds through high school, because there were no listening skills involved. There were set procedures and any time I didn’t know something I would ask my crew around me and I would be fine. I learnt by watching, which is my forte no matter what aspect of life it is. I’m a practical learner. All other jobs have been trade jobs, where I knew nothing and there was a superior above me who I was working with, and in a trade it is nothing but lists of tasks being thrown at me, whether it was fetching tools from the truck, or a list of jobs. I would go to the truck with a mental list of 4 tools, and only come back with 2 or 3. I would have the set of tasks to do, and would be ¾ way through the first task, and something may distract me, and then it’d be a snowball of distractions that genuinely just all round fuck me up. 

Currently I’ve been Concreting since December last year and the works been patchy, and my Dad’s been constantly on me about getting a more consistent job since and I’ve had no motivation to look for another job. It’s not that I’m lazy and don’t want to work, I’m a concreter in Australia and thoroughly enjoy the work. Each morning I wake up feeling bad and feeling motivated to go out and find a better job that afternoon but it comes to doing it and nothing.


Fidgeting-

I have calluses on the inside of my pointer finger knuckle on each hand from rolling the skin with my thumb. Also, I have calluses on my skin palm side of the joint closest to your nails from continuously rolling the skin there as well. Also whenever sitting down I’m fidgeting with my big and second toe swapping resulting in another callus. 

Last night, I finally built up the courage to talk to my Dad first to go to the doctor. At first he said I’m looking for an excuse for lack of motivation, but I bought up a list of ADHD symptoms, and after a couple of minutes of reading, looks up and me and gives me the look of understanding. Anyway we have a big talk longer than this post and my whole life (It’s impossible to put in my words how strong my symptoms are, it’s a daily problem that’s effecting my life.) 
After the talk I hug my Dad we get up and he asked me to put a tire from the shed under the bird cage. (Layout: shed 10 meters to the left of us, bird cage 10 metres straight ahead of us and our chook pen about 20 metres on the other side of the yard. I grab the tire, walk past the bird cage and place it next to the chook pen and go to walk back past my Dad to go inside. Remember the only words since the talk were him asking me to do this task, he stops me and looks at me off; “Is something wrong?” then looking at where I placed the tire, I look at it then back at him and reply “I didn’t just do it then did I?” He replies “You’ve got to be taking the piss” 

I lose it. “I’m not fucking taking the piss.” Anger runs through me, I start crying from frustration, from feeling stupid; I pick up the car tire walk back half way and throw the tire the rest into the correct position and storm off leaving my Dad dumbfounded.

So that’s my story any comments of support or anything would be appreciate.

TL;DR I feel I have ADHD, terrible attention my whole life, only recently looked into the symptoms of ADHD, matches me to a T. Getting tested in the near future.


EDIT: Thinking about medication, any positive/negative experiences, would like advice from real people not just doctors...thanks. :)

EDIT 2: Consultation with my Psychiatrist is tomorrow! Wish me luck!! :D :P I've been going through something similar. I already knew I had ADHD.  I was aware of some symptoms and there were some where I thought "is that an ADHD thing?" But I had a project to do on mental disabilities and I also found this sub. Now so many things make sense.  I lost focus at "this will be a long one" I'm sure its a great post though!

Edit: Thank god for TL;DR's Same age, exact same symptoms. It's almost weird how much I can relate... My advice would be don't be ashamed any of this. Be completely honest with the doctor, they are trying to work with you to aid your journey. For me personally there was a lot of trial and error with a few different brands of drugs. If they put you on something and you don't feel like it's working, don't be hesitant to let your doctor know. It took around 3 months of experimenting for my doctor and I to find the prescription that works for me so patience and communication is key. Be aware of the side effects, none of them are life threatening but for some people it's a tough adjustment. You just have to be ready to make a life style change if it's necessary. For me, my prescription causes sleeping and appetite problems. I had to drastically change my life style to accommodate but I am living a much better life because of all of it. Yeah I know what you mean, except I look back on past experiences and think oh because I have ADHD that's why. How long have you had an idea or have you always kind of know? Because for me it's like a light being turned on and everything makes sense  Words can't explain how relieved I am to have figure myself out finally have answers I never had any idea...do you have the experience to be able to voice your opinion on medicating because I'm thinking about medication but want real opinions from people who have suffered and taken it not sone shrink giving me a bottle and wishing me luck... I was in a bit of a paradox writing this...wanting to tell the people who understand so much but those same people...well you know haha but that's why we have TL;DR hey :p Thanks man... I'm not really ashamed but I don't know how I feel about the "real" me not being good enough and needing medication...but I dunno, I'll take your advice and be sure to communicate heaps, I'll be watching addiction too; do not want that... I was diagnosed at about the beginning of middle school. I had an IEP, but I still had just a vague idea about the symptoms. I knew about distraction, procrastination, hyperactivity, aggressiveness, and difficulty following directions as symptoms, but they still kind of felt like just dirt of thing about me, rather than ADHD symptoms. I also really like the way my mind wanders, but it doesn't as much anymore and I'm a little less creative. It wasn't until recently that I found out that other symptoms included rambling, memory problems, needing people to repeat what they say and a bunch of other were symptoms. I had a feeling they were, but I wasn't exactly sure. Now it seems as if all my problems are symptoms of ADHD.  For me it was when my doctor wanted my mom to go get me tested for it, we didn't do that because she didn't want me on medication. Since that day until the time I got diagnosed I always looked back on the things I've fucked up, all the way from middle school when I failed my first class, and sophomore year of high school when my grades started dropping. If my doctor never said anything about that I probably wouldn't have went and got diagnosed ever. My mom had always told me that I just don't apply myself enough, which I had always assumed she's right in just lazy as shit. Well I'm not lazy I just have a difficult time doing certain tasks for an extended period. Currently unmedicated but i have tried ritalin from a friend. (Which you should not do) talk to a psychiatrist about this, and discuss with him. If I were to get medicated I would only take whenever I need it since I have proven to myself I could get this far without it. You could also try and have a psychiatrist help you counter the things you perceive as a negative impact on yourself. Ahaha true :p I got sucked in by how relatable everything was but normally I just skim over a post and read the tldr ^^ Don't be scared though. You've already hit the lowest point of the journey. Everything from here on is where things start to get better. I was always so against seeing professional help with a lot of aspects of my life but after recently opening up to it, I wish I had before. It really helps.  Yeah wow that's crazy, my mind does nothing but wander I reminisce to when I was a kid and I could sit and think about something but that hasn't happened in so long I dunno if my memory's are memorys or just imagination.... confusing hey haha

thinking of medicating or screw that? I have no snappy out of control aggression I get more mood swings similar to a normal person but nothing behaviourly crazy, only other one that I didn't match was event planning which I'm fine at Update: Seeing doctor next week! Dad and I filled Mum in about it all yesterday, opportunity for a full time Job in the new year (I've had inconsistent work this past year and my motivation has hindered me from looking for another job.) But things are looking up and I'm excited!  Excellent! Pm me if you need anything else man. I'm here to talk. Goodluck! Good on you mate cheers. :D 