Favorite To-Do / Reminder App for Android? (x-post from /r/androidapps) I got the app "2Do" on a FAOTD from Amazon but I'm wondering if there's something better out there?  I guess what I don't like is the clunkiness with setting reminders fpr tasks and reoccuring tasks; reoccuring is somewhat limited, in my opinion.  The features I'm looking for essentially duplicate what MS Outlook can do, but I need it to be mobile and a better interface than what I get with the "Good" app (which is what my company uses to get email on our phones).

Just wondering what you all have used that you like.  Thanks!! I've used almost everything at this point. For basic personal reminders I use To Do Reminder by AppBuddies and for work reminders I use Any.Do which also has an online component that is always sync'd. Both can be found on the Google Play store. I also use Google Keep for longer lists with a reminder for personal use and Evernote for work and personal lists and notes also with a reminder function. I would actually say that Evernote has changed my life to some degree. I haven't used a paper notebook in a year. All of the above are free also. I want to try Tasker but it is a paid app. Let me know how you do,  I've tried just about everything else so feel free to ask. I'm using Wunderlist since 2 months and it's really helpful - Easy layout, multiple lists, ability to share, add comments, due dates, reoccuring reminders, etc..  it's worth trying ..

And I actually share my list with a friend who is really supportive and helps me to organise when needed..  Timetune. It's more of a schedule app than a to-do, but I found it randomly and am in love.  I'm using Google Keep for lists and random to-do's. It's quite easy to use and sometimes I even remember to check it!  Google Now/Google Keep.

I really don't need anything else. Getting a smartphone made my life sooo much easier. Whenever I need to do something, I just say "Okay Google, remind me at time/location" and I will get a reminder on all of my devices to do said tasks.

Recurring tasks are also possible.

Whenever I need to take the bus/train, Google Now actually tells me, when I need to leave the house, to get my train on time. 

Other than that ... I use an Pomodoro timer for housekeeping and learning.  FYI Tasker is not a to-do list. It's a way to automate certain stuff on your phone. It's very powerful and you *could* use it for scheduling and reminders, but it has a steep learning curve and it's not going to just help you organize right off the bat. I've started using this myself. I find it very useful to be able to access Wunderlist on my desktop and phone. I like the clutter free interface too.  Not OP, but this is exactly what I've been looking for! Thank you!  Oh that's right, my bad. I actually use IFTTT (IF this then that) which is a free app instead of Tasker. It's very cool stuff, definitely not a to-do list; I'd file it under "efficiency"  IKR??? I've been looking for something like this for a million years and just found it I know this is an old thread, but if you're in the US (or select other countries) and you want Tasker (or any paid app), but don't actually want to pay for it, check out Google Opinion Rewards. They send short surveys to your phone and you get Play store credit for answering them. > Google Opinion Rewards

Cool thanks, I'll check it out. 