ADA help for my work situation? (see also: open offices suck) :( **TL;DR -- tips or tricks for using ADA guidelines to my advantage to combat a shitty office situation so I can finally focus on my work?**

Long version (sorry in advance for the length) -- about two years ago, my office decided to implement a more open office layout not because they think it will be more conducive to productivity, but because they're willing to jump on board any gimmick train that comes by because they value "looking cool" over anything that actually works. (There was also a lot of drama stemming from the fact that not every team works well in open offices and doesn't do "collaborative" work, but our feedback was completely ignored. For the more collaborative teams, I can see the appeal, but my team is not one of them.) While the revamp was going on, my team was permitted to work from home. 

Guys, I have never been so productive. I freaking LOVE working from home. I definitely had periods of losing motivation and getting distracted by TV, books, the internet, etc., but when I was "on" and really into what I was doing, I was able to tap into my hyperfocus so much easier, I could switch from task to task as I needed to, I wasn't distracted and interrupted by random coworkers dropping by and talking to me while I was in deep concentration...it was pure bliss.

Then came the time to move back in. Initially, it went ok -- the VP of my department is awesome and implemented a work-from-home-Fridays policy because he recognizes how productive we are when we can work away from the office. We implemented etiquette rules to maintain reasonable quiet (since we all read for a living, this is pretty necessary). The other team that shares our area was fairly considerate. 

But lately, two years after the redesign, that consideration from the other team has been slipping to the point where they just have full-ass conversations from the other side of the wall that divides us (up to and including putting their phones on speaker for no reason). My boss has said something to them, but it only helps for like a week. There is NO sound dampening. We can hear some of the other, more collaborative teams from down the hall very clearly because sound carries because there are NO WALLS. Coworkers waltz right up to my desk and just START TALKING without checking first to see if I'm in the middle of something, and it's so freaking hard for me to get back into something after my concentration has been broken. I've said something to the worst offenders, but to no avail.

The "do not disturb" flag I put up when I'm knee-deep in work doesn't help. The closed-channel headphones and white noise I use to tune out auditory distractions don't help. I can't leave my desk and go work somewhere else because I have a 27" iMac desktop computer, and I'm not going to haul that all over the building. (Rumor has it that the laptop I asked IT for is coming, as my desktop was due for an upgrade anyway, so that will be very helpful.) Our HR department is a joke and plays favorites, and I am not a favorite. Basically, it's devolved into pure hell on earth for someone with very low tolerance for visual and auditory distractions, and my anxiety has definitely spiked as a result of anticipating getting distracted all the time and feeling like there's nothing I can do to change it.

**So congratulations for reading my bitching for this long, and here are my questions:** 

1) Are there guidelines under the Americans with Disabilities Act that would help me? 
2) I know that my workplace *has* to be compliant and provide "reasonable accommodations" for those with disabilities, but how reasonable would it be for me to request more frequent work-from-home days? Or at least be able to go to a coffee shop or library or something nearby so I can easily come back if my coworkers legitimately need me for something? 
3a) How do I get my ADD (predominantly inattentive) classified as a disability? 
3b)What are the pros/cons of doing so? 
4) What are my options if my workplace turns me down? I was in the same boat as you for a VERY long time. I feel you; it's horrendous. I can't speak to the ADA accomodations, but have you tried having a 1:1 with your manager and laying things out? 

Create a pitch—e.g., "it's becoming harder and harder for me to find the heads-down time I need to get my work done in the office. I'm a productive person in the right environment, and I'm afraid that the distractions around my immediate work area have gotten to a point where I'm not able to produce the high-quality work I'm capable of and that the biz deserves. To try to get things back on track, could we try a WFH schedule for a month and see how it goes?" 

Maybe you do a Thursday-Friday WFH schedule. Or a Tuesday-Wednesday. Figure out what you need and all for it. You may also ask if you could move to a corner or get a partition to cut down on distractions while you're in the office. I wouldn't be surprised if your manager gave it a go on a trial basis. After all, they want you there, they want you contributing, and it's in everyone's best interest to help you get what you need in order to do your best work.

Naturally, you'll need to wow them if they give you that kind of leeway, but I doubt that will be hard, given all the peace and quiet working time you'll score!

In the last five years, overhead lights, visual distractions, and chatty neighbors in open office layouts could have destroyed me. Instead, I've sucked up my pride and have been the squeaky wheel in *every* office, blaming my distractibility largely on the fact that "I'm a creative!" and then justifying what I only imagine are seen as irking requests by producing absolutely top-notch work in return. 

Yes, I do need two over-the-desk leaves to block the florescent lights. Yes, I do need to bring in my homemade partition to prevent seeing my neighbor fidget out of the corner of my eye. Yes, I did bring in a large fleece blanket and noise-cancelling headphones and will be using both every day. 

I'd rather have people laughing at me and thinking I'm eccentric than melting down in the bathroom because I can't focus.

It's never gotten to the point where I've had to resort to requesting ADA accomodations. I've found that it's strangely easy to get what you want/need... You just need to ask!

Good luck! 