Finally diagnosed with ADHD in my 40s, on meds, feels good but strange I am in my mid-40s and was just recently diagnosed with ADHD. I have known all my life that I am not “normal.” I have always had issues when it comes to paying attention. When having a conversation, it is not uncommon for me to be looking at the person speaking to me and nodding like I am listening to her, but I have no idea what she is  talking about because I am daydreaming or just spacing out. My reading comprehension has always been low because, again, I see the words, but after “reading” a paragraph, I have no idea what I just read.  I am not good at thinking on my feet and processing data quickly. I have a really hard time following through with projects, especially long-term projects.  And the list goes on… 

Obviously, these issues have affected every aspect of my life, including my professional and personal relationships, my social life, my addictions, etc. It has been difficult, but I have gotten through life quite well, and I am comfortable with who I am, for the most part. I coped mainly due to my exceptional academic abilities. In school, while subjects such as English or History were difficult for me because I felt like I was memorizing random stuff, I excelled in math and science. Those subjects made sense and required little effort for me to excel in.

 Although, it has taken me significantly longer to accomplish compared to my peers, I have earned a Bachelors, Masters, and Ph.D. in geology, hydrology, and civil engineering, respectively. I got through school by doing everything last minute, but still doing good quality work. For the 10-page term paper that was announced on the first day of class to be due in 12 weeks, I would wait until the day before it was due, pull an all-nighter, and get the highest grade in the class.  For my Ph.D. dissertation, after doing my lab and field experiments in 2 years, I procrastinated writing my dissertation for 5 years and finally cranked it out when the university threatened to discontinue my enrollment.  I basically turned in my first draft and passed. I had to do significant revisions, but I did pass. 

Well, now I have a good job doing research at a university. I really like this job, mainly because I feel like the work I am doing really helps people. I am Principle investigator for multiple projects, meaning I plan the project, oversee data collection and experimental design, interpret data and write the final report by the deadline defined in the contract. Well, in a professional setting, my “normal” way of doing things doesn’t work so well. I cannot turn in a first draft as a final report. I am expected to get the first draft done months in advance so that it can be reviewed, revised, and put in a professional layout. While I have produced many reports, I have had some trouble making deadlines, and people at work are noticing. This is why I finally went to see a psychologist. I just started taking Vyvanse a couple of months ago. We are still in the process of finding the correct dose, but the results have been quite dramatic. It is definitely helping me to concentrate and stay on task. I am optimistic and happy that I am finally facing my problems head on, but it feels really weird. I have gotten very used to dealing with my issues in my own way, to where many of my behaviors are now habits (if that makes sense).  We will see how everything goes. Sorry about the long post. I have not told many people about this. I am interested in hearing from people going through similar issues.

 We sound super similar, except I just started med school. That whole "tell yourself you have 5 hours to study but only do 1 hour of good studying" routine just doesn't work anymore -- or if it does work, it's consuming literally all of my time such that other basic tasks were slipping through the cracks

I'm still in the so-called "honeymoon period" of my meds, so I'm a little anxious to see how they work out long-term. I still get that mild "buzz" and superman feeling after I take my Adderall IR, and it's tricky for me to figure out when it's appropriate or not to take it.

For me the biggest change has been this sudden connection between my thoughts and actions. If I make a plan I can do it. Elsewhere I read about someone describing "The Fear," which is that feeling you get when you continuously push even the simplest of tasks to the back of your mind and let it fester until the last minute. That sounds like something you probably resonate with like I did.
 What is your current dose of Vynanse you are taking? We too am trying to find the right amount to balance things out.  Your self description in the first paragraph could be me, only ~15-20 years older! I've been trying to get a diagnosis for the last year and the struggle has caused me to have some doubts about my suspicions. Your post reminded me why I chose to seek help to begin with, so thanks for that. It's also awesome to see how successful you've been academically prior to diagnosis, since I just started going back to school during the course of this whole process and it has been HELL (upgrading math since I failed terribly in high school; my uni courses are all arts focused with tons of reading - go figure!) I understand "the fear" you mention! good luck in med school!
 I started on 30 mg, which dd not do much, except make me a little more thirsty. Right now, I am on 50 mg, which is having a much more profound effect. I have to be careful about how much coffee I drink in the morning.  I wish you luck in seeking help. I kind of wish I did a long time ago. 

My success in school is part of the problem though. School is not real life. My ability to cope relies on my crazy ability to  to get through school at an apparent high level. In my mind, I always called it "faking it." I did not read near as much as most of the other students. I didn't study nearly as much as the other students. I did not work as hard as most of the other students. Yet, I usually made better grades than most of the other students. I always knew that at some point, "faking it" would not work. That time has come. 