Why is this sub not sponsored by Panda Planner?! Has anyone else used one of [these?](http://pandaplanner.com) The creator developed it to recover from Chemo-brain and multiple TBIs. Watching the introduction video, the guy has the conversational flow of one of us. The system uses a combination of time management and positive psychological reinforcement. It has been an absolute godsend and I wanted to share it with you guys, since you've been a huge comfort to me during the worst phase of my life. 

**edit:** I added the link to the planner's website and, now that I'm not working, I can elaborate. 

Panda Planner is a physical-media organizer. It breaks your schedule into months, weeks and days with a two-page spread layout of each. The monthly allows you to track things like appointments, payday and bills. The weekly section allows you to look forward at what your goals and focuses should be with projects and other such focuses. Finally, the daily gives you a place to put both scheduled and unscheduled priorities in front of you. The beauty, however is in the focus on your goals and what you are thankful for at the beginning of each day and to reflect on your successes and areas needing improvement at the end. I sleep with mine near me, so it's the first and last thing I do each day. My current system is this: I use an alarm app (I Can't Wake Up for Android) that opens Habitica (habit and daily reminders program) when dismissed. Habitual has a "Panda before Facebook" button for the AM and a "Panda before Netflix" button for the PM. This ensures my usage. Is it a lot of structure? Yes. Difficult at times to maintain? Occasionally? Keeping me from ruin? I believe so.  Ive found that the more complicated a system is, the less ill use it. I use an inkwell press planner, and i love it. Only one appointment mishap this year! Is it just a commercialised bullet journal? Please keep in mind that not everyone lives in the same country or even is from the same generation as you are. I have no idea what you're talking about. Halp! Need more info. Can second not knowing what panda planner is, and I'd rather OP explain than go look it up on my own. :)
 Its a daily planner and weekly planner Dont you think pandaplanner is too much micromanagement? Theres so many options and goals.
Dont you guys think a passion planner is more easier to manage ? Which version do you use OP? The small or larger one It has most of the best features of a bullet journal in its design, but there's a bit more to it.   It's a very detailed planner that pays a lot of attention to tasks, as well as reflecting on things. Sorry about that. I'm beginning to think that I suffer from some sort of disorder that makes it hard for me to follow through with submitting complete and cohesive thoughts. It's just a planner that has a lot of options. If you GIS panda planner you can see pictures of what the pages look like.  I think it really depends on what you need. I ended up designing my own planner which I hole punch and keep in a 3-ring binder. It is very detailed like the panda planner (I never knew the panda existed), which is what I need, but there is only a tiny scheduling section in mine. Looking at the passion planner, it would not work very well for how I work. 

Since I teach, my day is already scheduled, and my tasks just get done whenever I have some free time. Trying to schedule a task is an exercise in frustration. So having just the tasks listed in order of importance for every single day is more important to me. That way I don't think, "Gosh, I scheduled to do my charting at 11am, but a student came and talked to me and then I taught class and now it's 2pm, when I scheduled to do my parent emails. Should I do my charting now and reschedule the parent emails?" It's much easier to prioritize once and then be able to look at the list and say, "Okay, charting is number one priority, do that first". Meds help put me in the "zone", but I don't transition tasks easily, and having a planner that micromanages not only what I do but what I track takes some of the pressure off. 

 The small one.  I prefer the two page layout  Such as? For starters, the very first thing you do each day is take stock of three things that you are grateful for, and three things that you are excited about. This initiates your day by forcing you into a more positive mindset. Following that, there is a daily affirmation, whatever the specific focus of your day is going to be, such as eye contact or taking deep breaths when upset. From there, there are additional spaces to help you itemize any specific projects that you are undertaking as well as any specific tasks that you have, but are not assigning to a specific time. The week and month sections of the planner also have similar functions. More information can be found on the website which I posted in the body of the original post It's a bullet journal without the flexibility then. I'll pass. This has certainly been a positive experience.  I'm glad I engaged. Have a great weekend  Don't get me wrong, I appreciate your reply but it's just not for me - it's another overcomplicated and rigid planner that I'll get bored of within a month or two. I've been there too many times before. That is certainly all fine and good, but in the one interaction that I have had with you, I would already Hazard to say that's something that may help you keep your positivity on track could merit looking into You read me wrong. I may be a cynic but I'm a very happy one. I've learnt that keeping my life simple helps me be content.

Based on your passive-aggressive tone, I'd suggest it's working better than your positivity tracker - you seem very defensive! Why are you so upset that I don't like the same planner as you? Its a just planner, not an aspect of your character. Yes. You are right.  