I have a doctors appointment today to talk about my ADHD test results.  I finally broke down and went to a doctor to see about some ADD medication. He had me go to another doctor who administered a few tests and talked about my life. 

The second doctor said it would take 2 weeks to review my data. I met with him and went of his diagnosis. 

He said I definitely have an attention problem, but the results are muddy at best. He said that I am so stressed out daily at home that it makes my ADD worse. 

Huh, that's funny, I don't really feel that way. LOL. 

Needless to say, I'm pretty upset about it. That doctor wants me to take welbutrin. I told him that I've taken it before and it didn't help my ADD in the least bit, but he's insistent. 

I have an appointment with the first doctor today to talk about treatment and go over the test. 

What do I do? I already take Zoloft for anxiety and I fail to see how welbutrin is going to help my ADD. 

Is it wrong that I feel like those ADD test were completely retarded? I keep feeling angry then sad, like the doctor is mistaken. I feel like there's a medication out three that will really help me, but the doctors are hesitant to give it to me because its do tightly controlled. That upsets me. 

I feel like I've developed such great measures to cover up my ADD, that it makes it hard to recognize. 


EDIT:

Well I just got out of my doctors appointment. The psychiatrist prescribed me Wellbutrin. Previously, I was taking 50 mg of sertraline today. Now he has a taking Wellbutrin SR, 300 mg a day. A 150 mg tablet in the morning, and then 150 mg tablet in the afternoon.

I see the psychiatrist again in five weeks.

I'm not opposed to taking Wellbutrin. But, I do feel a little bit disappointed. I know you have to start somewhere, but I feel like a stimulant such as Ritalin or Adderall would solve my problems. I hope Wellbutrin does the trick.

I feel like I've done too good of a job in faking it. I've used my intelligence to mask my problems. I'm having a difficult time turning off the habits I've developed. I feel as if I've gotten too good at acting normal, and it's only because of all the data that I can constantly consume.

Have you ever seen that movie limitless? You know how when he's on the drugs and he perceives everything? What people are wearing, watches ticking, hairstyles, things on the wall, the color of the carpet, the shape of the desk, the layout of the room,… Everything. I do that every day, and sometimes it's maddening. I've learned to use that data to make myself appear normal. Can you talk to another doctor? Not sure why the doc would say that you "definitely" have an attention problem, but then tell you the results are muddy. 

I'm sorry you are having this experience--very frustrating! The first psychiatrist I went to decided that all of my issues were just because I was depressed because my parents died (years before, and my symptoms started in childhood) and insisted that I try an antidepressant. I tried it, didn't like it and she wanted me to try a different antidepressant. I went to a different psychiatrist who *actually listened to me*, got diagnosed with ADHD and an Rx in the same session. I don't think that first one would have ever listened to me or given me the chance to try actual ADHD meds no matter how long I saw her.

 How long were you on Welbutrin before? It can take awhile for someone to really get good results from it.  >Have you ever seen that movie limitless? You know how when he's on the drugs and he perceives everything? What people are wearing, watches ticking, hairstyles, things on the wall, the color of the carpet, the shape of the desk, the layout of the room,… Everything. I do that every day, and sometimes it's maddening.

Yes, yes. Me too. I call it scanning, but its also like radar. If someone pops up on my radar, i must notice them. Meds can help this, and it is a great relief. [removed] I just got out of the doctor. He put me on welbutrin sr.  About a month I think. When I was in the military, they put me on it to help quit nicotine.  False.  Medication is tool.  It's less a crutch and more a brace, you don't lean on them but they help make what you have work in the way it's supposed to.  I know 'crutch' is a figure of speech in this context but crutches are tools too! They allow people to move around autonomously when it might not otherwise be possible. Not that different from meds that let people function. I hope you find it helpful! Remember that if you don't, your doc should be willing to work with you to find something that is. And it's okay and sometimes very helpful to get second opinions. Good luck! i don't see how a brace is different from a crutch...

i just think people need to think very hard and carefully before starting any new medications. weening back off of any of the meds widely prescribed for conditions like this is quite horrific. A crutch is something you lean on. A brace is something that helps you lean on yourself.  are you familiar with how medications like welbutrin work in vivo? if you want to differentiate crutch and brace in this way then it becomes obvious that at least this specific medication is a crutch. you develop severe dependence by the time any positive effects could possibly start to manifest. I'm more than familiar with how these medications work. I would never tell somebody to take them lightly, but I would never insult them for taking them.  Telling a person they're using medications as a crutch insults their very character, you don't know this person and that's not your judgment call to make.

These medications are ridiculously potent and highly dangerous. Nobody claims otherwise. This is why everyone here says to let a doctor make that decision. That said, in a cost benefit analysis is taking the drug often better than not? I'd say for many people that's true.    