I feel as if my mind is not working anymore. Is this part of adhd or am I going nuts or is it early onset dementia? Any similar experiences? Ok background first: I felt like a super smart kid (and was a pretty smart kid) when I was young. I compared it to the matrix movie where everything makes sense and nobody else could truly understand what's going on. Okay, maybe that's overstating it but you get the point. I saw connections between issues that people did not see. As a result I wanted to become a politician to save the world. I also used my brain for selfish means of course: I could read a book and remember the layout of pages and somehow this would help me to indirectly remember what the information on that page was. So I never failed tests and did them well. I learned another language by moving abroad and am semi-fluent now.

Here's the problem: My mind started to heavily deteriorate when I was in my early twenties. I am in my thirties now. I can read the same page over and over and I will still not remember the info on that page. Sometimes the simplest things seem hard to understand. Also I sometimes have one thought in my mind (say: it's weekend) and I learn new info (oh no it's Wednesday instead) and my brain keeps thinking it's weekend. It happens that the person who told me it's Wednesday thinks I am crazy because he just told me 5 mins ago that it was not Sat but Wed!  Moreover, my brain feels full, like nothing can be added, and I feel the languages are part of it. I mix them up sometimes. And I used to be interested in reading and learning but I just want to give my brain a rest. I already gave my brain a rest of 3 years by not working but my brain seems to be getting dumber and slower, not better rested. I feel like going on a long beach holiday. But I need to take a test that requires me to know 1000 pages of boring material by heart in a few weeks. Any advice? I feel that way to and I believe it's due to when you were a kid you were still learning and as a adult you already know the words so why learn them again. As you said "my brain feels full." But it's not about the words it's about the meaning of the sentence the words make our brain just doesn't get it.

I have the same thing happen to me where I feel I can read the same page over and over but it doesn't matter because I don't actually read it I just look at the words and read each individual word in my head and it's like I'm just reading words off a vocabulary sheet. No specific sentence structure/meaning and there is nothing. 

But when I've taken my meds it does get better. I'm not stupid it's almost like my sub conscious could give to shits about actually picking up the information because I already know the words. I think I know the feeling. I used to be a super smart kid, not putting in much effort yet getting good grades. I would read through a book and remembered where the info was in the book, to reference later until I eventually memorize it. School was always quite easy and I had trouble figuring out why other kids were struggling so much with simple math etc. I had trouble with certain subjects, like literature where we had to just memorize poems, but I managed.

But as a kid, all I did was study and play video games. My parents had this policy of "when you're a kid, focus on study, you'll have time to do chores when you grow up" so I never had to do anything else around the house ever or worry about anything else, for the most part.

Now I am an adult. Suddenly, I have to work 8 hours a day consistently every day instead of just cramming before exams an deadlines, I have to clean the house, make food, do laundry, worry about doctor and dentist appointments, do my taxes, take care of my cat, budget my spending, you get the idea.

Maybe I am also getting old and stupid, but even if I have the same levels of energy and brain capacity, there literally is so much more to fill it! I tend to be a lot more absent-minded, I have a harder time learning new things and I keep making stupid mistakes. I have my computer and phone display what day of the month and week it is, else I will forget. The feeling of being overwhelmed is constantly there, because even when I try to just fire up a video game and relax, I feel guilty because I *should* be doing something else.

My advice would be to accept that you have limitations, and try to see what you can realistically do. How many pages a day can you do? Set up a time and do at least some, every day. Even if all you manage is half a page a day, it's still better than nothing. Accept you may not be able to get top grades on it, and that's ok. Thinking about it in all-or-nothing terms, in my experience, just makes you anxious and procrastinate getting started at all. Treat every page you memorize, every 15 mins you spend on studying as a personal victory, regardless of the outcome. Inactivity is detrimental to the brain and advances things like alzheimers (not that you would have it), so I would not suggest any more rest on your part. Three years is a long time to go without engaging your brain. Cramming for more than 8 hours a day exhausts you but there is absolutely no gain from going long periods without doing anything. Quite the opposite.

I wouldn't say that learning a second language was bad for your brain, on the contrary! Having majored in linguistics and communication, there is absolutely zero evidence that speaking more than one language negatively impacts you in any way. Your brain can't really get "full", even if it feels that way. It's an extremely plastic system and is always sorting out useless information to make way for the relevant. On the contrary, learning new languages creates new pathways in the brain and enlarges your capacity for vocabulary. Mixing the languages up is a problem of dictionary picking and just means you need more practice. I too live in a foreign country and what usually happens is that you don't know a word, so instead of understanding that you don't know the word and ask for it, your brain goes through its dictionaries to find the closest match, even if that may be from the wrong language. This is because speaking happens in real-time and when you spend a lot of time actually living in your foreign language, efficiency is prioritized over accuracy. 

What studies have shown is that things like "brain training" apps and other programmes have practically zero impact on your brain's performance and longevity. The only thing it makes you better at is using those specific apps. The research shows that the absolute best thing you can do for your brain is physical exercise. It increases performance, memory and it delays dementia and other denegerative diseases. So if you aren't regularly exercising that's the best and most immediate improvement you can do. I would also look into ensuring you get enough vitamins/minerals and run the standard tests with a doctor to make sure your levels are ok. 

EDIT: Some sources for my claims:

http://www.health.harvard.edu/blog/regular-exercise-changes-brain-improve-memory-thinking-skills-201404097110

https://www.theguardian.com/education/2014/sep/04/what-happens-to-the-brain-language-learning
 [deleted] I'm sorry, I think /u/warpainter said it best activity is the ally not the enemy. And he actually provided proof. Perhaps you just need to get into the swing of things? But I also know it's not that easy. :/ 