I keep wondering If I actually do have ADHD. Already been diagnosed but second thoughts occur I was diagnosed about a month ago with ADHD after I had contacted the clinc and asked to be tested.


After a while, I got the diagnosis. 

 My behavior is impulsive, and I generally loose intrest in things really quickly. Earlier today I started planning making my own backpack and just put the project aside within an hour of starting it. I mean this also could just mean that Im a weak willed individual who gave up on it. 


All of my habits can be labelled as something else, and I cant tell personally if it is something else, or ADHD. Or maybe its both. Or neither. Anxiety is one that seems to come up often. 


I dont want to be THAT guy, but ive got a really important set of exams this year, and the extra support im getting because of this is actually making a huge difference, in exactly the way its meant to. 


Most of the time I waste in exams is from either getting distracted in thought, or me simply having to rewrite an entire answer because I wrote it with a stupid structure that makes it impossible to understand.


I want to bring up these second  thoughts with my psychologist but im afraid theyll take away these privilages due to uncertainty, and end up with me not getting what I need or whatever.
Was going to talk about this after im done with things, but honestly id rather not live a lie for 7 months.

I havent been diagnosed with anything other than ADHD, so not going to say anything else. However, I do think I self reflect a lot, and honestly im the kind of person who spent the day after a breakup thinking about what stage im in, how im reacting, and comparing it to how someone "normal" would react. 


With all that being said I can completely relate to everyone on this subreddit. I asked a group of classmates to see which of the symptoms I didnt strongly meet, and they couldnt find any. 


IDK honestly what I should do now. Its 4:20 in the morning right now and I couldnt go to sleep so this is the result. Hope the layout is easy to keep a track of


TL;DR OP is unsure if he has ADHD or if these habits are a result of something else. Cant decide if he should confront now, or just go with it.
 >I dont want to be THAT guy, but ive got a really important set of exams this year, and the extra support im getting because of this is actually making a huge difference, in exactly the way its meant to.  

If it's helping, then go with it.  

Question it when it when various treatment options aren't helping you anymore.  

ADHD (and most major psychological disorders) is more a label of a set of symptoms that vary a bit from person to person. Provided you are seeing an improved quality of life, then the actual diagnosis doesn't mean that much. Go with it. If the meds (assuming you go that way) do nothing, then you might have something else, But if your buddy is diagnosing you with Aspergers, which is no longer a medically recignized thing (at least in the US), id be suspicious.  I was recently diagnosed (April) and I completely empathize with your feelings. And from my own research, time with my therapist (ADHD specialist), and the company of other ADHD folks... you totally sound like you have legit ADHD-PI. And you have every right to try out treatment as a way to improve your life. Getting help is not "cheating." :) He's not really diagnosing me. He just thinks my habits resemble someone with aspergers more than anything else. 


Edit : I removed the bit about aspergers. I don't know about that and I'll just ignore it for now

Haven't seen the entire aspergers thing in the US. I'll go read up on it I guess, or watch a video Aspergers is recognised in the US, they just changed it to fall under "Autism Spectrum Disorders" recently in DSM-V.

What you're saying is kind of like "There is no such thing as ADD in the US" because the DSM calls it ADHD-PI... Thanks for the reply. 


Would having achieved above average results in exams in the lower years mean that I might not have it? I mean, the way it seems I revise is quantity, where id be sitting there for days but end up with the same amount of work my friends could do in an hour. 

Im worried that some of this might also be a result of a placebo effect. 

You know what I mean?

 