ADHD and Motherhood I made an infographic for the first time! References in post. https://imgur.com/a/Hq1mw

-Bell, T. (2017, March 23). ADHD Doctors Weigh in on Taking Medication While Pregnant. Retrieved December 18, 2017, from https://www.additudemag.com/stimulant-medication-and-pregnancy/

-Humphreys, C., Garcia-Bournissen, F., Ito, S., & Koren, G. (2007). Exposure to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder medications during pregnancy. Canadian Family Physician, 53(7), 1153–1155.
Jokela, M., Hintsa, T., Hintsanen, M., & Keltikangas-Järvinen, L. (2010). Adult temperament and childbearing over the life course. European Journal of Personality, 24(2), 151–166.

Perroud, N., Hasler, R., Golay, N., Zimmermann, J., Prada, P., Nicastro, R., … Baud, P. (2016). Personality profiles in adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). BMC Psychiatry, 16, 199. https://doi.org/10.1186/s12888-016-0906-6

Williams, J., & Taylor, E. (2006). The evolution of hyperactivity, impulsivity and cognitive diversity. Journal of the Royal Society Interface, 3(8), 399–413. https://doi.org/10.1098/rsif.2005.0102

Silver, L. (2006, October 6). How Safe are ADHD Medications While Pregnant or Nursing? Retrieved December 18, 2017, from https://www.additudemag.com/how-safe-are-adhd-medications-while-pregant-or-nursing/

Silver, L. (2008, July 18). Meds and Motherhood: Is It Safe to Take a Stimulant During Pregnancy? Retrieved December 18, 2017, from https://www.additudemag.com/ritalin-during-pregnancy-is-it-safe-to-take-adhd-medications/
Zubedat, S., Aga-Mizrachi, S., Cymerblit-Sabba, A., Ritter, A., Nachmani, M., & Avital, A. (2015). Methylphenidate and environmental enrichment ameliorate the deleterious effects of prenatal stress on attention functioning. Stress (Amsterdam, Netherlands), 18(3), 280–288. https://doi.org/10.3109/10253890.2015.1023790

 Really helpful, thank you! noticed a typo under "ADHD Medications and Pregnancy"... "...is are safe".

I'm a mom with ADHD and would love to have a third (and final) baby, but I'm starting to be in a good place with meds and don't want to rock the boat. I suffer from depression as well and chose to stay on Zoloft during my last pregnancy. I got postpartum depression anyway and my baby had the jitters for a week or so. Such a tough decision to want to take care of baby AND take care of you - and both are so important. I agree that my being so ADD has had negative effects on my kids including lack of structure at times, not modeling the best social behavior (I tend to be avoidant) and obviously I'm not as patient as some mothers. On the flipside as far as empathy I am a great mother. I communicate with my kids and always take time to check in with them and see where they are emotionally, how they feel about things, any concerns they may have. I am very empathetic towards my daughter who is ADHD with a lot of executive functioning issues. I used to beat myself up a lot and compare my mothering experience to other moms and now I can sort of see where my strengths are. I try to work on the areas where I need improvement. Mainly always making sure I'm looking ahead and not just living day by day. I'm trying to be more involved with the mundane tasks of checking homework and trying to keep the kids on task. It's an ongoing effort on my part to try not to be a mess for my kids but so far I believe I'm doing OK. Thanks for this! 36 weeks pregnant and struggling with my ADD at the moment and can't wait to go back on. Not while breastfeeding though! This is cool, thanks! The only bit I'm not really sure about is the top right - I don't really understand what information it's telling me?

I would love to find it again - Russell Barkley mentioned a stat in one of his 3h talks about high teenage pregnancy incidence in ADHD girls. I haven't managed to find it by skipping through so it waits for the day I watch the whole thing again but it would be an interesting stat to add if you can get a source for it.

It might also be useful to add something about the rate of heredity for ADHD. Thank you so much for the feedback.!I will work on version 2 with changes. Anyone know of a good way of making info graphics? I used canva but it was pretty cumbersome.  Use of Acetaminophen during pregnancy increases risks of ADHD also You may be able to negotiate with your MD about meds and pregnancy- I went on the in the 2nd trimester because I literally, it was like it was past "non functional". They put me on the lowest dose they could and it was just enough to get me going through. 

I breastfed so i couldn't get to a super effective awesome dose until i weaned, but if you formula feed- that's NBD. And honestly if i had a 4th i'd probably go straight to formula after like 12w because I'm finally functioning like a semi-functional adult and I can't screw that up. 

For me its one of those, the more children i produce the more important it is that my sh*t stays together. -Especially as i've got 2/3 special needs kids.  my 2 boys have issues- the oldest has ADHD and ASD and the youngest has a speech delay and probable adhd but of course at 2 1/2 he's too little to "tell" but considering the strong family history + his behavior its more likely that he has it than it is that he doesn't.  Yep, I hear you. Oldest has ADHD and some sensory processing stuff. Little one is good so far (but had reflux from HELL as an infant). Apparently if you wean from SSRIs in the third tri (or the last month, I forget which) the baby isn't as affected (jitters, crankiness, etc).

Zoloft was good for breastfeeding for me but I've since burned out on Zoloft (and Prozac, and Celexa) and I'm rocking Effexor just fine. Haven't looked into the pregnancy/nursing deal on that yet. 