Stimulant Tolerance in 2 days? Hey guys! Before I start my post, I just want to let you all know how much I appreciate this sub and everyone apart of it. You all have helped me realize my struggles aren't individualized and that there is hope.   
anyways..  
This last Tuesday was my first day on a Stimulant for my ADHD Diagnoses. Adderall XR 10mg. When it started working I felt absolutely incredible to the point of tearing up. I was able to formulate complete thoughts, not sing 9 different songs at once in my head whilst taking a test that I didn't study for because I thought the test was in a different class, etc. However, just the first day I was able to feel normal and productive. The last 2 days of Wednesday and Thursday haven't really had much of an effect except keeping me awake during the day. Because I found this strange, out of curiosity I took 2 10mg pills to see if that would make a difference. That was an hour and 15 minutes ago and I still feel like I did before medication. Any advice or possible similar experience? Thanks in advance guys!

&#x200B;

Oh also! P.S. I've been taking an antibiotic( clindamycin ) for strep throat. I don't know if an interaction/hindrance is possible, but I figured I'd throw it out there just in case. Not a doctor, but no. Not tolerance problem. I’m been on 30mg xr daily (including weekends) for about 13 years. Still works.

More likely, you cleared out your brain’s low reserve of chemicals. As you take the meds more, the infrastructure in your brain will start making less/more of the chemicals needed to process the new chemistry combo the meds are prompting. 

 This is something you should call your doctor who prescribed meds for you about. It possibly is too low a dose, but doctors like to start low so you are not over medicated. 

Call them up. Im sure your doctor told you to call them if you start feeling really weird (thoughts of suicide are a potential sideeffect, and my doc was very firm about calling her the moment I started to feel 'off' and if suicide ever came up to stop taking and go to the hospital right away) 

Call them. Talk to them. They'll let you know.


For me, I started 20 mg XR 2 weeks ago. The first day was absolutely amazing. But I've read that is because you've never been this way before.

Now, 2 weeks later, I can't really tell when i'm 'on' but I can still pretty well tell when I'm 'off' - the meds wear off and I can see my thoughts start chuging. I notice my leg jiggling more (it almost never jiggles when the meds are on) - but I don't notice as easily the effects of being on meds - but they are there. 

I think I still might need to go up in dosage, but I'll wait until my next apt in dec.


One thing I'm doing is recording my impressions every day in my bullet journal to be able to share with my doctor when I go back. 

(aside: i took my meds an hour and a half ago. Nothing really 'feels' different, but my 9month old daughter just crawled up to me and put her arms to be picked up in the middle of writing this post - I picked her up, we danced a bit, maybe 3 mins, then put her back down. Before I'd have to reread the whole post to figure out where I was going with my train of thought, now? I just started back up - its subtle, and harder to notice once it became my new baseline)


But again, talk to your doc. Don't experiment any more - this is a Schedule 2 controlled substance. It may not be as dangerous as politics makes it out to be, but people are still wary - experimenting with it without medical guidance can send up some red flags. Better to talk everything over with your doc first so you can be 'in the right'  so how do you fix this problem? Yeah, I felt it was still a little low the first day, but I was just ecstatic to receive some relief. Again, I really appreciate you taking the time to help. I feel like I should contact her since my next appt. isn’t until December. I don’t necessarily know what to do about the suicidal thoughts since I’ve suffered from depression and suicidal ideations since I was 10, so I don’t think it’s necessarily the Adderall. In fact, I’ve noticed an astronomical improvement on my mood. I might steal the idea of keeping a bullet journal 😁
Also, you’re absolutely right about not experimenting anymore. I’ve been afraid to be too honest about my ADHD sometimes in fear they’d accuse me of faking it for meds, since it seems to become a common epidemic. Now that I’m on a controlled substance, the pressure seems much more intense to not send flags.  I was thinking just get more data. It’s early and this person is not being harmed by taking a slow and steady approach (at day 3) Continue to take the meds for another 28 days and talk to the doctor about what is happening.   Yeah. I forced myself to be as honest as possible with my psych, but she was also great at probing for abusive tendencies (I don't drink more than 1 or 2 beers a month, if that, I don't smoke, I don't do weed - and have never done any more harmful drugs, so I was OK)

**Bullet Journal** - Hey. This thing has been a godsend for me, but here is my 2 pieces of advice as a ADHDer. 

1) get something small you can keep with you. I like [This, in the Dotted Variety](https://www.amazon.com/Field-Notes-Kraft-Ruled-3-Pack/dp/B0034KDEMO) - it does no good if its not on you and most people without ADHD use it more like a custom planner.

2) Ignore all the Subs/Videos on Bullet Journaling other than the original [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fm15cmYU0IM) and the 'How to ADHD' channel videos on it. - Everyone else without ADHD goes WAY over the top with these things. They make pretty pictures and amazing layouts and spreads.... ... the bujo subreddit is 99% pictures of 'How awesome my layout is!' 

man, we don't have the attention space for that stuff. Keep it short, simple, and easy to use. You don't want to spend 2 hours on it one month just making the layout, then never use it. Mine is just [literally bullet-ed lists](https://imgur.com/ncZZFRK) and a habit tracker.

*edit* oops wrong formatting on links 