Writing science paper? I'm so awful at writing papers. I had to get an extension on this one recently. It's a pretty formal science journal type paper \- a short review, of sorts.   


The problem is, I fall down a million rabbit holes whenever I begin to think about writing. I hoard the crap out of every possible interesting article and organize them in like 3 different types of file systems, and then I scan and scan, see a word I don't understand, try to understand, look for more articles. I haven't even formally picked the layout yet, and my mind flip flops between being worried I won't understand the topic because it's too hard, paradoxically worried that it won't be complex enough and would seem childish, or worried I'll essentially just be plagiarizing another article. 

What's really awful is that I also noticed the example paper that was uploaded for the class was a similar topic to mine, and I honestly had never looked, so that kind of freaked me out more and I felt like I had to make it really stand out and avoid sharing anything in common.

Writing is a task I'm really awful at sometimes. If I take too low of a dose I'll just fall asleep or stay on like the abstract of one article for hours, and if I take too high of a dose I hoard a bunch of articles. 

Anyway \- advice? Tips? Wtf am I doing try this:
https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/8mog9x/the_selfsabotage_is_so_real_tonight_cheer_me_on/dzq70dm/?context=3 Do you use outlines?

Maybe try starting with an outline. Then pick one bullet point of the outline to work on. Search for literature on just that, nothing else. As soon as you have enough to write that paragraph, you are done with literature on that topic, onward to the next one. Oh that's so cool! Thank you.

Is there like a repository of cool helpful stuff for ADHD people somewhere so I can use cheatcodes for life? I guess I tend to pick topics above my knowledge level so I had to read a significant amount to figure out what I even wanted to talk about and what I even needed to understand... there a bunch of youtube channels, no idea if they are any good or not because when I tried watching them I found something better to do.

Would be nice to have some sort of wiki somewhere with all the tidbits that people find helpful, hopefully all neatly categorised with in-depth and tl;dr versions. 