Feedback on custom painted wheelchair I would really appreciate any feedback on this wheelchair I custom painted! I'm thinking of setting up shop to manufacture wheelchairs (eventually rollators, walkers, canes) in more eye-catching colors/patterns, at a low price point. 

http://imgur.com/a/N62cJ

I've dreamed of a few designs that are bolder/sleeker than what I can currently find on the market, but I'd like to get some feedback. Yay/nay? Back to the drawing board? Any comments/questions help immensely! Looks somewhat rough.   Make sure you do not cover up the serial number. We need those completely legible.

The paint has to be automotive quality due to the level of wear and  environments the chairs are put through.

Biggest worry I have is that aftermarket painting will void the warranty. While I think it's cool you want to help people with wheelchairs, I doubt the aftermarket paint market will be big enough to grow your business to make a living from it. 

I'm sure a few wheelchair users aren't happy with their colors, but not enough to actually buy a paint job for their wheelchair when insurance replaces them every 3 years. 

(Not a paint guy by any means) doesn't painting tubing have lots of overspray? Meaning more expensive and further reducing market...

I'd recommend making a business plan and trying to research your market and competitors to see what they are doing. Designing wheelchairs obviously but you need to be able to get things paid for dme by insurances.  Thanks, yeah this is just a mockup so I can have something to make it easier for factories to visualize. Didn't think about the serial number/aftermarket paint, thanks for that as well! [deleted] Awesome advice, thanks! I'm more interested in having my manufacturer (factory I'm in touch with supplies Invacare, other bigwigs) make a few powder coated designs, no aftermarket homebrews on my part. My "shop" wouldn't be for wheelchair paint jobs, the pictures were to illustrate a concept. My fault for being really vague. 

I'm going to PM you a question about dme coverage if it's cool with you. I'd be one happy bunny if healthcare replaced mine every 3 years. Had to buy my current one out of pocket and so chose an ex demo, aka no colour choice. So now I'm stuck with one that while it fits me, is neon pink so not particularly suited to my general style. Going to get a local bike shop to repaint it soon, in a textured bronze powdercoat which should look pretty. Thanks for the tidbit! Actually one of the mockups I sketched up is a camo wheelchair! But the factory I'm talking to doesn't sound like they have the capability since they only powder coat..in the interim I thought a camo seat cushion/back would look pretty badass. Thanks for your advice, really. 