What do you wish your wheelchair had? My father has MS (multiple sclerosis) and he has been wheelchair bound for quite some time. I am wondering what I can do to help him or make using a wheel chair a better experience.

What do you wish your wheelchair had the capability to do? What kind of "wheelchair accessories" do you wish for that are not on the market?

Thanks,

New Reddit User legs You know those gimmicky late night infomercial products like the remote caddy? You know how you feel that type of item "yeah it works, but who would buy that?" is how I view most accessories for chairs. If you want to improve his experience, I would recommend watching and talking to him about how to make it more comfortable. Maybe his seat needs upgraded, maybe he has an arm guard that gets in his way. Then, look at the interaction of the chair with his environment. You notice the chair more when you have to put your focus on it. Maybe his bathroom door frame catches a wheel a few times a week. Maybe there is a steep ramp that makes him uncomfortable. Maybe the sidewalk needs to be plowed everyday before he can go out. I think these little things would go further than an accessory. Seriously - An umbrella holder. Bags that hang on well. A free wheel.

Not so seriously - a time machine so I can go back in time and change it so I don't need a wheelchair. Manual or powered? I saw smart drive the other day: http://www.max-mobility.com/smartdrive/#mx2

I'm very interested in it for my mom who also has MS.  Cost is a bit prohibitive though. An umbrella holder and clothing guards that don't rub on the wheels also lasers 
 Thanks so much for this response, I appreciate it! We'll even throw in a dead Hitler! Powered Don't forget a fully functional bowel and bladder Ooo I want lasers too! We had a charge port (like a car cigarette lighter socket) installed and it makes a huge difference.  My wife can now charge her phone, tablet, etc  throughout the day and always have them available for her use - no noticeable effect on battery life on the chair throughout the day.
We also use several products from Ram-Mount...like their cup holder.  With so many mounting and extension options we were able to figure out a setup that works great for her and is easy to remove.  They also have phone & tablet holders and many other items that you might find useful.  