Funding options for mobility chair Hi reddit,

My brother (23) was suffered a brain injury and stroke when he was seven and has never regained more than very minimal movement on his right side. He gets around using an electric wheelchair and it works great, he thrives in public situations where he gets to be social and it's all he's really got. The problem is, he lives in upstate New York in an area without public transportation that gets a lot of snow for about five or six months a year. This pretty much keeps him stranded and super depressed and alone during that time because his chair cannot handle snow well. I was wondering if you guys could point me in the direction for grants or foundations that might be able to help us pay for one of those all weather track chairs. They're super expensive at around $12k before taxes and my mother only makes about $45k a year so we can't exactly pay cash for it. Medicaid classifies the chairs as recreational and will not assist either.

Thank you for any help or info you might have! I'm in the UK so can't help you out with actual charities by name, but in my experience the people who sell the chairs have probably seen a fair few people go through the same process so might be a good place to start.

Which chair are you planning on getting for him? My other chair bound friend recommended this http://actiontrackchair.com/ They don't sell that in the UK yet, but I'd absolutely love to get one! If he does end up raising the funds then be sure to let us know how it is. I haven't been able to find any good reviews of one yet.

With Christmas on the horizon, it might be worth sending an early letter or card out to everyone you know explaining that you're fund raising for him and if they could spare cash at Christmas instead of gifts you might be surprised how far that will get you. I know of people ghat have raised over £20K through crowd funding so if you have a community centre or group that could be a great start.

If you have any links to any charities then start with them. I managed to raise over £13K from only two charities because they are relatively obscure ones that don't get approached all too often so have more money to give to individuals than larger ones. Thanks a lot, we are from a super small town so I think I'll have to research places in nearby cities and stuff maybe. Got nothing but time, work 12 hours a day in the desert with nothing around.  I might suggest starting with yours or your families professions. One of the charities that helped me is associated with the royal society of chemistry (I'm a chemist) so if you have anything similar it might be worth a go? I'm the only one that isn't self employed 😅 You might still be surprised at the charities out there. There's one I know of that has no one to give their money to and I was told by them that if I could find anyone in my family that'd been a green grocer they'd happily pay for it! Even stuff like gardeners and artists might have charities so it's worth a quick Google 