Specific Retail Businesses That Hire Wheelchair Users? Hi, I am a placement specialist for people with disabilities in NYC, and I've found that clients who use wheelchairs and want to work in retail have a really hard time getting jobs. Some of my clients have been on over a hundred interviews. We've tried troubleshooting the interviews, preparing the clients to go in and discuss the disability and possible accommodations--and still nothing. 

There are definitely higher-level tech and business jobs that hire people with disabilities, but the clients I'm working with now have customer service training and want in-store jobs. They are both great with people but would prefer not to work in call centers. 

So, my question: does anyone know of any SPECIFIC retail businesses that you KNOW have hired at least one person who uses a wheelchair? Doesn't matter if it's you or someone you know or just someone you've seen working in a store. 

It doesn't even have to be retail; just something where you're face-to-face with customers, like a movie theatre or Jiffy Lube-type place. I would just like some concrete information about places to look. Thank you!!
 The place that I get my wheelchair van serviced has at least one employee in a wheelchair. I know it's kind of a specialized business, but there's probably one or more in your area. It might be worth a phone call. A local theatre has a ticket taker in a chair, the accessible car dealership, a doctor's office I went to recently and the social security office also have chair users employed.  Our local Home Depot has several folks in wheelchairs.   They are kinda combo greeters/and direct people to the proper aisles that have what they are buying.   They also have a basket rigged to their power chairs so they can carry things for other disabled customers.  They know waaay more than the fairly worthless able employees  And I forgot to add that while I don't work in retail I do have a full time job in a research facility that has a LOT of public interaction.   I've had no negative reactions from my company or my customers.   I was in a Home Depot before I had to use a wheel chair and an employ in a wheel chair helped me find a tool that I needed. I understand that they have several employees on the floor who use wheelchairs. That's good to know!  