Some taxi drivers 'overcharging wheelchair users' BBC  That doesn't happen in NYC. They just don't stop. This happens all the time. It's not just black cabs either, standard "dial a ride" taxi's do it too.

My husband and I decided to test a few of our local taxi services and of the 7 that we called, all but one of them charged more if we mentioned my powerchair.

I'd suspected it for a while so I got him to call and ask how much a taxi would be for us both (not mentioning my wheelchair) and later call and ask for the same journey but saying we needed a wheelchair accessible taxi. The cost suddenly shot up, in a couple of cases it literally doubled.

They know it's illegal but they get away with it because wheelchair users either don't know the law or simply don't know that they're even being charged more (if you've only ever asked for costings based on using a wheelchair then how would you know what an able person would pay?). 

We reported all of the companies that overcharged and they all got in trouble but it doesn't seem to have stopped them. It's disgusting, especially as I'm forced to rely on taxi's if my husband isn't around to drive me.

The local buses straight up won't stop if they see my wheelchair and if there's a mother with a baby in a pushchair using the disabled spot then they rarely agree to collapse the chair and put it in the storage bay so that I can get on.

It's annoying as their baby can be taken out of that pushchair and sit on their lap, I can't get out of my chair. The buses only run once an hour and there's no guarantee that the next one won't have someone hogging the wheelchair space. 

Everyone complains about disabled people not working but how the hell can we if we can't guarantee we can even *get* to work? I can't get a job and be late every day because I can't get on the bus and paying for overpriced taxis to and from work would cost more than I'd earn every day. 

Something needs to change but with the current economic struggles disabled people have become scapegoats and disability rights are taking backward steps. We can't win. That's an issue here too. Bus drivers do the same, just magically develop blinkers and pretend they can't see me. 