15 things to never say to a person in a wheelchair  > 10 . “Can you pop a wheelie?”
> 
> This question may sound like a fun comment used to break the ice but the answer is always "no". Even if it was possible, the wheelchair user could possibly be hurt or injured. The wheelchair is part of the user’s life, it’s not a toy.


Bullshit. Feel free to ask me that one. The answer is, I used to be able to. It was my old electric chair, rear wheel drive. The trick was to have my buddy grab my armrests, and a proper amount of acceleration. I had even used it a few times to assist in bypassing large bumps, get the finicky fronts over it and muscle past with the backs. I miss the ability to wheelie, but I wouldn't exchange my current mid-wheel for back+wheelie.

> 14 . “I’m so glad I’m not in a wheelchair.”

I've never heard this one. I would replace it with, "I wish I had one." My wife is amazed at the patience I have with people and stupidity. One of these days I'll probably blow my lid from this question. 

She learned how unobservant people are to chairs and scooters after she had abdominal surgery, and used a store scooter for 3 or 4 days during recovery when we went out. [deleted] I very much dislike this list. If people aren't being malicious then why get upset? Most people don't see people like me every day. They are curious, often times nervous, and can be clumsy with their questions. It's an opportunity to educate others that wheelchair users are no different than non-wheelchair users.
  I get the "How fast does your wheelchair go?" question all the time and don't mind it. Sometimes that segues into the "Why do you use a wheelchair?" question, which I personally don't mind either. I'd rather bring awareness to people because I know it will have an impact. I've gotten 11 of the 15 at one time or another. Some of the other four are just not appropriate for my situation. Yes these questions are stupid, but I don't get too upset. I think people say these things mostly because they don't know what else to say. I don't think it's fair to have too thin skin. " While some non-wheelchair users may find themselves trying to help by offering assistance or trying to say something to help the wheelchair user feel better, it can be disastrous if the wrong thing is said. "

Why is it disastrous??? Are we really a bunch of sensitive pricks? This type of list will only make people avoid us out of fear of saying the wrong thing.  Lol... If anyone ever says they're hopeful I'll walk again, I'm going to stand up and yell "praise Jesus!"

I hate most of these questions.. Yes, most people don't mean harm by asking, but that doesn't mean it's okay to ask. And it doesn't mean I have to answer.  Regarding the wheelie question, I've been going to a clinic precisely to learn how to do better wheelies in my manual, so that I can eventually go down kerbs forwards without looking for a dip. My tutor considers wheelies in a manual a basic skill to build on for more advanced moves. 

So my answer would definitely not be 'always no'. It's a 'well kinda but I'm shit, wobble a lot and spend a lot of time falling backwards.' If it was someone I knew I'd totally ask them to help me practice too, as they can hold a strap on the back of my chair. The author doesn't seem to know much about manual users, some of them are excellent at wheelies.

I find it fucking hilarious that you did wheelies in a power chair. I'd never have thought of that. I'm just imagining the thing going 'vroom, VROOM' like a car about to race, with your buddy hanging on for dear life. Brilliant answer :) Out of the 15 questions, I've only been asked how fast my chair goes and my response is to laugh and say "A blistering 10.5 kph". That's 6.5 mph. On a good day. I basically live on my back wheels out on the road. Being able to control the chair with the front wheels up is a crucial skill to being able to navigate the more tricky obstacles out there. The fact that the poster makes this comment shows their ignorance or paraplegia. Electric wheelchair or less abled manual wheelchair users or course struggle but I can pop a wheelies no worries, I almost can do a one wheel 360 but the practice is rough. I take the chair as a toy any day. 