Wheelchair users of Reddit, a question about wheelchair lifts Hey, I had an idea the other day and just wanted to ask about it. 

I am wondering how often do you find wheelchair access lifts (the ones that move over a total height of about 1M or less) are broken/not working/hard to access. I have seen regular issues with them, often electronics breaking down inside or the various sensors breaking. Have actually helped carry at least one wheelchair down a small flight of stairs due to the lift malfunctioning. 

I had an idea, though it wouldn't be suitable for everyone :( 

Namely a lift designed to be entirely mechanical. With a handle where you get on at the bottom/top as well as one on it. Turn any of these handles to move the platform up/down. Geared in such a way to make it easy and safe. 

I had just been thinking about this after seeing people struggle with broken lifts, and also seeing the difficulties that businesses can face in providing access, so wondered if I could design something. Best to actually get some proper opinions though :) 
 I work at a music venue, and we have a full floor chair lift. It does break down every now and then, but its usually do to operator issues. All elevators and lifts have what's referred to as the safety loop. This loop is partially electrical, and partially mechanical. This ensures that the upper doors can not open without the platform in the upper position, and the lift won't move with out the doors closed, etc. The problem is, people stop the platform before the safety loop is fully complete, and push the door open before they should. This interrupts the safety features and shuts the lift down. The only way to fix this is by manually tripping safety sensor in question and get the platform and doors to their proper sequence/ positions.  This is the most common issue. The mechanics and electronics are pretty rock solid, but improper use can make them seem broken more than they really are. Another issue that some have is that they use a hydraulic ram to do the work instead of a motor. If these get used a lot back to back, the oil gets hot and expands causing the platform not to go to the correct position. In this case, when the oil cools down it will work again. 
But, to get back to your question, even if it was hand crank powered, it would still have to have a series of mechanical safety features which can still get out of synch. and cause the lift to not function. There would not be any commercial lift that would not have this set of safety locks. 
I hope this was somewhat helpful. 
But as mentioned below, a crank to lift 450#, with a safety factor of at least 3 added, it would be a real work out to crank something up 1 meter.
All commercial elevators are serviced and inspected fairly often, and the companies with the service contract have people on call 24/7. Any company knows that if their lift is down, they are in violation of building codes, and they need to correct it quickly. If you are someplace that regularly has a broken lift, you should report them.  It would certainly be a good backup option. I think the gearage necessary to lift a 300-pound power chair with a person in it might be unwieldy for regular use. But there's definitely a need. I only fear having a crank system would cause owners to be even more lax about repairing the motorized lifts. The issue with a mechanical handle would be that either the wheelchair user would have to turn it themselves or a caregiver would need to be present to help.

Generally a wheelchair lift, including the platform, the wheelchair, yourself and anything else on the lift would make it heavy. As a result, you would be spinning that handle for ages before the platform goes anywhere. All that spinning would likely make a normal person fatigued, but what about someone that is in a wheelchair and may be suffering from other age related diseases or disabilities.

In the end, I still think something electrical would be best. If you can come up with some inexpensive electrical mechanisms that is easy to install and easy to maintain, then you will have something that everyone would be demanding. You should however keep in mind that these wheelchair lifts are subject to building and safety codes, so you will have to look into some serious research before you approach such a project. Hmm this is very true. It would be possible to design something safe and purely mechanical, but it would likely never be able to be deemed "safe" by western standards (I do live in the UK). Possibly my brain is living in the victorian period though, or even 50-60 years ago, where it would be more possible. 

Part of this has also come from a local business having a ramp, but the ramp taking up around 14m2 of floorspace. Though I imagine a lift would cost thousands upon thousands to buy (heck, an ID scanner for the nightclub I work at would cost £6000-7000!). 

Very interesting thoughts though!  