Wheelchair Problems So my boyfriend and I go to tour an apartment, and I call them and I'm "Hey James is in a wheelchair, is the unit we are touring on the bottom floor?", right pretty simple. They assured me it was, we took his power chair so I wouldn't have to push him as my knees were hurting. We get there aaaannnndddddddd there is stairs -_-,  so chipper college girl tour guide suggests that myself, at a whopping 125 pounds and her not much bigger than me, we should just pick up his chair and carry it...... I told her that James in his chair weighed 600 pounds..... her response "well we are big strong girls, right?". I cannot even. I went through something like this when I was looking for a place a couple of years ago.

When I spoke to the leasing office, they assured me that the advertised unit was accessible. Well, when I got there, not only were there steps getting to & from the unit, but there was also a grassy slope as well. I told them off right then & there, saying that the posting they had made was false advertising, and that they really needed to brush up on what the term "wheelchair-accessible" means. Pretty standard stuff. I've lost count how many times this exact situation has happend to me, only time i've actually let people do it. 

Airport security

Nightclub in istanbull which was only 4-5 steps Well I'm sure the unit was on the ground floor this morning! My most annoying statement at the moment is from bus drivers who nearly always say, "You can get on if you can fold up your wheelchair."

What? Pardon? Even if my chair folded it would still take up the 2 seat spaces where the wheelchair space is, and then I'd need a third seat to sit on. I cannot even. "Is your store accessible?"
"Completely! There's just a couple stairs to get in."

Well I guess I'll astral project then! Seriously what is their logic And exactly how did she think James would get in and out of this place every day if you guys lived there? Or maybe she comes with the apartment? ;)

Also I find ABs can rarely be trusted to accurately remember if there are stairs. They just rarely need to think about it so they often can't really remember. If I'm asking by phone or email, I say "imagine the entry in your head. Are there any steps at any point?"

Sometimes google maps' street view can help for outdoor stairs. Or you can ask them for a photo of the entry in some cases. Ugh! I know the feels! Too many times where they say is accessible but it's all lies! We've only have one year of an apartment that was 98% wheelchair accessible  (2% would be the carpet in bedroom and narrow walk-in closet doors). The other places I just deal with it like one step to get in and out of the house (hubby built me ramps) and narrow bathroom doors (transfer to computer chair).

It's too bad that there isn't more accessible apartment and homes. I find it odd that most places that are ground level don't have wider doors in general... like why wouldn't you want a wider door?

#wheelchairproblems  This happened to me too many times but I never had a good retort in spite of how terrible it was to go through, and so disappointing each time. İstanbul is a mess for accessibility.  Those darn apartments, always moving around! 