Wheelchair tech! Hey folks! 

I’m a technician and I love helping people out. From rollators to vehicle modifications you name it I fix it. 

That being said. If you have any questions, want help with troubleshooting, sourcing parts, I am your guy. 

I have 4 years experience working for a large medical equipment provider and have seen some crazy things. 

I’m the guy that gets his kicks pulling hair out of your bearings! 

Ask away!   Aussie here 🙂 any recommendations on the best type of knobby tyres to put on a spare set of rims. I'm after something that used with my FreeWheel can handle a bit of dirt/gravel without 'slipping' and not getting traction like my regular tyres.  Thanks I'm looking at power assist options for a manual chair as my shoulders are stuffed. What do you recommend? Will your instructions on the casters work for a TiLite aeroX also.?   The caster flutter is driving me foolish and I cant seem to get rid of it for any length of time.  My chair is about 4 years old and gets beat up regularly on an airplane.    TiLite zra. That sounds good. I'll see if it works. 
 Thanks again. Neither of those will work. Frame is slightly bent at this point.
 *Thanks for contributing!*

I've got a 2-month-old Quickie S636 power chair, no tilt. I'm liking it pretty well, but the spring-loaded pantographic anti-tip assembly in the back rattles like a bag of castanets. The anti-tip wheels are just 1" off the floor when level. 

The ATP says there's nothing to be done -- do you have any insights? I'm looking for a second 'house' chair to make it easier to get around my house. What kind of chair should I look for and what features make it easier to get around a standard, minimally modified house? Hi, glad to see you here. 

Any solution for a floating caster on a rigid frame that's slightly twisted?

I love the chair and even though a replacement is on its way, I'd like to keep this one running smooth.
 I want to take the arm rest mounts off my tilite Zra but I need shorter screws or the whole back of the chair comes off? I just feel like my brain fog is really not helping me here maybe you can lol My front casters on my Ti Lite are having problems. It's hard to get them calibrated so that they are both even (one or the other will start to float) and they mis-align a lot. I have to travel with a hex wrench set to tighten/align them.  I'm also having a big "flutter" problem with the front wheels if i go at any speed above slow. 

I love the chair but the front casters and forks have been a big issue.  Ah thanks for this! Soooo my dad's wheelchair provided to him with a memory foam cushion causes him to have severe pressure ulcers, to the point where we only use it if we really have to. Thus he is now pretty much housebound. The local social services here didn't seem too interested in exploring alternatives. 

Can you recommend any particular cushion material to help prevent pressure ulcers? I have a Quantum Q6 Edge that has had the batteries replaced 3 times in the last month, but I still can’t really leave my house because my chair dies. Just yesterday, I charged my chair overnight, didn’t go anywhere yesterday except around my home, but yet my chair died 15%. 

 They have not checked the charger yet. When I charge it, it charges to 100%. It’s the charger that my chair came with. 

I live less than a mile to the grocery store, I cannot get there and back on a full charge.  Aren’t the free wheels awesome?

That’s a tough one. Knobby Tire’s tend to be larger in diameter and can throw off your seat dump. (Especially more with the freewheel)

What size rims do you currently have? What kind of tire?

If you have 26”x 1” or 25-590 Tires you can get away with a 24x2 as the overall height is close enough. 

Kenda nevagals are a good tire, lots of grip and seem to last. 

Most people a running 24s tho, unless you’re tall or have short arms. 

If you have 24” (540mm) wheels you could go with a 22”(501mm) with a 2” wide knobby

Side note, we love the Aussie made magic mobility X-8 power chairs. 4x4 power-chair? Hell yea! 

🙃I thought you guys were upside down? Front power assist? Rear? Wheels?  Take your chance with SmartDrive. My wife use it and she is happy with it.
However, there are few downsides of it: weight (it is too hard to attach it to the chair if you're seating in and requires some dexterity), problems with pushtracker may spoil your life for some period while it won't be replaced.

But at all it is really great device, very small by size and with the wide scale of settings for acceleration, speed settings etc  It definitely great help.
 Depends if it’s a series 1 or 2. It’s the same for the series 2. A serial number will tell me definitively. If you have access to it and are curious send it in a PM. 

When’s the last time you changed your  bearings?

Are you or someone you know capable of changing bearings? 



 Check out this [link](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/6zaky22x72hqkxw/AADQvx1cXYbjmainBuCGXsRra?dl=0) there is a pamphlet on how to adjust the frame and caster angle. It may help as well.  Not something I’ve worked on so I can’t give you any hands on experience. But just looking at the drawings, there’s a lot going on in those anti-tips. Certain chairs do have built in rattles. 

I don’t have access to the service manuals on my phone. I’ll check it out sometime today and let you know if I find anything.    Manual or power? 

What do you need out of the chair? Do you need it to fold? Do you need a modular backrest? 6 inch casters? 

It’s a lot of what you need and less about the house.

Surge LT hand rims are wonderful because they’re flat on the outside it can save a little width. 

standing chairs are nice if you can. Let’s you reach where you normally couldn’t. If that’s not in the budget maybe a q6 edge with iLevel. 

You can even get manual standing chairs. Helium, or pdg elevation (only worked on one, not super impressed but not super disappointed either) 

It’s super important to sit down and discuss these things with a specialist. I know a lot about different chairs, less about client needs. 

 I’ve had some success with a washer or two on the stem to push the fork down. 

What kind of chair? Swing away arms? 

I think that may be one I need a serial number for. So we’re talking apples to apples. There’s been a few different styles. 

 How old is it? 

Can you post a photo of the caster barrel? (Where the fork attaches to the frame)

When’s the last time you’ve changed bearings? 

Fix frame or rigid? 

Flutter could be a few things. First one being bearings. Both stem and caster bearings could do it. 

Could be your stems are loose.

Also if you’re COG is off a bit. 

 There are so many options and it’s discussed at great lengths amongst the professionals (therapists and doctors). 

A good sheepskin can help heal the ulcers. But you need to offload the weight on the pressure points. Memory foam can only do so much. 

A Roho cushion is what you want. It’s a pneumatic cushion that alleviates the pressure points. 

An alternative to the Roho would be a varilite they’re similar and I’ve heard good things. 

You really should work one on one with a rehab seating specialist to get fit properly and trial different cushions to find the best one. 

Mind if I ask if you’re Canadian or American? I assume you’ve had the charger checked? 

What kind of batteries?

Is it right away all bad or does it take a few days? How old is the chair?

Do you know what brand of batteries? 

The pride chargers are usually bulletproof.  I haven't used it a whole lot yet but it seems pretty awesome! They're 24x1 inch Primo (?).  I probably wont use the knobby tyres a whole lot except for a few ag show/field day type events. Thanks for the advice! 😀
 thanks. I have one on the way to trial. I;m really looking forward to it I changed the bearings at the end of March.   Unless I put bad bearings in there they “should” be ok.   I average 5-6 miles a day on relatively uneven surfaces and some packed gravel.   It’s really frustrating to work hard on crappy ground and when it’s smooth and should be easy  I come to a dead stop with any speed at all.  I’m reasonably mechanical but have the patience of a gnat so if it’s real fiddly I don’t do well.  The problem chair is in my car, will send you the serial number in the morning.   Serial number is 11953315 The anti-tips are definitely well-supplied with springs and bolts and whatnot. I know that the S636 is built tilt-ready, and I guess that the anti-tip assembly would have some sort of drive lockout in the tilt-in-space version. This is a second chair, I plan to keep my main one in the car to reduce the number of times I need to tear it down when I go to work. I'm also a fairly big guy so the smallest seat width I can get away with is 17", so any way to shave off width, or reduce corning radius etc is what I'm looking for. I don't need it to fold, and it doesn't need to be very light because I don't plan to take it out of the house. I'll take a look at your suggestions. Thanks a lot! Yes swing away arms I’ll get the serial number in a bit thanks!! I got the chair new about 6 months ago.  The bearings are still original. Fixed frame. 

Here are pics: 

[right caster](https://imgur.com/a/6UMMdaI) adjusting my footplate helped the flutter quite a bit. the part where the tubes go into the chair itself were uneven, and it messed up the entire alignment.   the casters still move a little, even when i tighten the nut in the fork really tightly.   Damn I forgot I asked about this!

Wow those cushions look amazing! In the UK here. I'm looking at those price tags and realising just why social services never pursued the whole pressure ulcer thing any further. 

No idea how to find a rehab seating specialist but I know who to ask. It might be that we cannot trial different cushions and may have to just buy one and hope for the best.  The chair is less than a year old, I got it in January. I am unsure of the brand of the batteries, but the wheelchair company told me that can’t get batteries from the manufacturer, so they just replace them. And yes, the charger is a Pride charger.  You'll love it. 6.0 miles ≈ 9.7 kilometres ^(1 mile = 1.6km)



^(I'm a bot. Downvote to remove.) 

_____

  ^| ^[Info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Bot_Metric/comments/8lt7af/i_am_a_bot/) ^| ^[PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=Ttime5) ^| ^[Stats](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=Bot_Metric&subject=stats&message=Send%20this%20message%20to%20get%20some%20stats!) ^| ^[Remove_from_this_subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=Bot_Metric&subject=Blacklist%20this%20subreddit&message=wheelchairs) ^| ^[Support_me](https://www.reddit.com/user/Bot_Metric/comments/8lt9lf/donate/) ^| ^[v.4.4.2](https://www.reddit.com/user/Bot_Metric/comments/8o9vgz/updates/) ^| I’m interested now. Lol!

I would do a thorough check of your bearings first. 

Make sure your stem bearings are good as well, not just the caster bearings. 

Often times the nylock nut on the fork wears out and no longer locks. It could be loosening up and allowing too much movement.  >11953315

Not sure why, it's not showing me which caster barrel you have. If you can take a picture and send it I should be able find it from there.  Had a look at the different diagrams. The only the difference from having swing away and no swing away is some tube washers. They look like a half moon rather than the flat ones you currently have. They might be a bit thicker to make up for not having the s/w brackets. The bolts are the same length too. 

You should be able to just remove the two bolts that hold the brackets on, slide the brackets out, reinstall the bolts and washers/spacers. Just do one side at a time. And make sure you put your bolts back in the same holes. 

You just got your chair too, I’d call the store you got it from and see if they’ll remove them for you. Tell them you want it done no charge as you just bought the chair. And request all the hardware back. If they value your relationship and want to keep you as a paying customer they should have no issues doing that. 

Just remember they’re there to make money and if they want more of your money they should be able to do some extra work for you. 
 Do me a favour and PM it to me.  No need to have your serial number out public. That’s odd...

Here’s how to check your[caster angle ](https://ibb.co/iP0YAp) 

You’ll want it at 90°to the floor. 

Make sure you tighten that Center bolt really tight(don’t break or strip it tho) 

You could also be having an issue with your foot plate tubes. If one is in the frame more than the other it will cause the rigid frame to twist a bit too. You can try loosening one of the screws that hold the tubes in. Tap the foot plate (decent tap). Tighten it up and try that.  I should never just assume North America. Sorry!

I honestly know nothing about the UK market. 

It’s all about asking questions to the right people. Sooner or later you’ll get the answers you need.

Definitely expensive, but worth it considering pressure ulcers can cause a whole host of problems and even death if left alone.  I was just go through your post history and saw your joystick is q-logic 3. 

Q-logic 3 tracks all the charging history and can tell a tech what’s going on. Unfortunately for you, Pride has locked all of that down. You need a login that is approved by pride techs.

This also means you’ve got the updated bus cables, the previous gens were prone to over current while charging. So that’s not the issue.

Your batteries should still be covered under manufactures warranty. Until January I believe. I’m shocked they’re telling you they can’t get the batteries from pride. 

Edit: this is wrong, I checked. 6 months on batteries in the US and Canada. 

Do you have access or know someone with a multimeter?   https://i.imgur.com/MXT71ql.jpg  Wow thank you SO much for your thorough response! This helps a lot!! Thank you for posting the dropbox files. I have a similar issue, with my casters losing angle, and am wondering if you could recommend a torque wrench? I'm a bit overwhelmed trying to figure out what would be best, especially given how expensive they are. thanks, this is really helpful.   Sure yup they're a real pain in the arse! At least now I know what he needs I can be more specific when asking for support.

And thanks for helping everybody here! Keep. Being. Amazing!!! When the tech came out the first time, he got good readings on his multimeter. He however did not bring the tool he uses to get all the stats from the controller.  Anytime! Feel free to pm me in the future if you have questions. 

Just another quick tidbit, with your serial starting with M, it means your chair is metric and not SAE/imperial. 

So metric Allen keys and wrenches. You can fit some imperial tools on metric fasteners but, they tend to be smaller so you can strip the fasteners easier. (Which you don’t want to do.)

 No problem, it’s not secret stuff. It’s usually in the manual for the chair. This is easier tho! Let me know if you need anymore help. Sometimes that caster flutter can stump me for a bit.  Anytime! Feel free to pm me anytime if you have more questions! 

I hope all goes well! I’d have them double check the charger, wiring, circuit breaker, and load test the batteries. 

If they’re gel batteries they will take 10-15 full charge cycles to build up full capacity. 
 Oh wow thank you!! True that. Though the manual doesn't say anything more than torque wrench, and I'm not exactly up on the differences between the types of them, so I'm looking for a recommendation with respect to a brand. it's very annoying.  tightening the front casters helps, but even when they are tight and even there's a lot of flutter once i start going at any amount of speed.  I will have them check all that. The batteries said lead-acid on the side, so not sure if that’s gel. 

I’ll see how it does today and call them if I am having trouble still. 

Thanks for your help.  Hello,

The wheelchair tech just left and after he checked everything on my list that I had, determined I needed to try a different charger, and if that doesn’t work after a few days, to then replace the joystick. I told him some rain got on it, but not a torrential downpour or anything like that, and he got all wide-eyed at me to make me understand how much of a no-no that was.

I’m not understanding how the controller is affecting the battery level; do you have an idea?  I gleaned over that part sorry! 

Depends on budget. 

If I had a choice, I’d go with parktool. I have some of their other tools and they’re pretty good for the price. There should be a nut inside the fork, that holds the fork to the stem. I believe it used to be 9/16” but they switched to metric (check your sn if it starts with M its metric) not too long ago, maybe a 15-16mm now. Make sure it’s snuggled up. Not too tight or your casters won’t swivel. 


 I’ve got some adjustment documents to send you, I’m just waiting for them to upload...hang tight. https://www.dropbox.com/sh/6zaky22x72hqkxw/AADQvx1cXYbjmainBuCGXsRra?dl=0

Let me know if that works. A little sprinkle shouldn’t hurt anything. 

But if the board gets wet and corrodes I could see it changing the resistance or something. But it sounds pretty far fetched to me.  

Hopefully the new charger fixes it.  

I have to ask, is the wall plug perhaps on a switch? 100% sure it’s being turned off?

 above and beyond!  thanks so much.   

I'm traveling this week, but i will attempt to make the adjustments over the weekend.  I'll let you know how it goes.  The charger doesn’t have an on/off switch. 

I thought the controller idea was a bit off, but we’ll see what happens over the next few days.  Anything worth doing is worth over doing. 

I’ll help as much as possible!  One more thing! One of those sheets say metric, one says standard hex key sizes. Double check your serial number. A 3/16” and a 5mm are awfully close but using the wrong one could strip the head of the screw. Some wall plugs are on switches for lamps or other things that may need to be switched off. 

I’ve been burned by that one a few times. 

Client says chair won’t charge. So I make a home visit and find out the plug has power, charger is working, chair is charging. Turns out they’ve also got a lamp plugged in to the same outlet that is on a switch that they turn off at night.  Yea, that’s not the case here. But after doing further research, it looks like Pride chairs have a history with bad problems. I’m going to have them replace the controller, but I’m not confident in it.  