Distributor I'm working with keeps pushing for Aluminum frame over Titanium, and I just...don't know?? Hello, /r/wheelchairs. I'm in the USA and, damn, our system is confusing. I'm really not sure whether I'm being fed propaganda or wisdom by these freaking companies, so I thought I'd seek advice with my fellow wheelies.

I'm a lifelong manual wheelchair user, and for the past 20ish years, all my frames have been titanium. But...my most recent chair is nearly 10 years old, and my shoulders are starting to have problems, so I'm getting pretty behind the times and also in need of change. I have a great job right now and, hypothetically, great insurance, so I thought, "HEY! Let's fix this problem!" 

Gah.

The distributor I'm working with is pushing me hard on "just" getting an aluminum frame, saying things like "the benefits of titanium are negligible" (is a 13% decrease in base frame weight really negligible??) and "insurance won't cover it anymore" (but my insurance company implies that they will, while refusing to comfortingly pre-authorize anything) (and I have 2 other historic titanium chairs--have insurance companies changed their stance on titanium??).

In the mean time, I've tried to research whether it's worth the risk of paying the extra cost out of pocket, and I feel like I've hit a wall of inscrutable media. The distributor with, probably, some vested interest in shelling out base models of course is promoting the aluminum. Ti-Lite with, probably, a vested interest in proselytizing for their distinctive feature, is promoting titanium. Other than my deep satisfaction with my two 10 and 20 year old titanium chairs, I just have no basis for comparison to work with here. 

What do you guys think? Can I throw an aluminum chair into the back of trucks and through the horrors of airplane storage methods for a decade? Have you noticed differences between the two frame alloys? [deleted] I noticed a huge difference in frame rigidity. When I went from Al to Ti I immediately felt the difference in the amount of energy it took to push and how responsive the chair is. I won't be going back to Al unless insurance totally balks on Ti whenever I need a new chair. I was stuck in an aluminum chair during rehab, use a TiLite ZRA titanium now. Weight wise the only place you'll notice is tossing it into a car, but its not a whole lot. Where I did notice a huge difference was the absorption, the titanium does a much better job of muting the bumps and cracks in the road. There are some good answers on here but I will let you in on a nasty secret.   The reason they are pushing aluminum is due to your insurance allowables.   Sure your insurance will cover a titanium frame chair but they will pay at K0005 rates. The exact same K0005 rates as the aluminum chair.   The issue is they will pay the same allowable but the titanium frame costs much more, usually the supplier cost is MORE than what your insurance will pay.   So if your insurance will pay $500 (not accurate but sick with me) for a K0005, the supplier will look at cost.  A titanium frame may cost $600 while the aluminum may cost $300.  If you are a business owner, what would you provide? 

Source: former Rehab Specialist, currently management.  Dude, mine do it to me all the time and I always end up breaking my chair enough that I replace it about every 3 years. Insurance finally told me nor long ago to push back for titanium next time.  Email TiLite and ask them. They're not a evil profit driven company, at the individual level anyway. Found everyone associated with TiLite, Roho, and Permobil(one owner) to be very kind and helpful.  Except that there's no design difference between the Al and Ti chairs from Ti-Lite. Interesting! I read an argument in defense of aluminum that actually put forth that the rigidity of the Al frame made it *better* at energy, because the absorbed impact/flexibility of Ti involved dissipation of energy. But anecdotally, it sounds like that might be BS... Helpful to know that the ride performance is so noticeable!  Eeep! I was wondering if there was some other motivation driving them. Their adamant titanium dismissal just seemed a little off...wrong numbers used, no discussion of pros and cons... And it's always notable to me when the general consensus of wheelchair users differs from the insistent, able-bodied salesman. 

This is awfully specific, but by any chance do you know of red flags I could look out for, ways in which the distributor might end up recouping costs by charging me even if my insurance "approves"? I've become wary of this distributor because they have a serious lack of transparency when it comes to any financial and insurance matters. Basically my only contact is one secretary who can't answer any of my questions but also won't transfer me to anyone else with more detailed knowledge, and in the meantime I have to sign a form making me financially liable for the entire chair (is that normal?). I dunno...I'm not even sure what I'm suspicious of, because I don't know the solid details at play (like K0005), but my spidey senses are tingling very ominously. [deleted] That's interesting. I've always understood Ti to be more rigid than Al. 

Edit: adding a source:  http://www.differencebetween.net/object/difference-between-aluminum-and-titanium/ Really here in the US you should be meeting with an ATP (Assistive Technology Professional) to discuss options and, be measured.  The fitting can be handled by a RTS. You should have direct access to the ATP as they have to be involved and have direct (face to face) contact with you.   Next time you call, ask to speak to the ATP working with you. If they say they can't, find a different provider.   Part of the oath to become a ATP is a large clause on honesty and accountability. A good company will be upfront with any 'upgrade' charges they have to make up the difference between allowable and cost. The company I work for won't even order a chair until the upgrade charge had been disclosed, approved, and payment arrangements made. We do it so you know exactly what you ate paying for and why.   I do know another company has said they will not order a product if the allowable is to low. They don't give the option for an out of pocket upgrade free. 

That being said, it is not surprising they have not had full financial disclosure with you. The DME/HME/Rehab equipment industry has always been under tons of mistrust and hard feelings. People see us at their worst and so have bad feelings towards us.   Complicating matters are the fraud and price hikes in other medical industries that people think we are part of.  I work for a company that is probably the most open about the crap allowables and even then it has taken a few YEARS to get comfortable to talk with patients about them.  I believe you're right and there is a pipe thickness difference! Or at least, the aluminum model I saw has noticeably fatter pipes than my old titanium chair. [Ah hah! I found a side by side picture](http://i.imgur.com/otvhars.jpg) [deleted] That's a T series next to a Z series, both could be titanium. 