Wheelchair groaning Howdy. I'm not disabled but I've acquired an old wheelchair. One of those cheapy folding ones. I wanted to fix it up as a fun little project. The thing is I noticed there's some tire squeaking/groaning. Kinda like what it sounds like when you put a lot of weight on an under-inflated tire and try to roll it. It sounds like it's coming from the small front wheels. The wheels are foam-filled it seems as there isn't a stem valve to inflate them with. How can I remedy this? 

Also, I'm not really expecting too much performance out of this, but it doesn't seem to coast very well. How can this be remedied? I'm gonna take it apart and grease everything up tomorrow so hopefully that will help, but it should be fairly well greased because it doesn't seem too noisy besides the wheel noise. Might replace the bearings too.  I do use a wheelchair, and I'm voting for new bearings. The front wheels need to be routinely cleaned because those who use chairs regularly pick up all kind of gunk, hair, street debris, water...if it's been sitting around a while they could have gotten rusty or something.

If you are just doing this for a fun project and have no use for the chair, consider finding a charity or offering it up on CraigsList. It took almost 6 months for my custom chair to be made and I was thankful to find a church that offered that ministry - a guy and his wife would refurbish donated medical supplies. 

Good luck! why. It's already been mentioned, but my first thought is also bearings. The little wheels *might* be flat, but usually they don't actually have air, and since you don't see a valve that's probably the case. Squeaking, groaning, not coasting...that's all what bearing death does. It's very common, they have to be replaced like every 6 months. Not totally sure about those cheap folding chairs, since they tend to have weird giant parts, BUT in every chair I've ever seen, the front bearing are the same size as skateboard bearings; you can get them in any skate shop. 

The ones I've seen take two bearings per wheel. You screw off the wheel, then tap the bearings to get them out (that part is sort of an art...I usually use a hammer to tap on a screwdriver lodged at the right angle). Because the wheelchair was free and I like fixing things.  