First chair (and power assist) that I am paying for advice please Hi
I have been a wheelchair user for about 15 years and have been using chairs supplied by wheelchair services (for people not in uk the hospital) however I really want something lighter and with a rigid frame as I borrowed a rigid one for an afternoon once and wow the difference in the ride was amazing

I currently have a Jay 3 back on my chair and a Jay something cushion because skin breakdown is a big issue (it has gel in it because it freezes if you leave it in the car) that will make you perky for your 8am hospital appointment!

So please tell me what you like and dislike about your chairs any niggles you wish you knew
I'm also after a power assist I think the Alber e or is there anything else?
Ideally I'd like something that would help me push but could be a joystick if needed I haven't found anything that does both
I have really crap joints and would like to try to push myself though but I definitely wouldn't be able to all the time as I can hurt myself doing nothing so I need a second option

Hopefully you made it this far sorry I ramble thank you for sharing your wisdom with me xx That’s a really broad question! With power assist, you should demo each one. Each has its own drawbacks and benefits. I’m a fan of the Smart Drive, for portability and versatility, but tetraplegics struggle with it, and it can sometimes activate unexpectedly. There are a few that are joystick operated, but it really depends on what you want. Think about whether you’ll be able to wheel under a table, how heavy the wheels or drive unit is (if you have to get into a standard vehicle and collapse your chair) and whether the battery is safe for air travel. Is the assist device easily removable or will you need a whole second chair to use it? Do you have to pay for the batteries yourself and how much are they? Can you manage it independently? Does it work on the terrain you deal with most often? I have both lightweight rigid chairs and folding ones.    I travel a lot on my own and much prefer my custom (TiLite)folding chair since it’s easier to use with a rental car.  However if you have an assist can it may not matter much from that perspective.  

I also use the Smart Drive regularly and I love that thing.     Mostly I use it for ramps and carpets and still push everywhere else but it’s made s huge difference on my shoulders.  The new one has a vibration sensor in a wrist band so you tap to go tap to coast and tap to stop.   It’s very adjustable as to how fast it goes.   When I first got mine I must admit that clapping would make the chair go and intended to run into things.    Now, if I’m just sitting somewhere I turn it off which is as easy as pushing a button on the wrist strap.  It did take me a while to get into that habit.    Once you double tap to stop the chair stops just like any other manual chair.  It goes on and off the chair in less than ten seconds

There are some quirks to the smart drive.  I’ve bent a number of the arms that attach to the chair and I’ve broken an ear off the connector part.   The company had always overnighted me parts.  They’ve been terrific to work with.  

 What kind of wheelchair are you going to get? Keep in mind that (generally) the more adjustable the chair, the heavier and less efficient it will be. Since you have been in a wheelchair for 15 years, you might want to consider a fully customized chair. But they are quite expensive. However, if you want a really nice ride, it is the way to go. I had thought that the power drive would be best but the assessor where I am getting everything from didn't think it would suit me as  you still need to be able to stop the chair and I can't do that every time
But I will get to play with it in person next week
This chair is all me funded I was left some money for the express purpose of getting equipment to help me
And I have a heavy folding chair a enormous electric chair that is half duct tape and has something weird going on with it that it makes a buzzing sound constantly
So I'm trying to combine and get any advice going
I have a chair hoist in my car so that's no problem and I am rarely off pavement and usually have hubby in tow too
Thank you so much for the points about the batterys definitely need to factor that in That sounds awesome it sounded like you had to stop it by grabbing the rims the way it was explained to me
I'm trying really hard to get any strength (I have none) I will get to try it at the assessment
I'm hoping to wheel myself some when I can my current chair they removed the rims to discourage me even trying
But I am so much more stable now I got a referral to a day center that does rehabilitation and has a full gym and it's 5 minutes away from my home (why didn't I know about this place before!) so hopefully I can build up strength and motor function
Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge sounds really awesome and kinda promising  I'm getting a rigid frame so it's more steady om my back I sat in one once and then ride was so much better
The assessor mentioned tilite and something else over the phone but not any specific models
I've only had heavy hospital chairs thank you so much for sharing your knowledge 
 If you can’t reliably stop then the smart drive isn’t going to work.  > I'm hoping to wheel myself some when I can my current chair they removed the rims to discourage me even trying But I am so much more stable now

Have you spoken to whoever removed your wheelrims since you have regained some strength? They can put them back on so you can try to push yourself, especially as you're now doing rehab.

Really it sounds like you could do with a new OT/engineer assessment as your needs have changed. What you're using now sounds like a standard wheelchair (universal steel hospital folding job), and what you're looking at getting is an active user chair (custom aluminium rigid frame). There are also chairs somewhere in the middle that are lighter than a hospital chair but not custom made and much cheaper.

Rigid frames are a much lighter ride but they do have bad points - they are less stable than a standard wheelchair as the axle is further forward which is what makes them easier to push. Wheelchair services will not prescribe them to people who struggle with their balance or strength because they are more likely to tip over. You also won't get the full use out of it unless you can balance on your back wheels. You can put anti tip wheels on an active chair to stop you tipping backward but that limits your ability to go up and down kerbs etc. 

I would suggest that you hold off on the new chair until you've done a bit of rehab and see what kind of progress you make, and get another assessment. Rehab can massively change the kind of chair you need. If you will primarily be using electrical assist a very lightweight chair isn't as important as the motor will be doing the work, but if you will be mostly pushing an active user is better.

Re: funding this depends on what country of the UK you live in. Another assessment may mean you qualify for an active user on the NHS, or a voucher towards the cost. At the very least it would give you an assessment of your needs even if you don't qualify for NHS funding. If you work you can also get funding through Access to Work for certain chairs. 

 Tilite is a good wheelchair, however, it is not custom made. TiFit is made by the same company but it is custom made. A custom made chair (TiFit) will be lighter and MORE rigid than a non-custom made chair (Tilight). It will also be more expensive. Do you understand the difference? An adjustable chair is like going to M&S and buying a  wheelchair off of the rack. A custom made chair is like going to a tailor and having a suit made just to fit you. Thank you that's really helpful and gives me lots to think about
I will see if wheelchair services can see me again
I can't wait to start at the gym I haven't heard yet but it shouldn't be long there isn't a waiting list it's just prosessing time
I've been doing exercises from when I was at Stanmore rehab years ago but I think I'm way past those I'm just so pissed off that there was a local place all this time  Thank you XX runs off to look up about it  