What are the best wheelchairs for people that want to be active and do sports? One of my relatives has recently lost the use of his legs and he's the kind of guy that likes to stay fit. So do you guys have any suggestions? Or at least point me to some websites that would help me make a decision on what to get? Thanks in advance.  There are [sport wheelchairs](http://www.spinlife.com/critpath/match.cfm?categoryID=9) for specific sports like wheelchair basketball, rugby etc. Hand cycles to replace bikes if he likes that sort of stuff, and wheelchairs made specifically for racing. It all depends on what he likes, what sorts (if any) team sports are in his area, and what sort of things he wants to get into.

If he wants more of a general, everyday, lightweight wheelchair that will help him stay fit in his daily life, an ultra lightweight wheelchair like a [TiLite](http://www.tilite.com/) are nice.  Talk to the recreational therapist at his rehab center. They will have tons of info. He should probably get used to being in a wheelchair first before he sinks a bunch of money into something specialized and expensive--I speak from experience!   If insurance pays for his chair I'd save it for a more custom chair after he figures out what he wants.  I'd get something very stable to start out with and I'd buy it online--he'll save a ton of money.   Once he uses that for a while, he will have a MUCH better idea of what he likes and doesn't like in a chair and he'll have an easier time buying something more tailored to the type of activity he does.   I also had much better luck talking to some of the specialists online than I did at places that sold wheelchairs or what the PT folks had in mind.  I'm not sure why but what the local folks pushed was expensive and not ideal--opposite of what I expected.    My everyday use chair is an ultralight semi custom TiLite chair which I love and I have a different custom chair for offroad use, and yet a third chair for "going fast on smooth surfaces" Thanks. Your comment is really helpful :) 