New to trying to be independent, wheelchair purchasing tips? I’ve used a manual chair for over ten years, I’m 21 so my parents have been in charge of this stuff most of my life. I’m noticing since I’ve been in college that they have no idea how this stuff works and have low key been in denial and really just haven’t helped me have the most accessible life. I’m working on being independent and part of that is getting a new chair that’s rigid and light and actually fitted to me. I have spinal muscular atrophy type 3. 
I don’t have good insurance, it’s just United Healthcare (healthcare feels like the wrong word) and I don’t know if I can have them help with one. But either way, how can someone like me pay for this with minimal assistance from my parents? I mean I had to buy my own tub lift recently so I just don’t see them helping get the ball rolling with any of this.  I would advise reaching out to a local company that specializes in wheelchair sales, and find a sales person you trust. Their job is to hop through those insurance hoops, and size your chair correctly. If you're unsure who a good vendor is around you, ask around places like where you did your injury rehab. Personally I use NuMotion, but pretty sure they are Indiana only. Just so you know, United will pay most of a new chair every 5 years.  You can do it without your parents, you just need to find a good Complex Rehab Provider to work with.

I wouldn't knock United for not paying for a tub lift, the only insurance that will help with those is state Medicaid and that is happening less. Most insurances don't like covering bathroom items. Register with Vocational Rehab and they'll take care of you. They'll get you whatever you need. DVR basically helps people become financially independent. I don’t remember the requirements to get their help. You may have to be on SSI but they paid for me to go to school and I know they have even bought people a van with lift and hand controls installed. For DVR to buy you a new chair you would have to show how your current chair is a barrier to financial independence. The program is ment to get people on disability back into the workforce. 

Another poster mention your insurance should cover most of not all of the cost of getting the new chair. If that is the case then DVR will not cover a new chair for you. But if you have a copay or deductible left over from getting your new chair they might pay that if they deem it necessary for your rehabilitation. Either way, you should go check them out.

It’s a government agency, so yes, of course your going to have to make an appointment! NuMotion is a national company with branches in most states. They can be hit or miss so work with, depending on the branch. I used to work for one of the two companies that merged to form NuMotion.  

Another national company is National Seating and Mobility.  I have never worked for them and I am not a fan of the local branch.

Local companies are usually better because they care more about making you happy so you come back. Just make sure you work with someone who has a ATP certification. No no, I was fine paying for the tub lift, I didn’t even look into United paying for it. I was more knocking my parents tbh. I’ve been noticing lately they haven’t put effort into making our home accessible even though they’ve had a kid using a wheelchair for a while and they know it’s not temporary. 

But I’m very glad to know that United can do more than just pay for my prescriptions, that’s really all I’ve used it for so far.  Insurance not covering necessary medical supplies drives me crazy. Agreed. If you haven’t taken advantage of the department of vocational rehabilitation please due before their funding gets cut. Thanks so much for all this. Just finding out where to start is a big deal.  Got it. Hopefully things improve for you. I have worked in the industry for over a decade. I am still astounded that they won't cover bath safety items. Sadly it won't matter if things keep going down hill. Do I just go in and say how I need help? Do I make an appointment?  I feel a little dumb being so unaware of all of this but I really didn’t notice I needed so much until I took my head out of my ass recently. My parents have never taken me to an independent living center or vocational rehab. They’ve never shown me how to travel on public transportation, I’ve had to experiment with friends. 

Do any of you know how the shower chairs work/if they’re worth it? I do not know what your range of motion/independent movement is like. So, I can really only speak to my experience with shower chairs. The one that I have is fairly large. Which is both a help, and a hindrance. It helps because it means that my hips are not unduly confined. It is a hindrance because my right leg tends to adduct. That is, if it is left to its own devices, it will fall through the openings.

Still, I am glad to have it. Even if I have to be strapped in. For me, I do not use it independently. As I have a personal care aide. Still, from the point of fighting, and skincare, a functional shower chair is incredibly helpful.

One of these days, I hope to not needed, because I would much rather prefer to have an accessible bathtub. As speaking for myself, and what I have been told over the years, being able to submerge completely in a bath is preferable to showering. But that is neither here nor there, and I am happy with the shower chair that I will be using for the foreseeable future. 