Do yyou live independently? I'm an 18 yo cerebral palsy teenager who's just received an electric wheelchair as a gift. I currently live with my parents and my sister, but I'd love to live independently in a few years. What should I take into account? Is this an impossible mission?
Can you share your stories? I am 32 and about to move out on my own. Check out my blog at http://www.independentaccessibleliving.com. It is possible, but took a  lot of planning. Please PM any questions you have. I'm 40, divorced, and live with a roommate. However, I'd say that I live independently, since I do everything for myself. I'm in my 30s, I have lived on my own since I was 22. It's definitely possible, takes some planning. Where are you from, OP? There may be supports you can access if you need it. Do you need support to dress or bathe? I'm 32 and live with my husband and two kids. My friend is 43 with CP and is a single mom to a 15 year old. It's definitely possible. My biggest struggle is that I want an accessible van and am poor lol Thank you so much, everyone! I really appreciate all your answers because they help me be more positive in the long run. :D I'm from Romania. I don't need support to breathe, but I need it to put my shoes on. I can dress myself quite easily, but it takes more time. 
I have problems when it comes to undressing if I wear jeans or thick trousers, but I guess it'll get easier in time. Do you have access to an occupational therapist? A lot of those are minor things that with practice or inexpensive tools you could easily do independently. An OT could speed up that process. 

The thing with a power chair is that they can limit your choices in housing and transportation, but they make a ton of things like grocery shopping a lot easier. 

Can you stand at all? 

You'll need to scout out and try to find ground level apartments that have open spaces, especially the kitchen, to accommodate your power chair.  I don't have an occupational therapist. I can stand for a minute or so.  I'm not that familiar with Romania but if OTs are available there is suggest you talk to one. If not, the best bet is to reach out to a local disability organization that has people with a disability similar to yours that you can talk to. There's nothing like talking to someone in person who lives on their own so you can see how they do it.  