Got a few questions about wheelchairs So my grandma just started using one, and I have been helping her daily. 

She was using one on loan, then got her own. I liked the one on loan, it seemed normal and worked. I don't know the brand of it. 

This new one (It's this brand, not sure if this is it or if it is a little different): 

http://www.drivemedical.com/index.php/cruiser-iii-wheelchair-1078.html

doesn't really stop when I put the breaks on, so I have to be really careful, seems kinda flimsy, and the seat doesn't really stay on. The Physical Therapist did tighten it, but would this one be considered cheap? Also, since I have been taking her on longer walks, how common is it to get a flat tire? I don't want to get stuck somewhere or for something else to break down- what else breaks down? Thanks.  Check the tires. Wheelchair tires are usually about as tough as bike tires, but some have inserts rather than just air inside. They ride a little harder but can't go flat. If you're worried you could carry one of those aerosol bike repair things. (Hang a bag on the back of the chair if you haven't already, it's very handy.)

I can't speak for or against the brand. But as for terrain, if you're taking it gently enough not to damage your grandma, the chair should be okay. Make sure she uses her seatbelt.

You may be able to adjust the brakes to press more firmly. If not, consider carrying something in the bag you can put under a wheel the way they put chocks under airplane wheels, in case you need to park on a slope.

Is there a way to get the type of chair she had as a loaner? Talk to her doctor because they may need to write a prescription for it. Also, are certain terrains bad for a wheelchair? Today I was taking her up a hill and didn't realize how bumpy the sidewalk was, and wasn't sure if the wc was going to get damaged.  I can't really speak on the brand, it looks pretty generic for what you need it for. Generally, the more you spend on a wheelchair, the better it will be and the better it will hold up on bumpy terrain (but I wouldn't worry too much, unless the things are becoming loose because of the bumps).

I wouldn't worry too much about the tires. It's been awhile since I've used air tires, but I can't remember ever having issues with flat tires. Just check them occasionally.

As for the brakes, you might need to slide them back. To do this you loosen the 'clap' they are on then slide them back on the frame. Thank you. I'm going to check the tires tomorrow, and figure out how to tighten the breaks, and for now use something to block the tires (I did it with my foot today). Ya, I am going to ask the PT what chair it was, and try to get that for her. I don't think it's good to go cheap on a wheelchair.   They can be.  The tires are generally tough, but throwing a lot of hard edges and rocks at it will eventually give you a rough ride.  
Also, drops can effect a few things, like seat fitment, and if it's a hard enough drop, frame damage can occur.

Overall though, a little off-roading in a isn't the end of the world.  I've taken mine through a forest path with no problems. Thank you for the info. The breaks are working better now.  Thank you, that's what I was wondering about, the light off-roading. Idk I'm a fast walker, so I felt like I was being too rough with the wc.  