Just finished a new lighting system for my chair  Pretty awesome man. I like the headlights a lot.  This isn't my usual haunt, but I figured someone here might be able to use some of this info. I can go into more detail if needed, but essentially the system is all made from things I picked up on Amazon for about $150 USD. I had a few odds and ends laying around which might total another $5-15 depending on sourcing.

The entire system wired together and mounted in a matter of hours and the peace of mind I have rolling down the sidewalk at dusk is worth all the time and effort put in. Hope this helps someone out there! This is really cool! Thanks! 

We actually have almost identical chairs. Would love more details—like how you got that sweet purple glow underneath! 

I too have black chair with purple highlights. Looks like Tilite? Anyway...rad...would love any more details you want to type out. (How do you turn the light rig on?) Nicely implemented. Clean and effective. Thanks for making sure the headlights don't blind passer bys. Thanks! They're Lylla U5 single mode Cree LED foglights, picked them up on Amazon for about $25. Bright as hell, lol! Yep, I'm rolling in a Tilite Areo Z, black with purple accents.

The purple is four LED strip lights that are single color (they have other options beyond purple), the link for all the parts I used is in the video description, but I bought the 20 pack because these cheap strips are notorious for having a few bad LEDs in the bunch. And I can replace any that go out in the future more readily.

The purple lights are wired to turn on whenever I turn on the main battery pack which has it's own in-built on/off toggle. the headlights and tail light I wired to a 10 amp switch that came with the headlights (it actually came with 2 switches, but I'm saving the second for a future project). The battery pack is in the back pouch of my upholstery (though it could be mounted or tucked away several other places if you're creative) and the switch I've mounted to the very left side of my towelbar.

Added bonus if anyone has the Phoenix Instinct set of wheelchair luggage, the spread on the rear floodlight wraps around the luggage and shines under most other backpacks to maintain as much visibility as possible. Thank you! Yeah, I wanted as much visibility as possible without causing traffic accidents... but tbh, it isn't entirely altruistic, they're aimed somewhat down to make sure I get full illumination of the surface in front of me for those cracks and such! Oh

My

God

First of all, we do have the same chair. But second of all, and much more inspiring of the oh my god... that Phoenix luggage set!!! I had no idea it existed and I am so happy to find it. Thank you! You bet! They just came out with a carry-on version on kickstarter (though I think delivery is projected for late summer/fall) and both that version and the original have the option to be waterproofed and/or sent with a foam infill in case you travel with electronics. Personally, one of the most impressive things to me is the fact that for rigidity and balance, they use a corrugated metal plate instead of the plastic liner so many other duffels use.
I am happy to have inspired, your reaction has just validated this post for me, heh. By the by, not sure why it took me until this morning to remember to also recommend the bluetooth speakers I've got on my underseat bar. I'm using [this Eceen bluetooth speaker](http://a.co/314nsAD). It's got a built in waterproof storage which is big enough for a 16g co2 cart and valve, a tire pressure gauge, flashlight, and a few other bits and bobs (at least, that's whats in mine) and has a 4000mAh battery driving some fairly loud speakers. The tools are basically an emergency kit for me since they're hard to access in the chair, but the speakers are easy enough to reach down and turn on when I want to become a rolling party. 