How to handle when a hotel gives away the last WC room which you had reserved? Ran into a situation where our hotel gave away our room we had reserved that was ADA accessible and had a needed roll-in shower.  My family had flown in for the week specifically to stay at that all-inclusive resort so moving properties wasn't really an option.  There were other WC rooms available, but at a higher price level and the manager pressured us into staying in a regular room with a portable toilet they brought in.  Showering was impossible for the entire week. We accepted because we didn't know what else we could do.

Are there any protections someone has in this situation?  Can a hotel legally sell you a room with specific ADA features and then not give you that room when you arrive as well as refuse to give you another one at a higher price tier when it is empty?

I have this constant fear in the back of my mind that it will happen again and would like to be informed as much as possible to handle the situation better should it happen again. I had this happen to me a couple years ago. We planned to drive to GA, passing through Baltimore. Going we booked a small hotel with a wheel in shower, confirmed all good. The day we left for GA, we checked the reservation we had for the way back 10-days later; they confirmed it, it'd be the same room.

10-days later we arrive back at the same hotel, they've given us another, non-accessible, room. There were no other rooms available, and the manager that night (a real slimey guy) tried to get us to accept it. We argued and made a scene for about 10-minutes, threatening to call the parent company and report them to the ADA.

Finally he was like "Lemmie see if I have anything else available in the area at a sister hotel". They did, at a much nicer hotel. We argued again, 14-hours on the road, we confirmed our reservation in person, and ended up getting one night at the price of the cheaper place where we were going to stay the night. The sister hotel was so nice we ended up staying 2 days, we paid full price the second which was ok because they were very understanding and took our side in the ordeal.

Side note: when we were moving from one hotel to the other, the slimey guy volunteered to lead us there. It was literally right around the corner, not even a 2-minute drive. I believe the Only reason he did that was to look like a hero in the eyes of the super attractive manager at the other hotel.

Tl;Dr be firm. If you are right, you are right. They have to fix they're mess up, and it should be at no cost to you. Monetary or dignity wise.  I’m not sure what I’d do in that situation! I would probably try to argue myself into one of the other rooms, with price comped to match. But...I don’t have the experience to claim that would work. 

In regards, however, to trying to avoid this in the future—may I ask how you made the reservation? I travel solo a lot, and use a wheelchair, so I have paranoia about this as well. However, what has worked for me is to never, ever, ever go through a third party site. Absolutely no booking sites. Booking sites are such shameful BS when it comes to reserving the ADA room. They’ll SAY they reserve it, but actually they just kinda...make a note of it. In the meantime, the hotel itself can separately book the room. This creates situations such as you describe. The problem can also happen with hotel chains, if you try to use their online booking. Basically...all the online booking is broken. Instead of using any of these, I always call the hotel directly or the hotel chain reservation line. You’ll notice if you start calling that over the phone, even the central reservation lines of major chains have to first call the specific hotel to reserve the ADA room. For whatever reason, automation just doesn’t work yet. If I have ANY doubt that the reservations person isn’t on point, I also double check my reservation later by calling the hotel. Ever since I implemented this strategy (phone not internet, and double checking afterwards), I’ve had no issues with the right room being booked. Businesses will attempt to get away with whatever they can get away with. IF you have no other option, you are at their mercy. In my experience, I was fortunate to have options. When I was told my accessible room was not available, I told them I would not be staying at their property, and left. They could not charge me, because they did not have my reserved room...always get a confirmation number and hopefully a print out. If you do not have anything to show them, they will get away with whatever they can. >There were other WC rooms available, but at a higher price level . . . 

I would try to get one of the other WC rooms but at the price of the room you reserved.

It sounds like they were violating the ADA and should be reported. If moving isn't an option:

* Demand an upgraded room at the price of your original room.
* If manager does not agree, discuss with his manager
* After your stay, start a letter writing campaign to get a refund. Make complaints to upper management, BBB, tripadvisor and insist on a refund. In most cases you will receive one. I’m a WC user and also travel frequently, and agree with you 100%. Best answer on the thread.

I would only add: if you need a roll-in shower, make sure you specify that *in addition* to requesting an ADA room. Many hotels offer different types of ADA rooms, including some with roll-ins and some with a tub. If you don’t specify, the person booking the reservation may just put you in a standard ADA room. 

And OP...if any hotel gave away my ADA room, but still had other “upgraded” ADA rooms available, I would DEMAND they give me one of those rooms at the same price. Make sure you speak with a manager, and let them know you will reach out to corporate if they don’t make the situation right.  The same happened to us but through a third party booking. the receptionist was very sweet and gave us an upgrade to another disability room with a discount to ensure we paid no more. we find premier Inn very good in this case in the UK Absolutely agree with Grinch83 and weboverload. . .I will look online at the places where I need to stay, and if a third-party site has a better rate than the hotel itself, I'll call and ask if they can beat XYZ's price. Then I'll say what I need specifically, and ask that they include that in the confirmation email. If I don't get the details in the confirmation email, I'll email/call back and ask for the confirmation again. And I think I'd have argued with the manager about putting me in a higher price point. If that ever happens to you again, say something along the lines of, "I understand that you gave away the room I specifically requested and that is not my fault. So I'll be happy to take the room you're offering at the original price I had booked."   
I hate being treated like a second-class citizen, and a manager should definitely not do that to you. If there is a corporate number for you to call, then by all means, do it and tell them that you felt like they were taking advantage of your situation.  