Wheelchair transport Hello! Caregiver here. My partner, to whom I'm a caregiver, recently got a wheelchair. It's a collapsible one that's fairly lightweight, and I've been looking into options for me to carry it into our apartment. 

Unfortunately, we live in an apartment complex that isn't really wheelchair-accessible. Fortunately, my partner can make that short walk from when we have to close up the chair and carry it in. And while we don't have a ton of stairs to go up/down, even the fold-up chair can be a bit awkward to hold.

I was wondering if there were any sorts of slings or backpacks made for caregivers to transport wheelchairs? Every time I keep searching for "wheelchair backpacks," or any version of it, I keep getting the backpacks for the backs of wheelchairs. Which are awesome, and we are getting her one, but it's not what I'm looking for in this case. I'm thinking that, if I can't find something, I'll have to have one custom-built. (Which, again, is fine. I just need to know my options.)

Thanks! Google "wheelchair carry bag" and/or "wheelchair travel bag." You might have to fiddle with quotes or look for information in odd spots. 

I found these two in the image search page, for example: http://www.phc-online.com/Rollator_Travel_Bag_p/nov-4000tb.htm and http://www.thelivingcentre.co.uk/biston-wheelchair-carry-bag.html.

Got the idea from this product: http://www.1800wheelchair.com/product/medline-transport-chair-carry-bag/ search for a bag with dimensions close to the folded chair. You could add color choices or manufacturing origin if you so choose. A travel bag sounds great for the intended purpose, but to get it in and out and in and out of the bag to carry a short distance seems like it would get old fast.  I'd probably to a hardware store and find some canvas webbing and a couple big carabiners or something simalar.  Tie the clips to the strap et viola.  Or use two straps to carry it backpack style.

I tip the chair back and push it on just the big wheels, folded up.  Easier to steer and get up or down steps, and not as hard on my back as carrying it.  

Some people use more than one assistance device, such as a wheelchair that stays in the car for going out, and a rollator inside the home.  

Hope you find something that works for you!  ~fellow caregiver http://www.travelwheelchair.net/wheelchair-accessories-wheelchair-travel-c-3_50-l-en.html 