[Serious] Wheelchair users of Reddit, how did you rediscover sex? I'm working on a script for a short film about a young woman, once athletic, who requires a wheelchair after breaking her back in a climbing accident.

Recovering, she gets frustrated by her husband who is overly solicitous. He can only see a person in the chair and not the sexy woman he married, and she wants to have sex again.

I'm trying to avoid being exploitative. The story is about how people reconnect, so I am asking a serious question.

How do people do that? How do you (as a wheelchair user) get your partner to see you as a sexual person again?

For the partners, I'd like to ask how did you cope with these changes?

p.s. Not looking for fap stories, I'm interested in hearing about peoples' relationships and how they made them work.

Thank you all. I met my husband post injury so I've never seen him walk. He's always been sexy to me, maybe if you have a hard time finding people in chairs to be sexy, you shouldn't try to produce art with it. We don't need another pity the cripple story.  Not sure if you are in a chair but this would be a fucking hard thing to write about if you are not. Some advice... dont write about sex in a wheelchair unless you been there and done that, way to complicated and looks fucking stupid if you get it wrong. pillows help with positioning Power chair or manual chair. Breaks her back at L5/S1 or T6? Gets a chair immediately because she's loaded like every rock climber isn't except in films about disability, or waits a year couch bound like I was until he can scrape together enough funds to buy a second hand a poorly sized piece of rubbish on eBay while waiting another 18 months for the government to come to the table with funds while you don't get to be there for the birth of your first kid. Which country? US? UK? Australia? New Zealand.  I'm in a power chair and I dated a lot but never had a serious relationship until I met the woman who would eventually be my wife. She's always treated me like a man who happens to be in a chair and not a chair bound man. We've always been hot for each other. Yes there are things/positions I can't do but I do my best to leave her satisfied. 

Not exactly your scenario but it's all about the confidence of being who you are and your partner seeing you like that as well. I am a 20 yo college student who is in a wheelchair due to an auto accident (other driver was drunk). I was very sexually active before the accident. I have been trying (successfully) to get "back in the game".

My story can be found at:

https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/5glyyk/20f_in_wheelchair_wants_sex_on_dates_not_getting/

https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/5idxxq/update_20f_in_wheelchair_wants_sex_on_dates_not/

An important thing to remember is that everyone is different. Some people have spinal cord injuries with varying degrees of loss of function and feeling. Their disability is likely permanent.

I have a loss of leg function; everything above my legs works OK. I can't stand or walk, but I can lie in bed with no trouble. On my back with my knees up and legs spread, I am like any other girl.

My leg problem might improve in a few years with physical therapy and surgery.  The "might" is important.

Good luck with your project and keep coming back with questions. Seconding this. We desperately need more disabled characters whose whole personalities don't just consist of their disabilities. Well... Alfonso Cuarón never trained as an astronaut, Steven Spielberg never served in the US military (or in the WW2 German military) and Stanley Kubrik was never a Roman gladiator.

It is possible to tell good stories even if you haven't "been there and done that." If you couldn't, then you rule out Gravity, Saving Private Ryan, Schindlers List, Spartacus, in fact EVERY piece of art created by artists.

I'm not asking about sex in wheelchairs. I'm asking about love and romance and how you make relationships work when this one specific thing changes. Oh i agree that it is possible, but in this case it is bloody hard.

I have been in a wheelchair 21 years. Broke my back when i was 18. Lost feeling to my dick. Hardest time in my life and i tried killing myself a couple of times cause of it. You want to go down that path good luck, but it is not a story about space or gladiators, it's a story about the worst shit in a person's life.

The one specific thing you are talking about is the single worst part about being in a chair... fuck walking or shitting myself, not feeling my dick is the worst part of the whole thing. You are not talking about a side line to disability you are talking about big fucking deal and a couple if reddit posts are not going to give you that insight. 

Edit: expanding on the relationship during accident... you will find that very few relationships survive. You become very selfish during the first few years and this puta huge pressure on the partner. It is a personal experience which is impossible to share with a partner. Thank you for the response. I'm not being sarcastic, your point of view did open my eyes a lot.

Particularly your comment on selfishness. I didn't want (as someone else commented) to do a "pity the cripple story" and that really helped. What do you meant by becoming very selfish during the first couple years?  