Wheelchair Ramp​ Survey Hello, we are a group of students who are attempting to create a future product that would address portable wheelchair ramps. We would greatly appreciate anyone who takes this survey to further improve our overall project. The survey is 13 questions and should not take very long, thank you :) The link is below!

[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScZaVPqnXBlekkz7qEWDaGG\_DmsAKAPWV0vlyD2XT\_2\_dTvoA/viewform?usp=sf\_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScZaVPqnXBlekkz7qEWDaGG_DmsAKAPWV0vlyD2XT_2_dTvoA/viewform?usp=sf_link) Some constructive feedback: it was a little difficult to answer some of those questions, because the answers are so context specific. For example, with ramps for covering higher heights, I would care more about cost (because they grow in cost per height) and weather (because possibility for slipping grows). For ramps of low height, those don’t matter as much and I would care more about portability. The questions about getting past steps were even fuzzier. It depends if someone can stand at all, it depends if you’re with friends or family vs strangers vs solo, it depends drastically on the number of steps (even two are significantly harder than one). Just...so situational. 

The question I was most interested in though was the one at the end: what would I like you to focus on. I have two ideas I’d like to share! Here are two things that to the best of my knowledge haven’t been created by anyone anywhere: 

1. A truly portable ramp. Look, the whole territory of ramps that are “portable” via car and medium man power is almost totally covered. What doesn’t exist is a ramp someone could take with them in a bag anywhere in the world. I can’t pack a backup ramp in my plane luggage just in case my Airbnb’s door has a step. I can’t throw one in my backpack because I’m going over to a friend’s and there’s a step. I can’t fling one down on the fly to cross a street where there’s no curb cut. A truly portable ramp would be amazing.

2. A modular design that enables easy building of a ramp for any height. As mentioned above, longer ramps get expensive. They also get a lot heavier. Once you hit 4 or 5 steps, you’re no longer currently in portable ramp territory, at least not by “medium” man power. There’s no way to get around the longer length of material needed for a higher ramp, due to slope requirements. But it would be cool to see a system that lets you build one out, for arbitrary heights, using lightweight pieces! 

Anyway, just some ideas! Please create a cool portable ramp. :-p  Thanks for your feedback! We are attempting to create something that would be small enough to fit on the wheelchair without it being a distraction that would be able to accomidate any height. So far, we are disscussing having an attachment that would allow for the user to independanly go up different step heights but we will totally working out how to make this something that would allow for the user to go up more that one step at a time. Anyways, thank you so much for taking our survey! 