My new chair! It's name is Clockwork  That's beautiful. Nice wheels! I've never seen rims like those before.  Love it! I've always been curious about the SoftWheels :)  I'm a info resources manager attached to the only SCI specializing rehab hospital in my province. I make educational resources and events, and manage the resource centers.

Cushions are a really personal thing, and I think it's been great to see a lot more cushion options for the moderate to high risk population than just ROHO. Back in the day it was jay, ROHO and foam. ROHO seems a lot less popular now but wow, is Ride a huge favorite with the therapists. I'd bet that buying patterns here might be different up here given our different funding environment, assuming you're in the US. Those rims are sweet! 
May I ask, why clockwork? 
(No judgement lol mine's name is Little Bastard(because James dean)) Holy upgrades Batman! One question though, why would you choose a roho cushion when you could have a lighter Varilite Zoid that offers better pressure reduction for the same price? Also, with the J3 back, Softwheels, and roho that thing has to weigh over 10lbs, what is the total weight?  They are called Softwheels. The spokes are shocks that are supposed to give a softer ride.  are they shocks? Yes as the other person says they are softwheels. I honestly adore them right now :) So far I'm LOVING the Softwheels! Fantastic ride! Super smooth Yeah we are in the US. It was a toss up for us between this Roho and a Ride Java cushion. I went for the Roho but if it doesn't work out I'll try the Ride. They looks pretty interesting. Clockwork Orange ;) lol

I love love Little Bastard for a name! ROHO is still considered the seat of choice for people with history of pressure ulcers, though that's a hybrid elite which is not great for pressure relief. I have that cushion (and hate it) but it's pretty light at least. I don't like Varilite Zoid cushions. At all. I used it on my last chair and had nothing but issues with it.

I love my new roho.

Also my chair was built for my specific needs. I've got a medically complex disability. It's great some people can go for super light chairs. I'm not one of those. 
 Do they? I didn't know they were on the consumer market yet. Yes, they are called Softwheels.  I'm using the Invacare Matrix Libra. I like it because the gel stays in place. Really your PT or OT should be using pressure mapping to figure out which cushion will be the best for your body. 
 Makes sense :P how are the soft wheels working for you? I've heard really good things More therapists, ATPs, and patients are going to Varilite because it offers better, more effective pressure relief none of the downsides to a roho.  Varilite is also adjustable air bladder but has the benefit of being filled with foam so it is much easier to adjust while never risking going flat. I would look into it next time.  Varilite really is better than roho.

Watch out for where the hybrid transitions from the bladder to the foam, I had several customers develop pressure sores at the transition spot.  What did you not like about the Zoid? I would like to know so I can share with my rehab rep. Clinical data is good but real use stories from people is much better. 

Also, what is your diagnosis, if you don't mind sharing? I have been around long enough to have seen a lot but always like to learn.  Yeah, right now Numotion is the major distributor in the US. They sell them on their "shopnumotion" website. I ADORE them! They are just amazing and make my life so much easier. I can go in the grass and gravel without any issue. The bumps on my ramp no longer feel like I'm going to pop out of my chair anytime I hit them lol I actually have a Varilite, no need to preach to me. It came to me in an odd way, second hand, but it's my fave cushion so far. Sadly it broke (after a looong life as a sample I think) recently so I've been shopping around. I work in rehab (kind of) and I can tell you that Ride and ROHO are still the main cushions prescribed by far at least in these parts. 

Yes, my last was a hybrid elite and I hated it almost from the first month I got it. Never a sore from that one but definitely got one from the previous version (nexus?). I wish I'd discovered Varilite sooner. I had two. My first one the valve came loose due to transferring and the whole thing went flat. My second one after they replaced the first one for faulty valve gave me my first ever pressure sore. It's honestly just a case of nothing is one size fits all

I have Hypermobile Ehlers-danlos Syndrome and cannot move or feel anything from hips down. I also have a C-shaped spine due to kyphosis and have lordosis. The EDS has given me very unstable joints which affects everything including my spine. My previous chair had no back support and caused severe issues. Just being in a chair with the J3 back for a few days has been miraculous and a huge game changer for me. I'm also no longer dislocating my wrists pushing my chair. How heavy are they? Wow! That's always been my issue was riding over bumpy areas, maybe I should invest in a set! You'd recommend them? Lol although I would assume that's everyone's problem haha but still I'd like to try them Unfortunately roho has some great marketing and has been around for a while so that's what we'll meaning doctors prescribe. We as providers and patients need to do a better job of getting them to write generic terms like "pressure relieving cushion" or pressure receiving and postural cushion" so we have the freedom to get what works best for that person. 

Do you mind if I ask what you do in the Rehab industry? 

Ouch, at least you didn't start with a Synergy Spectrum air.    4lbs. I don't have any personal experience with them, I have only seen them online and had a rep call me before numotion made a deal with them. Online it says that are 3-5lbs each wheel.  I would definitely recommend them! The only downside is you need a high pressure air gauge and pump. I got them for about $20 each online though!

But our drive way is gravel and I've had 0 problems since I got these new wheels I'd say thats a small price for shock absorption like that, right? Might have to splurge and get some! Thanks for the recommendation! 😁 I definitely think so! I think they are amazing wheels honestly. I would recommend them to anyone! 