A Lightweight Chair (manual) Hello, I have multiple sclerosis and have recently been using a wheelchair from the VA hospital. It's their lightweight version, but it's from the VA so it's still 39 pounds. It's a great chair and I'm grateful to have it, but it's too heavy for me on my own. 

I keep joking about wanting a chair that's 5 pounds, and able to fold up to fit in my glove compartment. I know that this will never happen, but I'd be elated to find something less than 25. In a perfect world I'd want to get it in and out of my car (a Nissan Cube with no adaptations) but myself. I dream for that type of self-sufficiency.  

Does anyone have a favorite in this category? I have a TiLite zra that is about 15lbs that I can put in and take out of my Kia Soul by myself and I love it. There are a lot of lightweight and ultra lightweight chairs that weigh under 20 lbs. I met a guy from Norway that has a 5 lb chair (minus the cushion.  Look into colours wheelchair or tilite  I just went from a 38 pound clunker to a 18 pound lovely thing! I have psoriatic arthritis so I still have use of my legs, so I wanted something I could foot propel in. Sadly, most rigid frame chairs (which are the lightest) do not have removals footrests, so I had to get a slightly heavier one so I could take off the foot rest. It folds up pretty flat but doesn't take up any less room than my big one did, it's just easier for me to do myself. I put it in my trunk and hobble to the drivers seat! 

If you can, have a wheelchair evaluation with a physical therapist you trust. They can help you decide what's best for you. I ended up getting a Ki Mobility Catalyst five and I love it! AND it's purple!!! That looks lovely! Nice! Now, I mainly look at Chairs on Amazon. Should I be looking elsewhere? Just this week I got my new chair from the VA. A few weeks back they called me in for measurements and questions. They decided to go with a catalyst, because it can be fitted with a motor if I ever need that assistance. I talked to another veteran who had removed his motor because the front wheels were too small and he'd been thrown to the ground a couple of times while going over potholes. So if it comes to that, maybe I'll upgrade the front wheels?

But it's 25 pounds and green! And it's smooth as a dream. My husband used to have to adjust his step so he wouldn't leave me behind, and now I have to slow down for him! I'm biased since I work there, but TiLite's chairs can be very light. If you get on our website (now merged with Permobil's) you can find a dealer close to you to check some out.  Remember not all chairs are going to be tailored to your height and width. I'm not sure. Try using Google to search for different companies.  Remember not all chairs are going to be tailored to your height and width. I'm not sure. Try using Google to search for different companies.  Heck yes, catalysts are the best!! Welcome to the catalyst club! 

What is the motor attachment? I never knew that was even a thing. Is it like one of those smartdrive things or something specific for the catalyst? Yeah, my current chair is set to the shortest it can go. I never thought that 5'3" was that short... Just depends on the chair.  