Selling Power Chair Online Has anyone had any luck at selling a powerchair online? Does anyone even buy used powerchairs?

Basically, I have a Quantum Rehab Q4 (I believe) that I think I paid around $10,000 for. It's currently in my mother's garage as an expensive cat bed. I don't see myself ever using it again - it was bought for me to get around a large high school and university but I just prefer my manual wheelchair now. It is about 10 years old now and saw 7 years of use, mostly indoors. The seating system is fairly standard. It's in fairly good shape, but the battery needs to be replaced. If I were to sell it, I would need to replace it, which would cost me $500. So I am just wondering if it is even worth the effort of trying to sell it, or would that $500 be wasted.

If it's any help, I live in Canada where wheelchairs generally are not covered by government insurance, so I paid out of pocket for mine.  In us you can expexct to get maybe 5% of what you paid in return. Post on the care-cure forums, I think they have a for-sale section there.  And if there's value in it, consider a buy-it-now w/ best offer on ebay. The biggest problem is that power chairs are all custom-built. The features you needed won't be exactly what others need, and sizing is also pretty custom. You'll never get your money back out. I'd actually consider donating it to a rehab center. They are in the best position to refit someone into it, and you'd get a nice tax deduction. They would utilize it for someone who needs a has no insurance and is in need. Thanks,  in that case, it probably isn't worth the bother.  I guess my number 1 issue is that I kinda don't want to deal with shipping it (I don't know how I would even go about doing so to a 300 lb wheelchair). I live in a decent sized city and was hoping it might be worth listing it on locally, but maybe not.  Thanks. I figured since mine is basically a 'floor model' (there is pretty much nothing custom about it - the seat is a standard captain chair) I might have a hope. I knew I would never get my money back out, I was just wondering if I could get more than the $500 I would have to put into it (but after looking on Kijiji, I might be lucky to get a grand total of $1000 out of it). 

However, thank you for the suggestion about donating it. A nice tax deduction, plus doing a good deed, is probably my best option.  