Manual wheelchair suggestions, please... My wife is a left leg amputee thanks to a drugged driver.  Two years into this, and it's been very slow going due to the damage not only to her leg, but her arms as well.  
But she's no joke, my wife.  after 4 months in the hospital, she finished her Doctorate and went back to work,  So this is not a pity party here.  She has 3 wheelchairs.  One for downstairs, one for upstairs, and one at the office.  They are your basic invacare chairs with the solid rubber tires and plastic rims.  

What is a good upgrade?  I mean, how can I help her roll easier and with a little less effort?  Change out the wheels?  a different chair?  Of course, this is out of pocket so cost is a factor, to some extent.  I don't want to pinch pennies, but I also can't afford to waste money on features she doesn't need or won't help her.  

Thanks for your advice.   Have you looked into a custom chair?  There are different brands, I suggest researching which types would work best for your wife.  They are expensive, though, so you would want to go through insurance.  Mine is about 7K when all is said and done, I have a TiLite ZRA with extra trimmings specific to my needs. Perhaps google lightweight and “ultra lightweight” chairs and see what you can afford. Invacare is pretty bottom of the barrel, and upgrading that’s going to make a bigger difference than any mod you can make on it (someone else mentioned emotion wheels, which are cool, but...imo if you’re going to throw that level of money at it, you’d be better served using it to upgrade whichever chair is her main usage one). 

There are some adjustments to that chair you could consider if a different chair is out of the question. A lighter weight set of wheels, air tires (if you don’t have tires with air in them, definitely consider swapping!), and smaller front casters (assuming the invacare model will allow for such adjustments, which idk) will all help rollability. 

A lot of good lightweight chairs on the market. By far my favorite is the TiLite (now under the company Permobil) line. But they’re on the more expensive side. Colours also has neat ones, and Quickie. Maybe check out Spinlife.com.
Sportaid.com is also helpful.

In addition to emotion wheels, another great tool to check out is the SmartDrive! I think it provides way more flexibility than the emotion wheels! Definitely look into e-motion wheels. They are power assist wheels that won't be stressful on her shoulders and make traveling a lot easier. From a google search, seems like the invacare chairs are more of the "hospital" style chairs.  Ok for pushing people around temporarily, but not great for permanent situations.

You'd be amazed how much easier it is to push in a good wheelchair vs. bad.

Look for ultralight rigid chairs.  Tilite ZRa is a good one, but expensive.  Many of these types of chairs are custom made, and there are a *ton* of measurements to get right.  But it's the difference between riding a kid's bike and a proper road/racing bike.

If you've got a low budget and know generally what size you need, look on ebay for used chairs.  You won't get a great fit, but it'll still be miles ahead of hospital style chairs.  You can also ask/post around to see if people have older chairs they don't need anymore; I know I've got a couple (*really* old ones) in the garage.

I probably wouldn't spend much on the invacare.  If she's in this for the long haul, I'd save up for a new chair. I think lighter chair is way more important than assisted devices. The emotion wheels are heavy so if they die while she’s out and about then it’s gunna suck. The smart drives are nice but the second generation smart drive is miles better than the first gen because it’s an all in one unit instead of having a separate, really heavy battery. The unit itself is heavy, though, probably 25lbs. I have three chairs and the difference between them is crazy. TiLite aero r (~33 lbs), TiLite zra (~23lbs), and a panthera (11lbs). I personally believe that the less you depend on electronic assists the better off you’ll be long term. Sure charging wheels and smart drives sounds easy, it is, but there will be days you forget and I never want to worry about getting halfway somewhere and everything dying on me.  They also aren’t as precise as regular wheels so pushing in crowds and tight places can be a pain. 

Obviously I don’t know the full extent of your wife’s arm strength and I’m not bashing assisted devices, I have a 1st gen smart drive I never use because of the weight. Speaking of which where do you live? Hell if you’re close I’ll give it to you (you can pm if you’re more comfortable).  SmartDrive power assist. More transportable than emotion wheels.

Motion Composites carbon fiber chairs. I agree with the suggestions to go custom and go lighter.   When I first ended up in a chair I kind of rolled my eyes at the idea that they would make such a difference.   Boy was I wrong!   I have four chairs, three of them are TiLites and I have an old invacare that I use as my sewing chair which is about all it’s good for!     

I also have a smart drive (the newest model) and while I don’t use it a lot it’s fabulous for going up ramps.   It’s very nice to know it’s there.   Good chairs are not cheap and neither is the smart drive so it’s important to get fitted and to get insurance on board early in the purchasing process.  The first chair I got fitted for was awful—it wasn’t even close to the right size so I’d recommend getting a couple of different places to fit her.  You can’t return a custom chair.  

It was also important to me to have a folding chair so I could have more options for traveling.  I do travel frequently for work and finding rental cars with a non folding chair was a nightmare.  I know the folders aren’t as good as a rigid chair in most people’s minds but it sure works better for me.   hello guy,
sorry for your wife's loss. glad she has risen to face her challenges.  there are lots of resources here and some very knowledgeable folks to guide your family's journey through this mostly inaccessible world.

Where you are located makes a big difference. There are a lot of resources available for us in these United States and still more in western Europe. Big cities with subsequently larger rolling populations tend to have more equipment available as well. 

So y'all are ready for a proper chair huh. They are a world apart form the ones you get out of a catalog or your local pharmacy. Paying out of pocket is near impossible for most folk as the industry pricing is geared towards insured clients. 

Before you get a chair i recommend writing down some dimensions or at least comparative measurements (changes from the current chairs in use.) I think it may be easiest to pay a local seating professional for an evaluation to come measure your wife's needs. You can find them through your local medical supply store or rehabilitation center. There are a lot of measurements involved in a proper fitting chair.  
if you prefer taking the initiative yourself, start with seat width and length and quite basic. Width concerns not only the hips, but also the shoulder. in case her hips are narrower than her shoulders than shoulders than keep in mind that pushes are most effective/comfortable when the hand motion is in a straight line forward. keep in mind the push rims are positioned about an inch wider. Seat length should be such that it does not restrict the knee bending in the front and inline with the back. 
Next consider seat height from the floor. With your wife being partly ambulatory in her lifestyle, this can be based of preference: how easily she wants to reach the floor or counter-tops. most generic recommendation is that when sitting upright, the user's finger tips should reach the center of the wheel. 
Another major consideration is whether you want and "dump" in the seat; meaning the butt being lower than the knees. This gives some stability to the rider but is mostly preferred by people who suffer from lack of balance/control. most amputees prefer a near flat seat.
Once you have these few measurements you can look online for custom wheelchairs that were ordered for a specific user, but for whatever reason went undelivered. remember these are BRAND NEW, but discounted since the seller is trying to get some of their investment back. of course you can look for used wheelchairs also if you are looking for steeper savings. ebay has quite a few listings and facebook has some groups selling used equipment as well.

Once you get a custom wheelchair chances you won't need to but any assistive device since pushing one of these is significantly easier than what your family has now.

if you like this advice, we can discuss folding vs rigid chairs and wheels and casters, backrests and other variables in the future.

I am not a professional, so my advice my differ from others here. I am an amputee and active wheelchair user of the last 12 years. 

I wish you all the best and look forward to seeing your family here sharing your experiences. Thank you...Googling them now.
 They can get expensive so you should try to get them through your insurance if possible. If not there may be some used ones on Craigslist for one of those kind of websites. 

The height and size of the wheels are important though because they have to be at the right arm's length for her. 