Wedding magic My fiancé has muscular distrophy and is in a wheelchair. I’m trying to find a way for him to stand and maybe even dance at our wedding. Any ideas? Can I ask why? Does he walk much in day to day life? 

My wife and I got married and we talked about me walking at our wedding but decided against it. Our wedding was to show the world that we wished to spend the rest of your lives together and if I am not going to walk again then we realised that it was just trying to simulate something that was faked and unrealistic?

I am never going to walk again, the chair and me sitting down is who I am. My wife choose to marry me (god knows why) with this as part of deal and so we decided that it was more genuine with me in my chair than trying to put me in an unrealistic and probably uncomfortable position.

This was our opinion and I am sure yours is different and there are many youtube videos of people in wheelchairs walking at their weddings but it was not for us. Discuss it with your partner and there are plenty of standing chairs that your could hire out there that could do the job. You could reach out to Permobil and see if they have a standing chair demo that he could borrow for the day. Our local rep is constantly using his white demo chair for this purpose.  Okay when I posted this I didn’t think I’d have to tell everyone but we both want to dance that’s why it’s wedding making I’ve taught dance and been dancing since I was 5 he can’t walk or even stand is the problem but he wants to  Here is a longshot. Is there some "adaptative dancing" in your area? If so, try to take a class so you will both feel less acoward about dancing with him in a wheelchair.  Or don't do any dancing at all. There is no rule that says the newlyweds must dance at their wedding. Thank you so much!! I really appreciate any advice. I’m looking into standing chairs as well but I thought I could hold him up if I got strong enough  He wants to. He hasn’t stood or walked in over two years.  It’s not particularly realistic it’s just a bit of wedding magic he’d like he couldn’t and doesn’t want to stand or walk the whole time  Agreed 100%. 

Married a para who can’t walk. It would have been silly and possibly even dangerous for her to try to walk. 

She sits. That’s who she is. That’s who I married. 😊 I'm sorry you're having to justify this here. If your fiance wants to stand and dance at your wedding, that's his choice. It doesn't suddenly make him fake or a different person!

Have you spoken to his medical team, particularly his physiotherapist (assuming he has one). They may be able to suggest some bracing and support that will allow him to stand for the length of a dance, or be able to work towards it if the wedding is a while away. You could then find a choreographer who will work around whatever length of time and movement he can manage. 

If that doesn't work out for you and he is set on standing dance rather than wheelchair dance I agree with /u/rada_rada_lag that hiring a standing chair is the way to go. 

If he is at all open to wheelchair dancing there are some beautiful couples routines out there, [these guys](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyXbAzQFuqA) are not pros but beautiful to watch, and the IPC has tons of couples videos - you are looking for the Combi category.  