Question for wheelchair users. Not in a wheelchair myself, but earlier I was walking up a road behind someone in a wheelchair. The road was moderately steep, but they were managing fine at a good pace. 

If you were in that situation would you have liked for me to ask if you needed a hand up the hill, or would you rather I left you to it?  I always appreciate the offer.  It is better to ask and be told no than to assume they don’t need it and let them
struggle or assume they need it and just go up and touch them or their chair.

Thanks for asking Nothing wrong with asking, don't just start pushing. The best possible thing is to ask, absolutely. Some people love the help, others like feeling independent or just know they've done it enough times that the struggle doesn't bother them. 

But the last thing anyone wants is a rando to come up behind them, grab em by the chair or shoulders and say. "OKAY, HOLD ON!" (an example from personal experience)  For sure. A little muscle power always helps. Definitely ask, but be also be sure to accept a "No thanks, I've got it" and leave it at that. Don't keep insisting. Don't run out of your way across a street/parking lot/whatever because you think someone needs a push after they've already said that they do not. 

You wouldn't just pick someone up and carry them because they walk slow. My chair is part of me. I know how to handle it better than anyone and I'm not a fan of being dumped out of my chair because someone refused to listen to me when I told them not to touch me. I don't have an issue asking for help when I need it, but I don't need somone to push me five feet or open a door that a.) more than likely has a push button to open and b.) is held open while I'm still down the block. (Tho I will still awkwardly accept the door thing because it's easier to grin and bear it than repeat myself all day) 

Constructively, based on the chair user in the OP "managing fine at a good pace" I personally in that situation would much prefer if someone said something else to me before offering a push. Even just a hello or something that let's me know that they see me a person and not just a chair that they want to help up a hill.

Also, if their chair does not have push handles don't ask. Say hello or something and keep walking. If I didn't have to stay attached to a backpack I wouldn't have push handles on mine for this very reason.  Push handles alone are not an invitation to push someone. Guess I’m in the minority here, but I’d prefer you didn’t ask. Or at least, base it on their facial expressions. You mentioned they were going just find up the hill. Were they looking cheery too? 

My least favorite thing is when I’m fine, everything’s going good, I’ve got a smile on my face, and bam someone asks if I need help. I mean for f*ck’s sake, how competent and not conveying of need to I need to be to not be asked this question every single day multiple times?? 

That said, I wouldn’t bite your head off at the question. I know it’s coming from a good place, and I guess I’d rather live in a world where people ask that unnecessarily instead of a world where they never ask. But if I say no I mean it! I actually disagree. If the person is going at a good pace and not struggling at all, don't ask. Don't help. The person is doing fine. Don't make him or her feel self conscious by asking. I get asked if I need help all the time. It drives me nuts. It makes me feel like I look like I'm struggling all the time. I want to feel normal. If it looks like I don't need help because I'm booking it up a hill, I want to feel that. You asking makes me feel broken and weak.  It’s nice to ask I think. I’d gladly accept the help and have when people have seen me struggle before (getting into building with a lip on the door mostly). I causes me quite a bit of stress when out in my chair alone if I come across a bit uphill or anything that I wasn’t expecting and having someone offer to help is really lovely!  Yes, please ask! Just in a casual friendly nonchalant way. I personally appreciate any help and if I don’t need it I just say no thanks!  In a manual chair, it’s nice gesture but I always find it odd when someone asks me if I want help pushing my power chair, lol. (Unless it’s stuck or something, I suppose.) If they look like they're doing fine, don't ask, just like in any other situation when someone is doing their thing. Now, if they look like they were struggling, absolutely offer to help (but be prepared to take "no" for an answer). I always appreciate it when someone asks even though I generally refuse any help.   It’s important to be kind when people offer—they are trying to do something good and if they get slapped down for offering they may not offer again, and it may be someone who really needs the help.  I “generally” accept help from strangers for that reason even though I absolutely hate being pushed.  My friends and family all know that but a random stranger doing a perceived kindness does not.  Nothing is ever wrong with asking! As long as they consent, it’s totally okay. Personally, I’d accept because my disability also affects my arms, but some wheelchair users have fully functioning arms and won’t need help.  I always appreciate an offer to help push. If there is a person already pushing me (friend, date, or someone), that person would also appreciate such an offer.

Remember to offer first. Sometimes (such as in tight spaces) it is easier for the wheelchair rider to drive, but usually, a push is appreciated.  It for sure depends on the person. I'm a power wheelchair user. Therefore, my disability affects more than just my legs. Because of this, people often think that I need more help than I do. However that does not necessarily mean that one should never ask if someone else needs help. I think that condescension is the most annoying thing for me. So if you just act like we're normal people, then you shouldn't have a problem Definitely ask! If they say yes, try not to be too wild or funny to “break the ice.” That can be really weird. If they say no, let them do it. Wheelchairs are an extension of our body but sometimes we do need help. Asking is never a problem.

ps sometimes people say no and they really do need help. Don’t be afraid to ask if they’re sure if they still appear to be struggling. We can be shy sometimes or embarrassed. But don’t push it (no pun intended). You’ll notice what I mean. Yes this. I want to add our wheelchair is an extension of our body, so always ask don’t just touch it feels very personal and violating.  I second this Ok, thanks for the response.  I guess it all depends on who’s in the chair.  Sometimes I appreciate it if I get some help on a steep hill as long as I ask for it or am asked.   Different strokes I guess.   Chair users usually know when to ask for help, or I would at least hope they do. Yup, I've had to ask strangers for help when I got parked in or when I have to traverse a pit of gravel due to road construction. But I get asked if need help at a mall -- the flattest and smoothest terrain imaginable. I feel like I'm ice skating and some lady inevitably stops my glide to ask if I need help. This weekend I was running errands and I was asked if I need help three times in the span of three hours. It's too much. Also, I get the annoying response "are you sure?" When I say no, I don't need help. Argh. 

Maybe it's because I'm a girl in a wheelchair? But I'm also an athlete: I do triathlons, surf, and mountain bike. No one sees that. People just see the chair.  