Is there any way to filter out all the surveys on this subreddit?  There is not right now but I can work on it after finals.  I am allowing one more survey as they reached out to me a while ago and it is different. I will remove future surveys until I can get a filter in place. Sorry, I don't get it. Surveys are just a formalized way of asking a question. There are a lot of them here, but that is because people are interested and / or trying to help.

I posted a survey a few days back because I am developing a new product and am looking for  feedback. I think that if someone does not want to participate, they can move on. If you censor them, you are just preventing people from asking questions and trying to find solutions. Do you really want to do that?  I am trying to find a way that will still allow surveys yet allow those that don't want to see them filter them out. 

I received several comments outside of the this post asking me to block all surveys. I am trying to find a good balance but have to respect the community's wishes.

Stick around for a year and you will see how many surveys this community deals with. It is insane how many "high school" or "college" projects choose wheelchairs but don't actually help. Every one is "unique" or "new" when really it's an idea that has been tossed around for a decade but goes nowhere due to a lack of funding/high cost.  I personally have seen every variation of a ratcheting, lever push assist system but it is brought up yearly by a new group thinking they have the next big thing for easing wheelchairs. Hell, I have even built a few myself. 

Please don't take this as a personal attack, I am trying to explain the community view and why I am trying to find a middle ground. Hi, thanks for the response. I don't take it as an attack at all. I value having the opportunity to have a discussion on everything, including surveys. 

I have been active in this forum for 2 or 3 years now and have certainly seen all of those surveys you mentioned. I know that many kids are choosing wheelchairs as projects. Actually, as a product developer some of them have interested me. I have even PM'd a few survey writers and said that if anything ever comes from their work, to contact me as I might be interested in marketing the product for them :)

I know that 99 out of 100 of the ideas will never amount to anything. But 1 out of 100 could be a real break through idea. Some of my best products seemed like crazy ideas at the beginning. In fact, the product I am working on now came to me from a customer/ collaborator and at the very beginning I dismissed it, until I came here and [asked informally if there was a need](https://www.reddit.com/r/wheelchairs/comments/78gou5/rain_and_wet_legs/). Once I was convinced there was, I developed a more formal [survey](http://rehadesign.com/survey) and am now working very hard to bring that product to market.

I just want to ask the community for patience. Who knows, one of those survey writers may grow up to be a product developer or make some interesting breakthrough. If you have the time, encourage them. If not, ignore it. And if you have a great idea, think about developing  it yourself. Or telling some survey writer about it....like me :)

 