Tips to get more proficient at wheeling? I've had my chair for awhile but I've only recently begun trying to train myself to use it as a primary mobility aid. I have cerebral palsy and I've used a walker most of my life up to this point. My right arm is not too affected by my CP but my left arm has spasticity and a weaker grip. I've been wheeling inside and outside my house the past few weeks. I seem to do well on flat surfaces but going up inclines past a certain point has been a struggle, as It's difficult to get a rhythm going with my left arm.  

Any tips, methods, or exercises that could help would be much appreciated.  Flat surfaces, particularly indoors, are always the easiest. Really it's about building up the muscle and strength, which just takes time. If you get tired in the middle of an incline, either put the brakes on or turn your chair sideways, against the hill. It gives you a minute to take a break and stretch out in the middle of a tough patch. 

Do you have a wheelchair physio/OT? They can look at your push and grip particularly on your left side. You might do better either pushing directly on the wheels or enlarging your wheelrim with rubber tubing. This both makes it easier to grip and easier to push against with gloves. You don't need to grip the rim as tightly if the friction between the rim and gloves is doing some of the 'grip' for you.  Seconding the rubber gripping for hand rims.  If you look up "Fit Grips" they are covers that go over the hand rims and make them both wider and grippier.  I push with my palms and was having to push the wheels, but the Fit Grips make it so much easier to use the actual hand rims.  (The Fit Grips come with glue to hold them in place, but I've never used it...they stay in place just fine for me regardless of how hard I push or what surface I'm on.) I know they make handrims with a rubbery strip integrated into the rim, but I'm not sure if that would be enough surface area to be useful enough.  I've never tried them, but I assume you could ask to demo some at your DME to see if they'd work well?  

Going uphill it helps to lean forward a lot and zig zag if there's enough room.  I try to get some momentum going too, before I get to the slope.  That said...I'm not great with slopes either so I sometimes take a longer route to avoid a hill... thanks so much! > "Fit Grips" 

These look exactly like what I have, except mine are plain, non branded and black. Cause I'm lucky enough to get them through the NHS and their customisation stops at letting you pick a frame colour hah. Mine also just stay on and have never needed to be glued, they do get filthy so being able to take them off and wash in soapy water is great.

If you are strapped for cash you can get rubber tubing from a DIY store, cut it and glue/melt the ends together - it will obviously create a join but if you do it neatly or wear gloves it isn't an issue. I did this with my old wheels. 

Similar to you I push with the balls of my thumbs rather than gripping the wheelrim. Have you ever found decent gloves? I've tried so many pairs and have never found a pair that don't split at the thumb seam.  I'm getting some fit grips asap, thank you Mine are plain black too!  I didn't like the color options (the blue clashed with my chair and I didn't want red).  I wish they had more color options, but at least black goes with everything!    

I've tried some gloves but never found ones I like.  Either they make my hands all sweaty, or they're too tight or too loose, or they're just uncomfortable.  I've never worn any long enough to have them split open.  I mostly tried them to see if they would help me grip better (results were "meh"), and to deal with rims that we're too hot or cold depending on the season.  But the Fit Grips help solve the temp issue and the gripping issue, so I rarely use gloves now.   You're welcome!  I hope they help!! 