Hi Redditors. We are a team of engineering students looking to improve accessibility in public spaces. Please help us by doing a quick survey! We are a team of engineering students at the University of Ottawa working to improve accessibility for people with disabilities. Our idea revolves around the improvement of current already existing button activated power automated doors. The end product would allow for a handicap/disabled person to approach a power automated door and it open automatically as they approach the doorway. The purpose of our survey is to get feedback from the handicap/disabled community and get a better understanding of the existing solutions in the market.

Link to the survey: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/JSNL6K7

Your feedback is greatly appreciated. Cheers!
 Done, but I have to say the wording of the survey wasn't great. I might suggest doing another survey with more specific wording. Best of luck and thank you! Definitely cheering you guys on Also you can you try r/disability  With respect, why focus on this — something that already works, as opposed to something that doesn't work for PWD. 

I hate to be jaded. I know you guys are trying to do a good thing. 

But for every 100 "engineering school projects" that get a lot of attaboys and back-pats, nearly ZERO come to the market and actually help people with disabilities. 

Not your fault, and like I say, I know your intentions are in the right place. 

Just promise us that after you get your A on this paper, and after you get your shiny diploma, you'll actually develop whatever you worked on for a school project into something that people can get in the real world. 

That's how you change the world. 

Good luck.  Thank you for the feedback and your time! Made some minor adjustments to the wording, hopefully the questions are more clear.  You're right. Current power automated doors already work but the solution could be made so much more efficient. A year ago, a roommate of mine got injured and required a power scooter. Accessibility on our school campus became difficult for him. Seeing him struggle with closed doors gave me an idea. I teamed up with a group of engineers and we are currently working to develop a solution which would make it easier and faster for people with permanent/temporary disabilities to get around. Our goal is to implement this solution into doorways on campus and go from there. I can't promise we will change the world but we're going to do our best and perhaps one day, get this idea out into the real world!  Honestly, if they could even get as far as getting their university to admit that there's an accessibility problem on campus, it would be a huge win. Automatic doors are all well and good, but a lot of them on campus are poorly placed, or don't open long enough for you to get through as the students on foot cut you off. They also have a nasty habit of plowing the snow in such a way that you can't pull up to the button (or in some cases manoeuvre around the door the button is behind). As someone who is tired of explaining these things to the powers that be at the university, I'm about ready to buy a device to open doors more efficiently.  