Girlfriend needs a part for her TiLite Aero Z, bit stuck where to find it. Hi everybody, I need some help. My girlfriend uses a TiLite Aero Z with a J3 backrest but needs to replace one of the screws asap as the original has become damaged. I'm usually her goto tech-guy but unfortunately I'm out of the country at the moment.

All I have to go on is [this photo](http://imgur.com/tvPSunP) of the part where the frame meets the backrest. She needs another one of those (Allen?) screws.

I've been scouring the owners manuals online of both the backrest and the chair, but can't find the specific screw she needs, as far as I can tell, it's a 5/32" Allen, but without having it in front of me I can't be sure.

Can anyone help me out?  [deleted] Thanks, I ended up just calling TiLite (on Skype of course, from the UK that would have been a FORTUNE!). They were super helpful and managed to narrow it down to one of two screws just from the shitty photograph.

Found the screws on Amazon but they're only available in bulk. She's gonna have a few spares... +1 to TiLite's customer service. They've always been willing and easy to work with.

How did the screw become damaged? A hardware shop like Ace Hardware normally carries more specialty screws than big box places like Home Depot Home depot has allen screws.  I'm not sure if they have the rounded cap-head screws, but they do have the normal ones (which would probably be fine, though stick out a little more).

Local hardware stores will have more selection.

HD pretty much only has stainless, and I *think* (not sure here) that stainless can get stuck sometimes due to something (shrinking, metal stiffness, etc).  I nearly didn't get some screws out, whereas the existing/old screws (black anodized steel) were fine.  I put some anti-seize on it, works well.  No problems with it coming loose even with the anti-seize.

And amazon is hard, since it's all in bulk. Local stores are great for this. I'm not sure actually, she just said it's come out and the back is lopsided now. It's on the side of her backrest that a part has snapped as well so it might be to do with that. Just got them on Amazon as she needs them pretty fast and I have a Prime membership. One of them was an Add-on Item and my cart had to go above $25 to qualify for it.

Treated myself and her nephew to a bit of Star Wars Lego to make that happen... all in the name of science and love, obviously. Wear and tear, I suppose. I was only going to suggest Loctite if it happened to back out, but that doesn't sound like the case. 