Help needed for new Wheelchair design Hey all! My college capstone group is looking to develop a new design for manual wheel chairs and need your opinion on it. We are focusing more on mobility, especially catered to the concern that wheelchairs aren't made for longer distance traveling. We noticed that when people at school having wheelchairs needed to go back home, they were stuck with very expensive, or cumbersome modes of transportation. What are some things you dislike about mobility with your wheelchair? What are some improvements you wish you could have on your current wheelchair? Please list as many concerns and grievances you face as we are still brainstorming what our minimum viable product should focus on. Thanks :) I cant do stairs or rough terrain. I need something that can handle the city street as well as the beach or park. Ohhh I have lots of ideas for how to make the ideal (for me) wheelchair.....

I'd like a wheelchair with gears, like a bike. Another thing that I would like is a back that can be raised or lowered. You need a low back when propelling, because a high one prevents you from reaching far enough back on the back wheel (when you propel). So I buy my wheelchairs with low backs for that reason. However, then when you're sitting, resting in your wheelchair for hours, the low back doesn't give enough support, which causes me back ache.

Something else I think your chair should have is front suspension. Frog Legs are a brand of ''add on'' suspension. They do work well for me (was lucky to get them on a cheap 2nd hand chair), however they're v expensive and, to my mind, the design is over complicated.

On another 2nd hand chair that I bought, the suspension on the front wheels was achieved by simply making the rod that sticks out on the top of quick release  caster wheels, a bit longer, and then sticking a spring over it (the rod). Such a simple design, compared to frog legs, and yet, for me, the spring suspension worked just as well as the Frog Legs, and could be made for a fraction of the cost.
You always want to make things as simple and cheap as possible, while still retaining good design and quality.

Some other useful things are:

Push handles which flip up and down. If you have fixed in place push handles, they often get in the way of your backpack, making it hard to propel. Also, having handles sticking out all the time causes more able bodied strangers to come up behind you and just start pushing you around in your chair. They seem drawn to the handles like a magnet. Since I have had no handles, or flip down/fold away handles, this problem is solved :)

Cup or pint glass holders would be great for those that like to socialise, or even just to carry a mug of tea from kitchen to living room. See, if you put the glass/mug between your thighs, it often spills over your crotch when you start/stop/go over bumps. Also if the seat is tilted upwards at the front, then the mug/glass is even more likely to spill its contents.

Speedometer is also a nice touch. Oh and also little LED lights on all the wheels. I had another 2nd hand wheelchair which came with LED lights in the caster wheels. They weren't v bright...too small I guess. However, in the pitch dark of the middle of the night, they were great for getting to the toilet and back without crashing into stuff. (If you switch main light on, it wakes you up).
LED lights on the big back wheels would make it safer and look cool too.

Rubber tubing which fits around the push rims make the rims larger in diameter, which means you don't have to squeeze your hands so tight to push the wheel. They also help you grip much better when it rains. Naked metal push rims are terrible in the rain, and very cold in winter.

Lastly, the best wheelchairs  have used, they all have as few nuts and bolts as possible. In wheelchairs with endless nuts and bolts, something seems to shake loose almost every day (I had one chair so bad that every few hours something came loose!).

Oh and a little pouch on the back of the seat back, and one sitting under the seat....they're great for storing allen keys, meds, money, mobile phones. 

Nearly forgot...I once tried an off road wheelchair that had a plastic seat, molded into a nice curvy shape. Despite the hard plastic, and thin cushion it was surprisingly comfortable, and gave a sense of being form fitting, tailored... The better the seat hugs the contours of your body, the less you get pressure points (which can cause v dangerous or even fatal sores). Also, the more the seat and back hug the body, the more responsive the chair is to your body's every move. I sometimes use an elasticated belt/strap around the front of my legs,  near the knees. I noticed that when I flip a wheelie, the strap makes the chair respond better, because it holds my legs down.

Hope that's plenty of ideas for you to be getting on with. It's nice to be asked what we think, instead of people assuming they know what we want/need. Thank you and best of luck with your project. It sounds challenging but lots of fun :)



 What country do you live in that manual wheelchair users are having this problem with long distance travel? And what kind of issues are causing this problem? Just curious, because my manual wheelchair (and most that I know of) has wheels that pop right off, a back that folds down, and fits in any cars. And airplanes are fine too, so...curious as to the issues others are facing.

My main advice is to remember that these are devices people have to use all day long in an array of professional and domestic situations. I've encountered multiple fancy wheelchair designs by enthusiastic able-bodied inventors who just don't quite grok that the coolness of their new idea doesn't outweight the impracticality. For example, I met one (very nice guy) who had designed a (very cool really) row bike chair that was the best upper body workout feeling I'd ever felt with a chair. I thought it would be a fun exercise bike or something if I was made of cash, but I could never use it as a daily chair because (get this) it didn't go in reverse. No reverse whatsoever! No pulling up to a table then *reversing*, no fitting in a little bathroom stall then *backing out*. It was so obvious to me that this would not work for 50% of daily activities, but the inventor just didn't see it. So yeah, uh, long story short...practicality is important.
 Thanks for the response! We noticed this was a common trend in our research so far. It seems too many wheelchairs are catered to inside buildings and not to the outdoors. We will keep this as a potential note to consider.  WhooHoo! This was exactly the kind of specific responses I was looking for! Thank you for such a detail oriented response. We haven't finalized our design yet, but this post mentions a lot of things which we really didn't consider. I will make sure to weigh some of these options as well for our design.  Hey! Thanks for the response. We were more concerned with the issues people might have when commuting on a daily basis. For example at school, a lot of people I know don't have the money to afford cars, so they use their bike as their primary transportation between going to school and going back to their dorms or apartments. However, for students with disabilities, we noticed that if they needed to go anywhere more than a mile on a manual wheelchair, they would have to have a wheelchair friendly car, use public transportation (which is cumbersome in our area) or use disability vehicles. Our concept was to cater to wheelchair users to be able to work in tight spaces like a classroom, but also allowing independence when they wanted to travel 1-5 miles without feeling too tired or bothered by using disability services. This was our motivation behind the project.  Fantastic :) P.M me, or post back if you want to discuss anything else. I'm sure more people will drop by with some great ideas too. Hmmmmmmmmmm. That is a very cool motivation, and now that you've explained it, a problem I encounter a lot. I'd love to hear what you guys come up with!

Here's a site that has a pretty great summary of some current options floating around that I think overlap with this issue a lot: http://livingspinal.com/power-assists/ P.S For commuting in a wheelchair, on London buses, you need super strong/tight brakes (on the back wheels). London buses do not strap the wheelchair down, they just have a spit out ramp, leading to a space for the chair. The floor is smooth lino too, so it gets a bit slippery when wet. Gotta have v tight brakes when travelling on London buses in a chair, otherwise you slip slide all the way over to the exit!
 I've had a smartdrive for about 3 weeks now, and it's wonderful. About a 3 hour charge time, and has a range of about 19km. It's easy to remove too, and handles rough ground quite easily I think. 