How do you go about getting a wheelchair? I've been chronically ill my whole life but have recently developed another condition that causes severe pain and weakness in my legs. 9 months in, I still don't have a diagnosis but we're working on it! 
A friend of mine was nice enough to lend me their old manual wheelchair. I use it for any activities that require more than 10-15 minutes of walking/standing. I would not be able to live my life without it. 
My doctors are all aware I'm using the borrowed chair but it's beginning to look like I need one of my own (I was kind of hoping we'd find some easily fixable cause and all this pain/weakness would go away. Unfortunately that doesn't seem to be the case). So, how does the process to get a wheelchair work? I've done my google-ing but haven't been able to get a straight forward, start to finish answer. What's the process typically look like? How long from start to finish?
(I have Blue Cross insurance and live in the US if it makes a difference)
Thank you all tons!!! The time can vary widely. The gist of the process is this: your doctor writes an order/script for a wheelchair, and recommends a DME supplier if they know one. You go to your DME supplier (your insurance has a list of approved vendors) with your order, and they fit you for a chair. You pick out what you want (from side guards to wheels to color, etc) & they order it.

Somewhere along the way, your insurance co has to approve it (sometimes a pre approval is required, because if the store orders your chair without one, they could be stuck without payment). 

Insurance companies usually only pay for the bare minimum chair-- what's sold for $150 at Walgreens, AKA "the hospital clunker." A lightweight chair is probably what you're using now, and it'll have to be justified by your doctor (beyond the initial script). You don't necessarily need a formal dx, just a dx of your symptoms. In my case, I had to be evaluated by an OT to prove my needs, and she had to send her eval to my doctor, who sent it to the insurance co. 

Chairs are rated by HCPCS codes ("hixpix"), and a lightweight aluminum frame is often what you're trying to justify. I forget the code (5 I think). Titanium chairs are a higher code and almost never covered. Some DME suppliers will bill for the cheaper code and let you pay cash for the cost difference. 

Do your homework: look up chair brands and models, the types of features you'd like, read others' reviews of chairs. Make sure your weight and height will fit the chairs you like. Don't be afraid to advocate for yourself. Read reviews of DME suppliers. 

It took me 18months to get my chair. In the end I went to the closest wheelchair shop, and I got screwed. They fit me wrong and used old literature to sell me a chair-- I picked out a good chair, but they insisted my insurance wouldn't cover it because of the code. Turns out they had outdated literature and my desired chair had its code changed 2 years prior. Between that and the bad fit (which caused me MORE pain because of the poorly measured chair legs), I should have hair my chair replaced but they refused. I had to buy a secondhand chair on eBay with cash. In the end, I wish I'd done that from the beginning. It wasn't that much more money, and I wouldnt have waited 18 months. I could have tried on different sized seats and wheel angles at the store, then shopped on my own, bypassing insurance. 

It depends on your situation though. You may have an easier time than me. I sure hope so. Good luck! There's the long way and the short way. The long way is as described by loveinvein's reply. The short way is to get your butt measured for width and depth and look on craigslist and ebay or a local wheelchair recycling program. Also check to see if your condition has any sort of organization to support people with it. They might have grants or a loan closet. I have been through the procurement process via insurance twice now and both times the chair that would have served me best was denied. I turned to craigslist and found one for a few hundred dollars which was actually a few thousand less than what my copay would have been on the chair through insurance. I replied in the other thread about the process.   Yes, screening the DME is important.   Talk to therapist, rehab doctor and other patients for recommendation.  DMEs are not all created equal.   As for out of pocket, check your policy but the last time we ordered a chair through private there were no copays at all.  OP cost will depend largely on your insurance policy.   I have yet had a major mistake on a wheelchair order but as I said before I don't let strangers process DME orders.   The process always goes through the professionals already on my son's medical team and a DME that I have personally researched.    /u/loveinvein has a good overview of what you need for a chair. It sounds like you have a form of neuropathy. 

First,  go to your doctor and get two prescriptions. One, "for lightweight manual wheelchair", second "PT or OT eval for wheelchair". Make sure your appointment is primarily about mobility.  Why do you need a wheelchair, what can be improved with a wheelchair, what activities of daily living (ADLs) are you struggling with that a wheelchair can improve (going to the bathroom in time, cooking, cleaning), etc.  You can discuss other items during this appointment but make sure the primary focus is mobility. Have your doctor note all of the above in their face to face notes. 

Second, go to www.resna.com and look for a local ATP or RTS . Don't just go to any DME. Look into the company and if possible, the ATP or RTS. Try to find reviews. All companies have accreditation now so ignore any bragging about that. Avoid companies that are national add they are so big they don't care. Sad to say but avoid the single location stores too. Most don't have the buying power to make sure to get what you need. 

Third, call the ATP/RTS and set an appointment. Also ask if they have a PT or OT that they know will do a good eval and paperwork. At the same time, ask what you need to do with your doctor. They may need you to call from time to time to remind them to sign and send over paperwork. 

Last, do your research on what chair and options you want. Go to www.tilit.com or www.kimobility.com or www.sunrisemedical.com and look around. Understand that you may not qualify for what you want. Talk to your ATP/RTS and find out what you should be looking at. If they tell you Invacare or E&J tell them no. 

Make sure your ATP keeps in contact with you. With Blue Cross it should be about 3 months from start to finish. 

Any questions, please feel free to ask.  18 months?!? It should never take that long.  Next time, go to www.resna.com and do a search for a local ATP. The company I currently work for constantly delivers in under 90 days from initial eval to delivery. The last two were around 100 and 110 days. I have had some chairs around 60 days from first eval to delivery. 

The HCPCS for titanium chairs is K0009 (K9). Most insurance companies won't pay for a K0009 so we can bill them as a K0005 (K5) and charge the customer the difference. However, there has been a huge improvement in aluminum frames that are in the K0005 segment so we are selling much more of those.   Next time you get a chair, please feel free to contact me with any questions. I would love to help ensure you get the right one. Never be afraid to shop, look, and ask plenty of questions.  Great advice! Wanted to stress the ADLs. Most insurances will only cover a chair if you need it to go to the bathroom or make food-- home use, and just the bare essentials. 

While I do use my chair at home, it's not 100% of the time, and I had to say that it was 100% of the time in order to get approval. 

I didn't know about the RTS link-- thanks! 