Need Advice/Opinion/Experiences Hi everyone,

I am in the process of getting a new chair, after being screwed over by former dealer, have been battling with ADP (ontario, ODSP) and a fraud investigation of old provider.

(they gave me a showroom model of a Q6 Edge, after selling my ADP paid for chair, a Q6 Edge HD) 

My current provider Shoppers Drug Mart HHC, is the only one in toronto that can/will do Tilt/power legs, so I am in process of getting this all researched and figured out.

I have 4 options..

~~
Quickie 715 HD

Quantum Q6 Edge HD

Permobil M300 HD

Quantum Q6000HD

~~

My requirements:
1, 8 inch front/rear castors
2, solid/foam filled tires
3, tilt
4, large batteries (min, group 24, would love grp 34)
5, stability on steep slopes/ramps
6, centre mount leg rest with
foot/leg ties.
7, Large controller screen, due to being legally blind..
8, Lighting would be very important, but my funding does not cover it.
9, I often do grocery shopping, I also carry medical needed stuff and perkins brailler in backpack, on my legs, 40-55lbs)
10, I do not care about color, as we can only get black here, I can trick it out on my own.
~~

I am 4"8, 250lbs, some use of hands/legs, can do transfers with grab bars.
Legally blind (no depth perception, tunnel vision, no peripheral sight, use white cane)
scoliosis
neuropathic in arms/hands/feet
nerve pain

I use public transit on a daily basis, I also am very active, curbs in my area are an issue, not a huge amount of curb cuts, subway trains have a 2-4" vertical gap, added to a 1-3" horizontal gap.

I use commuter trains too, i have to travel a rough dirt path most of the time to get to station safely, as parking lot is extremely dangerous.

I also love electric wheelchair hockey

My husband often hold on to my wheelchair, as i have to guide him a lot, he has even less sight than I do.


~~

I have destroyed my current chair, its 2yrs old, basic everything, it has had over $8800 in repairs, province refuse to cover more repairs..


Thanks in advance Alright, I sell wheelchairs in the US so I am speaking from experience here.   Avoid the 6000Z. It's an older platform that had flaws. It is being phased out.  

The quickie 715 is a decent model but I avoid quickie POWER chairs. Over a decade of experience and they have yet to produce a reliable POWER chair. Their manuals are great but I have had way to many problems with the power products. 

The Q6Edge and the M300 are both amazing chairs. They have both been put for a couple years but are still top of the line. They both fit all of your needs easily. The M300 is a little better engineered so they hold up a little bit better but I would go with the Q6Edge.  The q-logic joystick is easier to see and manipulate. Plus it has better mounting options for carrying backpacks. The M300 has a cleaner seat which means less mounting options. Also, group 24 batteries are larger than 34s.

If you still have questions, feel free to ask. 



Edit: also, don't be afraid to shop around. I would suggest going to [www.quantumrehab.com](www.quantumrehab.com) and doing a search for a local provider. Any one listed there should be able to assist getting you a tilt. I can't give you much info because I've only had one power chair. But I was told to avoid Quickie power chairs (and after suffering through a quickie manual chair for 3 years, I say avoid them all together). I can't say much for permobile since I've never had any of their products. The powerchair I have (and still have - it's going on 11 years now, though I rarely use it and the battery desperately needs to be replaced) is a Quantum, though I don't think they sell my model any more. I never had any issues with my Quantum. Hmmm,  the castor thing..  Mark E Smith,  (wheelchairjunkie.com) who works at pride mentioned that when we last spoke in December,  I'll give him a call on monday. 

My husband & I were homeless for nearly a year, homeless shelter we were in had barely any heat,  also chair had to be kept near front door of our room when not in use,  room was so small that i had to crawl into bed,  not fun,  not safe. 
We had a ice storm last winter here,  also our room flooded slightly( 2 inches), one night when we were sleeping,  odsp/adp refused to deal with chair issues,  said that unless it was completely unable to be used,  i would have to wait.

Batteries were supposed to be MK,  but former provider cheaps out to make more money off odsp/adp (hence the switch with the chair i was SUPPOSED to get with the POS 'demo model' I DID get,  hence also the recent & ongoing fraud investigation by government into my former provider) 


Thank you for all your help,  I'm seriously  Hi Rada.. 



Unfortunately here in Ontario Canada,  there is only ONE provider authorized by ADP (accessible devices program)  of our provincial government Disability benefits system..   Shoppers Home Health Care..


  It sucks for the clients, but its the way it is,  i much prefer Motion Specialties,  but they arent allowed to do powered seating.. 



One issue with the Q6 Edge HD.. 
and the ONLY thing stopping me from getting that chair,  is the fact that they Do Not do 8 inch front/rear castors.. 

If i could drive a rear wheel. 
I would be already in a Rival HD. Amazing chair,  amazing durability.. 


Yes I have heard about quickie issues,  though they ARE Canadian (sunrise bought them,  but their HQ is less than 75 Miles from where i live) thats the ONLY reason I thought of them, also their HD model does have 8 inch castor option. 


So at this point,  I'm leaning towards a Permobil m300 HD,  but as i have tried one,  and had it tip forward onto the foot plates while going down a curb cut..  It scared the hell out of me. 


I also want to thank you for your awesome reply.. 

I am so frustrated with the current chair of mine (q6 edge)    ((NOT HD MODEL))  its 2 yrs old,  has had $8800 in repairs, 5months in the repair shop. 
  

I'm currently dealing with 

Frequent joystick fault codes and it shutting off suddenly without warning,  (have been in middle of 8 lane crosswalk of extremely busy roads with that happen!) 

seating cushion froze last winter,

 unable to go into freewheel mode, (busted gear box) 

 very little battery capacity (group 22)  due to old provider putting in cheap Chinese batteries,  not quantum specific ones, 

it only goes half speed at all times,  

Twisted frame  Ouch. That stinks about ADP only allowing one provider. 

If you want the 8" caters then wait about a month. They are avaliable on the regular Edge and my rep says they will be avaliable on the HD shortly. They have already shown up on the order forms here. 

If the M300 tipped forward than it must not be set up right. They are not as easy to adjust add the Quantum chairs but still can be done. There is no reason why any modern chair should tip. I always test my chairs before they leave my office. 

It sounds like your current Edge got in some water and needs the controller (the brains of the chair) replaced, not just the joystick.   But with a twisted frame you are best of just getting a new chair. I don't know if they can sell in Canada but I would ask for MK batteries. They are made in Pennsylvania and I stand behind them 100%. I know down here they are one of the options from Permobil and from Quantum factories. 

Last note, please be careful with your cushion. No matter what manufacture of cushion you have they can all freeze. Tyne foam that is being used in today's cushions can freeze solid. Plus, modern chairs are not meant to stay outside for long periods. It can damage the electronics.  