Senior Design Survey for wheel chair robotic assistance arm. We have a robotic assistance arm that could be mounted to a wheel chair. What would you consider paying for such a assistance device? We are planning on exceeding the ADA guidelines. Also, any advice on what you would like it to do, as far as lifting load would be appreciated. Thanks.

EDIT: Just to be more specific on what we have developed and want feedback pertaining to . We have a one-axis arm that rotates and extends out to about 32 inches from the arm of the wheelchair. Our goal was to at least grasp onto objects that were 1lb (454 g) and the object being at least 2 inches in length, width, and height, mainly grabbing a cup/glass of water off the table. So essentially it would be just grasping the object and retracting it off the table and rotating it back to the user. Based on this information, would you even purchase it and if so, how much? Would you use it for anything else? Any other comments would be nice. You gotta give more info, link to the "robotic assistance arm" perhaps. As a quadriplegic wheelchair user ID love to help you out. [deleted] In Australia and the UK, lots of useful things weigh 2kg (2l milk, orange juice, sugar, rice, potatoes, etc). Are you thinking of mounting to a powerchair or manual chair though? Just to clarify on what we do have developed is a one-axis arm that rotates and extends out to about 32 inches from the arm of the wheelchair. Our goal was to at least grasp onto objects that were 1lb (454 g) and the object being at least 2 inches in length, width, and height, mainly grabbing a cup/glass of water off the table. So essentially it would be just grasping the object and retracting it off the table and rotating it back to the user. Based on this information, would you even purchase it and if so, how much? Would you use it for anything else? Any other comments or feedback would be appreciated. Not Kinova, but what we do have in the process is a one-axis arm that rotates and extends out to about 32 inches from the arm of the wheelchair. Our goal was to at least grasp onto objects that were 1lb (454 g) and the object being at least 2 inches in length, width, and height, mainly grabbing a cup/glass of water off the table. So essentially it would be just grasping the object and retracting it off the table and rotating it back to the user. Based on this information, would you even purchase it and if so, how much? Would you use it for anything else?

Ideally, we would love to add another axis, but we do not have any mechanical engineers on our team and our funding came out of pocket. Also, we had to be realistic on setting our goals and being able to deliver it by the end of the semester.

I think those soft robotic grippers are the granular jamming ones you were referring to? I believe those are patented, but I may be wrong. Having a laser tracker would be nice, but that's tough for a semester's worth, implementing machine vision and all.

Also, thank you for the feedback! Appreciate it! We're trying to have it be mountable on the arm of at least one type of wheelchair and that is one of the deliverables for our project. Any specific reason why you want it on a manual or powerchair?

As for moment, we have a one-axis arm that rotates and extends out to about 32 inches from the arm of the wheelchair. Our goal was to at least grasp onto objects that were 1lb (454 g) and the object being at least 2 inches in length, width, and height, mainly grabbing a cup/glass of water off the table. So essentially it would be just grasping the object and retracting it off the table and rotating it back to the user. Based on this information, would you even purchase it and if so, how much? Would you use it for anything else in particular? As a wheelchair user I feel we've figured out how to drink, not saying I wouldn't use some aspects of that function but more practical applications to help the community would be picking things up off the ground, opening doors-heavy pulls like refrigerators can be tough as well as grasping a and turning knobs.  Some how assist with cutting food like steak and if it could aid in catheterization(hold something in place) that could make intermittent catheterization open to a whole new group of people.  Be cool if it interfaces through the chairs cpu and could be operated via existing joystick.  You'd want it on the same side as the joystick, get clothes on hangers out of the closet, manipulate small things like phone chargers. If I could hold my phone with one hand and use the arm to plug in my charger that'd be a big help.  