Wheelchair desperately needed Hello,
I am in desperate need for a wheelchair. My pain levels have increased dramatically and my legs can no longer support my weight.
Ive looked everywhere for a chair so I can continue living my life and do simple things like grocery shop or attend classes, things that I can no longer do with my other walking aids.
Does anyone know where I can look, or have an old chair? I have very limited funds but im so desperate to get my life back, any help is appreciated. Some of your local rehab centers may have donation centers that have chairs available. Also, you might want to talk to a local wheelchair dealer and see if you can utilize a loaner until you can purchase one.  Go to local nursing homes and talk to the staff there. With some patience you could put together a working chair from parts from other chairs. It would really help to know your location. Ideally you should go to a doctor and get an appointment set up through a seating clinic. If that isn't an option due to insurance, check with your local Red Cross or even somewhere like [amazon](http://www.amazon.com/Drive-Medical-Wheelchair-Detachable-Swing-away/dp/B002VWK1TA/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1432859788&sr=8-3&keywords=wheelchairs) Contact your local chapter of Easter Seals.  They might be able to help or point you towards other resources. What size? Our company (Nanjing Yongli Technology Development Co., Ltd.) is golden supplier wheelchairs and scooters for disabled and elder people on Alibaba
We provide best quality wheelchairs and scooters for customers and we accept all payment method (depend on customers) especially glad to invite customers to visit our factory.
Contact Alice	
Mail: info8@yongligroup8.com
Skype: wheelchairs@outlook.com
Whatsapp: 8618551776828
IM: 8618551776828
http://preview.alibaba.com/product/60303548714-801792324/seperate_pedal_wheelchair.html I'm not sure how to figure that out, will you teach me? Ideally, a physiotherapist should measure you out. If you really need to do it on the cheap, you could have a friend do it. I would highly recommend that you google how to do this. But the 15 second version is:


Width: the widest point that your skin reaches to when sitting on a firm surface. You don't want wheels rubbing against your thighs if it's too narrow, and you don't want to continuously shift back and forth in the chair if it is too wide. 


Length: Sit against a wall and measure from the wall to about 1 inch behind the posterior aspect of your knee joint (from the popliteal fossa). Too long, and the seat will put pressure behind your knees and give you perpetually bad posture. Too short and too much pressure will be put on your butt, and not distributed to your legs too. 
 