Wheelchair tyre opinions Hi all,

I'm getting a new chair soon since I've been using a cheap transporter chair for about a year and it's so bad. I'm so lost, I don't know what to look for or even what to google.

I'm thinking of getting the [w5 d] (http://wolturnus.dk/en/products/rigid-wheelchairs/w5/w5-d/) but I'm confused about... well everything but I live in the Netherlands which has cobble stone streets and I love the out doors so do I want thick castor wheels and thicker tyres? 

I have no bike/wheelchair knowledge at all ðŸ™

Thanks in advance  I've been using schwalbe marathon pros for seven years. They can be pumped up for a faster push or dropped in pressure for a better ride. I've never liked springs on the axel reduces your push and was always too bouncy for me. As for front castors I went with 5" tall 1/4" wide ones that don't get stuck as much or affect push.  You might want to consider something like [the freewheel](https://www.gofreewheel.com/) for those cobbles! When you're not on cobblestones, thicker castor wheels are going to reduce responsiveness to maneuvering,  as will thicker tires in addition to adding weight. The castors in the pic you linked are very small, so a bigger size up from those is probably wise. But huge castors are going to have tradeoff. Of course, it may be worth the tradeoff depending on your goals.  [deleted] Thanks! I think the schwalbe marathon are available to buy though they aren't standard. Hmmm ok thanks! and do I have to get the upgrades that the company has or can you have any brand that fits??? 

It's a lot to take in!  It's extremely bike friendly here which is why I'm feeling less anxiety about going outdoors!! I'll start to google. Thanks! > do I have to get the upgrades that the company has or can you have any brand that fits??? 

Can you clarify what you mean here? What kind of upgrades are you referring to? It shows the options on the [site] (http://wolturnus.dk/en/products/rigid-wheelchairs/w5/w5-d/) :) the chair is very customizable. Ahh, those options. Well, you should definitely check with the vendor, but in my experience castors and quick release wheels have mostly been standardized, so you can use their options or purchase others from sites such as sportaid. Another great site is bike-on.com. My experience is limited to US norms though, and I've never used that brand, so take that with a grain of salt.

If I may ask, through what mechanism are you considering purchase? By which I mean, is this just you privately purchasing a chair, or are you working with any medical/rehab specialists? Vendors of wheelchairs, as well as rehab groups, can usually expose you a variety of brand and setup options, as well as answer questions about part compatibility. There are quite a few companies making chairs in the vein of what you linked. Differences between them can be found in weight (differences in how light they come), price, and customization (how much the frame can be customized to your wants). Another difference is local availability. Some companies will have vendors in the Netherlands, others might not. A local vendor can provide the opportunity to test some different chairs, see what really works for you. If this is the first good chair you're trying to set up for yourself, you almost certainly don't want to just pick various options from a website and then click order. Sure it could work, or...you could get a chair that fits you bad, or has a tricky center of balance, or both. Subtle options there make a big difference. Testing out some chairs is hugely helpful!

 The chair is being brought by the government and I pay whatever difference. There's no rehab here that teach you about the chair... I think.. lol I'm not a local in this country I moved here 5 years ago. I should try to find out though my social worker at the hospital doesn't speak English and my Dutch isn't any where good lol. The wheelchair I linked is sold here and the staff spend a few hours measuring and adjusting so that's something. 