Wheelchair problems? Hello /r/wheelchairs.

I hate to be a poster of this topic.  As an older avid forum user I realise how irritating the constant stream of questions are.  But, unfortunately, I have few options other than to ask for help.

I am 29 year old Technical Manager, dealing with automated mechanical machinery.  I recently went back to university part time to qualify as a Mechanical Design Engineer. It has come to my end of module assessment.

I have been given a choice of 5 possible areas to choose from for my design work, and I am currently in the position of sounding out each one to find the most feasible.

One of those is to, "design a ‘better’ wheelchair"

As a wheelchair user, what issues do you have with your wheelchair?  What could be better about your wheelchair?  Is there things you wish it could do that it couldn't?

Hope you can take the time to read and answer.  Many thanks /r/wheelchairs I don't really have tips on how it can improve, but I can point you in the direction of the current best. The top 2 dogs in the industry are TiLite and Quickie. Personally I have a TiLite ZRA with a JayFusion foam/air bladder seat. Some nice features are lightweight, titanium frame that absorbs shock, and it can break down in seconds (both tires come off, seat pulls off, back folds down) to make it easy to toss into a car. 3 things: lighter, stronger, stiffer.  Wheels that don't get stuck on trivial things like garden hoses. Haha. If there were a way to get "generic" chair manufacturers on board with making non customizable chairs better (i.e. finding ways to keep costs down while making chairs lighter, wheels sturdier, etc.).  I'm currently stuck in a generic Drive chair while fighting my insurance for a custom fit, and I can't maneuver my chair myself because it weighs half as much as I do, and it's a janky ride over anything over than perfectly smooth terrain. Yup, I love my TR. Beats the pants off Colours. This year they put LEDs in the front of the chair, huge QOL I wish I had.

Honestly, I wish I had two lightweight rails I could attach to my chair that I could use as ramps to get into friends houses and stuff. That's more important, I think. Good confidence booster. Thanks for this, I have saved links to those companies.

I assume that the foam/air bladder seat is for comfort?  The friend I asked who has a son in a wheelchair, said that his sons major complaint is lack of shock absorption.  And the cost, and complexity of many suspension equipped wheelchairs.  So I was starting to look at this route. One of the areas that can be improved is custom seating.   You won't hear much about it on this board because most who can speak for themselves actually don't need tons of additional support.   My son needs that support and also uses the ZRA.   He loses the folding capacity due to this and the custom orthopedic supports make the wheelchair very heavy.   Please get these manufacturers to stop basing accessories off of arm rests.   We can't use all the accessories he might need because with armrests on he can't propel his wheelchair and I refuse to deny his freedom to move when he wants.   The armrests basically sit in the back of my car collecting dust and we have used them zero times because of this issue.

ETA - He has moderate scoliosis and we would love lateral supports that are a bit smoother on the outside so that when he is propelling they aren't in the way or in danger of rubbing his inner arms raw.   Taking the laterals off is no longer an option because his scoliosis is rapidly progressing and he has too many abdominal medical access devices in his stomach area to use a TLSO.

A simple modification would be adding a spot that either you can attach hooks or already have a hook attached.   Many times a user has medical pumps and doesn't want the unsightly IV pole especially when so many of these pumps now are designed to be used in small bags and backpacks.   Right now we use baby stroller hooks but they always break after a year because they aren't designed for prolonged use and there really isn't a good area to strap the hook I have had to jerry rig the head rest support but it is a very awkward configuration.   Omg yes, the anti-tippers on my daughters get stuck on everything. Need to go up a wheelchair accessible sidewalk, must go backwards because the lip catches the tippers. So kind of like built in ramps?  Or some mechanism to climb stairs with a manually propelled chair?

Thanks Yes the seat is for comfort and to help prevent pressure sores, you can go with a gel pack instead of air as well. The best two ways I've seen to affect shock is the frame material, and the tire type. A lot of people go with solid tires for ease, but air tires really cushion the ride. Hi my boyfriend works in the wheelchair industry. He deals primarily with head and backrest. I think he would be able to help you out with something that would be more comfortable/functional for your sons specific needs. If you want I can show him this and see what he says. He works the western half of the United States so he may be able to get in touch with your local VA and be of some help.  