Quantum Edge 2: elevation reduces speed to a minimum Hello,

My wife has Quantum Edge 2 powerchair with an elevation feature. When she elevates a seat even on few inches, there's a yellow triangle appears in the joystick screen and wheelchair speed reducing dramatically. Is it right "behavior" or I need to do something with that?

Thank you for suggestions/answers. Every chair I've had (Invacare & Permobil) does that. I'm pretty sure it's a safety thing. Most chairs have that as a safety feature. If it gets too annoying some chairs have inhibitor switches that you can just short out if you get the right wires. It will reduce to half speed so 3.5 mph with the seat elevated, If it's not able to go half speed while elevated then its probably a bad sensor or a suspension problem. Just had mine repaired for the same problem. The same yellow triangle was showing up on my edge 2.  The edge 2 tightens up the suspension when the seat is elevated to keep it stable. Could tip over the chair if you make it ignore the suspension problem. The speed being reduced 'dramatically' doesn't sound right.  I had a similar problem that I solved by simply inflating the tires ... it no longer gave me the alert error and dropped my speed dramatically. Ok, got it. Thank you for help! Thanks a lot! Could you advise where can I found this switch? Please don't try to disable the safety. Instead, talk to the person that sold you the chair, they can change the programming to allow higher speeds at height or increase the height before it slowed down. I would not recommend it for most users as the center of gravity does change drastically and tipping does become a huge issue. Obviously, removing safety features can make your chair unsafe so keep the speed low and don't go up inclines with lift on. You wouldn't be able to claim on insurance and you will be voiding any warranty.

It only works on ones that have a on or off switch as the inhibitor. If it is a programmable position based inhibitor then I do not know of a way to do it.

You will basically need to chase the cables through the chair and find the right ones. I just shorted it out with a crocodile clip to trick the computer. I've only had hands on Quickies so I'm not too sure about other chairs. I spoke to the person who sold the chair, he tried to change it, however he failed and said he has no idea what to change.
I'm pretty much frustrated by this answer, but we bought it "pre-owned" condition with no obligations from seller. It is not something a normal user can change as you need a full programmer. I would reach out to a wheelchair provider or repair shop and ask them if they would program it. You could also reach out to Pride Mobility and see if they would be willing to get you in contact with the sales rep who sells to the providers. Will do that! Thanks for advice! 