Airlines and Lithium Ion batteries I'm flying for the first time next month with a wheelchair. I have a folding electric wheelchair (http://www.discovermymobility.com/store/powerwheelchairs/green-transporter/ez-ultra-lite/index.html), with two lithium ion batteries. I'll be on Alaska one way, and Delta the other. 

Alaska says: If your device uses a lithium ion battery, the battery will be removed and packaged in a protective covering and stowed in the cabin during travel. The battery cannot exceed 25 grams (300 watt hours).

And Delta says: Lithium-ion — not permitted as checked or carry-on baggage 

Any idea what the "protective covering" is on Alaska? will I need to provide that, or do they? My chair has two of these batteries, they're long rectangles, probably 6x2x20 or so.

And am I just totally screwed with Delta? I don't understand that. It's from here: https://www.delta.com/content/www/en_US/traveling-with-us/baggage/before-your-trip/special-items.html

I'm going to call the CRO desk, which it mentions on that page, and see what they say. I suppose I could take my forearm crutches and hopefully have enough time for a wheelchair person to take me, but my layover is tight. 

Any ideas, experience, advice? Check with your chair manufacturer.  They may have jumped through the FAA lithium battery hoops already and there may be a certificate for it that allows it to go on an airplane.    There are a lot of battery powered chairs out there and there’s s solution for most of them.  

I have one for my smart drive on my phone so if there’s any question I can show it to them.   I have a similar chair, and I just had to take my batteries out of the chair so it could go in the hold, and then take the two batteries onto the plane in my backpack. I know that your chair can travel on airlines so there should be a document available online or from the manufacturer to show that it has passed all the testing. Definitely recommend ringing them to check.  The idea of a lithium-ion battery in the baggage hold scares me. I would never fly on an airplane that allowed it. They should be taken into the passenger cabin.

If the wheelchair can be pushed it may be faster to be pushed by one of the people who push wheelchairs (usually skycaps). They are generally fast and can speed up getting from one gate to another. Oh cool, I didn’t know that was a thing! Thanks. Yep, I have a smartdrive too, and keep that cert on my phone. I have flown about 10 times with it, and have always brought it onto the plane with me, no questions asked. The last time I flew, the curbside skycap knew what it was and put an "approved for carry-on" tag on it that I'd not seen before, specifically for the battery in it.. 