Any need to know tips for a new manual wheelchair user? Just got my new chair, draft EDM, active user, low profile etc and I was wondering if anyone had any tips about maintenance or anything you wish you knew when starting out using a chair?  

EDIT: a word Well here’s something the DME cartel won’t tell you: the bearings in the front casters are the same as skateboard bearings. The bearings go out fairly often (I mean, relatively—maybe once or twice a year). You can get replacements at any skate shop. Amazon also sells high quality skateboard bearings (better quality and cheaper than you’ll get if you instead purchase the bearings marketed as wheelchair bearings).

Bike shops are a great resource for repairs. Bike mechanics have all the skills and tools needed to replace bearings or fix a flat or put on a tire with fresh treads. Sure, you can get repairs done through insurance...but that can often take a ridiculously long time for even the most basic shit. And depending on your insurance, the copays might sting even after insurance covers things. Bike mechanics on the other hand are quickly available and affordable! Great advice on the bike shops.  They are cheaper and almost always nicer and more accommodating.    They also seem to love a challenge.   One of our local bike shops is always dreaming up some new custom gotta have thing for my chair.   I love those people!  I don’t what it is about DME people that makes them so grumpy!

I DO like gloves.  Sometimes I use a push Rim and sometimes I just push on the tire.  Dirty.  Yuck.  And at some point even if my hands are clean the callus looks dirty which is embarrassing at a business meeting.  I live in a cold snowy climate and have a number of types of mittens I use in the winter but in the summer my favorites are fingerless under armor mesh back rubber palm lifting gloves.   I get a lot more power out of each push when I wear gloves.  

Wheelie bars.  Hate em.  I managed to break mine after the first day and I never replaced them.  I went backward Going up  curbs for a long time and still do if it’s wet or icy.  And when I first got in a chair it wasn’t nearly as scary as wheelies.   Practice your wheelies. Get those cursed wheelie bars out of there as soon as you're comfortable.  
Some people use gloves, I don't like to unless it's really cold out or there's snow on the ground.  
Hair in your caster wheels will build up to an amazing amount if you don't periodically clean them out (once a month is more than frequent enough)

What is your reason for using the chair?  Buy your tires and tubes online from sportaid or another online store. Bike wheels are bigger and standard bike shops might not always carry your size (usually 24” or 26” x 1 - written on the side wall of your tire) but you can order in bulk and supply them yourself and do your tires & tubes yourself (changing flats isn’t hard, just annoying) or ask your local bike shop to order your size of tubes & tires in and have them do it. So much cheaper. Change your tires when they get bald, and if you see the colour underneath the tread show through, it’s overdue. 

Soft tires may lead to loose spokes so keep them firm. Invest in an air compressor for home, totally worth it.  Try different tread styles to see what you like. If you live in a climate with cold damp winter (Seattle, western Oregon, parts of the east coast) keep your axles clean and greased in the winter to prevent seizing (where the cold contracts the axle bar and your wheels are stuck on your chair). Winter salt on roads is hard on chairs so keep your chair clean. 
If you have long hair or you have a family member or pet you live with who has a ton of hair, clean out your caster axles regularly, hair tends to accumulate there.  I have friends who just burn it off but it’s pretty stinky. 

Push rims need replacing once in awhile - if your hands get black all the time when you’re wheeling regularly that’s your push rim oxidizing on your hands. Get new ones that have a clear coat to prevent this or even wood push rims.  it is possible for some wheelchair users to go up a curb with the right method. learn this and it will save you some grief in the long turn.

lassize le bon temps roulet

 Sweet! I got some skate bearings I can switch out - REDS cool? 

And awesome, I was thinking of taking it down the bike shop tbh. Good to know I'm not insane for thinking that :)  Second this for sure. If you can find a bike place nearby and go in and chat with them one day - let them know your story and that you'll be coming in from time to time for tires, bearings, etc. I've lived a few places and every time I moved I found a spot to use.  Most of the places I've used will even keep at least a set of my preferred tire in their inventory since they know I'll eventually need them.  It's a win-win, they know they're gonna sell em, and I don't have to worry in an emergency. Bike shops gonna be my first port of call when I get my student money in because I wanna get my tires looked at- I'm slightly wary about the camber of them and just wanna make sure all's good for caution's sake.

I got some gloves anyway, because I started using them with my crutches. So, not a bother there- I'm probably gonna use them simply because here it's often cold, and yeah, mud ick would happily adhere itself to my hands. Lifting gloves I hadnt considered though, so I'll be sure to look into some of them.

I'm getting pretty good at wheelies, and since I replaced my castors with something smaller this is probably gonna be easier. Tbh I think the backwards would scare me more- and I aint got the anti-tip bars, thank god. Oh man, those bars suck - I've been getting on the wheelies today actually. Need to get decent at them before I get to going out, living in a city with few curb cuts y'know? 

And I got MS - lesions in C spine. Cheers - I was wondering about tires and bike shops. Good to know I can just order them -24 x 1. I was gonna order some soon anyway. Any opinion on high pressure tape? 

Will look look into air pressurizer, rims are fine. Cheers re axel, I live in a damp place and it snows here fairly regularly  I've more or less got small curbs down by just popping the front casters up- but, I need to be able to get more space on this to get up the bigger curbs. I'll be sure to mention this to my PT, though she'll probably just tell me to go out and learn it.
 REDS! High five  Be sure to test any gloves on your rims before you buy them.   Some that look like they’d be great slip like snot.   That kinda defeats the purpose.    Okay just wanted to make sure you are aware of the danger of pressure sores from sitting all the time. As a paraplegic I can't feel my butt, so I have to methodically and periodically shift my weight to avoid getting pressure sores.  You mean high pressure tape for sealing punctures in your tubes? Or for grip? I’ve never used it but it’s worth a try.  Just keep practicing. It's all about keeping the momentum you build before the curb. I can hop any curb I can get the front caster over just by gaining enough momentum.  Well, I was gonna get into wheelchair skate anyway - an an ex skater I got bearings hanging bout and I was thinking of replacing the castors later this month  Makes sense- I got one pair of like cheap af  fingerless biker leather gloves that work fantastically on the push rims, so might just stock up on them. Yeah man, I have no sensation in my legs and my doctors have spent a lot of time educating me re pressure sores. Got a decent cushion first thing after getting the chair, but thanks for the look out :)   Nah, like you can get tape to go around the inside of your rim to protect your inner tubes from friction and make them last longer  I've learnt to hop lower ones, still need to get good for the higher ones. All rims should have that tape. I have blue super strong low friction tape on mine, don’t know what it’s called. Probably the Schwalbe blue one, I need to check my rims actually- but it's always good to have a spare.
 Yeah I have schwalbe tires on usually. Last time I was in at the bike shop they gave me an upgraded low friction rim tape because I’d had a few slow leaks. None since! 