help figuring out the car situation? Hey everyone! I need some help finding an appropriate car for my father.

He has a neurodegenerative disorder(The doctors are not really sure what it is beyond that) and is now in a power wheelchair. it weighs around 100lbs.  He is not completely without the use of his legs. he can stand up and maybe walk one or two steps if he has support. Eventually, though, that might not be the case. We don't know how far this condition will go, but the degeneration has slowed greatly in the past year(he went from being healthy, to having trouble speaking, to being totally mute, to needing a walker, to needing a wheelchair sometimes, to being wheelchair bound, to needing a power chair in about two years, and nothing major has changed in about a year), so we don't want to go all out on a car just yet.


So we need to figure out something for transportation. we have a limited budget(around 20,000, give or take a few thousand), so that complicates things.  
We have already ruled out buying a car from one of the mobility car places--they are far, far too expensive.
We looked at a Ford Transit, but that was too uncomfortable for my mother to drive(they have to drive about 90 miles to the nearest city twice a month for his medical treatments).

So basically now we are looking for options. right now we just need something that he can easily get in and out of, and something that can support a crane to lift his wheelchair into the car. he needs a car with low seats--as close to the ground as possible--so that rules out most SUVs. most stock minivans also have seats higher than he can easily get into. 

What are some options we might consider? And what are some of the better options for wheelchair cranes or lifts?  You may be interested in this article on the subject

http://www.newdisability.com/wheelchairvans.htm If he's using a power chair, he's better off staying in it if you can find a used accessible minivan. No transfers, just strap in the chair and him, and go. Try Craigslist rather than a dealer. A dealer isn't going to have the beat-up but still serviceable vehicle you want, they're going to fix it up and jack up the price. Check the vendors in your area, the company I work for has a lease option on converted vans. May be an option. I am the original owner of a VMI ramped Honda Odyssey. Mint condition. 140k miles most of which are interstate since I drive to tournaments. Have full records!
Pm me if interested That's what both my mother and I would prefer. Unfortunately, he is convinced that with his wheelchair, it is unsafe to remain in his wheelchair.

I'm fairly certain that's not the case, but there's no convincing him. What's his concern, exactly, about staying in his wheelchair? well, the exact model of wheelchair that he is using is not set up for most of the locking systems. there are systems that exist for his type of chair, but apparently they have not met some kind of safety standard or something.  