How can my Mom get up and down these stairs?  I have much the same issue getting out of a pool when I hoist myself backwards to the pool rim and then have to maneuver into my chair from a sitting position.  Here's what I do:  1) turn so that the knee of your bad leg is on the top step (landing). 2) using your good arm for balance, get your good leg foot under you  on the second step from the top (the one before the landing where the chair is sittin) 3) do a little push up with your good arm to get your leg to a standing position.  You may need to assist her on the size with her bad wrist so she can use that forearm for leverage 4) pivot on the leg that is now standing on the stair 5) push her chair to the edge of the landing and she should be able to sit right in it  She has a broken wrist - can she put weight bear through her forearm? I wondering if she had a [gutter arm crutch](http://smartcrutch.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/michelle-with-small-smart-crutches.jpg) then maybe she could hop up the step on her good leg?  Googled 30' ramp. [First result]
(http://lowes.com/pd/4-ft-x-30-in-Aluminum-Solid-Entryway-Wheelchair-Ramp/3642682?cm_mmc=SCE_PLA_ONLY-_-LumberAndBuildingMaterials-_-SosTreatedLumber-_-3642682:&CAWELAID=&kpid=3642682&CAGPSPN=pla&k_clickID=7e545e32-d896-4dda-83cc-effe89fb9921)
Safest and easiest option. Shop around for some cheaper prices if you need to. If this isn't long enough to cover the hidden step, a two by four will work great. 
 I got to thinking about my post and thought I should add that it's really awkward getting the hang of sort of rolling while you turn.    If your mom is really uncoordinated it may be difficult to get her good leg under her while pushing up with her good arm.    I use the SEAT of my chair to start with since its lower and then the arm rests.  

I also think I should add that my arms are really strong.  If your moms arms are weakish you may need to help her--but even if she's 300+ pounds she should be able to take at least half her weight which will help you a lot in the assist mode.  

There may also be some shorter assistive things she could use if the seat of the chair is to high, but offhand I'm not sure what those might be! A bit of context. My Mom (5'8") is a bigger lady. She's in a wheelchair due to an accident that broke her left ankle and left wrist. We tried getting a ramp for her, but not shown in the picture is one more stair just at the bottom. We'd need a 30' ramp to accommodate these stairs and they just plain don't make those where we're from.

So we're doing it manually. I'm hoping to get some ideas on how to manage these stairs safely, and I mean, I need exact steps. She can't put ANY pressure on the ankle OR the wrist. She's a bigger woman so she uses a walker to get up out of the wheel chair.

Biggest problem we have is not going down. It's going up the stairs, specifically getting from the top stair from a sitting position then back into her chair. Any ideas? hmm build your own ramp to push her up, its ot like she will use it alone?
 A carpenter can build you a ramp. It may cost a few thousand dollars but the government can help with the cost. Look into government funding, it works for me. PERFECT! This is what I needed. Thank you! Forearm? Yes. And We have a gutter walker that she uses, but from the sitting position that she's in, it's WAY too tall for her to get up from, and hopping up the steps is something we're trying to avoid. Those steps are deceptively tall and we don't want to break the other ankle from either another fall or the shock of having to carry her whole body weight from a jump. 300+ lbs and not athletic. Going down I would reverse the chair and have someone directly behind (if you have someone strong enough), gently lowering to each step. Sorry if you already tried this. few grand is way out of our budget. She's going to get out of the wheelchair in 6 weeks so we're just looking for temporary solutions Nah, that's like... CRAZY bumpy. Those steps are pretty tall, and Mom ain't light. If she was, I'd just carry her up myself Is this your home? If so and you can't do two ramps you will "double" the number of stairs to make this work. Measure the height/run of the stairs. Get a chunk of wood half that size longer than the chair is wide. Put one between each step. If it is your place then glue them down or drill a hole in the step and bolt it down. Now you can lower her smaller amounts, less bumpy and easier to control. 

 We're looking for a temporary solution. Nothing that'll alter the property permanently or will cost (wait for it...) an arm and a leg I still think it would work. That is a pebble surface. Glue some thin form to the bottom of the wood. It won't shift position when you put weight on it. 