What is your current chair? Why? I am a RTS (Rehab Technology Supplier) and I prefer to hear about chairs from real users, not just the manufactures. So my question is what is your current chair? What do you like and loath about it? What was your favorite chair to date? TiLite ZRA2. Titanium frame and handrims. Carbon fibre camber tube, side guards, and foot plate. Spinergy LX wheels. No armrests. No push handles. No anti-tips. No brakes. 




Light and simple. No complaints.  Tilite aero t. Absolutely love it compared to the rental chair (forgot what that one was). Best parts: everything is very small and snug and the chair was measured for me. I have the tapered front end to 10" and it's great. Single sided arms for casters, scissor breaks, the bar for collapsing the back instead of a string, short tabs on hand rim is very nice. The java back I have is great and the jay union cushion is phenomenal  I lived in a nursing home for four years and there I had Drive wheelchairs and an E & J Traveler.  I hated the Drive chairs because they did not move smoothly on the floors - pushing myself along was quite a struggle and sometimes trying to turn was tough.  I was eventually given the E & J, which was a dream to push.  I could go as fast as I needed to, turn without any problems.

When I was discharged, the PT dept let me try out a few makes of chairs first before they ordered one for me.  I would have gone with E & J but I think that brand went out of business or was discontinued so I ended up with an Invacare Tracer IV.  Not as smooth rolling as an E & J but definitely better than Drive.     Quickie Q7 from Sunrise Medical here. Scissor brakes, natural-fit push rims, schwalbe marathon plus tires, spoke protectors, single fork casters, verilite cushion, and Jay J3 back rest.

I bought a second one when it was time to replace the first, I liked it that much. 

Good solid chair but still pretty light, although the natural-fit rims weigh too much. I appreciate their comfort though so that makes up for the weight. I'd get them again. 

Love the schwalbe tires too, although I don't know why exactly. 

The single fork casters I got on the second chair were a mistake for me, got pulled into a curb while taking the dog for a walk and bent one only eight days after getting it. I feel like a proper caster would have held up better. TopEnd Crossfire T7, Jay3 low back, Spinergy LX Flexrims, Roho Harmony seating, Frog Legs forks, custom foot plate for wearing high heels. This is my normal city chair, and has been through quite a few scrapes (including getting hit by a taxi), and is also the one I take for air travel. Airlines have been nasty to my chairs, so this one is the one I trust. No anti-tips, brakes, back handles, armrests. 

I also own a TiLite ZRA, which is now too large for me to use every day (lost weight). I have that frame set up as a winter chair, with 26" Spinergys holding supernubby tires, and a carbon fiber back. I also have a Freewheel attachment for winter. I had removed the plastic footplate, and wrapped the footplate's tubing in grippy tape, so my boots wouldn't budge.

Finally, I have a stripped down Colours Razorblade, which I'm not fond of. I feel literally every bump and bruise in that chair. It also didn't fare well through winter's salt and moisture and ick. I sheared off more bolts than I care to mention. I had all my fancy options on that chair for awhile (nice back, better rims, etc.), but the chair kept needing repair, so I'd go back to the Crossfire all the time. It's a bummer, because that's the one that my insurance would actually pay for at the time, is the newest... and is also my least favorite. :( I have a Colours Razor Blade in fire engine red, with Schwalbe Marathon Plus wheels, push handles, and a Varilite Evolution seat cushion.

I honestly love my chair. It is my second chair. First one was also by Colours, love that company. This chair is fast, and I am definitely a speed freak. My main exercise is "jogging" in my chair, for lack of a better term :p [Tilite ZRA](http://tilite.com/chairs_zra.php) in brushed silver.

Titanium frame & handrims, foot plate (which I turned 180 degrees to accomodate my windswept deformity).  I *do* have the push handles & scissor brakes, although I removed the armrests & anti-tips, because they just get in my way.

I would love to get some different wheels for it, as I currently have spokes instead of mag wheels.  Ideally, I would love to get something like [this](http://precisionbillet.co/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/Phoenix-standing-front-large-220x145.jpg), but stuff like that is prohibitively expensive right now. I'm in a powered chair, the Invacare Spectra XTR2. Mine has a fully moulded pressure seat, backrest, armrests, headrests and padded leg rests that can be lifted up to raise my legs. It also has a "kerb-skipper" (curb for US) and anti-tip wheels. It has a reclinable backrest and the whole seat does "tilt-in-space" too. My version of this chair has the chunky front castor wheels and motorised back wheels with 4 full tread solid tyres. I also have the softest suspension springs available.

I live in a rural valley in England and this chair can handle vicious hills, even on mud or gravel. It's pretty damn quick at the top end of the speed settings and the batteries can handle a good 25 miles of rough terrain at full speed on a single charge.

It's pretty bulky for an indoor/outdoor chair so it's not suitable for those with very small homes but I live in a pretty small flat and can manoeuvre it around well. It can spin 360 on the spot which is useful for tight turns.

The brakes are almost impossible to reach from the chair, as are the switches for the motors (to turn the clutch on and off) but I don't really need to use them anyway as the clutch holds my chair in place on the steepest of hills. The armrests could be easier to remove in my opinion but that's a small complaint. I can't really think of anything I dislike about it, even after living with it for a year. It's definitely the best chair I've ever had, the only thing I'd add would be a riser so that the whole seat could lift me up when I need to reach something. Hey, I'm in a ZRA as well. Sling back, Jay Lite cushion, compact scissor locks, stock casters 4", removed cloth guards, arm rests, anti tips and seat folding mechanism to lighten the chair. Was using flex runs until I wore down the rubber. Now I'm on Qgrips. 

My biggest qualm with the chair is it is too wide. Got the chair solely based on RTPs recco (when I was new to the mobility impaired community) and he ordered conservatively. I just ordered some titanium tubing and am getting the cross-member under the seat resized!

I'll also make a custom rigid back for the narrower chair. If the welder is available, these changes will be implemented this week.  Why?
1. Wanted a rigid chair for lightness and optimum movement 
2. Wanted a titanium chair for vibration dampening and coolness factor
3. Got an adjustable frame as it was my first custom manual and I knew I'd be dialing in my seating position over time 
4. All other choices were made keeping the remaining funds in view. 

Scissor locks and Spinergy rims were added on much later as more funds were available.  Kuschall Compact, v trak contour back (have a wonky spine so it needs to be adjustable to the side I sit at), flotech contour seat cushion. I also have a spare set of wheels with mountain bike tyres and long tabs for when I want to go to parks and woods. I have solid airless large casters with a small amount of 'give' so they don't have to be changed for different terrain. Currently using a Quickie Q7. I let the rep talk me into it last year. Overall not a bad chair. Gets me around downtown Boston with some fairly heavy use. It has a couple of really annoying aspects though. The angled front wheel forks seem to have been designed to catch on everything. The rear stabilizer / grip bar is also a pretty painful choice. It's too close to the back rest and too thick to use a large backpack on the chair very well.    this is almost identical to what I use. except, I have an original ZRA. Need brakes to slow down though. i swear I miss my fingers more than I miss my toes! Dang how dirty do your hands get? Or do u wear gloves all the time That is the setup I would choose. What do you use for gloves?  How heavy is the Java back? We don't have a ride designs rep so I have never handled one. It looks like a motion concepts matrix back and those are heavy.  I like the union, great feedback on them.  I have a deep profile Jay cushion.  I love those! It sounds like you are in a K0002 chair. If you are in one long term why are you not in a K0004 or better? 

E&J is still around. The price point is horrible so they are a mostly cash pay only chair. I could do a E&J but there are better that give me a better profit margin. 

Edit: corrected codes.  I don't like the q7 due to the old caster angle adjustment. I had two people strip them out. We only sold two q7s. Has it been improved? It used to be curved pieces with small teeth. 

I alternate between schwalbe tires for city users or v trak for more rural.  Schwalbes are great but have to tread in the mud. 

Bending a single side fork is a big worry of mine. Was that your first single side setup?  Those wheels are quite heavy and like a tattoo, I'd never be able to pick one design.  I'm in a dining chair. Because I can walk. You mutant. I live in a big city, so gloves at all times.  "push handles" are on the backrest for someone to help you out with a push when needed. You may be confusing them with push rims It is fairly heavy, if I remember correctly it weighs about 4-5 pounds with the mounting hardware. I think the support it gives is great and well worth the weight it adds  I don't know anything about those codes.  I currently only need the chair when I go out somewhere where I would need to do extensive walking/standing, ie shopping.  Otherwise, I get around my apartment with either a walker or a quad cane, depending on how bad my legs are that day.  The chair I have is sufficient for what I need. Interesting, I've never had an issue with my caster angle adjustment but looking at my casters I can see how it might happen. I'm not sure if it's been improved at all, but it's still curved pieces with small teeth. I can see how it would be a major problem if those teeth were to be stripped. Now that I know this I'll be careful to keep an eye on it.

This was my first single side set up, but I think it will also be my last. It looks good and I guess it decreases a small amount of weight, but it's not worth the expense to durability. Got it. How does the support compare to a comfort company back or j3? Have you tried either of those? Just looking for experiences so I can be a better RTS. Got it now.  Thanks for sharing your information with me!  Just make sure your caster stem stays tight. If they ever slip, get replacements immediately. 

Have you ever looked at frog legs forks? They add a few ounces but absorb some shock.  If you are going hard enough to bend a single side fork you might benefit from the extra give. 
 I haven't tried those backs in particular. I've tried a sling back (the standard backs to most chairs) and it didn't provide the lateral support the java one does. I was also told the soft backs are also bad for posture in the long run. Also tall backs suck! I'm 5'10" t3 complete and I get plenty of support from my 14" back I haven't tried those backs in particular. I've tried a sling back (the standard backs to most chairs) and it didn't provide the lateral support the java one does. I was also told the soft backs are also bad for posture in the long run I've looked at the frog legs, seems like an interesting concept. I'll give them a closer look when I get around to replacing my bent caster. I would talk with your supplier and see if you can try a j3 for a month before you get a new chair. They are the lightest solid backs I have handled. Plus they should be able to key you try different heights too. 

I will have to check out the Java.  