new user, need advise etc.. Hello. I just found this sub Reddit. And have some questions and I hope this is the right place. 

I am a big guy (500lbs). Yes I understand that years of bad choices etc lead to this etc....  Have been working on my weight issues for about a year when it happened 

On 4/13/16 I woke up to goto work ( outside manual labor at a building supply) as I stood up something gave in my lower back and I hit the floor in agonizing pain in my back and legs .

Ems was called a I was rushed to the ER. That's where things get interesting. The ER doctor was a complete ass, started in on my about my weight told me that I should just die from be obese etc.. They shot me full of pain killers and said I needed an MRI. Well I live in Western NC and as we found out there are no hospitals in our state that can handle obese patients who need an MRI. So long story short ....
I am paralyzed ( not really the word I'm looking for) from the waist down. I can move my legs and feet. But they are dead numb. When I try to stand as my weight hits my legs I lose all feeling and my legs buckle. I also have numbness up thru my buttons and groin and have ED issues bc of it. 

My insurance is a joke, they had physical therapy come out for 20 visits and it helped some till I developed positional vertigo horizontal. Meaning if I look left or right the room will start spinning. PT would not work with me on standing bc of the increased fall risk. 
We started to work on transferring into a wheelchair... till I realized that my left hip is also messed up and I can't scoot very well if at all. 

Thankfully I have a couple strong friends that with the help of a transfer board and maybe a sheet will be able to help me get into my wheelchair. 

Now, the wheelchair they ordered for me is one of those extra wide ones.. I know my home isn't built for it. But that doesn't bother me. I'm more worried down the road when I get the nerve to go out in public having this wide chair and going places. Are most public places (grocery stores, Walmart) make room for the bigger wheelchairs? 

Thanks for reading my story. The wheelchair I have is a drive brand. Also any tips on transferring will be appreciated. First of all, *I am not a medical professional and do not know your condition*

> The ER doctor was a complete ass, started in on my about my weight told me that I should just die from be obese etc..

How long ago was this? Because this is not okay. Was anybody with you to hear the doctor say this?

>My insurance is a joke

Would they pay for a hoyer lift? CNA's that come in once or twice a day to help you? Do you have anybody that lives with you?

Honestly, since something "gave out" in your back and they're unable to diagnose you properly, I would be ***extremely cautious*** of transferring too much, too quickly. That, in my mind, is a recipe for absolute disaster. Can you get to another hospital? Cmon mate you're paralyzed/disabled by choice.. i found inspiration through this guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8u2zYXL6DI

otherwise some stores are big enough, i make it a habit to check every bathroom first thing, not sure if your selfcathing but ive got to the point where if i gotta go i just find an ally or open my car door and do it right there.

also what specific info are you looking for? Just got off the phone with my primary doctor and the last hope we had for an MRI just fell thru. They said I was 6inchs to big for the "large" machine.

Primary doctor says she's going to try one more spine doctor. 

I understand that I'm morbidly obese.... but hell at least tell me to my face , and treat me with a little human decency.

 Lots of doctors dont have people skills, dont look too much into it.
 There's gotta be a machine that will work. There *is* a machine that will work, your doctor just needs to find one and cannot stop looking.

I had a dpctor I actually almost sued for malpractice and professional indecency. You do *not* deserve that, no matter the choices you made in life man. Not all doctors are willing to go the extra mile. Get online and start calling places. Many of these places are happy to answer your questions about what they can handle and if they know of any facilities that can help you. This may include traveling to a nearby large city. Your insurance provider can provide you a list of facilities covered by your plan. Do NOT settle for someone else's laziness. 