Looking for help on getting a brand new motorized wheelchair. Hey there. I'm looking for assistance on getting my first ever motorized wheelchair. This is the first time that I am on my own in getting a wheelchair as in the past the therapists from my highschool/middle school and parents were the ones that helped me get my wheelchairs. Now that I no longer have any therapists and my parents are not always available it is up to myself. I have not a single idea as to where to start looking or anything. I'd appreciate it if you can tell me all that you know and all the information I would need to getting a motorized wheelchair. I live in NYC and have Medicaid. The only thing I've done is ask my family doctor for help but all he did was give me a signed slip of paper that confirms I need a wheelchair and told me to take it to a pharmacy that can work with a wheelchair manufacturer? Is this the only way?
I'm looking to get a motorized wheelchair that is as small (I'm a pretty small guy) and light weight as possible. If you can recommend me something that would be great!   
Thanks for the help! First step would be to find a complex rehab provider.  You need to talk to a ATP as we are trained to correctly fit chairs and do all the insurance paperwork. You will need your doctor to write a letter on why you need a power chair.  Do you live near your parents? If so, you can always call the company that you got your currently chair from. Not the manufacture, the provider.  If not, I am a fan of Pride(quantum/jazzy) chairs.  You can go to pridemobility.com and find a local provider that way.  Your local provider will know all the rules and regulations and will make the process much easier.  I am an ATP on the west coast. My advice is to find a Physical therapist who has experience doing wheelchair evaluations.  He/she usually will be able to direct you to a wheelchair provider who can help.  The therapist will also be needed to provide justification for your chair if you are asking insurance to pay.

What chair are you using now? Manual or power? If manual, consider getting a better, non-folding, power wheelchair. It will last longer and perform better than one which folds and use the manual chair for times when you need transport in a car.

Take your time choosing a chair to meet your needs.  Once you receive a chair you usually can not change your mind. Make sure you try the model you are going to get.  A trial chair may not fit perfectly, but should give you a good idea of how it'll work for you. Try to picture all of the things you do on a normal day, week, year. 

Feel free to send me a message if you have any questions. My parents will probably not have my current chair's provider's information as my chair is almost 7 years old and it my highschool therapists who handled everything back then. I already have a letter from my doctor stating that I will need a motorized wheelchair due to my cerebral palsy. Also what is an ATP? 

I looked around on the website you've provided. Do you know of anything more light weight/smaller and preferably able to fold so it can fit into the back of a car? (like a manual wheelchair) My sister drives and often takes me out so my chair would have to be able to fit into the trunk.

Thanks for the reply by the way!  ATP is a title you get after years of experience and tests.  It stands for Assistive Technology Professional.   

There are folding power chairs but they are not reliable.  I would look into the Drive Medical  Titan.  It breaks down into manageable pieces. That or the jazzy select. 