Screenplay (I know, but hear me out!) Hey everybody, I'm very sorry to bother you all with this (I saw another thread like this, but I'm sure this is quite different) but I'm in need of your advice and experiences!

Aside from my day"job" (psychology student, health care/psychotherapist Masters) I've always been a big fan of writing. I've written for schooljournals, written for and performed at spoken word events (both prose and poetry), I write lyrics (and music) for my band and I've written two novels some 5-10 years ago (of which I am now terribly ashamed, as I'm sure you can imagine). For a bit longer than a year now I have been planning on writing a screenplay (after brainstorming and reading books about it), and I've recently started.
I have always been interested in the "outsider's perspective". I myself have been diagnosed with depression, so I count myself amongst that group. I feel certain groups are very much underrepresented in the media, and people in wheelchairs might very well be somewhere at the top of that list (I came up with the idea before the movie version of The Fundamentals of Caring came out, and even so: still not enough).

This is all a very roundabout way of saying that my main character is in a wheelchair. No, that's not just the story and no, that's not his only defining characteristic. He is also a musician and has some depression/anxiety issues as well (believe me, the story is also lighthearted, I swear!). It just so happens that I don't know all that much about being in a wheelchair! I do however wish to write about this character (if I could only write about characters that closely resemble me, I'd be a terribly boring writer!).

I apologize if this in itself is already offensive. I also apologize if I use the wrong nomenclature. It just matters a great deal to me (hence this long post) that the things that I do end up writing are, in fact, correct. I don't want dumb mistakes that could easily be avoided by simply asking someone with experiences that I lack!

So: is it okay for me to ask a bunch of questions. What would be best: posting them here, creating something like an online survey or e-mailing them to people that are interested in helping me out?

*Because of my complete lack of knowledge considering this topic but my wish to paint a detailed and correct picture of my main character, a couple of these questions are probably quite personal in nature! Everything may be submitted anonymously, of course, and/but if the screenplay ever amounts to anything I'd be more than happy to give credit where it's due (don't worry, it's not like I'd write certain scenes and say "this happened to this person in real life!").

Thanks for reading and I'm looking forward to your replies!

Greetings,

Julian Hey! I really like writing too. I use a wheelchair and I'd be happy to answer any questions you'd like me to:-) Thanks so much! Big fan of your username, btw! Right, so I'll just list the questions underneath this. You (and others) feel free to answer (some of) the questions in private messages or just straight out ignore them if you want. Also, if any of the phrasing is offensive please let me know!

Right, here goes:

What’s your gender/what gender do you identify as? How old are you now, and how old were when you first needed a wheelchair?
What’s the cause of needing a wheelchair? Was it a condition from birth (if so, what condition)? Was it an accident (if so, where exactly is the lesion)? Etc. In any case, what exactly is your physical limitation? (e.g. just the legs, from the waist down, etc.)

If you weren’t born needing a wheelchair, but it’s something that happened later on: do you feel the people close to you (friends, family, romantic relationships) have started treating you differently? If so, how? And how do you feel about this?
What’s your vocation/job/work? Was this something you wanted before needing a wheelchair, or did you have to adapt to your new condition? If so, in what way?

What are small, every day annoyances for you that aren’t exactly the same for people without wheelchairs? Think: weather conditions, steep slopes/unsafe crossings in the street, not reaching the right hight (in stores, bars, snack bars) etc.
What are some places you tend to avoid because of being in a wheelchair?

What every day things can you definitely not do yourself? (e.g. getting dressed, getting into/out of bed/car, showering etc.) If none of these or related things apply, how do you do them differently?
If you’ve had romantic relationships with people who themselves aren’t in a wheelchair, what are annoyances/difficulties due to this difference in conditions?

Are you physically able to have sexual intercourse despite your injuries? If so, how would that work? (e.g. in bed or maybe in a chair or wheelchair even. What sexual positions work best and which ones don’t work at all? Etc.) If not, how do you cope with this? (in and outside of relationships).

Do you feel your condition, aside from negative effects, also has positive effects on you and your life?

How do people/(near-)strangers generally treat you and how would you like to be treated? Think: ignoring your condition altogether, asking questions if they have them, do they ignore your limitations or risks caused by your condition or are they very overbearing? Etc.

How do you feel about the way and amount people in wheelchairs are portrayed in entertainment/the media? Is there something they always get wrong? Is there something they always get right?

What, aside from being in a wheelchair, are other physical aspects of your condition? For instance, the need of physical therapy? Do you often visit a physical therapist/doctor/etc. or are these things you do yourself?

Would you say there are aspects of your life (good/bad/neutral) that people not in your position don’t know about or could not know about? If so, what are these?

Is there anything I missed in these questions that you feel is relevant or interesting etc.? This can be both in regards to you being in a wheelchair and to you as an individual outside of your condition?
 That's a LOT of questions. Some of the answers, as applies to me, I've already written about in other threads, posted this year, as have others, so it'd be worth your while trawling through both 'wheelchairs' and 'disability' and reading recent threads.

Some of my answers to your questions I wouldn't dream of putting in public on Reddit, and I'm not sure I'd give you honest answers in private emails until I knew you a lot better. However, if you want to strike up a private conversation, feel free to drop me a line, but let's take one question at a time.

To start you off, I've only started using a wheelchair in the last 9 months or so, and I'm nearly mid-50's. I've got nerve damage in both feet that developed a few years ago, there being a number of possible causes, none of which have been investigated. The damage will only get worse. So I've a lot experience being 'able-bodied' and a lot of frustrated experience in a chair. However I'd rather have the chair than the alternative, which is being housebound. If you want to know more, drop me a line. Yes I understand it's quite a lot I'm asking of you. I was hoping the anonymity of the internet, usernames and private messages would alleviate the concerns about sending me personal information. In my study I learned that questionnaires might also help with this, because they feel more impersonal than one on one conversations.
I wouldn't ask these questions if I didn't feel they were important for proper representation and/or integral to the plot.

But for those who prefer, like you: I would love a private conversation as well. Anything to make you feel more at ease. I understand the subject can be painful and personal and even then, the probability of a screenplay being adapted is a long shot (though maybe less so in my country, apparently we're in dire need of original work). I've already gotten some replies in private chat, but I'm very grateful for what every little bit people are willing to give me! 