Are the current design of wheelchairs good? So I always see the occasional person in a wheelchair struggling to get up roads with very slight inclines or just get around. It appears so difficult to push the big wheels in the position they are at the side.

What is your experience as a user, is the design optimal or are there better designs? I always thought having something like a handbike drive system or something might be more efficient. as e T5 paraplegic [i'm using one of these](http://www.panthera.se/en/produkt_x.html), and i'm quit happy with it. I don't have any experience with many different brands Not a user, but my wife is and have met many, many users.
There are many factors to consider - differing abilities, size of chair, cost, function in all locations, etc...  The current designs are not great but meet the minimum requirements for the greatest numbers of people (and usually at minimum cost to manufacture).  

Many things can be further adapted to individuals based on their needs.  Different tires, different grips, different seats, even add-on motors to help with hills and inclines...but these all cost money and might have limited use.  If the person only has to go up the hill once every couple weeks, is it worth an $8,000 motor to help?  Maybe not, but if they have to make the trip every day - possibly.

Also much of the current architecture is based on the current dimensions/designs of chairs.  Change the design too much and the user might have issues with doorways, corners, elevators, vehicles, etc...

But  that doesn't mean it can't be improved on, all users I know are always looking for ways to make their experiences better and often giving new items and tech a try (however, for many people being able to afford that improvement is a big issue). power chairs, plain and simple: no It depends on the user and what wheelchair they are using. Some of us have to compromise for price, transport-ability and size. I use a titanium manual wheelchair because I need to be able to get it in and out of my car, and anything like a handbike drive system will get in my way when I am trying to sit and just do work. There are attachments I can buy to make getting around easier, but they are just not affordable for me, and configuring my vehicle to transport a power chair is just out of the question. 

So I might be one of those people who struggles on outdoor terrain or up inclines, but 90% of my time is spent indoors on smooth surfaces, so I have something that will work for me most of the time.    Been a full-time user for three years now. While the basic design works fine if you get a high-end chair, I'm also kind of bored with it. There are a few companies trying weird radical new designs, and I really where those go. How long have you had it?  I've been tempted to move to carbon from titanium, but I'm skeptical as to how well it will hold up.  I tend to unintentionally beat the living crap out of my chairs.. Huh? can you elaborate please. 2 years this fall. I'm well able to go down stairs with the chair, so it holds for that. But it is carbon, so the backrest may easily break if you fall backwards ( I don't :) ). Any direct hits on the frame may also break it, because that's how carbon works.

But still after almost 2 years it's still holding together although i ride quite roughly My guess is traveling and even navigating buildings. Power chairs are heavy, can usually only be transported in vans with lifts, and bulkier than manual chairs. Current designs are lightweight, compact, and durable. There are a few improvements I would make. I will preface with I am an active user and am rough with it in everyday use. The Quickie QR is my current chair, it came with a VARILITE back rest. The detachable back rest holds up, but with 8 different screws holding the backrest together, it can shift and you have to tighten screws (Maybe a fixed backrest would be a better option. My strap to release/fold down the back rest breaks occasionally, but usually not a tough fix. I hate when my foot slides off the back of the footplate, there's got to be a better design/footplate/calfstrap on the market. The brakes on this chair were cheap plastic and would quickly become loose after correctly aligning and tightening. I have never flat tires, which are the best if you're alright with a slightly bumpier ride.

For an active user like myself, to give a wheelchair 10/10, it has to have a range of positives. Their customer service must be first rate. The frame has to be lightweight, the back rest and handles need to fold down to avoid breaking. There should be a never flat wheel option with metal breaks that stay in a firm locking position. Superb answer thanks for taking the time to put in so much effort. It was something I was always curious about because it seems like something that people are so dependent on and are such a huge part of a persons life. But when you look at the designs they really don't seem to look all that carefully designed and certainly not aesthetic in anyway at all. I was curious as to whether it was a case of the design just works the way it does well already so no need to change it and who cares about looks. Or that just nobody has bothered to develop high quality innovative chairs and spend time getting amazing ergonomics like the herman miller chairs for instance because there's no money in it and it's not my problem and it's a captive market so they'll just buy anything we make because they have little to no choice. 