What does everyone here do for work? I'm going to vocational rehab pretty soon to see about starting work (or school, on my way to work), and I don't have a lot of ideas about what I would want to do and that is doable as a wheelchair user. I got completely off track after graduating college and getting really sick and the plans that I had before got scrapped because I became a really different person.

What do you all do? Do you like your work? Do you know of anything that's easy to do from home?  I went through the same program, I'm currently 22 about to be 23 and graduating with an accounting degree. I'm also an accounting intern for the vet school at my university. I think accounting was a good choice because it is almost always based at a desk and has many opportunities. From what I hear, if you put in the time and work it is possible to work from home later in my career if I choose to do so, not 100% from home but I hear you can do quite a bit. As for enjoying it, it's not hard work, it's tedious but it pays well how for my age and will hopefully pay better when I'm out of school allowing my to afford the things that really make me happy.

What do you have in mind if anything? What did you go to college for? Did you graduate? I worked as a paralegal for several years. Our governor is in a wheelchair. There's little you can't do, depending on whatever other illnesses you might have. Don't let your wheelchair be that big a factor in your choice. Barring obvious things like military, you can likely take on any profession you choose. Depending on your country of residence, companies may even be required to provide reasonable accommodations. There's a million things you can do. Of course, some things might be more practical than others. What did you go to school for? What are you interested in?

I'm currently a student, a month away from graduating with my undergrad, and I start grad-school online in the fall for a MA in museum studies. I hope to work in a museum or an archival setting. I also currently work (from home) as a landlord. 

My father was blind and worked from home as a crisis hotline worker. There are a ton of jobs that can be done online. Don't limit yourself blah blah blah.

I got into web design. I started by volunteering. Pretty soon I realized that I should be getting paid. Then people started asking me if I could help them, and then I get money from them.

MORAL: Make sure you talk to people. You'll find something they need that you can do. I'm a journalist for a weekly newspaper. 

I love my job and I don't have to be away from home all the time. I cover all sorts of things from government meetings to local events. 