What car do you own? New injury here. We are currently shopping for a vehicle. I can use my legs some so I don't need a fully accessible van, just a wagon or SUV with a lift inside the back for my Quickie GTi. 

My short list is: 

04+ Range Rover (is low enough for me to get into easily, will fit my family and chair comfortably)
04+ Tahoe, Escalade etc. only complaint is will need to lower it with suspension and it's less luxurious than the rover 
Trailblazer SS - fast and fun with the LS2 but a tighter squeeze. Husband is 6'4"

What do you drive and what is your setup? Currently we put my chair into the back of the car and have to remove the wheels every time and it's really hard and I have no independance this way.  Find a vehicle that you can get in and out of on your own. That is the first consideration, what can keep you independent. 

Next, learn how to get your chair into your vehicle alone. If you have others with you you can ask them to load it but you need to know how to do it alone. Most of my customers will take the wheels of, set them in the back, then load the frame in shotgun. [Here is an example](http://youtu.be/AaxcAOWMzks).  

If you learn this technique than you can get any vehicle that is comfortable for you to get in and out of. I have seen everything from sedans to trucks. It's your choice.  I have a Corolla.  I can't walk at all but I can get myself and my wheelchair in and out of the car easily. It is fiddly at first but you do get the hang of it. I have a fixed frame chair,  and I take the wheels off and put them behind the front seats,  the put the rest of the chair in the passenger seat.
This is probably easier to do from a lower car,  but with practice you should be OK - especially if you can stand a bit to do this. I've been in a modified mini-van for a few years. looking for something small like a station-wagon I have a Kia Soul. Since I can walk short distances and it is just me, I have the back seats folded down so I can put my wheelchair in the back without taking it apart.  My buddy who had his right leg amputated just below the knee and has spina bifida's mom drives a Hundai Sonata, but when we're rollin around (heh) together, it's in my Crown Vic Police Interceptor retired taxi cab. *Ballin!*

Edit: the wheels easily pop off his chair and pop back in, so it's easy to throw the wheels in the backseat and chair in the trunk. 