How to afford a ramp van? For those of you with a ramp van- how did you afford to pay for it?

I was looking at Toyota Sienna ramp vans and even a ten year old 2005 model year converted was over $20k. 

Like many, I am unable to work due to my injury. Over a million dollars in surgeries later, and I'm not much better than the day I was sent to the hospital. We don't anticipate things improving to where I AM able to work. We are just trying to get ahold of my medical bills at all!

So- how did you afford your van? I know it's a personal question, but maybe I'm missing some opportunity to get a van, or some type of payment plan. With so many medical bills, my credit sucks and we are operating solely on my husband's income.  If you could make the attempt to apply to work somewhere, your state's Vocational Department should pay for it. Say that you need it to be able to go on interviews and have transportation for work. I know you cannot, but if you go through the hoops it's worth a ramp 😉 You might be able to find much older ones that are affordable. What is your budget? I'm seeking my single owner Honda Odyssey with an in floor ramp for 22k . pm me for details Here are a few options for you....
Take a look here: www.wholesalewheelchairvans.com

What state do you live in? Here's a list of many agencies available for funding by state: http://www.braunability.com/wheelchair-van-grants-funds/

Give my company a call and we might be able to help: 1-888-Ride-Away. To clarify, they'll pay for the modifications, not the van itself. Unfortunately, not much with all my medical bills. 

I was wondering if anyone knows of any organizations who provide assistance for this sort of thing.  Unfortunately the Odyssey driver seat and steering wheel setup doesn't work for me (short arms) and we have virtually no budget. I wish you the best finding a buyer! Definitely keep an eye out on Craigslist in your area. You might also be able to find 10 year financing to help keep monthly costs down. I am not aware of any organizations specifically but ramp up your google searching and you may be able to find something. 