JAY cushion question. Part has gone flat but there's no leak? Hey all.  I have a JAY Deep Contour cushion, and over the last few days I have noticed that one side of the gel insert doesn't seem as full as the other side (I can gently pull the plastic away from the gel).  I checked the whole thing for leaks, but found nothing.

I tried kneading it a lot this morning, but it did not seem to work.  Does anyone know what might cause this, and what (if anything) I can do to fix it?  I cannot afford a new cushion right now, nor can I even afford a new gel insert.

HELP! Hey there.

It could be a number of things.  Gel is finicky and the gel packs in Jay 2 Deeps are pretty viscous.  Because of this the gel tends to shift away from the point of pressure.  Also age of the cushion is factor.  Since gel is temperature sensative (Ever notice how the gel is more reactive after you've sat on it a while?), especially the fluid-packs in Jay cushions, they become more viscous and may wear down.  Gel is ideal for conforming around the point of pressure, but if you're active, moving and shifting in your cushion a lot, more and more of the gel may be squished away from where you want/need it.  Kneading the gel is a good attempt to rectify the issue as it allows you to redistribute the gel back to where it should be.  If this continues to not be enough for you, I suggest maybe getting a thin layer of pressure relieving foam, 1/4" maybe, of TempurPedic or SunMate to put underneath the gel pack to help keep you from "Bottoming out".  The firmer the foam under the gel pack, the more the gel disperses out from the point of pressure.  If I recall correctly the foam under the gel is pretty dense stuff.

Oh, and if you add foam under the gel pad, be mindful that the additional thickness doesn't upset your balance or cause you to be unable to reach your handrims or footplates.  These are just suggestions; Seek out an Assistive Technology Provider (ATP) if this continues to be a problem. This is a spot on post. I was going to give my two cents but /u/VicSageQuestion had answered completely. 

/u/VicSageQuestion, how long have you worked in the complex rehab industry?  Thank you.  I've been in the industry in one capacity or another since 2000.  I am not an ATP, but I interact with them often. 