what struggles do you face? We want to hear from you so we can potentially come up with an engineering solution Hi, my name is Charlotte and I am in an engineering program for my highschool. In the class, we are supposed to find a problem and come up with an engineering solution to fix it. My partner and I are passionate about helping people. We are wanting to help wheelchair users with problems they may face. One problem we found is that people who independently push their manual chair, often have dirty hands from a result of the wheels picking up dirt from the ground and transferring it to the hands that are pushing the wheels. Before diving in, however, we want to hear from people who actually use wheelchairs. Is this a problem that you face? Please let us know :)

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

UPDATED: I just wanted to give a quick update and say thank you for all of your responses! It is super helpful and I would love to hear as many opinions and experiences as I can get. Always feel free to private message me as well. Thanks again  Metallurgy. The reason they have dirty hands is not because of dirt, it is because the hoops are made from aluminum. A case where light weight and ease of manufacture takes precedence over usability. Aluminum corrodes readily by acidic salty hand oils, that corrosion rubs off during the next usage as ‘dirty’ black metal that is very hard to clean off, and probably toxic. Stainless steel hoops would be a much better alternative, also they would not get damaged so easily when rubbing bricks or concrete. Another option is to powdercoat the aluminum, especially using a coarse grade that improves grip.

I will also add that the wheelchair does become electrically charged in dry weather, static electricity may aggravate the collection of dust. I know that in hot dry weather my wheelchair picks up a LOT of dust. I am used to touching door handles with the back of my hand I get shocked so bad. i have no idea about the costs but a lot of local small shops have a single step at the front. a low cost alternative ramp may be a good idea that can be sold to the businesses. Transferring to and from a toilet independently Parking lot or around-the-neighborhood height visibility. No you can’t make us taller but having something easy to pop up and down, or on and off, at will would be great instead of feeling like an idiot with an orange flag over me anytime I do something. I opt out and no lie have had some close calls with cars.  

Something for making rough terrain, sand specifically, manageable. The FreeWheel is great and makes almost most rough surfaces doable except sand. 

Generally there’s a gadget for most problems but cost and lack of insurance coverage are the big issue. I also agree with an above post about businesses with 1-2 steps, or less, and no ramp being a major obstacle.  Poor urban infrastructure.  Round brush like for hair and brush the dirt off? If I had a mushroom maybe but I’m in a small 1 bedrooms and my front door, when open, is hitting the couch in the main room.  u/Gnarlodious knows.  Anodizing aluminum handrims can help, but it's just plain hard to keep your hands clean while pushing around.  I usually use titanium handrims.  They last for ages but can also leave your hands filthy (worse in certain times of the year.)  I've never powdercoated handrims, but I imagine it would wear over time and chip away. I’m the same vein, I know it’s way harder to keep my floors clean because of all the crap I pick up on my wheels.  I myself prefer a smooth sliding handrail, I find I need grip very rarely compared to the countless hours I spend letting my hands slide past the metal.

Now when they invent something that stays smooth when dry and gains grip during the rain that will be a real trick! I keep a brush by the front door and do a round with the brush against the wheels. Rainy weather is also a mess maker. hi! do you mind private messaging me and asking a few more questions I have? I would really appreciate it I would love to hear more from you about your experiences. do you mind private messaging me? It would really help us.  