What would YOU change about wheelchair design? Toyota has a design challenge since 2017  I would just like to see the price of things like push assist lowered. Wheelchairs are supposed to provide independence, but I can’t really use mine without having someone with me who is strong enough to push me if we’re outside or even inside on textured/carpeted flooring. But push assist like smartdrive comes to thousands of dollars! A lot of us are unable to work full time, or are on disability, and can’t afford that price. 

They decided to make the iPhone X out of cheaper materials to make it affordable to the masses, why not do the same with push assist? I've seen this a couple places, but never mass produced:  for rigid chairs, how about putting a bicycle's chain/pedal system under the chair, for each wheel. Instead of pedalling the user would use a rowing or push and pull action to turn the chains. It'd be easier for outdoors.  Wow, awesome to hear of energy and $$ directed this way! So much room for improvement here! No mention of the iBot...power chair able to elevate and go up stairs. No longer manufactured because there are only so many able to afford it.

http://www.newmobility.com/2016/11/ibot-returns/

Hope they're still going to release a new version. Maybe with new features. 

 Agreed, but if you can afford an iPhone, chances are you can afford a 7k smart drive.

But also prices do need to drop on medical devices. The [mountain trike](http://www.mountaintrike.com) is an off road wheelchair made of mostly mountain bike parts that uses a lever drive system to propel. They are quite good for off road, but I wouldn't want to use one for every day use personally. I mean, I have an iPhone. It cost me 800$, I had to save my paycheck and luckily I had made a decent commission that month that I could afford the phone because my old one had broken and couldn’t be fixed. My fiancé has a brand new iPhone X, but he put it on a credit card and is making monthly payments on the phone to build his credit. Neither of us has 7k to throw at smartdrive, it’d take months, even years of saving. Just because a person canal afford an iPhone doesn’t mean they’re loaded.  Something like that, but on an everyday chair, with removable levers. That way u can use it normally, and when you go outside where it's harder to push, the levers are there to help No judgement sister. 
A smart drive is a much cheaper option than a 20k power chair and a much more practical device than a new iPhone. You could get just as much value from a older model phone. 