Wheelchair-accessible Team-Building? Hi, I hope this is the right subreddit for this - in the charity I volunteer at, I was tasked to organize a team-building event. Usually I'd go straight for the usual (lasertag, bouldering, tree-climbing-park, bowling or the like) but in this charity we also have a wheelchair user and a team-building activity that would leave him out would be pretty shitty. Any other ideas we could do? Unfortunately, the weather is too cold for a picknick at the park or something, and we're too many people for an escape-room thing. Standard would of course be a restaurant visit, but are there any other ideas you could come up with? Thank you! If you have any of those "escape rooms" in your area, I found them to be really fun and inclusive. Just check with the company to see if they are accessible, but most are. [deleted] We did an improv comedy class at a well known comedy studio in NYC. They had a ramp, and we all were included.  :)  Was helpful too for breaking the ice with some new folks, and help our collective communication skills.

Edit: also, perhaps ask the person who uses the wheelchair? They might like bowling, or know how to rock climb. Or, they may recommend trying an adaptive sport. We have company groups and local sports teams come and try playing sled hockey with our team. Hijinks ensue. Table top games? I don't really play any, but I'm sure there's cooperative ones that could lead to conversation and good feelings. Yeah I know, that's why I said we're too many for that one. Here, most escape rooms only have room for six people and we're like 25.  Their arm mobility seems fine, but we're also all in our mid-twenties (guess I should have mentioned that) The game seems like a cool idea, but I'm thinking not without copious amounts of alcohol at our age first. XD  thank you, that with the workshop is a really cool idea! and bowling is possible with a wheelchair technically? I think I'll call up the venues whether they're accessible, then, that could be cool :)  we're around 25 people, though - not sure whether there are any table top games where everybody could interact :/ any ideas...?  Duh, my bad. Was reading on my phone and didn't scroll that far. :) Yep, I've bowled from my chair before. Also, for someone with less dexterity, they can add a small ramp to adapt it.  Depends on the person and the disability. Depends on how they feel about the drop ramps - I hate them. But the fact that you care enough that he's included in the plan will help at least you and him build a stronger relationship. 

Did you book anything yet? Esports can work but best not to fill the whole day with them. There's *a ton* of variants of the game I know as "[Mafia](http://wiki.mafiascum.net/index.php?title=Game_of_Mafia)," which AFAIK originated as a party game. My friend is telling me about [The Werewolves of Miller's Hollow](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/25821/werewolves-millers-hollow), which sounds really similar. Have a Google for a variant you like, if the idea appeals to you. 