IT work in a wheelchair? Hello all.  I'm a 24 year old wheelchair bound male seeking to go back to college, but not certain what for.  I think I would really like majoring in Information Technology(IT) but I'm not actually sure if the work you're supposed to do after getting your degree is wheelchair manageable.

&#x200B;

Does anyone know if it is or is not?  If not, what would you suggest might be the better career path a handicapped year old male should take?  Please let me know any information you may have, and thank you. I'm 26. I'm just starting out in software engineering. I notice that many IT job listings require the employee to physically deal with hardware.   


See if you can do Computer Science as a major. Due to my particular condition, I can only really work remotely, but it is possible. If you can commute to a workplace, you will have an easier time finding a job than I did.  It depends on the exact nature of your disability, but I would think the majority of IT jobs are desk-based, so I'd say IT work would be a sensible career path. 

&#x200B;

But I say do what you are interested in, within reason - for example I have Cerebral Palsy, so I knew I wasn't going to become a brain surgeon (not that I wanted to). I ended up getting a BA in History because that's what I love and now I'm currently doing a MA in Museum Studies in hopes of becoming a curator (eventually). I work adjacent to the IT field now, but prior to my SCI, I was in IT for a number of years. I think it largely depends on what you are going to be doing, and with what company you will be working with. Before moving into legal tech, I worked helpdesk stuff, as a software admin, and eventually as a system admin. The software admin role was much more hands-off, but I did have to work in the server room occassionally, and getting around in any of the server rooms I've ever seen could be difficult, especially on racks with fan-backs and front doors on them.

&#x200B;

The helpdesk stuff required a lot of crawling around under desks, and the system admin required me physically installing servers, switches, etc. I honestly think I could have done 90% of my job with some minimal help, but that last 10% (overnight and weekend flukes that required a server power down and someone to move cables in a rack) could have become an issue. At first, there are a lot of IT jobs not requiring "attendance in person": programmers, testers can work either in the office or remotely. System administrators can access servers remotely. You don't need to open heavy doors to the server room.
Government hiring a lot of skilled people with disabilities for IT positions. As well as MS, Apple, Google, IBM, etc.
IT Giants will _love_ to hire you if you're talented, they are really don't care about if you have disability or not. They pay for your brain work. I think it depends on your injury, but I'm a para and I work in the technical field. I specialized in the non physical aspects and at work I do a large majority of the desk work, while coworkers do the more manual labour stuff. 

Most people especially in the workplace are pretty cooperative. Whatever gets the job done vs who does it. Hi, I’m a para with software engineering experience. I also have some background pre-SCI in IT. There are a lot of IT or IT-adjacent roles that don’t require standing/walking/climbing ladders, but many of the entry level ones do. I like my career because I generally do it without having to leave my wheelchair or desk chair. It’s also a bit more lucrative if you have the talent, and good reliable work. I really look for reliable careers/employers, as I need health insurance. I also have some flexibility to work from home, particularly when it gets very snowy, or if “I’m sick but I can still work - just need to be at my own home”. I have a very chill boss and open-minded colleagues. Not many people where I work are fazed by a person in a wheelchair. Hit me up if you want more help/direction. Happy to chat. So much math though ;-; Sure, but for that struggle you get a lot more money, and for a profession that is entirely un-physical.  