Advice and help with making our house more accessible for a new flatmate Hi r/wheelchairs! I'm hoping to get tips and first-hand perspective on little things we can do to make our house as easy to use from chair-level as possible.

I own a house which I share with my boyfriend and two friends. We have a new flatmate moving in with us who is in a wheelchair full-time, with full mobility from the waist up. We'd like to make sure the house as accessible and easy to use as possible before he arrives, so that he doesn't need to feel like he has to ask for a lot of things to be changed. We have only met once before, so we all might be a bit shy for the first week or so!

We would love some ideas of things we can do or be aware of to make things easy for him, especially around the kitchen, laundry and living area. The house is single-level and open plan. We've rearranged the kitchen to bring cups, plates etc are below bench level, and we've lowered the microwave. As none of us have any experience in the area we'd love any insights on things we might not have yet thought of! Hi guys! Waist down paraplegic here. First off think about a clear path for movement. Shoes, clutter, backpacks. Everything you can step over is a mobility hazard for us. Especially in an emergency. If your new mate can transfer easy then someplace to sit in the tv room would be good. Couch, recliner.  Just to get him outa his chair for a bit. And to feel normal for a while. But the best advice I can give is perspective. Find or borrow a wheelchair if you can. Second hand store or older relative maybe. Sit down and go thru your daily activities. Roll a mile in our shoes as they say. If you have difficulty doing stuff around the house then its even harder for us. Good on you all for being willing to adapt. Hit me up if you have questions. Cheers  Bars in the bathroom so they can transfer easily, a door jam ramp if your front door sits a little high. Make Sure you don't leave items in the walk ways. That's about all I can think of off the top of my head right now.  I think you’ll find that apart from things that we all need like bars in the bathroom and ways to get over thresholds it’s the little things that will trip you up (pun intended).  Those you will just need to deal with as they come up.  The types of things that drive me nuts were not being able to reach the salt and pepper at the back of the stove—easy to fix stuff.  

Just being willing to make changes before he moves in is huge—many people don’t think ahead about that Bathroom rails are a must, especially for a bath, and possibly a shower chair if you only have a shower. When it comes to the bathroom, it might be best to ask what he's used to, as some people have different ways of doing things and it depends on how much he can use his legs. for instance, it may be good to have a Bathing Board for him to sit on if you have a bathtub with a shower, but he may already have one, or a shower chair. 
Giving him a shelf in the fridge that is easy to reach from seated, and a cupboard that's lower down for his food. 
Make sure that walkways are clear and that there is enough space between things for him to manoeuvre.
Dont leave any cupboards open. 
Having a space without a chair at tables and having it easy to get to (eg: not the end of a table that's near to a wall).
Main advice is when he moves in, just tell him that if anything needs changing, he shouldn't worry about asking for things to be improved. Don't feel like you have to do everything, because if there's an issue, he should let you know Make sure turn radius is clear as well. If it helps, imagine carrying a laundry basket sideways, at knee height, through the house. If it might hit the a TV stand, or a couch, or a credenza in the dining area, your roomie might hit it as well, at least in the first few weeks, or in an emergency. God knows I found every corner in my chair as I got used to my new place.

Also if it is a power wheelchair, make sure roomie has a place to charge it in the main area as well as their bedroom. That way they can still have it available. Grab bars in the bathroom are very important, and not just for those in wheelchairs. Anyone can fall in the shower.

Find out how he transfers to the toilet and to the shower, and what he needs in the way of grab bars and rails. I thought of something else that I find useful.   If you don’t have a kitchen table (we have a galley kitchen), there’s nowhere convenient to chop vegetables or things for cooking.   I pull out a kitchen drawer and put an oversized cutting board on it for food prep.  Works great and I can work right next to the sink and stove.     I personally hate not being able to reach the sink it’s a bit of a stretch but if you can make below a zero space so they can drive up too it without having to come at a side would help Thanks! He has a door jamp ramp which will go on the front door, but I hadn't considered bars in the bathroom so that's really helpful thanks :) Awesome, thanks for the info. I think the bigger things like rails and so on we'll figure out later if needed, but it's good to know the little things that are considerate to think of in advance, ie your table tip and not leaving cupboards open. NP another one I thought of is if you have a kitchen table of some sort make sure there's a spot where he can roll up to it and doesn't have to move a chair Sorted :) Our table has chairs at only 3 of the 4 spots (by mistake; I didn't notice I only bought 3 and then the store sold out..) so that's turned out well in the end haha You can get temp bars as well that suction cup on i think they hold up too 120 lbs? 