Question - Wheelchair life Good day to everyone,

Hopefully I'm in the right place to ask this question, if not please feel free to direct me to another sub, and thanks in advance for your time.

Let me first state that I'm not looking for someone to make this decision for me. Right now I'm in information gathering mode. I do not intend to make a decision based on what people say on the internet, rather I'm looking to get information from those in wheelchairs, and maybe have longer conversations with a few individuals, about a decision we need to make in the future regarding our 7 month old son.

First, context: Our son (Hunter) was born with several issues, but the one we've just learned more info on, is his bi-lateral hip dysplasia. We found out recently that his legs are so badly formed that he is going to need to endure years of surgeries, likely across the country from where we, and our supportive family, currently live, and even more years of intensive physical therapies if we want him to ever have the chance to walk. Let me also say here, that he is not currently in any pain or discomfort, I've never seen a happier little guy in my life. In addition to this, he has already endured two jaw surgeries for a malformation there, and also has a surgery to repair a cleft-soft pallet coming up. His official condition is Pierre-Robin Sequence, an suspected but unofficial diagnosis of Femoral-Facial syndrome for those interested. That's all the context, now onto the question.

So we are faced with the decision: Do we sacrifice of a good portion of his childhood, in the hopes that he may some day walk on his own two legs, (no guarantee either) or do we say he's better off having a childhood and working with a wheelchair for his life. We have been told so far, that this isn't something we can put off (looking into that though) and that his growth is essential to the process working.

Let me say, I'm not asking for opinions on the decision itself. What I'm asking is, for people here who have lived their lives in a wheelchair, what are the difficulties, the challenges, and hurdles that life has posed to you? If you had the option of giving up 5-7 years of your childhood, and going through what I've talked about to walk would you? If it meant not being close to family? What challenges and problems do you deal with in your daily life that I, as someone who has walked his entire life, could not possibly be aware of? Trying to get outside of ourselves here.

Thankfully, we have about a year to a year and a half before the ball really gets rolling, so we are taking our time, and trying to ask the right questions of the right people. We appreciate any insight you might have, either through your own observations, or your experiences.

Thanks!

Also posted on /r/disability Will the surgeries cause any lasting effects like arthritis or any other painful conditions later in life? That's my big question. I'm in chronic pain, if I could get rid of my pain being a wheelchair user wouldn't be as bad. I will say I am only a part time wheelchair user and not from a young age, my handicaps started young, but not my wheelchair use. 
My cousin in a wheelchair from a young age and has no pain and has a great life. Very happy, fulfilled, and independent. She doesn't remember life pre wheelchair and wouldn't change a thing. It's made her who she is, a very fierce, strong, cowgirl. She's happily married and lives a great life.  Hi.

I'm very sorry about your son's conditions but looking towards the bright side he's alive and things could be worse. After suffering a spinal cord and brain injury as a teenager I have been bound to a wheelchair for over 7 years now. The decision is between you and your family but coming from someone that has been on their feet and wheelchair bound I wouldn't cut your son's possibilities of walking short. 

Challenges, using the restroom is a big one. Independence and always needing someone around is the biggest obstacle which also takes time away from the family or require somebody to be there for you. Only wishing you and your son the best. I'll be praying for you guys. Hope this is able to help. Excellent question, thank you for considering it. (I have many friends who are now wheelchair users who bitterly regret their childhood surgeries.) I've used a wheelchair part-time since 1993. I can still walk briefly. 

"Walking" and "wheelchair use" aren't binary choices. Would it be possible that your son could stand briefly or walk a few steps without surgery? I have that ability, and it makes life a lot easier. 

ADA has made an enormous difference but our world is not yet designed for wheelchair users as a matter of course. I hope this improves during all our lifetimes.

I can't provide cites, but I've heard from doctors that kids' center-of-gravity, balance etc is fundamentally different from adults. This was in the context of training kids with gait walkers; that work didn't seamlessly transfer to how a person gets around when they've finished growing.
 That's a great question, we are still in the fact finding mode so what the long term impacts would be, we don't know yet. We appreciate the input though, thanks :) Thanks a ton, having both perspectives is actually something we really want to hear because someone who HAS walked and now can't has a good idea of what they are missing/can no longer do.

I mean the biggest question I have is, if you could lose years 4-10 (give or take 2-3 years) in surgeries and hospitals, and be able to walk in exchange, would you? Would change the friends you have, how they interact, and what you're able to do throughout all life. Any thoughts on that perspective as someone who has lived both lives now?

Thanks again in advance. Good luck, as a parent I know these are really tough decisions to make.  Throughout life friends come and go but your good friends stay around. Having had the experience of walking I would definitely exchange it to be able to walk. Still today, since my accident I work everyday to try to walk again.

 You can't plan out the future. Life just happens and plays itself out. Childhood is incredible and fun, being handicap doesn't have to change that. It's all about adapting as a person and as a family. Life is long. Have faith and pray for a miracle. They happen. 