Wife of new amputee looking for advice and support Hi all,

My husband just lost his left leg above the knee.  He's had 2 right side strokes previously so even when we can start working with a prosthesis he will likely be in a wheelchair most of the time.  He's in rehab now working on slide board transfers.  When he's strong enough to transfer with just supervision he will come home.  (He can't bear his own weight on the right leg and used a walker before this due to the strokes.)

We have an SUV he is not able to transfer into.  A friend has a sedan and will help when she can.  The PT says that's the best option.  Anybody have other ideas?  I can't lift him alone.  Would Medicare cover a rental lift if he needed it?


I've done a lot in the house already making it wheelchair friendly.  It's a single level ranch.  Ramp built, hospital bed and drop arm commode delivered, furniture rearranged.  I need to widen the bathroom door; I took the door and frame off and hung a curtain and it is just barely wide enough.  I'm going to need to widen it further for him to get in and out independently as our hallway is a touch narrow and the doorway doesn't allow for the chair's turn radius, or for his hands to stay on the wheels while they go through the doorway.  We have hardwood floors under the living room carpet so I'm going to pull that out.  It's incredible how much harder the carpet makes pushing the chair. The rest of the house is already wood and tile.

So sorry if that got long but noob advice much appreciated.  Feel free to send me links or suggest search terms.

Thanks so much,

-Sara

 What I found about vehicles that worked with a wheelchair was to try to find one that has a seat that is roughly the same height as the seat on the chair--that makes transferring a lot easier, regardless of the method you use to transfer.    One of the easiest vehicles I got in and out of (don't laugh) was an older scion B--the really boxy one. SUV's are generally too high and sedans are generally too low.

I agree with the carpet statement.  I HATE carpet for getting around.   Apart from the difficulty of maneuvering on it, if it's wall to wall it ends up stretching and buckling, if it's not it slides.    I've also found that I ruin linoleum in a few years if there are any rocks in my knobby tires.    It ends up with a ton of little cuts in it and it always looks terrible.    Hardwood flooring, the harder bamboo flooring, and tile seem to work the best (for me).    Check out the care cure forums.  Good stuff there.

Re: car, that's hard.  For the SUV, you could look into the very nice, sometimes unreliable, and very expensive bruno lift seats.  Car + transfer board is much easier.

Grab bars near every toilet; you can get them cheap from home depot, but you'll have to make sure they're screwed into studs to be secure; if you can't line it up, use a large board of wood drilled into studs, then attach the handle to that.

Single level house - very good.  For ramps, they need to be very low slope (10:1 or something?) to be doable.  It's very hard to roll up ramps that are too steep.

For doors; you can get L hinges to increase clearance a little; it's a bit like having no door on, you don't have to clear it:
http://www.adaptiveaccess.com/offset_hinges.php

That won't help if the doorway is too narrow to turn/move, but it helps if just the door itself is in the way.

Carpets are bad.  Low-pile industrial style carpets (or some thinner rugs) are doable, but bare floor is always easier.

What else?  Good luck. I'd suggest trading in the SUV and getting a wheelchair accessible minivan if you can afford it. So much easier for both of you if he can stay in his chair. Before you get a new car I would say try the long slide board and park the car next to a curb, i had to do this with my buddy's truck and other SUVs. It's not great a first but you get used to it and hopefully he will get strong enough to help out a bit. If your such is lifted then I'm not sure, that might be pretty high. 

I'm curious to know how long the doctors say his recovery time is supposed to be and how much function he lost and how much he should regain, if it's something like two years it's better to just suck it up, IMO, and help with most things until he's strong enough to do things on his own. throw rugs are always buckling on me it gets old. my car is a 01 4 door grand prix. perfect height and enough head room in the door jam. big back seat to throw in my rigid frame wheelchair and huge trunk as well. sorry i couldn't add more to help OP. i have much more independence but i would say definitely look into a tilite wheelchair way more comfortable and can turn in some tight spots. and if he can start working on transferring without that board as soon as he can he will not regret it. good luck to you both and you might try cross posting in /r/disability as well as /r/spinalcordinjuries im sure you could get some good advice in these subs Thanks, I will get this carpet out for sure :) Our friend's sedan really is too low but it's manageable.  I really hope he will be able to do a pivot transfer with the prosthetic!  I'm liking this minivan idea though :)  

 Thanks!  I found a contractor to build the ramp and it is ADA compliant.  House is on a hill so it had to be 32 feet long but it is awesome. He even built us two gates on the landings so the dogs can't get out while he's coming and going.  :D

I might get the hinges for the bedroom door, that would help!  The bathroom I am going to have to cut the 2x4s and drywall on one side, even without the door and frame.

I've wanted this carpet out since we moved in but it's glued to the wood so will be a project.  But I'll love it when it's done! :)   We live on his disability payments and we also have a severely autistic teenaged son.  Caring for both of them, there's no way I can work.  In the future though the minivan is a great thought.  I bet you can modify one fairly easily by taking out the back seat and installing tie downs, and use a suitcase ramp.  I think this suv is just too high.  :/ They say he can start working with a prosthesis in 3 months or so but we know that will be a whole process, he won't just put it on and walk.  But if he could stand up and take a few steps it would make a lot of things much easier.  They haven't offered any time estimates on that.  A lot will probably be wait and see.  Right now it's taking two people to transfer him so getting to taking two steps seems like plenty to ask for.

With his strokes he was fully paralyzed on the right side.  He came back to walking without assistance, with a limp, in about a year.  But with only the right leg now it's just not strong enough.   Thanks especially for the forum suggestions.  Do you know of any good groups for caregiver support?  He also has a "mild" brain injury.  I want to be the loving supportive wife but I get so FRUSTRATED and then I feel awful for being short with him.  Things have been hard for a long time. Here down under the Honda Odyssey with a side ramp or a Toyota Tarago with a rear ramp are usual. If you have more money look at a Kia Grand Carnivale or Volkswagen Caravelle. There's a pretty good market in used ones.  I think you're right about the SUV. Well sounds like there might be room for improvement, especially if he can eventually at least stand! But I stand by what I said, it's hard at first, what isn't. The changing of the carpet is good for sure but I wouldn't make any crazy changes, if he's in a chair for awhile try to get the right one, the right size. The more narrow and less camber will make door ways easier, I can even fit in some non handicap stalls when I really need to. Also if he has use of at least one hand/arm I would think his transfers will get a whole lot better! When I was in rehab I colder lift my left arm up for 2 weeks, no I can transfer myself in SUVs with little to no problems, like that ford Ranger I mentioned. 