Anyone have the Bruno Chariot lift? If so, how do you like it?

Also, if you wouldn't mind, could you measure the height off the ground of the black back bar part when the lift is down? 

Surprisingly, this info isn't available anywhere. I even contacted Bruno and they couldn't help me out, and were frankly kinda rude.  Sorry, I don't. I think I had a [Bruno lift thing](http://www.bruno.com/scooter-lift-big-lifter/) a long time ago, hated that thing. Was... clunky.

Just wanted to put out a friendly concern - what if you get back-ended? Your mobility device would be the first thing to go. My paranoia would also be concerned about it not being secured enough, and also it being in the elements anywhere from 20-80mph.

It's probable you already considered alternatives, but these exterior lifts freak me out. Suppose it might be less of a fear if you have better mobility than me, and/or it's not a very expensive scooter/chair. Thanks for the concerns! I don't like the idea of having my chair out in the elements either, but sadly I don't have any other option. I can fit my manual chair in my trunk but my power chair I'm planning on getting won't fit in there. Hopefully if I got rear ended that the person who crashed into me would have good enough insurance to replace it for me! And really I'm kind of unhealthily in love with my car, so I'd rather my chair get messed up than for my car to! 

ETA: I've looked at that kind of lift too but thought it'd be clunky. How do you get your chair in your vehicle if not for with one of those? I really don't want to trade in for a van. I cooooould just rely on my manual chair, but I live kinda in the mountains, so getting around a lot of places is SO hard and I'm really just tired of having to have people push me.  I'm in a very heavy power chair, so anything smaller than a large(ish) minivan would be out of the question for me! I use a lift in a full-sized van, but I'm trying to save up for a minivan with a ramp. 

I think most just make sure their equipment is light and disassembles - which I know isn't really usually thing with scooters, and rarely a thing for power chairs.

I do know what you mean, though, the whole "powered" aspect is freeing. Even with this lift, the ability to get out and not be half as tired will be great regardless :) I won't try to insist you trade in your car, but I did just wanna make sure the risks were known. 