Questions on slope of a temporary ramp My mom is in a wheelchair and her and my dad want to visit for thanksgiving. I recently hurt my leg and will not be able to help my dad lift her wheel chair of the 5 stairs onto my porch. My dad is telling me that for the 3 feet we need a 30 foot ramp which obviously isn't feasible for my budget to rent or try to build. My question is is there a safe way to use any of the 10 foot portable ramps i have found on amazon? Or is there another way to get her in the house? Your father is technically correct. But this calculation is for a ramp for public use and is designed for wheelchair users to push themselves up the ramp. The ratio is 1/12, meaning that for every one foot rise, there must be a 12 foot run. So, a 3 feet of stairs should have 36 feet of ramp.  However, your mother is not going to be pushing herself up this ramp. I can not say if a 10 foot ramp will be safe for your father to push her up. No one can. It depends on the strength of your father and the stability of the ramp. Maybe you can find a way to rent a ramp for this visit and then if it works well buy it and have it on hand for the next. Another option is to put an advertisement in Facebook or Craigslist and offer to pay a couple of local students $25 each to carry her and her wheelchair up and down the stairs. Or buy the ramp and hire the students and see how it goes.

&#x200B; Unfortunately ramp ratios work out much worse than one might wish. As other poster mentioned, the “official” ratio is 1:12. You don’t need to necessarily match that. The problem is, and I say this as an adventurous full-time chair user who enthusiastically supports ad hoc solutions, the ratio isn’t too far off from what one needs, even if being helped. The issue isn’t just a matter of muscle pushing a chair up. Once too steep, the ramp becomes to steep to even go down safely, and too steep to recline the chair in without it flipping backwards without additional support. Thus puts people in the position where a slip or misstep can be really dangerous. 

For me, I could imagine pushing the ratio to 1:8. But what you’re suggesting is less than 1:4, which I think you’ll find is wayyy steeper than you realized. The ratio matters more the higher the vertical distance needs. For one step (~1ft) , whatever, a steep ramp will be fine with help. For two steps (~2ft), difficulty increases a surprising amount, but it still is a short enough distance than one person can help safely. 3 steps can be a bigger deal than you’d think. If you have 2 people, you’ll be fine. But you do start to get into danger zone if it’s just your dad. Anyway, might work, maybe just plop it down and see how you guys feel about it. But it IS an extremely steep ramp. Impossible to go up OR down alone, and a danger if anyone slips.  No way is a 1:3 ratio safe enough.  I've done the portable ramps with myself AND anorther large person on either side.  We built a 1:10 which works fine, and that's kinda our goto for building stuff.  The only way I would do it with just one person is with a steady guide rope and a winch. In South africa our standard is 1:12 for manual and 1:7 for motorised  For people to wheel themselves up and down, the absolute minimum ratio according to Canada and U.S. building codes is 1:12 and the preferred ratio is 1:20. I *think* that the 1:20 ratio is part of ADA regulations and i can tell you that 1:20 is a significant hill to push through (or to ride up on a bicycle).

I suspect that if you push her up and down (always facing up), you could go steeper, like 1:10 or 1:8, but beyond that, it would be more dangerous using a steep ramp than going kamikase style through the steps.

If you are not convinced, go and measure up your staircase and put a 10-ft rope where the ramp would be. Typical stairs are 7.5 to 8" high, so you have a total height of 40 inches. The ramp is 120 inches long, so you'll have a slope of 1:2.8. That's steeper than the slope of your average sand pit!

The 10' ramp is ideal for 1 step (or 2 very low ones) for a wheelchair user in good shape. It could span 2-3 steps maximum if you push her up and down the ramp.
 As everyone else has said, 12 to 1 is the standard "official" slope. A 10' ramp would be very difficult for even a strong person to push the chair up. Maybe several people can push the wheelchair up. It could be dangerous going down, however. Hopefully you don't have in South Africa! With snow and ice, you would need 4 studded tires or 4 tires with chains to avoid slipping. This is true. We do not have much snow here where we live. Platform lifts may be a better option here.  