First time flying as a wheelchair user I've done a fair bit of research, and read some stories online. So, I feel I have a decent idea of what to expect. This will be my first time flying as a double leg amputee from a rather recent (<1year) accident. Can anyone else give me some insight as to what to expect? Thank you!! There'll be some variations in what to expect based on different airlines, but it should be pretty straightforward. I recommend checking in with staff at the gate around 30 minutes before boarding to let them know you'll be needing an aisle chair, and to ask about whether there will be one available onboard, should you need it to get to/from the bathroom in flight. When boarding, they'll strap you into the aisle chair and take you to your seat, and you're set to fly! Typically you should be one of the first to get on the plane, and (unfortunately) the last to get off the plane. The airline should have your personal wheelchair waiting for you outside the plane. Happy travels!  When booking your flight:
I would recommend notifying the airline that you will be bringing your own chair and that you will require assistance with boarding (specifically, the need for an aisle chair to board). Some airlines now give you the option to make requests online. If you go to the airline's website you should be able to register your flight info and then there is typically a section where you can make special requests. Otherwise, I would call the airline so that they can make a note on your reservation. 

I have found I've had much better results when they have it noted prior to arriving at the airport. Airports only have a certain number of aisle chairs to go around, they are not stored at the gates, and all airlines share them. If they have it noted ahead of time it will help them coordinate so that there is an aisle chair waiting at your gate prior to boarding and at your destination. I've run into issues in the past by just notifying the crew at the gate that I need one and they couldn't get one in time for preboarding so I had to wait until everyone was onboard (also running the risk of delaying the flight). This also created issues at my destination because they did not have an aisle chair ready at the gate so I had to sit on the plane for another 20 minutes until it arrived.

I tend to always reserve a window seat when booking, this way I don't have to deal with anyone sitting on the inside trying to climb over me during the flight. This works for me because I never end up using the bathrooms on board because I just end up using a leg bag when I fly (yeah not so glamorous but whatever, it works). But your situation might be different. If it's a long flight and you think you'll need to use the bathroom at some point, maybe the aisle seat would be better (assuming the flight is equipped with an aisle chair, may be something to call about).

Lastly, if you are booking a flight with a connection, be sure to give yourself over an hour between flights. Unfortunately when exiting the plane, you'll have to wait until everyone has exited first before they can bring the aisle chair to you which will eat up about 15-20 minutes alone. As noted before, there's always the slight risk of the aisle chair not being ready at your gate (though I haven't run into this as much lately).

At the airport:
At check-in/baggage check, I always verify they have it noted I require an aisle chair for boarding. Just in case it was noted prior on your reservation, this gives them more time to get the aisle chair to your gate rather than waiting to notify the gate crew.

At Security:
This is definitely one of those times where being in a wheelchair has its perks! Most TSA checkpoints have a VIP or express line (don't remember the exact title) and all wheelchair users can use this line. This essentially lets you jump to the front of the line rather than getting in the main queue. You will, however, need to go through a pat down (which is not so much of a perk) and they will swab your chair to test for explosives and such. There are also some exceptions to the liquids policy if they're medical related. Here's some more info: https://www.tsa.gov/travel/special-procedures  I'd say on average it takes me about 15 minutes to get through security.

At the gate:
My goal when flying is to always arrive at the gate at least 20-30 minutes prior to Pre Boarding, this is typically 40 minutes prior to the departure time. When you arrive, talk to one of the crew members at the gate counter so that they know you are there (they should know by this point that you need an aisle chair, otherwise, tell them again). You will also need to tell them that you have brought your own chair and it will need to be checked at the gate. They will give you a tag to attach to your chair and you'll get a corresponding tag with a matching number to keep with you. They generally would like for you to wait somewhere close to the gate (at least within eyesight) because just before Pre Boarding begins they will notify you that they're ready for you to board. 

You then will roll down the jetway in your chair and then at the bottom, in front of the aircraft door, you'll transfer to the aisle chair. There are typically two airport employees who will there to assist if you need help transferring. Once they roll you down the aisle and to your seat, your wheelchair will be taken from the jetway and put down below in cargo. Make sure that anything removable on your chair (such as the cushion) is either removed prior, secured in some way, or brought into the cabin with you. I always take my cushion off and have a flight attendant place it overhead somewhere or in one of the closets. This way I can fold the seatback down so the frame is more compact and I don't risk the cusion falling off somehow and getting lost. Also be sure that your wheels are locked so that the chair isn't rolling around underneath.

On Board:
Call me paranoid, but I always like to verify with a flight attendant that there will be an aisle chair waiting at the destination airport's gate. Also ask if the aircraft is equipped with an aisle chair onboard (if you didn't check ahead of time). It really depends on the airline and aircraft being flown. 

Exiting:
Not much to say here other than it's the same process as boarding but just in reverse :-). And yeah the other unfortunate bit is that you'll need to wait for everyone else to exit before they will bring the aisle chair down.

Hope this helps... Usually the armrests lift up unlatching a little latch which is located under the armrest itself towards the back. It's often a little catch which you pull forwards and then swing the armrest up. If you can't find it the crew can for sure.  Look on seat guru for the exact model and airline version of the plane you are flying on to see if the armrests swing up.  Not every row on every plane has this feature.  Thank you!  I always used to like sitting in the front so I was off first..watching people walk by is gonna frustrate me for sure lol.  I guess I just have to know to expect it. Wow.  Incredible response, thank you so much.  What I mostly got from it was aisle chair, aisle chair, aisle chair!! Lol.

I plan on sitting in the aisle seat.  It's a moderately long flight, but I shouldn't block anyone.  My legs will not reach the end of the seat (unless airplane seats haven't gotten even smaller in the past year lol).  Thus, I'm not too worried about getting in other peoples way.  

At the start of this I was all worried about the TSA honestly.  But, between what you've told me and what I've heard it's not going to be a big deal at all.  Apparently, without prosthetic legs it's a breeze.  So, glad to hear it's quick!!

Thank you for reminding me to take care of my chair before boarding.  I've forgotten to put the brakes on my chair and had it roll away from me a couple times before, so I'll definitely keep this comment in mind.  

Overall, thank you so much! Big help :) Thanks for the reply!  I actually wasn't able to go on the trip due to a health emergency, but I will definitely keep this in mind when I fly :) No problem and good luck! Would love to hear about your experience when you return. 

One other little tidbit I forgot about is that pretty much all armrests that face the aisle can raise up and out of the way making the transfer from the aisle chair soooo much easier. It's not always very obvious how to unlock them to raise it and most of the time the crew who have pulled you down the aisle haven't a clue how they work. So, ask for one of the flight attendants to raise the armrest for you before you transfer.

And I totally didn't think about as an amputee you wouldn't really need to worry about people climbing over you. Definitely a nice advantage to have!! > One other little tidbit I forgot about is that pretty much all armrests that face the aisle can raise up and out of the way 

Are you serious?  THANK GOD!  Someone else told me that I would have to transfer *over* the armrests.  My legs are faily high above the knees, so I think I could do it, but I was still worried about climbing over an armrest.  I will definitely make sure that the flight attendants to help with that.  That's the best thing I've heard about all this:)

Haha, yup just walk on by...do I high five them on the way? 