Think twice before buying Invacare Incoming rant----- To be completely fair, I obviously can't say if I just got a "lemon" or if they're all garbage but I can tell you mine is definitely garbage. I let the salesman at Univita talk me in to going with it and boy do I regret it. I've had it for a little over a year the frame's broke, the rear wheels are out-of-round and tread-less, the footplate bent in half (that one was 80% my fault), there's a weird clicking noise when I'm in motion, and I can't find a single bearing that isn't grinding. To top all of that off, Univita went bankrupt, and Invacare "warranty" only covers breaks in the welds. Now I've got to try limp by using jb weld and guess fixing/troubleshooting while I save for replacement parts while I save for a new chair while I wait out the 3ish years until insurance will throw me a bone. 

For comparison, I had a TiLite before this and I went almost 7 years without needing much more than some new fabric and new rubber.

tl;dr Do your research before you go to the "dealership", be confident in what you need/want, ask for specifics when considering recommendations.  [deleted] Out of the big US wheelchair companies, Tilite is without a doubt the best in quality. The materials and assembly feel so much more solid and still light weight. My previous Quickie was one of their higher end models and I could tell an immediate difference in craftsmanship between the two. 


Some dealers will try to push chairs their parent companies have close ties with. I agree, everyone should do independent research when looking for new equipment. That sucks and I'm sorry you have to deal with that bullshit. I had an invacare as a pre-teen which wasn't bad, then a quickie as a teen which sucked ass. I finally got a TiLite when I was 20 and oh man, I am NEVER going back to either. 

I'm sorry you got sucked into changing brands. Another thing I would add is don't take everything the "dealership" says at face value. Yes, these people are educated in seating solutions and what different disabilities need, but, at the end of it all, you are the one that knows your body and what works for you, especially if you are like me and have been in a wheelchair most/all of your life.  [You might like to post this over here at WheelchairJunkie's](http://wheelchairjunkie.com/whatsnew.html) I actually hope they had a deal because if not they're just selling people crap chairs because they felt like being a dick. You'd think when selling a product people will literally depend on they'd care at least a little about the quality but apparently not. 