How to obtain a backup wheelchair My power wheelchair's batteries are shot and the company that's supposed to be handling repairs is taking a long time with it, so I've been without a usable wheelchair for about a week. I really want to avoid this scenario in the future, but I am extremely poor and have little hope of paying for a manual wheelchair as a backup on my own. Is health insurance likely to have some kind of exclusion for a backup wheelchair? Is there some way to get a wheelchair for free or under $100? 

If anyone needs further clarification, let me know. No chair = pain, injury, fatigue, and thus incoherence, lol. It depends on your location. I know my local red cross does equipment loans for fairly inexpensive. I'm not sure if the sell any equipment outright, but they might.

You can also contact local churches, retirement homes, possibly even hospitals to see if they have any unused equipment they are willing to part with. 

You could also try local buy and sell Facebook pages, Craig's list, Kijiji. Just quickly looking on my small town Kijiji, there are two very basic wheelchairs for $50. Hello, everyone! Thank you so much for the responses. I found out that my insurance will cover a backup wheelchair, but the company my medical system contracts with is pretty incompetent and so it's taking forever. I can't in good conscience accept something if I can get insurance to pay for it, so I see your offer, strangerinthepark, and I will wait on it (if it's still there). 

If this falls through I'll be sure to check out the resources you all gave me!  I got hooked up by a local church when I was in need. There may be resources in your area as well. Also try calling 211, "a place to call when you don't know who to call". They should have a list of resources local to you. Where are you located (country/state)? Don't know if i can help but I've got an extra chair in my garage I'm not using.  Brand new. Im in socal if there is any way to work something out. PM me if you wanna try.  There are often manual chairs at Goodwill that are lightly used and cheap.   I've also seen them for almost nothing at garage sales No insurance company pays for used equipment, so you have to find the chair through an informal transaction.

Hospice workers often know about wheelchairs left behind when someone dies. 

If you're in the US

* Check if United Spinal (formerly Paralyzed Vets Association) has a chapter near you: [United Spinal(https://unitedspinal.org)

* Mobility recycling service from the Milwaukee, Wisconsin independent living center. They take in donated equipment, clean them up, and resell. [Independence First Mobility Services](http://ifmobility.mcservices.com/) They have a searchable database there and also sell on eBay. They've got a WIDE range of items, from walkers to overhead hoists and pediatric devices.

Not free, but it's closer to affordable and maybe can be combined with money help from somewhere else. 