I'm looking for a new power chair(avoid power chairs if you can) and I think the permobil F5 looks pretty slick, is it a good chair? I guess the thing I'm most worried about is getting it serviced. Ideally it would need 0 service. 

I currently have a piece of crap chair that breaks all the time.

There is a standing option that I like, does that compromise anything? Does it cause break down? [deleted] Service tech here. I dispensed one of these a couple weeks ago. Real nice looking chair, and drives really smooth! Motors are the quietest I've seen from a power chair. I like permobil chairs in general, they maybe aren't the most heavy duty, but they are pretty reliable. When I first started working on them they annoyed me because of the over-engineering of things, but once you get the hang of working on them, you start to appreciate how well built they are.

As far as zero service- good luck lol. Every wheelchair needs service if only to change tires, casters, batteries, armpads, wear and tear kind of stuff. I haven't seen enough of the F5 to see if it really has any issues, but it looks to me pretty much the same as m300/c300 as far as electronics, and seating options are all the same. The suspension looks pretty good, the motors are new as well as the wheels/hub assembly. Not sure about the gearbox. 

Permobils are pretty good chairs, and as with any chair the amount of servicing it needs depends a lot on how hard you are on it. The standing option shouldn't affect anything else on the chair not related to it, but as with any power seating it adds complexity and its another thing to break down. 

The one thing I have noticed with the permobil stander is that the knee bar sting that secures your legs is vulnerable to bolts loosening, so make sure when you get your chair the bolts are secured tight and use lock tite.  I just finished demoing an F5 VS (full vertical standing option) and put in my order. I loved it and can't wait to get mine. 

I'm getting the chair to do work in. I use a manual chair for everything else. I'm a medical student, planning on going into surgery so I need to stand, and I need to keep my hands free. This model is the best option for me. 

Standing can cause problems if you haven't done it in a while (depending on your condition). Orthostatic hypotension is usually the biggest issue. Standing takes weight off if your bum and thighs, so it may improve pressure related issues there. But there are many contact points that are not on a common power chair that you should keep an eye on.  I  like your username.

I stand and get out of my chair all the time. I'm more concerned about the stress on the chair from the weight of me standing. I think it's great because I can stand and be mobile! I stand all the time. I'm more worried about the chair than me breaking. 