How easy/hard is it to take solid tires off of spinergy wheels? I got a new wheelchair over 18 months ago. I splurged for spinergy light extreme wheels, but for some (dumb) reason, I got solid tires. I really don't like them and what little tread they had is already non-existent (which is a pain in the snow). I would like to replace the tires with something either pneumatic or semi-pneumatic with a nice knobby tread, HOWEVER, I don't want to pay for another set of spinergy wheels, so is there any way to replace the tire? I read that short of hacking off the solid tire (which scares me, but it's probably my only option) there is no way to get them off. If I were to hack them off, how would I do this?

Also, this might be a dumb question, but do I have to buy wheelchair tires? Could I just buy mountain bike tires?   Removing solid tires off of any rim is a huge pain. I would always just cut them off with a razor. Make sure to not hit the rim or the spokes. 

If you want to keep them you will need two or three long, flat screwdrivers. Gently work them under the tire and pry the tire off. Again, be careful to not damage the rim. 

Tire size is important as it completely changes the ride and feel of your chair. It also affects your wheel locks (brakes). I would talk to the company that sold you your chair first. See if they could get the tires paid by your insurance. If that is a no go then I would go to [TAG](www.aftermarketgroup.com) as they have the best prices on the US.  You could buy bike tires but may as well save some money.  I contacted Spinergy about knobby tires and they said the Nevegal or Kobra will work fine. Read about them [here] (http://www.kendatire.com/en/wheelchair/high-performance-sports/)  Thank you. I'm Canadian and all my mobility needs is not covered under any insurance (long story short, medical malpractice suite means everything for my mobility is paid for out of the settlement) so I'd like to go as cheap as possible. If I get the solid tires off (without damaging the rim) is it really just like putting a new tire on a bike? It is exactly like changing a bike tire. I use mountain bike tires. Schwalbe marathon plus. I use bike inner tunes and bike tire protector tape. These tires are great, they have some sort of padding on them so punctures are unlikely but they are still light. I get mine special order from a bike shop as I have 24 inch wheels. Got it. For your next chair I would recommend trying to go through insurance and having the settlement cover any out of pocket expenses. That's what a few of my clients do. 

Yes, once the solid is off it is exactly like changing a bike tire. In fact of you go with air filled tubes, instead of airless inserts, you might be able to get the tubes cheaper at a bike store.  Yep, just like a bike. [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0s-5mdG-PoA) is a good video on doing it yourself, or you can hit up a bike shop. 