Electric Wheelchair Suggestions? Hi,

After yet another tragedy with disease, I am now missing my left hand, in addition to my right arm, and legs.  I am finding it impossible to manage my manual wheelchair that I used previously.  If anyone has suggestions on electric wheelchairs it would be greatly appreciated.

Thanks! Hi! I've been a triple amputee for almost 3 years now.  I try to use my manual chair more, but the electric chair I ended up choosing is the Golden LiteRider PTC.  For me, I really liked how simple and compact it was.  A lot of electric chairs have large sections for legs and feet, which is obviously not needed (obviously you can modify I guess), and this chair doesn't.  

Anyways, I wasn't looking for something to use all of the time, and it sounds like you might be.  So, maybe we're not totally relatable, but I hope you at least check it out!  I don't have anything specific for you, but [sip-n-puff systems](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HZ3GubP3wU) are available. I'd also recommend the QM series (although I think it's branded differently in the UK). It's adaptable over time so as your condition progresses, your dealer should be able to adapt it to your changing needs. Wow..that's one of the chairs that the supply place is bringing for me to.  I'll have to give it extra attention.

Hey do you mind if I pm you? I actually still have most of my left arm.  I am looking for something that can be controlled with that.  Thank you:) Absolutely not:) Ahh, sorry. In that case, there's a large variety of joystick options and one should work :) FWIW my wheelchair supply place brought out several models to my house for me to try and I got to pick the one I felt drove the best. you want a chair that will allow you to perform postural shifts throughout the day. look into a quantom q6 edge, permobil m300 corpus, or quickie qm710. if your obese they have models that will accommodate bariatric patients  No problem:)  I suppose that would have been a good place to start..Thank you! I'll definitely be looking at the qm710 and the m300 corpus..if either one of those doesn't feel right I'll try q6.  Thanks:) I'd recommend the qm series imo, lower power base so you have a lot more flexibility with your furniture. They all now come with he option to incorporate an acta back seating system as well.  