Do people in wheelchairs support libertarianism? How do the minimalistic ideals of the libertarian party resonate with you? Timely question, I was just pondering that in relation to a friend's support of Gary Johnson!

Personally, I can't rectify the two. I'm sympathetic to many libertarian positions, and I often enjoy reading their political commentary (reason.com is often great). However, they rather unambiguously don't support the Americans with Disabilities Act. They view it as government overreach and think accessibility should be left as the choice of individual businesses. As far as I can tell, even moderate libertarian platforms have this stance.

As someone who grew up watching the country get transformed into an accessible place because of this act, of course I disagree. I have traveled to many countries, and what that act did to quality and reach of life is clear in contrast. And the essays they have (I have actually encountered multiple!) trying to argue that the ADA act was actually bad for people with disabilities are...disconnected from reality, to put it mildly. Less agreeable even than those are the essays that argue that we don't have fundamental rights and will then take the approach of arguing that there's no data that it's in the economic good/worth the price overall to make infrastructure accessible. 

I'm usually not a single issue person, but I find it hard to support a political party that openly argues that I should be a second class citizen.  People who use wheelchairs have diverse political opinions. I'm sure there are some, and some who don't.

As a Canadian, I can't say the idea of libertarianism resonates with me, but there's a very long reason why. I believe the state should be there to help people and to help the economy. But I'm Canadian, so that might inform my opinions.  No, they don't resonate with me, but I don't think it has anything to do with my disability. Yes we had a similar act to the ADA brought into the UK around 2002. Although a few businesses, esp the larger ones, had already started to make things more accessible, I definitely noticed that the act significantly speeded up the process. I struggle to understand how anyone could argue against it. Before the acts were brought in, too many businesses were getting away with doing absolutely nothing to improve access. Many would not even pay for a fold up, portable ramp.
P.S Despite the UK disabled access act being brought in around 14yr ago, I still find disabled toilets being used as store rooms! They stick bikes in there, they fill it up with stock, they just use it as a store room! Then I go for a wee and find I can't even reach the toilet. It's not that common, but it happens more than it should. 