Tilite TR vs. ZR I currently have a monotube ultralight chair. I am due for a new one and just assumed that staying with monotube is the best choice. however, the Tilite rep is trying to sell me on the TR (dual tube frame). Have any of y`all gone from a monotube to a dual tube design? what are some of the pros/cons?  thanks! From my understanding the dual tube frames flex a lot less, so if you are really hard on your wheelchair (ie crashing into curbs) dual might be the way to go. And (apparently) because the frame flexes less, more of your 'push' goes into going forward (I really don't know how much of a difference it makes).

I have a ZR and I like it better than the dual tube chairs (of different companies) I've had in the pass. Some of my friends have really small hatchback cars, so when I'm out with them I can literally just take my wheels off and "sit" the chair on the back seat and it only takes up one seat.

I think the only difference is the flex and the room it takes up.  The greater rigidity and slightly lighter weight are the biggest arguments for the TR vs ZR; although there's more tubing on a TR, it's 1" diameter tubing instead of the ZR's 1.25", so the total weight of the TR is less. The center of mass of the chair is also lower in a TR, which, combined with the reduced flex, makes it less likely for you to get dumped out of your chair if you miss a wheelie and your casters catch. I have a TR and haven't ever had issues transporting it in a car or anywhere else.

Ultimately, though, I think it's an aesthetic issue; the performance differences are minor enough that you should go with whatever looks good to you. I think the ZR tubing looks a little chunky and I wanted to get even marginal performance increases from my chair—it is built for maximum rigidity/push efficiency above all other factors. You might weight your preferences differently. I've been on a ZR for 6 years and have no problem with it. I weigh only 105lbs being a bilateral amputee. For my lager friends I recommend the box frame TR. I'm trying to keep my chair as light as I can and every tube or the frame, every side guard holder, every inch of back rest will add a few ounces.   I might be late to voice my opinion but I too am just or ding a new chair, I am getting the TRA. Yes  it has an extra tube but this also allows it to become lighter. I currently have the aero Z and am over the open box frame, theirs really no point. The TR is more sturdy lighter and I've also heard it's nice to have and extra bar to grab onto when pulling your chair into the car. Just about everyone in Colorado getting new TiLites are going with the TR. Word! Thanks for the insight. I think they are pushing it on me because of my activity level. Using fewer strokes/more energy into the spin of the wheels and less into frame flex. The TR is the lightest chair, the extra tube allows for thinner tube walls. 