Entry Level wheelchair friendly jobs? To clarify, I do not currently have a wheelchair, but I am in the process of getting one.
I am currently 17 and graduating this Saturday (yay) and I am turning 18 in late July. 

I was wondering if any of you have had any jobs such as retail that have been wheelchair friendly? I am considering applying to the help desk at the public library and I'm assuming that most jobs like that would be either wheelchair friendly or would allow me to be seated during most of the day. My only experience is as a retail cashier and a Starbucks batista, so I would have a good chance at getting retail jobs. The question is just what are my job options like as a 17yo in a wheelchair?
If it matters, I do enjoy most customer service work I did hotel front desk for 9 years and Home Depot associate for 10 all from my chair.  I know someone that worked as a cashier at Target in a wheelchair. 


Resource for accommodations.
https://askjan.org/soar/wheelchair.html There are plenty out there. I worked at Old Navy myself. Not long as it was my first job but yeah you can do pretty much any job. I mean sure there are common sense limitations but you can't be denied a job because of your chair. Most entry level work can be done from your chair though. I recommend going to places you want to apply at and roam around to see if your chair would be a problem. If accessibility isn't what it should be don't apply.  You could totally do some retail work in a larger store, a friend of mine works at a supermarket. I’ve worked in a call centre, doing administration, writing, even cleaning! I’m a wheelchair user and I’ve taught myself how to do EVERYTHING from my chair before I totally lose my ability to walk. 

The possibilities are almost endless...  Is college an option? I’m sure you can figure something entry level out, but the farther away from entry level you can get, the easier time you’re going to have... Thats good advice. Thank you  I'll look into that link. Thanks.
I actually can't work at target any more because that's the place I cashiered at but I quit with no notice so now I can't work there lmao I also worked at target in a chair  Awesome! I have always wanted to be able to just get a "normal" job lol Not right now. Maybe one day, but not now I would try anyway. Chances are they don’t remember and never wrote it down. 
I’m not sure if target is franchised but if it is it could be a completely different franchise. 
It doesn’t hurt to try. 

Also apply for administrator roles, any desk job would do really as you will be seated all day.  Tell me about it... I currently work as a chef and have just accepted another job as a writer. The chef job is really hard, because I can’t use my wheelchair, but it’s only for 9 hours and I make it work with lots of strong painkillers!

Good luck! :) It can be tough out there, but there WILL be an employer that will hire you! 