Student with a question, please help! Hi all, 

I'm an engineering student at university right now and I'm doing a project looking to improve the design of manual wheelchair levers such as the Wijit and the NuDrive. I saw [/u/aitor1717's post](https://www.reddit.com/r/wheelchairs/comments/63c280/any_manual_wheelchair_lever_users/?st=j1axgt3i&sh=74c674f7) post about them a few days ago asking if they were a worthwhile investment due to the cost, and I can't say I blame them for asking -- $4000 a pop is way out of a lot of people's price points. 

So I guess my question is people who use them, is there anything that you feel they are lacking that would provide you with greater ease of mobility? People who don't use them and opt for using the wheel rims instead, why? Is there any way to improve the design to make them more worth it for you to use? 

Thanks in advance for any insight y'all may be able to provide me with, I greatly appreciate it!  OK, here's my first thoughts:

1) Cost. Both NuDrive and Wijit cost more than my current wheelchair, and I have to pay for my own chair. I'd want to borrow the gear first to try it out and be sure that it gave me a LOT more than just my arms. When the cost gets to about the $500/£500 stage then I might consider giving something a pop.

2) Flexibility. I'd want to have the same range of options that I have with my hands; small, gentle changes to motion and direction all the way up to the full, both arms, long push with added grunt to get me up the steep hills that I live around.

3) Gearing. For a long time bicycles only had a single gear, which is fine on good roads that are fairly level, but murder when trying to get up a hill. And if the gearing is fixed, you have to take your feet off the peddles when going downhill at speed. If I'm getting a gadget for my chair, I'd want gearing to help me up a hill, easy to apply free wheeling coming down a hill, with easily applied braking for control coming down a hill, plus emergency stop braking when someone just walks in front of me, and responsive steering at all times.

4) Size. I use public transport to get around. (I can't afford a car and I live alone.) I've found that to be able to get on many buses I need a light, folding chair that take up minimal width, length and height. Anything that added significant weight, or made the chair awkward to fold, or longer or higher or wider just wouldn't be a suitable addition. To be clear, I don't have to fold my chair completely to get on a bus, but I have to sort of half-fold it to get the chair into or out of the spaces provided when there are baby buggies already on the bus.

5) Control. My arms/hands are acting as my feet/legs and there's a huge range of motions involved, from very subtle velocity changes through to quick stops and fast starts. Meanwhile my arms/hands are still acting as my arms/hands, especially when it comes to changing to the next music track on my headphones. I'd still want to be able to have the fine motor control at all times and be able to take my hands off the machine as needed. True, there are lots of times when it's not safe to take my hands off the rims, but I can usually manage a few seconds to click a button when a dire MP3 arrives.


I'd really want to have a long talk with someone who's already using the technology before I'd consider giving it a try, and that makes getting any penetration of a new innovation difficult.

My current chair has Surge LT handrims and they are a big step up from the bare metal rims I had before, They add a few centimetres to width, not much more weight and give me a lot more control. /u/BlueBear63 nails a lot of the issues I had. I have a pair of Wijits, and I was hoping when I got them to make them my default. Definitely way better feeling for my shoulders, however several limitations kept me going back to standard wheels. 

To go down /u/BlueBear63's list:

2&3) flexibility/gearing: A single gear meant that malls and airports were awesome, but to even make it up a curb I had to switch to normal pushing (Wijits allow both styles though, which is nice). Hills were impossible in the gear choice.  Gearing was probably my main issue. A system with multiple gears would be a huge improvement. And if not multiple gears...maybe just a user choice of gear ratio.  

5) Control: I didn't feel like my hands were much more glued to them, BUT I did feel like I couldn't brake. I always had to switch back to the normal wheels to do that, even when going slow.  Switching between forwards and backwards was also a little awkward, and that made me switch to normal pushing in small indoor areas as well. (The Wijits at least have forwards and backwards. I once encountered a great feeling rowing system once that didn't. Best exercise feeling I've had pushing, but completely useless as a wheelchair because of this!) The ease of simple, very necessary actions turns out to be hugely important. Braking...reversing...to really maneuver around with fine control, these actions are interspersed rapidly with the action of pushing. When lever systems address just pushing, they don't really solve the entire issue of getting smoothly around.

To these I add one other issue, which was probably tied with gearing as my dealbreaker:

6) Travel: I travel a lot. In airplanes, in cars... In airports especially, the wijits were  dysfunctional (well, except for how awesome they are on flat ground). I had to stop taking them after a few trial trips, because the odds of them getting broken (and leaving me stranded with a broken chair!) just seemed too high. The improvement needed there was a way to securely inactivate the lever mechanism. The myriad people involved on stowing a manual wheelchair on planes are not equipped to grok a lever system. It's just way beyond their ken. It does not compute to random, non-wheelchair savvy people what those levers are. The wijit device has a neutral setting, so they can push it like normal. But there's no way to secure that setting, so in transit it would get bumped into reverse or forward, or one wheel in reverse the other on forward. In those settings, anyone trying to push the chair in the alternate direction can't. From experience, the reaction of 100% of clueless airport employees is to PUSH HARDER! Which can break the gearing system. It sounds like a small thing, but I think it's actually pretty big--if strangers (or even confused friends!) are going to have to handle the chair, there has to be a way to securely deactive the lever system.

For cars, the above problem would arise. But also, the difficulty of the quick release was problematic. To fit in cars, the wheels have to come off the chair. Now, the wijits do! Which is nice! But...they're relatively much heavier. And there are several alignments that have to be made to attach them back on. Align it wrong and the chair won't move right. After guiding a few taxi cab drivers through it, I had to assess it similarly to air travel...as just a bad, unsafe idea.

If there's a theme in these improvements, it might be that modern manual chairs are highly maneuverable, compact, and easily disassembled. For an attachment device to fit well with users accustomed to that, it has to consider the finer elements of movement and travel. So far the lever devices available have not refined these issues enough to be easily incorporated in my lifestyle. (It would be awesome to see them improve though!!) Thank you so much for responding!! When I get to an actual computer I have a bunch of questions and ideas that I'd love to run by you if you have the time!  Thank you so much for responding! As I replied above i have a bunch of questions I'd love to run by you if that's okay/you have the time when I get to an actual computer but I just wanted to say thank you for taking the time to write all of this out it's incredibly helpful information! Of course I've got the time - or I'll make it. Either ask here or DM me. I'm glad to help! I'd love for engineering improvements in this area. Feel free to ask me anything 