Looking for insight Designing a product to assist wheelchair users.
I have a few questions here that would help and if you can think of any area you think there is a need for a new or improved design it would greatly help. Thanks.

what do you hate most ?

what are ten things you hate ?

what do you enjoy ?

areas of difficulty with your wheelchair ?

do you have problems reaching things or seeing things (counters etc) ?

is there any products you use to help you ?

are there any products out there that you think are good ?

what do you find most difficult ?

can you think of any difficult tasks that could be avoided by an assisting product or adaption ?

thanks again
 OP: can you clarify? Things I hate in general about not having accessibility, or 10 things I hate about my particular wheelchair. If you give me a little more background I might be able to give you more specific answers. Seriously, this would be quite a task, but some way that would enable a wheelchair user to remain in the chair on an airplane would be a life changer.  It would require a  tiedown sufficient to pass FAA standards, and some way to provide a wide enough path from the door.  Airlines are never gonna put in the work themselves, but if the design were created maybe an ADA case could be made. what do you hate most ? Stairs.

what are ten things you hate ? 
deep gravel, snow, sand, mud, steep slopes, wet wheels, random piles on dog poo hiding in grass.

what do you enjoy ?
 Being outdoors as much as I can while it's nice, & being inside and warm playing video games while it's not. 

areas of difficulty with your wheelchair ? Mostly terrain issues as mentioned above. 

do you have problems reaching things or seeing things (counters etc) ? 
Sometimes there's things you just can't quite reach while shopping etc. but people are typically not bothered it seems when you ask for a small favor. Also bar counters are always ridiculously tall and end up having to flail both arms around to get the bartenders attention if it's too loud

is there any products you use to help you ?
 Hand controls for my car. I used to have a grabber tool a few years ago, but it broke and I hardly used it anyway so I didn't bother to replace it. I also use a lumbar support pillow while driving to sit up straighter.
that's about it.

are there any products out there that you think are good ?

Most products I've seen for us online are outrageously expensive so I've never bought anything except for a couple new set of tires and tubes and hand controls.

what do you find most difficult ? 

Mainly it's difficult terrain as stated above.

can you think of any difficult tasks that could be avoided by an 
assisting product or adaption ?  

Not off the top of my head, no. sorry but good luck to you!  what do you hate most ? Getting my chair serviced(takes several months)
what are ten things you hate ? cleaning the chair, snow, sand, mud, big inclines, sidewalks uneven, looking at butts all day, shit
what do you enjoy ? Going outside
areas of difficulty with your wheelchair ? Not looking like a ground-dwelling gremlin
do you have problems reaching things or seeing things (counters etc) ? yeah, I have a seat elevator and it sucks.
is there any products you use to help you ? This reachy thing old people use at the grocery store
are there any products out there that you think are good ? Not my current chair
what do you find most difficult ? DDealing with Numotion. 