Fractured tibia, any recommended under 500 USD wheelchairs that can possibly go downhill and uphill safely? Recently fractured my tibia but am looking to the and attend college classes on time. Is there any recommend brand of powered wheelchairs that could perhaps be safe? For that price and powered, I think you should look at scooters instead of power wheelchairs. Scooters can be a lot cheaper and sound a lot more fitting to your needs—e.g. powered, driven while sitting, but not in need of precise steering from a joy stick or tight maneuvering (because you’re still slightly ambulatory)  Short answer: probably not for that price.

Depends on the incline/decline steepness and terrain but all medically prescribed quality powerchairs (permobil, invacare, etc...) should be able to handle most hills that are also meant to be walked. 

Your big issue here is the under $500...for that price, you are going to get some cheaply made, no real torque chair that is made to get grandma the 40 feet from the car to the church pew...and even then the $500 limit is probably too low.  You might be able to find something suitable used on craigslist of FB marketplace for that price but that is a big *might*.    Power wheelchair cost typically starts around $3,000 minimum and skyrockets from there depending on features needed (for example my wife's powerchair cost around $45,000 for the options her body requires). Definitely not for that price. You’d be looking at second hand ones that aren’t great Does your college have a persons with disabilities center? The local university here had one that will loan out scooters to students that need help getting around campus. This. Some places rent scooters. Surgeon told me knee scooters are unstable and the reason I got injured in the first place was due to a scooter. Right now I’m also afraid to put some pressure on my knee since I also had a fracture very close to that area. Is it as unstable as people say to be? See good reviews and people around campus using them but surgeon and doctors tell me to avoid  They do but only wheelchairs unfortunately  Not a knee scooter! Sorry should have been clearer. Mobility scooters, like these: https://www.google.com/search?q=mobility+scooter&client=safari&hl=en-us&biw=414&bih=622&tbm=isch&prmd=simvn&source=lnms&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjAleKe_8zdAhUQFHwKHY6BAqgQ_AUIDygC

Medical supply companies will rent these and sell used ones. They’re a wayyy cheaper category than power chairs, due to the less refined steering (power chairs use joysticks which are actually a lot more difficult to engineer) and seating  I think I will look into it. There seems to be many companies that sell/rent them. Any recommended ones? Also how do they deal with downhill or uphill slopes? I’m concerned about that  All I’ve got for you as a renter is my experience with exactly one of them—I rented one as an emergency transition between a manual chair and a power chair when I had a shoulder injury. So, keep in mind, pretty limited experience. Though lifelong wheelchair user so I’ve driven plenty of these toys and have plenty of those experiences. 

Here is my rental experience: As far as I can tell, the rental companies almost all suck. If you can find an actual local business, they suck less. But the corporate medical companies are there to treat you like garbage. Sorry for the bad news. Just uh...don’t take it personally. When I rented my scooter, I was initially pleased by my company choice. I could vaguely afford it, and they delivered. But the scooter had an insanely loud backing up beep, which I was patronizingly and firmly told was “for the good of others.” Yeah...just try getting to a desk or a restaurant table or a bathroom without backing up and with a beep louder than a truck...worst experienced of my life.

However aside from that, a cheap mobility scooter is far more stable up and down hills than a cheap power chair (not that cheap power chairs exist). Just look at their shapes! Mobility scooters are designed really for the slightly ambulatory. They don’t have to go into every situation. (If you can slightly walk you can avoid most backing up situations I ranted about above) Thus, they’re shaped more like bikes. Longer body. 

Power chairs are designed for full time users. Hence smaller base, nothing in front blocking you from tables, etc. the higher end has a lot more maneuverability than scooters. But in the lower end, it’s a dinky engineering setup that is naturally less stable than a more bike like design. 