Does anyone know what the difference is between the Tilite YRA and ZRA? My son has no growth left on his YRA (currently 10yo but a bit on the small side due to his syndrome).  I think the closest frame is the ZRA but not sure of the differences.   He loves his YRA so I would like to get a frame as close as possible to his current chair.    The biggest difference between the two is the YRA has a second frame bar at the bottom.  The ZRA does not so some users may experience some flexing. For you and your son it should be okay as you shouldn't be as hard on it. Otherwise you can ask your provider to set the angles close to what he already has to help minimize any issues with adjusting to the new chair. 

If you do want the extra stiffness you can go with a TRA as that has the second frame bar. However, looking through your comments I suspect you would want the weight savings first.  Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but the yra was tilite's pediatric wheelchair before the Twist and they stopped making the Yra, correct? The TRA looks more like the YRA, but the only difference between the TRA and the ZRA is the two extra frame bars to prevent flexing. I have a ZRA and I've had no issues with flexing if that is a big concern.

However, given that your son is 10 and probably has a lot more growing to do, you may want to look at the Twist. While both the TRA and the ZRA are adjustable, they are limited in their adjustability. If you want a wheelchair you can grow, the twist may be the best option. Ds isn't a fast grower and his YRA isn't a growth frame.  His seating though is custom and assembled locally and does have a ton of growth built in, just the frame itself won't be a growth frame.   

I believe his current chair is in the Tilite trade up program which will limit us to the frames we can choose as well.   I just wanted to make sure he was getting a similar wheelchair with the same durability.   He doesn't do wheelchair sports because of developmental delays but he plays rough in his chair crashes into cement and brick walls for fun, does spins, he drops toys in front of his chair and runs them over etc.   Out of his chair he plays delicately but in his chair he wrecks havoc.    So as far as nomenclature goes, The TRA, YRA are called Box frames (not to be confused with Mike Box the chair manufacturer based in California) because of the rectangular shape of the frame. The ZRA and other chairs like it (Ki Rouge) are called Z frames because with the backrest upright the profile looks like a sideways Z.

If you are looking for a growth frame like some members have mentioned here, look into a company called ICON. Its is the most growth accommodating chair I have researched.  If he likes to crash the front into walls, you might want to stay away from the mono-tube frames (the zra is a mono, as well as the aero z). To prevent flexing I'd go with either TRA or Aero R. Now that the site is working for me, I actually think the Aero R might be the most similar to the YRA (at least appearance wise).  I think the ZRA is what we will have to get since Aero is aluminum and they reuse parts of the old wheelchair in the Trade up program.   We also need one that comes with a depth adjustable back.   So unless I am over looking something and maybe I am ZRA is the only one that is part of the trade up program that is also depth adjustable and titanium to reuse some of the older frame parts.   

Honestly I never thought this would be an issue because I assumed we would just trade up into a bigger YRA frame but they discontinued the model on us so we are out of luck.  His first frame last him 5 1/2 years and I haven't really kept up with the market since we were satisfied with what he had.   