I'm new to this and need help I broke both my legs and my pelvis recently and am having a hell of a time coping.  I am fiercely independent and am feeling helpless.  I can't shower alone I can barely get around I have no idea where to start. I will be in this chair until I'm healed.  I also have road rash over 40% of my body,  so transferring is really hard.  I need some basic tips,  tricks,  and things to buy to make my life easier. not to be rude but suck it up and get help for the few months youll be injured.

theres not much advice cuz im sure youre not willing to spend thousands on a chair and probably have casts unlike everyone here. youre in a different situation.

lay in bed and enjoy your vacation.

one tip i guess is a slideboard for transferring  Unfortunately, there's not much that can help your situation, other than to let your body rest and heal (if you can do that) so you don't extend your time injured. I've looked at the other comments and getting some sort of weightlifting gloves will help. But unfortunately, nova chairs look all to be like hospital wheelchairs, meaning they aren't really designed for independent people to push themselves around in (and I think the combination of the chair and your other injuries might be making the situation worse). I'm assuming your arms are chafing on the armrests, plus those are probably fixed so transferring means you have to get over them. 

My tip would be, try and rent yourself a more user-friendly wheelchair (something without armrests, or at least armrests that can be taken off). This might be difficult, but depending on your location, there might be a medical supply store willing to rent you something if you are lucky.  1. Get gloves 
2. What type of chair do you have? 
3.where is the rash?  I wanna help but I can't, you're more along the lines of the stereotypical paraplegic (full arm strength) whereas I have no arm strength at all. Have you tried YouTube for some tips?

Ignore the rude people, I think it's great you're "fiercely independent" and trying to find ways of doing things. A lot of people would let their fear of a wheelchair overwhelm them. On the bright side, anything you wanna do, you can probably find a way to modify it! Prefacing a rude statement with "not to be rude but",  in no way makes it less rude.  


Being in extreme pain isn't exactly a vacation in my book so take your opinion write it on a nice clean piece a paper and shove it waaaaay up your ass please.   Yeah it's pretty bad luckily the arm rests aren't fixed!  I wouldnt be able to get in!  How would someone use a fixed arm chair???  Seems useless from my limited angle.  I am fighting with my insurance to send me a better one I have a website to choose from any mid range brands you recommend?  Rash is on my hands,  to the bone, wrists,  arms,  back,  legs,  shoulders,  and ribs.  


I will have to wait to get gloves untill my hands are healed I think :( I ordered a butt pad that is gel and a little bag for the back of my chair.  

The chair is a "nova"?  They said it was a kids chair because I'm a female on the lighter side they wouldn't give me a adult chair -.- That's pretty accurate,  use of legs is nill.  I have surfed alot but was eager to reach out to real people who could give me a run down.  

I'm just in the Grey zone.  I'm too broken to be considered ok enough to handle my own stuff.  But not permanently broken so I get the "enjoy your vacation"  type comments.  

 just saying youre in the wrong sub It honestly depends on what your insurance is willing to pay for, and what your needs are (I'm assuming you're in casts, which is something I've never had to deal with). I think Karman is on the lower end of the price range, without being a useless hunk of metal. I'd have to see your options for an useful opinion.

something that might help with getting in and out would be a transfer board like this https://www.amazon.com/Healthcare-Deluxe-Transfer-Southern-Yellow/dp/B000WNJU1A/ref=sr_1_1_s_it?s=hpc&ie=UTF8&qid=1475395225&sr=1-1 Nova are only wheelchairs in the strictest of definition. You won't have wheels big enough to reach. you'll be stuck either pushing with your legs (I know you said that's not an option) or being pushed by someone else. Did they give you about 12 weeks?

If you want a proper chair measure your hip width at the widest point and measure from your sacrum to you're knees (I'm 16 inches on the hips and 17 on the bottom). Then you look on craigslist/eBay/whatever for a Quickie, TiLite, Colours, Invacare folding chair. They're bloody expensive when new (anywhere from 1000 for basic to..what...my TiLite was 8 grand for a rigid ultralight titanium chair? I could have spent more to save more weight with carbon fiber wheels which would have been I think 1300 for the pair, before tyres.)

Regarding Fierce Independence: we all have to swallow pride and fear and ask for help. When I was in rehab we had a guy come in that was in your same boat. Being debried daily, casted up, and angry as hell. Three of us were paralyzed (also motorcycle accidents) and we did better coping than he ever did. We could give pointers and tips all day long but he couldn't use his hands. Sorry, but your not gonna do anything on your own without, at least, being able to use Quad boards and/or hooks. Which is to say using your hand like a flat tool. Go to sportaid.com and look at the qiadraplegic accommodation stuff. That's gonna be your best bet.

Out of curiosity, did you/y'all have to lay it down to avoid something, did you get hit, or was it riding beyond ability?  I get it. I'm in a completely different grey zone, but one all the same. It's confusing and isolating. For me, it ultimately comes down to trying my own solutions since no one else knows wtf to say :P  Is this not a sub for people who use wheel chairs?  I figured yall might have some insight that could help someone who obviously knows nothing about how to function.  How am I supposed to learn if you view me having about 12 broken bones and half my skin left as a vacation.  Some how I just don't see the equivalency.  A guy actually plowed into a group of us because he felt vigilante justice was the right answer,  I was narrowly missed but he went for a second go and I went down trying to get away and protecting a mom and kid from him (they were in his path)  

As for the nova it's bad.  I can get around on my own but I'm hurting for it for sure,  thanks for the tip on the measuring the insurance company will be sending me out a better one I hope soon...  I hope it's better...  And yeah...  Swallowing pride has been hard but a few screams at people for just grabbing me and my chair without asking has seemed to help.  I have a cushion and gloves on prime order so hopefully those will help and the learning curve has been super steep and I'm getting around way better.  I'm still not satisfied,  hopefully the new chair will help with that a little.  Getting stuck on carpet with my shitty slick plastic wheels sucks.   It's shiet!  I feel like everyone just gets frustrated and angry because they can't fix it or have no answers  because you will heal, youre injury is temporary, most people here probably suffured an injury like you where they were on bed rest for a month or two, but unlike them you will be able t walk after i hope.

otherwise the wheelchairs we use are completly different, i am assuming your in a bulky hospital chair...

and once again about the casts thats im again assuming youre in, most people can rotate and throw our legs around which makes the situation completly different.

i really wasnt going for rude, i even tried to offer help. without knowing what situation youre exactly in its hard to give advice, straight up sounds like you will use the chair to get to the kitchen and bathroom. 