Need Help getting power chair. I have an upcoming very serious knee surgery in which I require a wheelchair for several months and then crutches. My doctor has written a prescription for both my surgeon excuse me. However when I needed a wheelchair in the past I had one from the scooter store and it needed to go in for servicing and then they never return to as they shut down for business so I was left having to buy a used one from a local home health aide store which is now closed and my chair is so outdated it wouldn't fit the needs of my house since I have moved since 2012 when I was previously in a wheelchair. Also it would not suit my surgical needs for post-op recovery success. So with my prescriptions in hand I don't know where I go to start getting my wheelchair and crutches from Medicare. Before I had to pay 20% of the wheelchair and my insurance paid 80 so therefore it was very little expense out of my pocket. Since the scooter store is out of business I do not know where to go and I would like a quantum 710 as it would fit my needs immediately post-op as well as through my 12 months recovery. Does anybody know how I can get my medicare to begin processing my prescriptions so that I can have my Mobility devices by the 16th when I go in for surgery? Thank you for anybody's insight and direction I'm very lost. It took me 8 months to get my wheelchair and that was after all the appointments required for it. Call Medicare and ask their procedure and what you need to do. I’ll tell you a bit about mine to give you an idea. I hope it’s quicker and easier for you. 

I had to see my dr get the prescription. See a physical therapist to make sure they agreed that an electric chair was needed not a manual, they also had to state what would be needed. Then I had to have a home visit from the sales company to make sure my home could handle the chair (ie door width, hall width), they also did a physical assessment to make sure the chair I was getting would work for me. I can’t use a scooter it needs to be an actual electric wheelchair because my shoulders and hands are bad too. 

The hard part too is insurance doesn’t care if you never leave your home again so they don’t cover the ramps or anything else needed to get out of your house or get your chair in your car. Makes no sense to me because how are we supposed to get to Drs appts. 

Anyways I hope the process is easier for you, this was also a few years back so maybe it’s gotten better. Definitely start with calling and seeing what their procedure is. Good luck and I hope recovery is quick and relatively pain free.  Very helpful to know this thank you very much. 