Any advice please? Hi, I have finally had to succumb to the fact that I will have to use a wheelchair. I have extremely bad circulation in both my legs that causes extremely painful claudication when I try to cover any distance or stand for any length of time.
I know I'll have to use a wheelchair, the alternative is to never leave the house, the problem is that I'm nervous about doing so. 
I've heard so many stories of members of the public being inconsiderate or even outright calling non-paralysed wheelchair users a fraud. I don't like the fact (it seems a common complaint) that people will speak to my girlfriend about me as if I'm not there or somehow mentally deficient.
Another fear is my temper, I'm still strong & likely to wrap my wheelchair round someone's head if they were particularly nasty/offensive. I don't go around looking for trouble but I'm extremely defensive over anyone who is wronged, including myself. 
My main fear is that I feel this is the end of the line for me, I always hoped my condition would improve but a recent angiogram shows it has worsened considerably. I feel like the chair could be a symbol of my failure yet ironically I don't view other wheelchair users this way. 
Any advice or words of support would be greatly appreciated. Thank you. I am a wheelchair driver for 25 years now and i can tell you one important thing: fuck what others think. Some people will think bad about you or speak behind your back about you but fuck them. 

You need a wheelchair to live your live and you have to deal with it, don't let the fuckers get you down Claudication can often be treated with vascular bypass surgery... I've been in a chair for years and can count on one hand the number of times I've had that problem.   I don't act handicapped or downtrodden and get treated pretty much the same as I did before I was in a chair.   I think people reflect back to you the attitude that you project.    You are awesome. As someone who's used a wheelchair before, and who doesn't now (long story, 3.5 years with chronic norovirus before they figured out what was going on and managed to cure it) don't let others bully you or tell you anything about yourself. You know the truth. Don't let them bring you down.  Chipping in a bit late, but here's my tuppence worth.

I have nerve damage in my feet and can still walk short distances, but found I was becoming housebound due to the pain of just every day living. Like you I was faced with having to use a wheelchair and being one of the "walking wounded". I realised and slowly had to get to grips with having to get a wheelchair otherwise I was going to be stuck in my house forever.

So I got my chair and started going out and about, mostly using buses and trams to get me where I wanted to go. Yes, I can still stand and lift my chair onto a bus, and everyone can see that, but I need to sit in my chair when the bus is moving. I'm VERY aware that everyone KNOWS I can walk. But, they don't know me, or my problems, so sod them.

I have found that the chair has given me a new lease of life - I've seen more films in the cinema in the last 2 months than I have in the previous 6 years. And, so far, I've had very little blowback from rude/disgruntled people. However, I'm aware that I'm more belligerent inside my mind than I normally am. I'm ready to bite back at anyone who wants to have a go. Saying that, I've found that just about everyone is kind and considerate and don't treat me as the fraud I initially felt that I was.

In short, if you need a chair, get one, and start living your life the way you want to. For me it's been a transformation. Thanks, I know it's better than rotting away indoors (which I do now) so I'm going to remember your advice. I know it will be liberating to finally go out again. Nope, it's Buerger's disease. The blockages are too large for bypass surgery. Thanks, I probably should stop using Google, it's fairly responsible for heightening my anxiety. It really depends on your height, weight, gender, ethnicity and ability to not look like a slob. I'll message properly when on my pc but the main thing is. No one knows you but you, God, and girlfriend. Everyone else generally means well and might need educating occasionally. And if you have the mental energy, you can choose to educate them, which helps all of us... and if you don't you can flip them the bird and feel okay that way too, if its your thing. 