Wheelchair Newbie Needs Advice and Tips I have a neurodegenerative disease that has progressed to the point where I can no longer walk more than about 100 ft. Presently, I use a walker. But I've become increasingly homebound, so my doctor prescribed a wheelchair.

What advice can you offer to a new wheelchair user? What should I be considering in selecting a wheelchair and an accessible vehicle? 

Many thanks.


 Alright, I sell wheelchairs so I am going to cover some of my questions that I ask. Hopefully I can help narrow down your options and explain why. It is easier in person but keys see if this will work. 

First, your condition. How long ago were you diagnosed? What is the official diagnosis? How long did it tale you to get to where you can't walk?   How much strength do you have in your arms? What about your hands?    There will probably be follow up questions. 

Second, what vehicle do you have now? 

Third, what is your home like? Any steps to get in? Any steps once inside? Floors, what are they and where?  As in, carpet in bedroom, hardwood in kitchen?   All rooms in your place please. If any carpet, how thick? Is it soft and plush or thinner? 

Last yet most important, what are your hobbies? What activities do you want to be able to do? Are you going to cook and clean on your own? Do you enjoy going outside? What surfaces do you plan on going over? Grass, first
dirt, cement, asphalt, mud, snow, etc.  Try to be specific, I normally spend an hour with my clients just getting to know their needs.  Is this to be covered by insurance? If so there are professionals who can work with your to measure everything. Where are you? There may be someone in a chair near you that is willing to meet up.
For me,  air tyres are fine. Get something like schwalbe marathon plus tyres to minimize punctures. Rigid frame chair is best for day to day life in a chair. I have a fold down back which makes it easier to get in the car. 
I have a ti lite zra. No problems with it at all. Tapered front can make it easier to get under tables and also can help keep your legs together if they are prone to wander off :)

Feel free to ask questions. Yes, insurance will cover the chair (at least partially). I was measured by a seating and mobility specialist at a wheelchair clinic, so sizing and fit should be covered. 

However, there seem to be limitless options for chairs aside from the measurement driven specifications. The seating and mobility specialist ran through a long list of items to be configured (wheel type, leg rest taper, fixed vs folding back, etc.) and indicated that configuration was a matter of personal preference. 

As someone who has never used a wheelchair, I am not sure of what factors to consider when making these decisions. Testing wheelchairs at the clinic for a few hours isn't a great simulation for real life use. I'm a bit overwhelmed by all the decisions.

What weight saving options do you consider worthwhile? Are air tires worth the maintenance, or are maintenance-free wheels worth the extra weight? Does a fixed back make it more difficult to fit the chair in a car or trunk? 

What do you wish you knew when you bought your first wheelchair? Did you make any mistakes that I can avoid? 
 I wish I could help you. It is subjective and how you are going to use your chair is different from how others use theirs. There are 10,000 ways to be disabled, only a few ways to be abled.

If you can stop and have a talk with people in chairs, I've found that is far better than an on-line discussion. 

(Also, this sub is dead. /r/disability  is not much better.)
 Get a wheelchair you will feel good about it. It is likely you will spend a lot of
time in it so it is easy to get annoyed with something you have to live with for a long time. I got my wheelchairs myself and the first one was annoying within a month. The second one was worse then the first one. Third is still operational and is my backup now. My current one is really good, however it would not fit into my older cars trunk.

It is a process. I prefer air tires, they go flat sometimes so backup and some tools are a must. I have folding back. I wouldn't be able to put it into the car by myself otherwise. I assumed that mechanical gears would offset wider chair - they haven't. Narrower shorter chair has better access to elevators, toilets pubs ... 