getting out to the beach Hey guys!  My family is about to take our annual trip to the beach in a week.  My 79 year old dad hasn't been out past the dunes in 6 or 7 years, and I really want to try and get him out closer to the water this year.  In years past we have tried to rent one of the motorized chairs with the big tires, but there are only something like 2 chairs in all of charleston and they're ridiculously expensive.  We are front beach and have a gazebo with a ramp that can get him as far as the dunes. After that, there is a decent section of loose sand before hitting the hard sand. Does anyone have any ideas or success with some diy solutions? I swore I just saw a DIY post on here or /r/DIY where a guy made a beach chair for his dad using a lawn chair, but I can't see to find it anymore. There's this older post though: https://imgur.com/a/Bndui#w0cNuuI There is a product called beach rings.  They are amazing.  I can get in and out of the water at the local municipal beach with no problem when they are out.   

They are square mats that allow you to roll right over the sand and right up to the edge of the water.  If it's a lake without a lot of wave action they can go into the water which is even better.  The mats are approximately 2 foot squares.   I've no idea where to buy them but Ive seen them on a lot of public beaches.  

They're also helpful for older people that are a little unsteady on their feet that have a lot of trouble with sand.  Im a lifelong wheelchair user and sand is usually my nemesis! When I visited my sister in Australia, her mother in law seemed hyper focused on getting me to the beach - I didn't care much. She improvised a great solution for the soft sand, using pieces of MDF plywood to lay on the soft sand. I've also found thicker yoga mats work sometimes too. Lay the flat boards or mats out and then wheel over them til Dad is on the wet, firm sand. 

Another option that might help is to rent a FreeWheel. It's a front wheel attachment that is larger and raises the casters up out of the sand. They are pricey to buy but often wheelchair stores can rent then. 

All else fails, turn Dad's chair around and tilt it back so that the casters are up in the air and your dad leans back against your arms. Then roll backwards first on the soft sand. It's the only way I know to get a chair across a sandy beach. thank you to everyone for your help! my mom ended up finding and renting a beach wheelchair! (one of the ones that looks like someone macgyvered it with pvc pipe, an old lawn chair, and inner tubes) it's been so much fun to have the whole family back out on the beach again <3

http://imgur.com/s4tTC2V Get her into the water too! I have a mobi chair. http://mobi-chair.com/ [deleted] awesome thanks!! It was still super dank. I read every word 