My brandnew wheelchair :) Custom made.  That is **gorgeous!!**

I'm always so jealous of these beautiful little manuals. My powerchair is so huge and ugly. Enjoy :) I really like those mesh clothing protectors!  Very nice!  Where did you get it done? I would love to get a chair made for me, couldn't even begin to imagine how they'd make something like that for a large guy like me. It looks like an aluminum frame, schwalbe marathon plus tires, soft roll aluminum caters, tension adjustable back, roho quatro cushion, carbon fiber clothing guards, and spoke rims.

I just can't tell who make the frame.  You have me stumped there.  It is beautiful so I would love to know who makes it.   Looks beautiful. 
Most important question in my book is, how much does it weigh? very slick... the down side is the carbon fiber sides mark up pretty easy What did this chair cost?  Thanks, don't worry about it, at least noone pushes you around. :D

 Those look like they're carbon fiber. A few manufactures are offering carbon fiber clothing guards add an option now. A one-man operation in Germany does them :) He makes all kind of sport wheelchairs.

Before that I had an [AvantgardeCLT](http://www.ottobock.com/cps/rde/xchg/ob_com_en/hs.xsl/36541.html?id=teaser3#teaser3) from Otto Bock. I don't have nice things to say about it. The rims break from nearly nothing, the mounting too and even worse the whole thing rusted from the inside, because I power through bad weather in my rain gear.

So carbon clothing protectors do look sexy, but don't gurantee quality. :) Talk to your local complex rehab provider. We can get manual chairs like that made in all sorts of sizes. Just make sure the person you talk to is an ATP or RTS. You definetely can!

I'm 5,3. The wheels have 9,25. 10,24 inches are no problem and even bigger is possible. It's a custom built because of the extra thick axis so I don't break it and overall structual strenght. > aluminum frame, schwalbe marathon plus tires, soft roll aluminum caters, tension adjustable back, roho quatro cushion, carbon fiber clothing guards, and spoke rims.

Nailed it completely.

The frame is a special built, none like it. :) A one-man operation in Germany does them. It also has a secondary axis for the hand cycle. Is that basically the medical supply store? I wouldn't even know where to begin with something like this out here in the midwest. Got it. Thanks for the reply. I am a RTS (wheelchair fitter/salesman) so I am always looking for the best for my clients.  You can start at your medical supply store but you need to talk with someone who is certified in seating (ATP or RTS).   If I was in your shoes I would look online at Sunrise Medical or Tilite wheelchairs. Once you have a general idea of what you want call either company and ask them who your local provider would be. They will recommend your closest ATP Thanks I'm totally looking into it. I need something manual to exercise in and become less fat and lazy hehe. 