Share your outdoor experience with the new range of lithium-powered lightweight folding power chairs? EZ Lite Cruiser, KD Smart, etc I've been using RWD powerchairs since 1993 (Quickie, invacare, Quantum). Time for my next chair soon. I've read the marketing info, and the Amazon reviews.  Now I want to hear your day-to-day OUTDOOR experience with these lithium-powered chairs. 

Are they powerful enough to get up and down the actual curb ramps of our world? How about a too-steep-for the-ADA ramp? Would rolling over grass even be possible? Could I drive in the road with one caster in the gutter and the other higher up, or would it tip over? I go on gravel (sifted limestone) bike paths now--could these type of chairs handle that? 

Pointers to other folks' write ups/YouTube would be great -- my searching only returns marketing info. I looked into these portable electric wheelchairs before for portability and independence reasons. They aren't covered under medicare or medicaid so you would be paying for it out of pocket. 

 Not many people have heard about  these portable electric wheelchairs, I went to several different medical supply stores to try one out and only one had heard of them and they had have it delivered from there warehouse. They also said the ones they have sold are usually returned and/or breakdown a lot.

When I tried it (KD Smartchair) it seem very lightweight and quick, but it made this weird grinding sound when I engaged the motor. It definitely didn't feel as stable in the chair as my powerchair, but there was a seat belt. I didn't get to try it outside so I cant say for certain how well it does inclines or off road though. It was also not as easy to fold up as claimed and felt heavier than the claimed 50 lbs, although that may have been due to the particular model/brand. I've used a FOLD-N-GO Power Wheel-chair (the 265lbs and under size) since May 2016. It does indeed power up steep hills to take me  places I cannot safely power back down - I skid down just fine, but it takes a little finesse to get back down the steep grades. I drive  on grass just fine as well. Nice park lawns with mushy areas that are slightly overwatered are fine as long as I dont stop on them. Packed-dirt trails and sloping dirt paths (like the streets of the Gilroy Northern CA Renaissance Faire were no problem.

I broke a teeny wheel bearing inside my wheelcase powering over giant redwood tree roots on the Muir Woods trail, and it suffered a broken joystick knob being banged around while loading and unloading all summer long. But despite these two easily-fixed repairs (one was honored via warranty), I have nothing to complain about. Its a great outdoors/traveling chair and lives up to the marketing hype. 

I DO suggest, however, for best stability that you consider purchasing the FOLD-N-GO Power Wheel-chair that carries 266+lbs as the smaller size one doesnt handle loads as well as it could. It worked fine carrying me and my 25lb corgi around Lake Merrit (after she got tired and refused to move). I could tell it was at it's weight limit though. Sadly, this 4th of July it was me and a cooler stuffed with goodies, two bottles of wine, a blanket and a chair for my caregiver and it just felt severely overloaded weight-wise and swayed dangerously as I careened swiftly down the path to the place where we sit waiting for the fireworks to start. If I had gotten the bigger model I probably could have gotten the grill on there too ;)  Thanks so much for these details!

- how close to the 266 limit when it's just you in the chair? (Not that I want to separate you from your Corgi--they're the best)
- sounds like there was enough *power* on the Fourth, but the chair's geometry let you down.?

Now some new questions:

1. Have you flown with it? Were the airlines hornswoggled? **could it fit in the plane's closet**?
2. Who repaired it? How did you connect with an authorized mechanic?
3. Do you use "rehab" cushions (I sit on a Roho, for example)?
4. Was it shipped to you? 