Wheelchair recommendations? probably manual My mom is 87, 5'4, 145 lbs, very unsteady on feet most days.  She can usually stand and walk a few steps but often no more.  We have been using a combo rollator/transport chair when she can't walk much.  It stinks.  I want to get a pushable chair, or maybe two?, for (1) indoors, some thick carpet, some 29" doorways; and (2) outdoors, including some lumpy grass and moderately firm trails.  She won't spend more than @ 2 hours at a time in the chair.  I wouldn't mind spending up to @ $2K for something that will improve our lives.  Suggestions? Rather than getting multiple chairs it'll be best to get one chair that can serve both purposes. Transfering her from chair to bed to chair could be a hassle. If you call her insurance they'll require a doctor's prescription and she'll be fitted for a chair that fulfills her (and your families needs). Can you get her doctor to refer her to a physical therapy seating clinic? Even if insurance won't buy the chair - and they might - a good PT should be able to help with measurements and advice. Well, that didn't go as hoped.  Occ Therapist's only idea was to have their preferred supplier deliver their standard wheelchair (a basic Drive); they don't do any customization, special orders, measuring etc.  They supply a wheelchair or a reclining wheelchair and that's it.  I'll go visit the other nearby suppliers and see if they can help before going further afield. Visited a supplier who consults with people and came away with a decent chair.  He adjusted the height so it's OK for her to get in/out of but she can still "feetsie" along if she doesn't want to use the handrims.  Fits in the trunk, I can pick it up without disassembling, etc.  We're rolling now :) . Thank you!  I would prefer to have just one chair but if I have to get two (and pay for the second without insurance help), I will.  Just don't want to be held back in our outdoor activities. Thank you!  Yes, she is having home PT and OT currently, and I will ask this week.  I think the therapists haven't jumped on it because she *can* walk some, but they are not here when she is having more trouble or when we go for a nature walk. One chair best. The only thing you need to make sure of is that the tires are capable of rolling through the grass and outdoor surfaces. Don't just settle for any chair you find on the internet because the most important thing is for her to fit in the chair (hip width, length of legs to footrest, ect.). Get a chair where you can swap wheels, wheels swap in less than 30 sec
 