Full finger weather resistant glove suggestions Just moved to Michigan from Florida, and I push a TR-A with titanium push rims.  Any suggestion on a full fingered glove that will keep my hands warmish and maintain grip?  Trying to figure it out considering we are looking at the first real snow of the season. Thanks! I do not usually promote my products here, but since you asked, I will say that my company has a full fingered leather glove with quality grip pad. If you want even better grip and comfort, combine it with our pushrim covers. 

Company name is the same as my user name here, which you can find by googling it. I would rather not leave a link. If you have questions, feel free to ask.
 For this case I use thermo garden gloves. They have a gripy rubber  finish for the palm and fingers and orange fabric for the backside. I'm not sure how water resistant the back is, but the rubber site is fine. They are isolated enough to touch snow without cold fingers.  Hey man, I live in Seattle, so I'm always pushing in cold and wet conditions. I would suggest any gloves specifically used for outdoor work with the Thinsulate brand insulation. These could work well for you because, 1. work gloves need to be as form fitting as possible for maximum dexterity and 2. The thinsulate insulation with keep your hands mostly dry but warm. The ones that I have don't have any rubber on the palms but thicker fabric. I've noticed that rubber palms slip on metal push rims. Any questions let me know. I'm trying to build up my Reddit cred. since I have none. Cheers. I live in Alaska and I have a lot of experience with winter gloves!    For medium cold weather I have some under Armour grippy gloves that have poly pro backs that are pretty warm.  For colder weather (below about 10) I use Mountain Hardware glove liners (about $25), medium weight and put them under a stretchy mechanix fast fit gloves (2121’s) that have super good grip.     When it’s really really cold I use the same combination but keep a pair of wool mittens in my pockets to trade the mechanix gloves out if I’m not wheeling around a lot or if I’m driving.  The Mountain Hardware glove liners are not super thin but not super thick.   I used them plain before I ended up in a chair, and they seem to be way warmer than other gloves that are the same weight.    If it’s snowy I always have extras of everything because of snow melting and getting them wet.  
 I got some ski gloves from C
ostco (UK) by a brand called Head. really good :) 