Ideas on cushions for a power wheel-chair? So right now I'm using a roho hybrid where there is foam cushion in the front near my legs and roho air filled stuff in the back. I am somewhat more active I guess than other wheelchair users in that I can use my legs a little to help shift around in my chair.

 The problem is that by doing so, this causes more strain on the roho air pockets and causes them to get holes thus making the roho useless. I've gone through many lately and am looking for alternatives that won't "pop" and will protect against skin-breakdown/pressure issues. 

Normally I would go to the guys that I got my chair from and have them advise/fit me for something else, but my insurance counts such visits as therapy visits and I've used up all my therapy visits for this year already. I looked up a self-pay visit  where they would advise/fit me and it's $700. If I can avoid something like that I want to. Any and all help would be greatly appreciated.

 I personally loved my [seat cushion from Varilite](http://www.varilite.com/products_category.aspx?catID=1) (I had a Void, one of the most basic), but I'm not sure that would be enough to prevent pressure sores for you. I can move my legs and weight around pretty freely, though weight-bearing is hard. There seems to be more sensitive cushions, though, so might be something to think about.

Edit: I had mine for four years until it wouldn't hold air anymore. Only reason I don't have one now is insurance. I'm alarmed to hear your trouble with the Roho hybrid cushion! I've had one for two years and no holes. In the past I had a 4" Roho Quattro and a 2" Roho, and only got holes when I had my cushion mishandled (my mom tried to launder the whole rubber cushion and the agitator pinched it) or it was extremely old as happened before this current Roho Hybrid Elite. I wonder if either your level of mobility is causing friction, or your cushion is faulty. If the former, an OT might be able to help you pinpoint what's going on. Perhaps you are underinflating? Rohos are also easily damaged by the buildup of dirt or exposure to bodily fluids between the bubbles and not washing it routinely. Are you having it repaired by a technician or doing it yourself? Are the holes always in the same places? 

I echo other commenters, my fave cushion is a Varilite combi(?) cushion that is contoured foam and air inflated. I've had no problems with it and no skin breakdown!  Matrx cushions from Invacare are very popular with our therapists.  I will add my vote for Varilite.  They are a division of Cascade Designs, the company that makes the very popular Therm-a-rest products.   

Varilite cushions hold up very well and don't have as many issues as Roho. The inner foam will support you and offers pressure relief even if the outer air bladder gets punctured.  I didn't know that about the cleaning, we do clean it because why wouldn't we, but we get serviced by these guys that are related with my local hospital. All the times the cushions have failed, the repair guy came out and couldn't fix it. I am extremely mobile so friction is very likely.  I have an appointment with them soon to see about a different type so hopefully that helps. I'm just glad they are working with me on the price of the visit. Thanks for the reply yo. do you have a lot of spasticity or repetitive movements? I wonder if a combination of all of these factors is happening. The only time I've had a Roho be unrepairable has been the last Roho I had where one whole bubble needed to be replaced, and it just wasn't possible. It does sound like maybe you should have a non-Roho cushion given the issues you've had. the other one I'd suggest is a Ride cushion but they are really expensive. You can often find a cushion in your own size online on eBay or amazon or even craigslist if you live in a large urban area if you don't have insurance to cover your cushions. Also - Any wheelchair/home health care dealer should not charge you for visits related to finding an appropriate product they sell. 
 