Wheelchair design I am a final year Product Design Engineering student looking to redesign the wheelchair from scratch. My aim is to design a desirable wheelchair at a reasonable cost. I am wondering a few things about wheelchair users; firstly, is there a chair out there that anyone actually WANTS? A desirable product, in the same way someone might desire the new iPhone or a certain car or whatever. Secondly, do wheelchair users feel that people judge them on their wheelchair? Do you think that this could be helped by having a wheelchair that better fitted the user's personal style? Thanks  i love the TiLite ZRA, or really just about anything titanium. Colours has great chairs, too. 

I got screwed by my DME supplier and wound up with a chair that was a REALLY bad fit for me, but wouldn't replace it. I ended up finding a better chair that was used on ebay. I'd lusted after anything TiLite and titanium for awhile and lucked out with an old ZRA. I feel awesome in it. 

Everyone's style is different so it's great if things can be customized in a way that doesn't alter price. I like the plain brushed titanium finish, but some people love flashy colors. When it comes to flashy, I stick with LED casters and like everything else plain black or gunmetal colored.

i didn't feel judged as a chair user until i met other chair users. i think we're always scoping out each other's rides because there are a lot of options out there. i didn't even know Colours existed until after i got my ZRA.

That said, i do think able bodies can be judgy. PWDs are usually not seen as attractive/sexy/stylish/fun/etc, so when someone sees my wheels light up, or sees me pop a wheelie out of boredom, I think it challenges their assumptions a little bit. 

I think of my chair the way i used to think about shoes. I like them functional, but AWESOME.

speaking of functional: must also be lightweight, easy to get in/out of cars, and sturdy. (preferably up to 300lbs, which isn't the norm right now.)

best of luck with your project! I'm a mom of a child in a wheelchair.   What I would like is custom seating that is light weight.   By the time they add a ton of options to a titanium frame the weight has increased significantly.  These kids either have hypertonia or hypotonia with a range of orthopedic problems so going with a no frills seat isn't an option.   Children shouldn't have their mobility impeded just because of opthopedic positional needs.  Another thing I would like to see is lateral supports that don't impede ability to propel wheels.   Also a frame that allows the large wheel to be move further forward is super helpful.  You put a kid with multiple issues in a frame with standard wheel positioning and it actually impedes mobility because full range of motion is much harder for so many of these kids.  

Basically to sum it up I would like practical light weight supportive seating that doesn't interfere with mobility.  Cool looks are fine but at the end of the day something usable that actually solves real medical based problems is far more marketable for insurance reimbursement purposes not to mention far more effective at improving lives.   Not sure if it matters but my son currently uses a 12 inch Tilite YRA with custom seating. For my wife the problem is bumps. And that show a big point: no chair solves all problems for all populations. A chair for my wife will be bad for others.
 Yes, I want something similar to the fold-a-wheel but that can handle sidewalks and hills , not just indoor floor.  Its difficult because not all of us have huge vehicles!  My car won't even support a hitch.  Also needs to be durable, lighter (hard to do with batteries) and can be used manually and electrically.  That would be a dream wheelchair for me.

I haven't had others judge me on the style , most people understand wheelchairs are expensive i think this is pretty cool. http://www.trekinetic.com/K2.php  style meant a lot to me before my injury, so i wanted a chair that suited me. i started with a [colours razorblade](http://colourswheelchair.com/razorblade/). i would like to try [tilite zr](http://tilite.com/chairs_zr.php).

i want something that is light and stylish. it has to be easy to get in and out of my car. How do you get up a curb? I Thought The exsact same thing here's a vid that explains it really well https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GK_kYCRKI_A Yeah I know how I get up curbs, but how would I do it in the trekinetic wheelchair? 