New Wheelchair User! Looking for advice/tips? I can kind of walk. But it causes me a lot of pain to walk for even short distances/stand for long periods of time, and I can never sit down long enough to recover from the physical pain (especially when we're trying to catch a bus). It's part-time use, and I can push it myself--or if the need be, my fiance can push it (as I only really leave the house with him).

What are some "etiquette" things I should know about, like navigating around people who are physically walking, or waiting in line, so on.
What are concerns that I should be aware of?
Any general advice?

Edit: Thank you all for the advice so far!! I appreciate it a ton. Also, no worries, I intend to walk when I can! I just can't walk for 10min before the pain starts, but I do intend to walk on days when it's less strenuous and I can actually rest when I need to!! And no worries about my limits either, I'm almost always sure to keep an eye on that ^^
I also especially appreciate the advice on maneuvering/ways to move without hurting my arms/shoulders or damaging things around me! That's a load of help. I'm a part-time user. I find most people will try and get out of the way even if I don't ask, try and open doors for me, etc. Make sure, if you're alone, keep valuables in your lap, not the back of the chair. I mostly just try and make sure I don't run over people's feet XD People give me a wide berth, so remember that other people will naturally stand further away from you. I also give walkers a bit of extra space. 

If you’re moving at speed through a busy area, try not to make eye contact with people. Look straight at where you’re going and people should generally move. 

Watch out for kerb cuts. Some may be higher than you think and I’ve tripped out of my chair before, which was very painful and very embarrassing! Learn how to at least do a pop-up wheelie if you can, it will help so much. 

If someone is pushing you, they need to remember that, in a store, for example, if they’re level with the cashier, you’re already at the end of the counter and you could be in someone’s path. They should also remember that your feet/legs are about 2ft in front of them, so they need to watch out for any obstacles at least that far in front. 

There are tons of YouTube videos about getting started as a wheelchair user. Most of it, you’ll learn yourself. If you have a chronic pain issue, as I do, KNOW YOUR LIMITS. I frequently push myself too far without adequate rest and I always pay for it. I can only walk a couple of metres at a time, so I rely very heavily on my chair to get around. 

I hope this helps! Not etiquett, but a habit to get right early is your arm motions.  Instead of making an arc from 12-3 (tires are a clock), do a full circle motion with the arms. You still only push from 12-3, but by continueing that motion rather than instinctively jerking back up to prevent shoulder issues. Me too. When you are in people’s houses be careful to not scrape door frames and cabinetry with wheels. Especially if you have a cheaper one with protruding axle nuts. Its a quick way to get uninvited.

If you live in a city and cross roads, it may be easier to go zigzag. A 45° path on a banked road decreases the slope by half. Knowing it can really help climbing a hill. Avoid carpeted areas in malls or hotels, stick to the smooth paths unless you want exercise.

I live in a dry dusty climate so my wheelchair collects a LOT of dirt. Especially from static electricity. I clean it regularly so as not to be a filthy slob. You often see old people who have dry crusty food on their chair, it’s disgusting. Get a tool like a hemostat and clean out the hair from the wheels. It will roll easier.

Speaking of static electricity, develop the habit of touching door handles with the back of your hand first. The moving chair can build up a lot of voltage and touching people can be a shocker. Think of it as an exercise in charm when you shock someone.

Doors are a challenge. People often open the door for me, I have to be careful to not to run into their toes since they are not used to the hazards of a wheelchair. They usually end up blocking the way while holding the door open, so hesitate before going through. I may go backwards because it is easier and safer to roll the wheels over a high threshold going backwards. I normally say “thank you, that’s very helpful” to door holders.

At stores or banks they usually have a low counter for disabled, find and use it whenever possible. Never get stuck behind a high counter where you can’t see the person behind it, go around the entry if necessary to get face to face.

You will meet “ableism” people who don’t like disabled or have disapproving ideas about wheelchairs or treat you like you ate faking it. Store attendants may intentionally ignore you because the wheelchair makes them panic. You will meet people who attach themselves to you because it validates their own identity as being disabled. You may find that dogs panic and bark or unexpectedly lunge at you without provocation, because of the turning wheels. You will meet people who are not disabled but pretend to be, especially in the parking lot. If you drive a wheelchair van, as I do, you may find no side door accessible spaces available. In my state it is illegal for a disabled person to enforce disabled parking because they are seen as especially vulnerable to assault. There are many abuses, injustices and weird mental cases associated with being in a wheelchair. Its best to not get too excited about them.

Lastly, there are many special privileges to being in a wheelchair that you should look for. Public gatherings, concerts and media events may have a (highly visible) stagefront wheelchair area for you and your assistant. Hotels have reserved rooms for disabled. Public transit drivers are very helpful. Your city may have subsidized taxis for disabled, and other assistive services.  I don't know where you live, but in England, you really have to get used to people apologising to you - you just hear 'sorry' every time you make contact with anyone, no matter where, so long as you're both strangers. It's a bizarre etiquette and I don't know where it originated!

&#x200B;

It's relevant here, because generally if you clip someone with your char they're likely to be mortified and take it as their fault rather than yours. You have to be a bit louder and wave your hands higher up to be seen if people are in your way, as they won't see you and will block your path if you don't, and take your time around corners in corridors or going past doors in case you collide with someone (you'll soon learn to slalem around the masses who are looking at their phones while walking: it's not too bad in the midlands, but in London I swear nobody actually knows what the world looks like except from their peripheral vision around their iphones!)

&#x200B;

You also sometimes just have to go through doors even if you don't want to: really nice people will hold them open and you can say "I'm actually heading somewhere else" "No, please, I'm late and I need to go in the opposite direction to that specific door", and even "Please, for the love of all that is holy, let go of the door and carry on with your day, I'm not going through it!" until you're blue in the face, but they'll refuse to listen and insist on holding it open until you've gone through it. Another strange thing in our culture, but at least it comes from a nice place and I guess they're trying to out-polite me in case I'm saying not to hold it just to make their day easier or something.

&#x200B;

Seriously though, generally people are fine, and being in a chair often lets you see the best side of people how they go out of their way to help you, but you do sometimes realise that the person talking to you thinks that they've done their good deed for the day by being nice enough to talk to a disabled person, and other people will ignore you and just talk to your fiancé instead etc. I'm guilty of using a few pockets on the back of my chair with my wallet or cell phone in them. Sometimes I have to double check after someone comes a bit to close. You actually witness someone stealing from a wheelchair user like that or you just playing it safe? Quick extra tip for wheelies. Never move your feet. Since I'm a paraplegic I obviously dont have to worry but remembering my young days when I would play in a wheelchair just for fun. I would sometimes go over and lose balance.

 I have never went over after I had my accident and kind of attribute it to the fact that since I can only use my arms I have much better balance. Even something like a light backpack or even smaller object that is left free swinging on a chair can throw off balance. But wheelies can get you through very tough spots sometimes and once you get the feel for them you will become confident enough to just become second nature. 

Not sure how much this may help a part time user but for someone who relies on a chair 100 percent it is invaluable.

Also just another tip if I can throw it in, walk whenever you can. I spent a year getting lazy with a powerchair and it's been a year since I went back to manual 100 percent of the time. I have yet to gain back my initial strength and stamina that I lost. Not sure how this would translate to walking but use every muscle you can while you can so you dont make the same mistake I did.

 I've not heard that before but that's great, I'll think of it like that from now on!

I wish there was at least a series of 'So you're in a wheelchair' films with actual instructions from people who know about the long term effects of different ways of using the chairs so they could give us safe advice like this.  I've heard more of it in bigger cities, but it's a pretty common apparently. I like to keep everything safe, haha Seconded! I walk as much as I can, especially as I still live with my parents in a bungalow that’s not big enough for my chair. I have to stumble around at home. It sucks and it’s painful, but at least I’m able to do that for now. 

For the backpack thing, I carry a small one only with essentials. I wear it normally on my shoulders instead of putting it on my chair. I used to do that and it was too heavy and I tipped back loads! You can always youtube "doing x in a wheelchair"  That doesn't usually provide specific advice to new users though, and oftentimes videos follow the same instructions.
Most of the videos I found were about doing stuff around the house, which... What I personally needed. And none of them offered advice about arm motions that are safer than what someone might already be doing. Exactly! I've never found any useful guides from people who've trained and studied how to keep safe joints long term. I've got a strained thumb from wheelchair basketball right now and it's absurd how I'm reduced to spinning in circles until it's strong enough again, but I don't know what I did wrong to cause it in the first place. 