Question about Quantum Q6 Edge Batteries So, I primarily am a power chair user. My latest power chair is a Quantum Q6 edge with tilt and seat elevation. I have had the chair for roughly 4 and a half years, with no trouble. That is, until recently. In the past year - I have had the batteries die on the thing twice. I am currently waiting for a third set. This seems odd. Is it?

For comparison, my most immediate power chair before the Quantum was/is an Invacare TDX SP. It is over 10 years old and is still running on the original batteries. In fact, it is the chair I am using until the Quantum gets fixed. Granted, it does not have tilt or seat elevation, which the vendors say age batteries more quickly now. But I wanted to see if this is, in fact, true or if it's a line to cover Quantum's shortfall.

I should be eligible for a new chair relatively soon, and this battery kerfuffle is quickly souring me on Quantum.  That is excessive and should be looked at. What brand of batteries is your provider putting in your chair?  I use MK battery as they consistently have the best life.  If your chair is killing the batteries that quickly it is either bad replacement batteries or a possible short in the electrical system. The biggest culprit used to be the fuse block on the positive terminal. I would suggest your have your provider remove them to see if that helps. When the fuse block goes bad, the affected battery will not be able to charge and discharge correctly. Hey, I have a quantum R-4000. I recently had both of my motors replaced. It had a huge impact on the longevity of my batteries. It was like three times as much. Maybe see if they need to be replaced.  Make sure you use only a Quantum charger for your Quantum chair.  Fwiw.
I believe the problem has been corrected in the most recent generation of Quantum chairs, but a couple years ago this was a huge problem. 
Consider this if you ever get admitted to a hospital as well, or any other situation where someone else is charging your chair. You should also maintain good charging practices. No less that 8 hours at a time. Never do a top up charge while eating at a cafe. And here, *I* thought I was a chair nerd. :-) I have no idea what variety of battery they are using. But, I will certainly bring this up with the technician when he comes next week. Thanks! Did your insurance cover that, or did you pay out-of-pocket? I'm trying to remember what the warranty period on the motors is. Off to the owners manual I go. Yep. I'm pretty fastidious about these things. And it can get confusing because both the Quantum and Invacare chargers look exactly the same with the exception of the brand-name. But, I keep the chairs and their respective chargers in different rooms. It eliminates the confusion. In any case, nice username. Well, I repaired them for 10 years, sold them for 2, now I am a manager. I had to learn so I could take care of my customers ;).  Insurance paid for it.  