so when does the ugly weather start? Wasn't it supposed to be by November already?  We win at climate change.  That pic is clearly wrong. It rains ALL THE TIME in seattle.

Please don't move here. It sucks #FakeWeather Stop encouraging tech bros....... You know that the weather forecast in Seattle changes every couple of hours right?  I left Seattle after the ‘shut-in’ lifestyle lead to a suicide attempt; granted, poor life choices and horrible social skills helped, but I still feel that the sun deficiency and not wanting to leave the house 9 months of the year were big factors.. I’m sure plenty will disagree but I digress.. 

I’m incredibly jealous of the friends I left sending me snapchats of the beautiful weather and others visiting only to wonder why the hell I left. Maybe it sounds like a ‘grass is greener’ mindset but These pictures kill me inside. But I am actually very happy where I am in the Southwest, maybe it’s just a case of different strokes for different folks. Seattle will always have a special place in my heart though, such an incredible mixture of natural and man-made beauty Ya our winters have gotten really nice (altho snowfall isn't as good in the mountains)

Now if only we could manage our forests properly id enjoy our year round weather! People are different.  For me, the 9 months of darkness and rain are the best part.  I can't stand the 3 months of sun and heat.  

In the end, happiness is found within.  Not from the weather, or friends, or what money buys, or what's on TV, or or drugs/alcohol, or what happens in politics.  

Happiness is how you react to the world around you. [deleted] Snow has been pretty good the past few years. Yeah that’s true for the most part and what I tried to get at - but isn’t there a correlation between vitamin D synthesis and serotonin production? Happiness does come down to biological processes to a meaningful degree. 

Supplements could’ve helped, which is why I tried to point out lifestyle choices, but in the end some people just don’t have that capacity. 

I’m not saying Seattle is bad either, again, I very much wish I could’ve stuck through it; I just couldn’t at the time like I can other cities People are too exposed to social media where they see pics of their friends/celebrities having fun in a sunny place/beach. So they feel like Seattle is miserable.

Sure, vacationing in a hot, warm, sunny beach is fun. But that's vacationing. Actually living there is another story...going to work...going to school and having to deal with the heat ...that sucks Do I get to pick what part of the country? I’d probably pick a rural community in Chiapas (Mexico) if so Mexico. It’s not even a question. Yes exposure to the sun generates vitamin D and it's related to happiness.   Blue skies are much nicer than grey.  That's like people that live in Hawaii.  Sure you loved vacationing there, you were on vacation.  Try living there year round and working there. What will you do for a job?   [deleted] Gracias, pero no entiendo la pregunta. Me quires decir que prefiera Mexico? :) 

(I do)  