Degree of disability- viable option or bad idea? My cousin recently suggested to lump my ADHD, my mental health (depression + anxiety disorder) and my bad eyesight together and apply for a degree of disability. 
Two out of three therapists I'm cureently seeing a going with the idea (especially after a recent incident leading to my training instructor at work deciding to quit covering my tutelage).
I haven't brought it up with my main therapist, but seeing his stance on labels,he probably won't be a fan of the idea.
Me personally...
I don't know. 
On the one hand, there are tons of people who have it way worse than me,I somehow manage to through life, the outlook of having to do the paperwork and seeing the required doctors scares the heck out of me; on the other hand, yes there are lots of things I simply cannot do the way regular people do them: the mere thought of going to crowded places without donning a costume as an additional layer of protection scares me enough to freeze up, IF I attend a  party,I spend about 90% outside in the smoker's area,rather freezing for hours then facing potential sensory overload, the necessity of making a detailed plan before doing something leads to avoiding anything related to it unless it's too late to plan AND get some rest beforehand, which in turn brought me to a level of caffeine consumption,that some people around me consider at least close to an addiction,when someone asks me how I feel, 90% of the time I end up relating whatever currently occupies my mind to a fictional character and then extract my answer from how they felt in similar circumstances because people get confused when I respond with 'I don't know', 4/5 days I'm so unfocused, changing a browser tab or getting up out of my chair is enough distraction to forget what I was attempting to do, answering the phone or replying to letters scares me enough that I often just can't do it -even if it's a last reminder-, and without contacts,I can't make out clear outlines even over a distance of 15 cm.

And yet, my inner critic keeps telling me to "stop whining and grow up", which is exactly why I'm not sure if taking this measure wouldn't be just another way to avoiding exactly what my head is telling me to do. You definitely could try and apply for it. Just be honest with the doctors and then let them decide. ADHD plus depression and anxiety sounds like a lot (I don't know if bad eyesight adds much to it or not), and if your therapists agree that's a good sign you probably could get some disability. Also, I think you could still try to work if you got it or maybe take the time to go to school. Also, some of the things you're describing sound kind of like autism or aspbergers, so that might be worth checking into too. Keep in mind that in the united states, there are law firms that have far better results than you would on your own.  They do the paper work, too. 

 I think I can relate to a lot of this. Good luck on whatever you choose.  I wasn't aware of the autism/aspbergers-overlap, I'll look into that.
Thanks. I'll keep that in mind, but I'll have to figure out how it is in Germany. 