Free App Solution for all who get distracted on the internet for hours instead of focusing on work. One of the troubles I have had with my ADD is getting distracted on the internet. I finally searched and found an app for all Chrome users. StayFocusd allowes you to block the webpages that distract you the most throughou the day. It allowes you to set the time you want to be able to view these webpages, so you can still have some fun online. But once your time is up, it locks down all the webpages you set as restricted.

This is how I use it but it also has some pretty flexible settings so you can decide how strict to be on yourself and how to regulate the time you can be online. Explore your options.

This has been one of the few things that have saved me in the past for getting my homework done. And unless you actually have the courage to use internet explorer, it is pretty hard to find a way to cheat yourself out of the app. I encourage all who have this problem to give it a try.

Here is the link to the app on the google chrome store: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stayfocusd/laankejkbhbdhmipfmgcngdelahlfoji?hl=en Is there such thing for your phone?! Because that's what distracts me the most, (I am currently on my phone) oh and btw, I'm new here so, Hi! :D Doesn't solve, I just open up the other browser. I downloaded a Firefox version (Leechblock), tried it out. It was frustrating at first because I didn't restart Firefox like I should've by closing it so that the changes would go into effect, but it eventually worked. Thanks for the heads up. I'll try it for a few days, maybe a week. I have a fun site that I go to, two porn sites and also Twitter that I blocked. I didn't block Youtube, because I listen to ASMR videos to try and calm me down while doing stuff. I had these videos playing in the background while writing my final paper. As far as the effectiveness of these apps, we'll see how it goes. There is another one like this except I'm pretty sure it blocks websites on all browsers. Even if you exit out of the app, it still blocks the websites until the time is up. I can't remember what it's called but it's for Mac.  free: Try self-control if you have a Mac (I think the equivalent for windows is cold turkey)-- blocks all browsers.  Also, sometimes you have to configure your browser to make sure the block settings apply to your "private browsing" windows.  
There's an app by the same name I use on my android phone I found one called focusLock for android. Its pretty much the same thing but it blocks your apps. I just started trying it out today and its worked so far. I am the same way! Having no discipline does not help either. http://selfcontrolapp.com 