I am tired of wasting time.  I have been depressed most of the day, but now that I am up again, I can't help but be distracted by the internet instead of working on my study guide. This test isn't until Monday, and I've always completed the study guide the day before the test, so that explains things. I have more stuff I should be working on though. I really wish someone could get on my case for this. It has to be someone specific who knows exactly what I am going through. For now, It is time to force my brain to start hurting and work on this damn thing.  I sit down to check the weather forecast and next thing i know it has been 3 hours and i am watching an hour video about thorium reactors. Set a reoccurring timer for 20 min to remind you to stay on track. Take breaks frequently but DON'T GET SIDETRACKED during the breaks. You have to bear down and focus. You already know you are having issues so you need face them and address then as they happen. I don't know about you but what I find best to do when I have to use my computer is to "restore" most visited sites on Google Chrome (don't know if you use browser but anyway).

It might not make a huge difference but it works for me. I'm more likely to go on the sites I always visit when they are in front of me every time I open a new tab. 
 * Study in a location similar to where you will take the test! This will help with recall.

* Block distracting sites by editing your computer hosts file. Reddit will be here on Monday, you won't miss anything.

* Be sure to take breaks and sleep! This will help you actually save the information to memory.
  Probably too late... but go to the library and do your work there. Can you clarify this please? You're not restoring the tabs opened when you last closed the browser, but you're using the new tab page to open your most visited sites? This helps you to *not* waste time?

I guess this works if you're usually on task or have customized the new tab page, but mine is filled with Reddit, Google News, Gmail, Facebook, Youtube, etc. Whenever I open a new tab I think "mmm let me just check the headlines real quick" which trails off to a half an hour or more of not doing work, unfortunately. That's exactly what I meant, maybe a little language barrier but I hope it's alright haha.

I sometimes use a different browser (firefox!) if I don't want to delete the top sites!

Btw. I have the same things on my most visited page... freaky.... I was a bit confused at first because of the "restore" but after reading it slowly it made complete sense.

Haha ya nothing too special there. Also Hulu and Amazon though I rarely buy things off Amazon. I guess I do a lot more browsing and price comparing than I realize. Yeah I go on amazon and make imaginary wish lists like the porn stars do.

Also shipping is a bitch to the place I'm from.
 