Losing My Mind Feel free to delete because I have no idea how this is going to turn out. I'm feeling really weird and don't know where else to post. I went to the doctors office yesterday to talk about add and that I think I have it. She talked me into getting tDap vaccine which is for tetanus and lock jaw. Her office will call me in a few days to tell me some people I can see to evaluate me for ADD, but I never intended to get a vaccine while there. This was yesterday. Yesterday night I started feeling some of the symptoms of the vaccine, a little achey body and that sick brain where you feel like nothing matters. At 1am it reached its peak, thats when I went to bed. At 1am the symptoms progressed and I had chills I had to turn my room heater on and bundle myself up. I woke up around 4am and was not able to get back to sleep. I feel even worse. Achey body, soreness, fever, headache, even a slight cough. All of this was under the symptoms, but only a 1 in 100 chance in adults. I'm 22. So now I feel like I'm dying. I'm very confused. It might be the sickness, or... I forgot what I was going to say. I opened my laptop and had to power it on which confused me. It powered on and said there was an error and it had to restart or something and I don't thing that's ever happened, I'm worried I kicked it in my sleep or something. I'm also very emotional but on the sad scale right now. I cried, called my ex and woke her up, I thought she would be up at 8am, so I told her to go back to sleep and hung up. I restored my tabs under safari and I always have 20 tabs and then even more tabs under chrome. Well I closed all of them out finally and now I only have 7 tabs open. What did this vaccine do to me?

I'm hoping its just sleep deprivation, but I've been sleep deprived and this is a lot worse. I'm a lot more forgetful right now, my working memory is much much smaller than it usually is. Another thing is I feel an overwhelming sense of guilt that I've never felt before. Guilt for everything bad I've ever done. For not achieving anything in life worth bragging about. For being able to barely pass high school and not go to college even though all my friends went to college. For having no friends and falling out of contact with good friends. For squatting at my parents place because I have no where else to go. For not having a job and feeling like a parasite because it would be the first time in my life that I'd have a job without being with my girl. I cried for the first time in a while thinking about her and how she's 60 miles away and doesn't want me near her anymore. I haven't felt suicidal in a long time. It feels like I buried it otherwise I really would have killed myself. And now it's all bubbling up into the front of my brain where it's all I can see and feel. But it knows that because I'm sick right now, I don't have the energy to actually do anything harmful. And I won't, I just feel really really different today.

I feel like I'm somebody else, and I was thrown into this body with all its problems and past and its just so overwhelming. Does that make sense? Like I'm somebody else, but I can remember this person's life and current situation, but not all at once. Like I had to really study my safari web browser to remember when I opened that tab and why I did and what I wanted to get from it. Maybe that's why it feels so empty and gloomy. I wish I never got the damn shot. 102 fever. I took some tylenol so I'm feeling better, but I still feel like I lost 50 IQ points because I have no idea whats going on, no ambition, I just want to lay down and die. I'm not sure what else to say. I just feel terrible about myself. Like I made mistakes, and I can't go back, and I didn't care at the time of making those mistakes, and some of the mistakes I knew I would regret. It feels like... like I was an asshole and now I'm self-aware that I was an asshole and I don't want to do that anymore. Like I feel like I've been and still am a huge inconvenience to a lot of people, and that's why I cut so many people out of my life, so I wouldn't be an inconvenience anymore. 

TL;DR
Just don't read this. I don't even remember what I wrote. I'm physically sick and mentally sick and I have about 100 regrets that I wish I could change. But also please ground me, I feel like I'm floating up from Earth and going insane. I don't know what I should aim for... Let me know if you need to talk. Pm me.

I can’t help with the symptoms but if you need to pointlessly chat, I’m around. 

I feel the same. It feels like a complete ‘disconnect’ between my brain and my mind. Between me and the person I see in the mirror.  Also does anyone else have the weirdest dreams when sick? Almost OCD like? 

When I was young, like 6-12 years old, whenever I was sick and went to bed with a fever, my dreams were nightmarish. One such dream I was the size of an ant, and I was on my bed standing on my bed sheet, no blankets, and there was this normal sized hand, but from my ant view it was god like, and this hand forced my to push all of the wrinkles out of the sheet. For all eternity. A slave to the bed and making sure the sheets had no wrinkles. Very weird and very scary... 

Last night I slept with a fever, but had no such oddities. My dream was still weird, however, just not scary. I was editing videos in my mind. That's one of the things I can hyper focus on in waking life. That, and making music or remixes of songs. So that's what I dreamed of. Not too bad, I just wish I slept for more than 3~4 hours...  Exactly! Like I don't "identify" with "me" right now. It's the strangest feeling. And the disconnect... brain and mind. I'm just really... tough concepts are hard right now. But I'm feeling more impulsive than usual and it's probably from 4 hours of sleep PLUS the fever like symptoms from the shot... I kind of feel like my brain got cooked a bit. I really hope I feel back to normal tonight or tomorrow. As a kid I had a few weird feverish dreams. I was quite young. I was lying on the bank looking at the antennae people back then had on their roofs for the tv set. And they were waving or rocking back and forth. I told my mom. 

In another case I was also very small. It is amazing I can remember this. But I was like on a pile of textiles and above me was this machine and every time I moved this thing started to turn on and make a loud noise. Sort of like a sowing machine and it was invasive and scaring beyond belief. 

 