My GF showed me a quote because she thought I might relate to it. I think you guys can too! "My mind is like an internet browser. 

I've got 19 tabs opened, and 3 are frozen.

And I haven't got a clue where the music is coming from!?"

Very true and freaking hilarious! Lmao

Have a good weekend! Current number of open tabs: 498






I’m such a mess. Hahaha yes! So true and seriously where is that music coming from?! Is that why I break out into random song? Makes sense finally. I believe there’s a setting in Chrome that makes an icon appear in the tab header of the page that’s playing audio. 

Of course, that only helps when you have so few tabs open that you can still make out text or icons in the tab header. 🙃 And when you find the music tab, pop ups keep opening making it impossible to turn it off.  Your girlfriend sounds sweet and fun. I hope you guys continue to list one another up.  :) The music!  Dear Lord the music!  I get earwigs so often.   true for me as well... until i open the task manager, kill every tab but one, and keep staring at it intensely while neglecting all of the other things i must do (like eat, sleep, use the bathroom) best thing ever is onetab extension for chrome YES! I think there's actually a word for this. It's called simultaneous thoughts, and while it's super annoying, it's also something not a lot of people can do. We have super powers! LOL YES! And also " Why can't I get a new tab to open?" 

Oh wait....  I currently have 138 open tabs. No music though. Imagine the Chrome RAM usage on that  Teach yourself to close tabs. It's really worth the effort. After you've done a certain task, close the tabs related to that task. At first you'll think you're doing fine with all those tabs open "that might has something you're maybe going to need", but you'll find out how much overview you gain. It's easier than keeping your desk clean or closing all the programs on your computer haha I thought 15 was bad lol thanks for the perspective And every one is just as important 😉 374 here You’re not a mess. Your awesome and I love you. Damn, I usually have ~200 open and I thought I was bad. I use OneTab, which is an extension where I can condense tabs into a list of links. I never actually look at that but it gives me more comfortable than completely closing the tabs Common in my family growing up! LOL LOL... this... my wife calls me the "random jukebox" hahaha Mine just looks like a very long barcode 🤣 She is! And we will!

We both have ADHD and so do our children. That's 4 people who are having trouble "fitting into society". We really have to make an effort to keep some humor in the situation. It really helps mitigate all the self punishing happening when someone messes up by accident. 

And it works! We've all more or less accepted the fact we've got ADHD and we're working around it as a family. Superpowers ftw! 

But seriously, it does make us great in thinking out of the box and seeing connections where others fail to see them.  I'm at 89 on my phone. How do people keep <10 open?? > After you've done a certain task

Yeah, about that... You’re welcome! Those are just the ones on my phone! I had no clue the system would even allow that many to accumulate on an iPhone.  There’s several firefox addons to a) move the tab bar to the side and then b) allow for grouping them into trees and subtrees. I’m sure there are similar ones for Chrome. That is really awesome to hear. Thank you for sharing. :) Yes! I think it feels like a curse most of the time, but if used correctly, it can be a huge strength! Yup, but you have to put in some effort before you can use it that way... 