I want to do ALL the things! So, naturally, I start two thirds and finish pretty much nothing I really want to get into photography, because I have a proper camera now. There are just so many courses and material, and so little time. And I also want to create a chat bot, and have been reading up on how to do this. This means I have around 30 open tabs in one of my browsers, with tips and guides. 

&#x200B;

Oh, but then I have uni work, and I struggle with getting started with anything related to school, because all the other ideas etc. I have two more browsers with an arsenal of useful tabs related to my course work. And then there is random stuff, like wanting to read about this topic and that, take up knitting again... and maybe crochet. I probably have over 250 open tabs between my two laptops and my phone.

&#x200B;

My flat is in a state of eternal mess, so that's definitely something that needs done too. I start in a corner, now and then, manage to clear that one little bit, then drop everything until weeks later. I like to play games on my laptop, and I want to find more time for that, but you know... all of a sudden I find that I've spent half an hour on the toilet scrolling like my life depended on it, whilst actually only going in for a pee. And so on.   


Argh. I'm just so frustrated! I feel like you've just described me... like every one activity you've mentioned is something that I have either started, bought the equipment, got super good at it for 4 months or have read on it with the intention of getting into it someday. Just like you mentioned, almost no projects I've started are finished.

This has always been something I've been "ashamed" of because all those activities are "weird" for most, plus I have nothing finished to show for. Recently I've started not giving a damn about it and mention it to my friends, show them my new shirt that I'm making because I wanted to learn how to sew, or the collection of Rubik's cube I compulsively bought when I was into them... The reactions were mostly mocking at first, but the more they realize about my "random" skills, the more they ask me to help them in certain areas they are clueless.

Now I feel like all these countless hours I've spent learning stuff that seems pointless were not lost. I can still come back to the things I've learned and I haven't forgotten everything. In fact, the more I dig back into my old interests, the more I realize that it's just like bicycle; You don't forget the basics.

If I were you, I'd talk about those activities with the ones around you (not in a "In your face" fashion). You'd be surprised the satisfaction that comes with helping your loved ones with random things you can do because your weird brain wanted to try it. Plus it's a good reason for not doing the dishes when you're editing your roommate's  new LinkedIn profile picture ;)

TL;DR;

Talking about my weird random skills/knowledge really helped me feel better about all the time I've lost learning them instead of doing things that matter (laundry, homework, paying bills, etc.). Helping friends and family using those random skills makes me realize that learning them wasn't just a waist of time because I never closed any projects. Instead I see it as a bank of useful stuff I can dig into when in need.

&#x200B; That made me laugh a little! The part where you describe the getting good at something and then quit. Yep. Definitely me, lol. It's like as soon as I realise that hey, I can get pretty good at this, the drive is completely lost and I have no interest in finding out just *how good* I can actually get.

If you pair this with an uncanny ability to research things to death, then it usually goes something like this:

Step one: Random thought that leads to me wanting to explore new hobby. Could be I saw someone on Instagram, a friend said something, I saw an ad on Facebook, it could be anything.

Step two: Researching phase. Google every single detail about how to start this hobby. Read about materials, find the best option, realising the best option is too expensive, spending weeks thinking it's impossible to start this hobby without the equipment of professionals, before caving in and spending way too much on said equipment...

Step three: It's either "Oh no, it was a bit more fiddly than I'd thought" or "My god, I am a natural pro!". If the latter is true, I usually skip all the basic stuff and get straight to the *really* fiddly stuff. If the former is true, I now (most likely) have a ton of expensive equipment I won't use.

Step four: Feeling proud and accomplished if I made or did something cool. Show friends and family. Reap compliments and feel like this, this is a hobby I'll keep at, because I'm so *good*!

Step five: Wake up one day, realising that I've not spent any time on this hobby in days or weeks. Wonder what happened. Feel bad because I spent so much money, or spent so much time. I usually use hobbies as a procrastinating excuse. Regret. Why did I drop out of that course because I obsessed over creating the perfect t-shirt to sell on Redbubble?? Ah well, I made eighth quid.

Step six: go back to step one.  