For me it was always a mystery why browsers have "Close tabs to the right" option but no "Close tabs to the left". Until I started taking my medication. I used to end up with like fifty open tabs and I constantly needed a way to close old tabs because you can't see titles if there are too many tabs. 

But after taking my medication, I have enough attention/willpower to maintain only relevant tabs open. And it turns out "Close tabs to the right" is actually pretty useful for closing tabs that are no longer needed after accomplishing a task.

And even if I end up distracted for a while I don't feel like I need to keep my "procrastination" tabs open in the hopes I'll need them later. 

I guess the majority of non-ADHD people use browsers in this way?  

But if you actually need to close stale tabs on the left, here is a link to an extension for Chrome: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/close-tabs-to-the-left/gcmjpicopfkgmjdomahfjkmhpcelklba/related

 This makes so much sense.  I'm still unmedicated. Right now on my laptop got 6 windows containing 35 tabs and my phone has 74 tabs open aha.

I'm gonna go on a tab closing spree actually, thanks for pointing that out. My favorite extension is xTab--I have it set to restrict me to 8 tabs at any given time Along these lines, I recommend [OneTab](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/onetab/chphlpgkkbolifaimnlloiipkdnihall) for closing all tabs + quickly reopening the necessary ones. I have my necessary tabs in one window and the rest in another so I can jump back and forth I'm medicated. I still huse 3 different browser and have various windows / tabs opened... This is a neat idea! One time I accidentally clicked the red button in the top left of one of my six open browser windows, and the box came up asking me if I really wanted to close 237 tabs.  My life flashed before my eyes as I desperately cancelled my unintended maneuver.   :=0


Buuut.... how do you turn your computer off?

This many open tabs would probably make me anxious. I try to stay under 10...

 But I like the feature that lets you close the tabs but automatically saves all off them (temporarily. On the left side...)

(It really is a curse. I am incredibly messy and cluttery but mess / clutter also makes me anxious. So manny stimuli and just this feeling of ‘urgh’! One reason why I like drawers and built in wall cupboards... and why I like my rooms bare.) >Buuut.... how do you turn your computer off?

I don't, as a general rule.  When I do, I just make sure to restore my previous browsing session and all the tabs reload.

I also can't handle physical clutter, but electronic clutter just doesn't bother me for whatever reason.  