Medicate or Don't Medicate? First post here - I'd like some advice from those in the know (and thank you in advance).

I realized I had ADHD probably 10 years ago (I'm 51 now), after blowing it off like most people, as something that's perhaps illusionary or over-medicated or not understood and not a big deal. Of course once I realized this is what I was suffering from, it changed my mindset. Dealing with this is a daily pain - I never understood why I had the challenges I do. From looking right into the eyes of someone who is talking to me and my mind would wander, and I'd not hear a word they were saying, to throwing my lunch into the trash on the way to my car in the morning (along with the trash), to the myriad of other symptoms that afflict those with ADHD.

After a challenging time for many years, I finally started to really grind at my job (in IT), and the stress from the job and ADHD combined gave me incredible, chest-tightening stress, until I went to the doctor worried about heart issues. Trying to be on point and dealing with ADHD is more stressful than I think anyone who doesn't have this can imagine.

Now I moved to another job - a previous co-worker and C-level employee at his new company brought me in as IT manager to fix stuff in the company and bring it all in house. And I have been doing it, but holy crap.. the stress. And worse, the more complex projects are wearing me down badly. I am now the IT manager, and will be IT director next year, but it's a daily challenge. Right now I am doing a project that basically combines multiple projects into one (moving infrastructure and upgrading servers and software). I use OneNote as my organizer, but I move from one focus of the project to the next repeatedly.. and as probably are very familiar with, instantly. Mind totally focused on one important piece.. and the next moment, another.. and then a phone call.. and distracted, and I click on a tab of my literally 30 browser windows for stuff I am trying to work on, and distracted again and again.

I've never been diagnosed, but there is no doubt in my mind about ADHD. I've never been a medication sort of guy. But should I be, for this? How much would taking ADHD medication help in situations like this? Would it really help focus on my multiple projects? Would it drag me down in other ways that is not recommended? Any advice would be great - I can keep plugging away, but the levels of additional stress from trying to juggle all these projects is almost overwhelming. I'm already behind on two other major projects I need to do, and I really want to succeed.. I am trying so hard, but the level of challenge this adds is ludicrous. Any advice would be appreciated.. and I super apologize for the mega wall of text.  : ) Well, you'll have to get diagnosed first. Can't really give advice on meds until you you're able to get some.

Keep in mind that just because you're convinced doesn't mean that doctors will be.

Also sometimes it can't be diagnosed or covered by insurance if it wasn't present in childhood.

First step is to see professionals who can diagnose. Then time to discuss medication options. I would recommend seeking out a doctor to help you with this. I'm not currently medicated but was about five years ago. It was the best, most productive time of my life. I got things done and stayed organized. I have an appointment on Monday to see if I can get straightened out again. Good luck to you.  I never heard of insurance not covering something because you didn't have it in childhood. Can you point me to info on that exclusion?  Seeing a doctor I suppose is a good first step - was hoping to get some insight from those on and off medication here, to see how much of an effect it might have on your day to day. As far as having a childhood requirement, that seems utterly ridiculous. I'm in the U.S btw. I grew up in a crappy foster home environment, with 15 kids in the house - and I would find it stunning that if I was not diagnosed then, that I am now exempt from being diagnosed. That makes no sense at all.

&#x200B;

&#x200B; I'll give that a shot probably. But it's good to know that medication for you focused your day to day life. Out of curiosity, did you stop medication for a reason?  I guess I'd like to know the negatives and positives. No I can't, but it's because ADHD has a required childhood component. Unless it's officially been updated in diagnostic manuals.

I also don't know what country you're in. Someone was just talking about it here recently.

Anyhow, point is, that's simply a possibility, and that it's real hard to say, in a responsible way, how medication for ADHD might affect you, because we don't know if you have ADHD, what kind, etc. It could be something else that resembles ADHD, could have other conditions comorbid with ADHD.

All of this and more affects things. I'm just saying, first step is see a doctor. Medication isn't even step two, usually. If you've maintained jobs, as hard as it's been, they may say you've managed things well enough you don't need meds. 