Help: how to get treated for adult ADHD in France/Paris? Hi,

I'm a 24yo female living in Paris and throughout my life I've always suspected I have some form of attention deficit.
However I'd been downplaying it, assuming the symptoms were things most people surely went through as well but just didn't mention,
they just could "pull through it" and my issue was that I wasn't able to. Another problem is that I've also been raised
in a family that doesn't really believe in psychological problems (ie. you're just weak if you can't do it).

What I've identified as symptoms have been getting worse over the past few years, ever since I've started working.
While I don't actively hate my line of work, it isn't what I want to do foremost in my life and I really struggle
to keep my mind focused at work. Often times my brain will simply turn itself off for the rest of the day and whatever
attemps I make to stay on task either end up with myself dozing off randomly or mindlessly opening browser tabs, moving things
around, and ultimately still be unable to get anything done. My only saving grace is that I'm actually pretty good and fast at
what I do, when I'm not zoning out.

Aside from my non-existent short-term memory, I fall asleep very quickly, and everytime my brain doesn't find anything "entertaining"
to focus on. I also struggle to do housework, and even when I somehow manage to setup a schedule for the day I end up falling behind them
without noticing. I'm also always late as I never notice the passing of time nor ever feel a sense of urgency for anything, it's like
I'm somehow always confident I'll be able to "make it work". And while I'm generally able to find workarounds on the spot, I'm tired of always being tense, juggling through the most basic things. I feel like I'm simply sabotaging my life's potential, and it keeps getting worse.

What made me notice that I did indeed have a problem was, as ridiculous as it may sounds, when I tried to force myself to do the dishes
a month ago or so. I physically felt as if I was struggling and my whole body was yelling "I don't want to do this!". Eventually I had to stop
after a few minutes because I was starting to actually feel dizzy. So I took ADHD tests online again, and it showed me I probably had ADHD-PI indeed. I was truly relieved as it meant I was finally going to be able to do something about it!

But my problem is that I soon learned that adult ADHD isn't considered to be real in France, and I was unable to find any source of help.
So my questions are, can you relate to what I've described, and hopefully, could anyone tell me what I can do to get a treatment?
I normally would refuse anything that involve medication to treat psychological issues (mostly because I'm too afraid of side effects, especially
post-withdrawal), but adult ADHD is starting to gradually ruin all aspects of my life and I'm desperate to do something about it.

**Super TL;DR: Does anyone know how to get treated for adult ADHD in France even though it's not recognized as a real issue here?**

Thank you so much. generally true in europe: 

go to an ADHD specialized psychiatrist or clinic. usually in europe a psychiatrist diagnoses it, but in some countries a neurologist has to.

most psychiatrist are dumb as hell and don't keep up with new scientific experiments, so either find a young psychiatrist or an ADHD specalised one.

it is harder to get diagnosed as a girl so keep your chin up, the process requires patience. I in Hungary went to 3 different psychiatrst, the first one i think was clinically retarded 50-60year old woman who told me adult ADHD doesn't exist, so i decided to go to 2 other special ADHD clinic 200km away in our capital. the first one diagnosed me in a month so i didn't continue with the other psychiatrist, but i think you have to do these things if you don't want to leave it to chance.

in europe usually Ritalin and Concerta is normal to give, but in some other countries adderrall can be prescribed too. (i think there are like 7 different types of medication to help people, and which helps them is quite random. ritalin works for me for now but i just started a week ago) hey ! I live in France too :) ( not paris) 
1. psychiatrist. -> pages jaunes
2. you need some time before you get diagnosed, like 2 months for them to be sure. 
3. start your treatment 
bonne chance ! Je suis allée voir une psy et elle hésite grave du coup à donner un nom à mes "problèmes d'attention". Elle dit aussi qu'elle évite d'envoyer les patients chez un psychiatre pour un traitement médicamenteux sauf si c'est très grave (ce qui me semble être mon cas 'fin bon je suis pas une professionnelle je suppose lol)

Donc du coup j'ai pas de diagnostic "officiel" mais je vais aller voir une neuropsy pour des bilans neuropsychologiques; apparemment nécessaires pour ce genre de diagnostic ? En vrai j'en sais pas plus haha (et c'est pas remboursé en plus du coup)

Du coup je te propose d'aller voir ton médecin traitant et lui demander de te rediriger vers un spécialiste, et si tu peux pas ou le médecin traitant sert à rien, pages jaunes et chasse au psy jusqu'à ce que tu en trouves un d'utile. 

Vu que t'es à Paris, en googlant un peu tu dois pouvoir trouver quelqu'un de recommandé pour le TDAH adulte (oui il parait que ça existe en France :,D). A partir de là il/elle devrait pouvoir te conseiller.

Courage !! 