I would like to take a moment out of my day to thank the man who thought of the "open in a new tab" button Thank you mystery man.

Edit: Pretend their is a period at the end of the title. Quick tip. If you click links with your middle mouse button it will open it in a new tab. [deleted] Hahaha the beauty of this is that I only know you're being sarcastic because you posted in this sub. Anywhere else, I would think the author of this statement is actually thankful for this advancement and innovation in technology. Thanks! I just researched the history of tabbed browsing for half an hour!  I try my best to not open something in a new tab because I can never bring myself to close it until I went  through everything that page had to offer often leading to more tabs being opened. i use a dual monitor setup to waste time with, sometimes i'll open up youtube on one and read reddit on the other and have 10+ tabs open on each -_- .   I honestly think I might middle click more than I left click.

Couldn’t do it without tree style tab in Firefox, as well. My guess is the mystery man is under by some type of witness protection program hiding from all the ADHD-spouses  Careful. At one point I had over 1500 tabs open. For anyone curious about the history of tabs in GUIs, Wikipedia has a great read on this:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tab_(GUI)#History Huh, only 6 tabs open right now. I usually have multiple windows with 15+ tabs in each. Yay for lots of RAM and tabs I believe you would be thanking Mozilla Firefox. That's the first browser I remember having tabs.  thank/kill It's good and bad for me. I have 100 something tabs open on my phone. I keep meaning to read something and then I go oh this looks interesting *open new tab* Then I stay on the tab and don't usually go to the new one and open countless others...

Oh and that's just on one browser on my phone. My other browser has 50 tabs open. >< but I plan on reading them and don't want to close them and I already have a lot of bookmarks.

Thankfully I'm not as bad on my laptop, but 20 or 30 tabs isn't uncommon. Came to say this, you beat me to it, have an upvote for being better than me. I probably use this more than the rest of the mouse buttons on a daily basis. Also Ctrl+Shift+Tab reopens the most recently closed tab at least with Chrome, it's a lifesaver. Additional tip: Install HoverZoom to reduce the need to open more tabs. I use ctrl-click cause my middle mouse doesn't work for shit. Makes it hard to melee In a lot of games.  I never received gold. I appreciate that.  I'm glad it was a helpful tip. I was just as happy when I was told about middle mouse. People see my browser and ask how the Hell I operate with upwards of 30 tabs open at a go. Honestly, they're usually all being used, and there's a lot of hopping back and forth throughout.  Lmfao, I remember seeing my sisters computer have 12 tabs up and I thought it was the dumbass thing ever to clutter your browser like that. The I tried it and have never stopped since. I honestly can't remember what I did before opening in new tab. Broke the middle button on my previous mouse. It's been just a few months and the new one is giving up too.   How did your computer not catch on fire, or crash. I'm impressed. And I can feel my husband wincing in horror that I might see this as a goal, and we're not even in the same place right now... TIL: Firefox used to be called Pheonix. I was in a good mood last night, don't want to kill him this week since I am on vacation and have to much time to waste. Learn something everyday. Great tip. Can't stay on one page for to long, you remember something you where interested by another page you had up and proceed to bounce around through them all. Eventually, you finish that 2 minute youtube video you started an hour ago. Ridiculous  Before tabs I used to open new windows in IE.  CTRL + Left click works for most links as well if you want to spare your middle mouse button. Firefox has an option to not load all tabs until you click on them.  The funny thing was most of those tabs were either porn  or tips on how to get organized😂 After that rapid succession of renaming, somebody made a joke extension called [Firesomething](http://cosmicat.com/extensions/firesomething/). It would rename your browser every time you started it, such as Mozilla Hyperbadger or Thunderporcupine.  Does that still exist, I might just need to get that

Edit: You sir, have made my life a tiny bit more interesting. If I remember correctly, it was discontinued when Firefox disabled the ability for extensions to rename the title. However, there was a way to bypass the compatibility check and keep it working by changing the compatible version number in the file. I forget exactly how, though. 