"Just a Simple Task" – my therapist asked me to journal my thought process while completing a work task. This is the result. (It's like this every day...) The task was simple. Add a paragraph to two Google Documents. It was due yesterday – and given to me today – so I knew it had to be done right away. 

The first task is to find the content to add. Easy enough. It's in an email somewhere. Wow, there are a lot of emails in my inbox, though. 

A message on Slack chat. I switch browsers. Oh, some urgent thing. I better quickly get that done before I forget. Awesome. An hour passes, because I finish a few more tangents before seeing the scribbled "Content Google Doc" on my post-it note. Oh shit! 

I go back to the email. Alright, I need to find the two Google Docs to add. I find them after seeing several new unread emails come in and marking them down on post it notes.

I manage to open up the Google Docs after finding the email. Shit, I forgot to copy the paragraph. I close the windows because excess browser tabs tax the crappy RAM.

I get a call from an unknown number. I quickly Google the number as it's ringing and see that it's a spammer. But that reminds me that I have to update my anti-spam app on my phone, but I forgot my license key. So I open my email and remember...

I need to find the paragraph!

I close out a few more excess tabs. I really need to get this done. My boss is already asking for it, and he's asking why such a simple thing is taking so long.

I find the paragraph. That's right, it was right in front of me on a text doc (one of the current 24 open – all half-finished task notes). I copy it then try to find the email with the links to the 2 docs.

It's here somewhere... oh a new email for another project. Ah crap I was supposed to email the guy back 2 days ago. I have to write him a long email, and now i have to also explain my delay. I copy the letter I had half-written and finish the explanation and press send.

Another 10 minutes of searching and hastened foldering, my wife tells me that we're already late for our therapy appointment. Meanwhile my boss is calling me. I start to have rumbles (from Asperger's) and a sense of dread and panic floods me, and this sensation of being trapped. But it's not anxiety, it's over-stimulation (they feel similar). 

So I tell my boss, choking on words, that I am currently getting the content added to the 2 docs. He says he'll do it. I paste the content and realize it's the wrong content. "What is this!?" Shit I had forgotten that I had copied it for that email I just sent. I apologize and explain how the error happened.

I go back to the inbox and as he's getting impatient – the client has been texting him wanting to know when the 2 docs would be published – I struggle to find the email. All the email subjects and previews are blurring together as my prefrontal cortex fails to be the throne of judgment in this hell-ridden moment.

My wife is at the door, upset that I don't take our therapy appointment more seriously. My boss is upset that I could not prioritize the simple task, and now they're both disappointed in me.

Work ended poorly that day, as it does almost every day with ADHD. Not included in the story:

* 2 coffee cup refills
* 3 restroom breaks (overactive bladder, ugh) 
* 5 text message responses
* 1 re-writing of my master to-do list which pulls from about 16 different post-it notes scattered across my desh
* 4 pen color changes (I like colors!) 
* one scribbled picture of Doge because he/she is cute
* ... and a metric shit-ton of self-shame and discouragement.

At least my therapist understands :) I totally get this. I don't have as much going on objectively but I feel like I go through at least all of this for even the simple/"optional"/social tasks and engagements and household management and all of that. This makes me feel more relaxed. I started something around 930am and around 330 found it again and finally finished it. So much for "morning" report. Im currently trying to focus on finishing a project due end of may. Is this on or off medication? I ask as not yet diagnosed but very very close to my typical day when I was employed.... I feel you :( I've realized I need to make sure I'm not allowing any news apps to give me notifications on my laptop because I \*will\* click on it and then spend way too long on the news website.

Also does anyone else have the issue where they write way too much when they're asked to write a certain amount? I can totally imagine myself writing three paragraphs instead of one because I got too in the zone and basically wrote my stream of consciousness down lol.  My job certainly is not ADHD-friendly. I learned this too late, though my job was not always so fuster-clucked. 

Anyway, for household stuff it's not so much focus but motivation to do things. My brain-car cannot get into first-gear so to speak, but once it does it gets easier unless something takes my focus away. Whereas work, something is ALWAYS taking my focus away and putting me into an over-stimulated frenzy trying to juggle multiple things! I'm on lowest possible dose IR only once per day. I definitely notice a little improvement 30 minutes after I take it, for 2-4 hours, then it wears off. My fast metabolism might burn it off fast. By the time 2pm hits (around now) my brain is not trustworthy when it comes to focus/motivation/attention/rememberizing. 

I'm having a very difficult time advocating for myself for a dose increase because nobody I've seen yet is allowed to prescribe "controlled substances" and all Psychiatrists are booked for weeks. My doctor does not want to increase my dose because "stimulants are bad" yet it's calming me down not stimulating me lol.

Oh and I only have 2 days of meds left.... getting in some hot water :( That makes a lot of sense. People in my life often get upset with me because I need to finish tasks in a certain order not to completely lose focus and derail. They have a different order to things. Weirdest source of conflict. A good anecdote from childhood that relates to your comment.

I was failing school. It was bad. Despite being a bright student who scored high on assessment tests, my education was falling apart. The school had a strict ordering of classes and I wouldn't want to do them in the required order. They took me out of that school and put me into a Private School and talked to the principal/teachers and they allowed me to do my work in whatever order I wanted as long as I got as much done as the other students every day.

What happened... I completed the most work out of every student in the school that year and skipped a grade (which made up for me falling behind 1 year). All because they let me go at my own pace.

I wish the education system was like this for everyone with ADHD! Thanks for that! I'm not in school right now because I ran into a bunch of funding issues (due to adhd and some other of my disorders), but I'm trying to learn some stuff for myself. I've been mostly trying to follow the order(s) laid out in the given books/lesson plans but maybe I'd have more luck going about it differently. 