How many suffer from addiction? I recently did one of those 23andme DNA tests... And dumped the raw data into another site to kind of go through my genes. In an effort to better understand addiction the disease... I wanted to see if there was anything that predisposed me. 

I have suffered from addiction in one way or another for over 15 years. Half of my life. Heroin, cough syrup, benzos, and my favorite.... Crystal meth. 

I've been sober for 6 years. I have achieved this by changing the way I cope and little tricks like "taking a breathe before I speak"

Well, when I went through these results I saw a lot of things I already knew. Hypertension and type 2 diabetes run in my family. Lots of genes associated with stuff like that. I also had a lot of genes associated with adhd. I started looking into adhd. I thought adhd was problem child stuff. Learned it was so much more than that

I had a huge Duh moment. My whole life started making sense. It's why I always tell people I never came down off the meth, always spun out. It's why I couldn't pay attention in school. Failed college. It's why I'm not a great worker. It's why I have 500 browsers open on my computer and I can't ever get anything done. 

How could I have been so blind? The things I thought were managing my addiction were actually accidently managing adhd. My sobriety wasn't successful until that happened. I've seen a counselor a few times (he thinks I'm manic lol) and have started strattera, but honestly being aware of the situation has changed everything. Reading through this subreddit, I often have to check usernames because the things some of you are saying sound like they're coming straight from my brain. 

Is anyone else in recovery from substance abuse disorder? How do you manage?  I go through cycles of abusing adderall and weed and then cutting down massively when I push past some self imposed boundary. I still haven't found any effective coping mechanisms to deal with being so angsty and bored when sober other then venting to people.

edit: I also cycle my vices to minimize a tolerance build up. One day it'll be extra adderall, the next it'll be too much pizza, then a lot of complaining, and then some weed.

 I found that once I got onto an appropriate dose of medicine capable of treating my ADHD, I no longer craved the extra dopamine from drugs (mostly weed).  Sober from benzos for about 5 years, alcohol since February 2016, and sober from weed since March 13, 2017.  Just nicotine, caffeine, and my prescription of adderall and welbutrin.

Smoked weed for 8 years straight.  While alcohol was probably the most difficult to quit for me, weed was ingrained into every single one of my daily habits, which made it almost just as difficult to stop.

I am an outlier in regards to my sobriety - each time has been by my own choice and willpower.  No doctors, groups, or support other than having my family understand I might be easily irritable for a few days and to generally leave me alone for the most part.

I just got fed up with having to rely on pot to enjoy anything in life at all.  8 years of smoking changes your brains reward structure, and I couldn't do anything for more than 2 or 3 hours before the only thought in my head was "I need to get high."  Coincidentally, it was only about a year before I quit pot that my doctor increased my dose of Adderall by double.  It wasn't until recently that I came to the realization I was just self medicating because my body wasn't getting a proper amount of dopamine and feel good chemicals due to how ADHD affects the brain.  Once I had the right amount of medicine to treat my ADHD, the next 12 months I just developed a resentment (subconsciously for being addicted to pot yet unable to stop it, while I was able to quit the other drugs with such fortitude and willpower.  Eventually, one random day, without telling anyone (half because I didn't need the support and half because if I relapsed I wouldn't have let anyone down) I just decided enough was enough and quit it cold turkey.

Alcohol addiction is rampant throughout my family.  I don't know of a single immediate family member (as well as cousins/aunts/uncles) who hasn't had a problem at some point in their life.  I'm just fortunate that I managed to quit before it got really bad.

I see ADHD in every single person in my family.  Yet I'm the only one being treated for it.  I don't want to force it on any of them, but I see them struggle with so many things on a daily basis I just wish they'd realize how much it affects them day to day. Yooo you are not alone. This is me haha.

I beat myself up about sort of turning into an anti-social stoner but it's where I'm able to find peace so i guess it is what it is for now I'm hoping to find medicine to help me manage my cravings for anything that makes me feel good. Congrats though, cold turkey is hard.  Do you ever get cravings for your meds?

I have been on mine for about 2.5 years or so. In that time span, I have *never* forgotten to take a dosage. I feel kind of guilty about it. Not because my memory is amazing, but because I look forward to it every day. I can days without it, but even on those days, it's in the back of my head. Even on the days I take it, I still get a craving to take more when the comedown starts. 

While on the meds, my cravings for other things increases like my urge to drink, libido, desire to play video games, reddit, etc. all increase. 

It does help me get somethings done. I mean, there isn't a night and day difference with me being medicated or not. Regardless, I have tried Ritalin, Concerta (basically the same thing), Vyvanse, and Adderall IR/XR. 

All of them had the same effect. The cravings aren't really negatively affecting my life, but they are kind of annoying. In some regards, I feel like medication has helped me and hurt me to an equal degree. Some days I am  glad I am on them, and some days I regret ever getting the diagnosis. 

These are things I should discuss with my doctor, but I am not comfortable talking to my doctor about these things. She is so hellbent on putting on a mood-stabilizer, despite me having no mood issues at all. Plus, I refuse to take another medication just so I can take a medication unless it's life threatening.   I can definitely empathize with how you feel.  Sometimes in the morning, I'll forget to take my Welbutrin, but you damn well know that I never forget to take my Adderall dose as soon as I possibly can after waking up.  

This is definitely worrisome for me if I forget to take my Welbutrin on a day where I have to be at work - Welbutrin helps stabilize potentially dangerous amounts of anger at anything and everything for me.

I don't want to go a single day without my medicine.  I despise the "fog" that hangs around my head that is a result of ADHD and definitely look forward to my medicine each and every day.  When you know what you're truly capable of with medicine, the idea of returning to the dysfunctional state of mind that ADHD causes me is truly despicable.

The way that stimulants work is by allowing the parts of your brain which receive dopamine and norepinephrine to take in each of those chemicals in full.  

Without going into super detailed explanation of how these work, that is as succinct as I am capable of explaining it.  Thus, things that provide your brain with immediate responses to stimuli such as activities involved with your libido, video games, and reddit are definitely more likely to be craved since they generally produce dopamine.  

With proper CBT, you can potentially alter your normal behavior into applying yourself towards longer term goals, rather than going for the short term reward.

I'm definitely not perfect in this regard either.  I most definitely overindulge in reddit and video games when I could be doing something that might provide myself more overall long term benefit, but I truly have always enjoyed these things regardless, so it's not ENTIRELY "wasted" time to me. > you damn well know that I never forget to take my Adderall dose

They say proper ADHD medication lowers the chance of substance abuse, but I don't believe that shit for one second. 

> I despise the "fog" that hangs around my head that is a result of ADHD and definitely look forward to my medicine each and every day. 

I don't know, I never had that fog that so many speak of. I can't stay focused or concentrate, but I was a pro at getting schoolwork in on time, never paying a bill late, etc.. I didn't even take notes in school really - I could just hear it and remember it. 

I am not going to act like I am a saint either. 

On the occasion, I take more of my meds than I am prescribed. I don't mean like a killer amount, but I am on 30mg of Adderall IR a day and sometimes I take up to 40mg if I need it. 

I did the same with Vyvanse and the same with Concerta. I was prescribed a lower dosage of Concerta. That wasn't enough to help me get my work done, so I would take a screw driver and bust one open to get the yellowish power out in order to kind of bump the dosage up myself. 

With Vyvanse I'd take one, and then bust a capsule into water so I could mirco-dose throughout the day. 

I never did any of this to get a "rush" or a "high" by any means. I hate the feeling of being over-stimulated. I would do it because the meds weren't working like I was told they would. Hell, to be honest, they still don't, but I feel like I am already in to deep. What I mean is that, continuing to take them is better than the potential withdraw effects. I usually take weekends off and by Sunday nights I can barely function.

My favorite part is that if the meds don't work, I go to the doctor, pay them, try a new med. If it doesn't work, I still have the same issues, go back to the doctor, pay them, try something else, etc.. The key is they keep getting paid regardless of if I get better. 

I kind of want to quit the medication but if I mention it to my doctor, I feel like she will try and just switch me to something else.  > They say proper ADHD medication lowers the chance of substance abuse, but I don't believe that shit for one second. 

As someone who has 122 days into sobriety from everything except my medicine, caffeine, and nicotine, my dose of Adderall was increased by double a little over a year ago.  From 30mg a day to 60mg a day.  That's when I hit my plateau and stopped enjoying other drugs.  My body had all of the dopamine that it needed so I didn't need to self medicate with other drugs to make my body feel "full" of the feel good chemicals.  

I spent 8 years straight, from 16 to 24, abusing mostly benzos, alcohol, buying extra stimulants illegally, and especially weed (yes, I was absolutely abusing it.)  After enough time with a more proper dose to treat my ADHD, I literally did not even enjoy the other drugs anymore.  I continued use for the next 10 months or so because it was just ingrained into my daily habits.

So while this is all anecdotal and YMMV, my experience was exactly what you don't believe.  When I got onto a more appropriate dose, I no longer wanted to abuse other substances.

Additionally, I experienced about 11 months of not being treated for my ADHD due to having lost my health insurance from work because I wasn't meeting the minimum requirements for hours worked per week (I was sick with bronchitis so I called out multiple times, then they dropped me from health insurance, gotta love the American health system, am I right?)  So about February 2 years ago, my work dropped me from their health plan, and at the time money was way too tight to consider alternatives.  

So, despite most of the previous 10 years of treatment, I do have a recent experience of not being treated.  And for me, that fog is a very real experience.  I could not perform anywhere close to the same level at my job that I was capable of beforehand.  I failed two out of three college courses for that semester because I literally just didn't do the work, then opted against taking another semester until I was being treated again because it would just be a waste of money.  Turning in schoolwork on time or paying bills wasn't even an option for me in my unmedicated state.

If you have the feeling that you want to quit the medication, go ahead.  You were clearly capable of turning in work on time and handling responsibilities without it, so perhaps you may not have ADHD to the extent that myself or some others experience it. > So while this is all anecdotal and YMMV, my experience was exactly what you don't believe. When I got onto a more appropriate dose, I no longer wanted to abuse other substances

See, for me, I could have a beer or two and call it quits. On the medication, once I start, I can't stop. I come home and there is a 6 pack in my fridge, I can't just drink one or two, I have to drink all 6. 12 pack? I drink until I pass out or it's all gone. 

Luckily, I only drink on the weekends, and I don't take my meds then so it's not an issue. But the meds make me feel like I need to be "on" something. Like they aren't enough, they just have merely created the itch, but can't scratch it. 

> 60mg a day

From what I have been told, that is the maximum recommended therapeutic dosage for adults. I was on it too for sometime, even then it wasn't enough. I would dip into like 70-80mg a day. No matter the dosage, it never seems like its enough. 

So, I eventually switched doctors and just dropped down to 30mg and said fuck it. I knew that I would probably start to have long-term effects if I continued at that dosage. So, now I occasionally cheat it up to 40mg, but that is my cut-off and only on days where I am pulling 12+ hours. 

The said fact is that I know I am not the only one. I had so many friends in college with ADHD that did the same thing. I had friends that were taking 100mg a day. Though they were really abusing it, for they were prescribed like 25mg a day. 

I get that they can help some people with addictions. I doubt scientist just made that up for the hell of it, but I feel like the meds can bring them out in others.

> so perhaps you may not have ADHD to the extent that myself or some others experience it.

There is no telling.  