Autoplay videos make reading articles a nightmare for people like me with ADHD! As a person who has spent the entirety of his life with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, there is one easy way to pull my attention away from ANYTHING. And that is to have a video playing somewhere within my field of view. Televisions with moving pictures always grab my attention. Sometimes I would stop mid-sentence in conversation with someone because my brain suddenly thinks that the moving images on a screen are more important than the conversation in which I'm engaged. It's not something I have a whole lot of control over, no matter how many times I've tried to prevent its occurrence. Which brings me to the bane of anybody with ADHD trying to read articles online, the explosion of the autoplay video.

What the hell has happened to the internet? Since when is advertising so important that people must be taken away from the content that a site puts in front of their eyes waiting to be read? I understand there's no such thing as a free lunch. But for people who live with ADHD, this is exceptionally petty and painful. I get frustrated every single time I sit down to read what appears to be a fascinating article only to have some video overlay itself at the bottom or top of the screen blabbing about unrelated crap. It's hard enough keeping my attention and interest in the article I'm trying to read. Having the video play on top of it just adds insult to injury. Again, I understand that content doesn't get made without some means to pay the bills and make profit. But I would think there would be better ways of doing this without alienating folks who suffer from attention deficit issues.

How do others who live with ADHD feel about this? Got any good ways to stop these horrible videos from playing in the first place? And would any media company hear us if we spoke out loudly enough? Get [uBlock Origin](https://www.ublock.org/) or another ad blocker and set your browser's plugin policy to [click to play](https://www.howtogeek.com/188059/how-to-enable-click-to-play-plugins-in-every-web-browser/).

Sites that block ad blockers don't deserve my attention. I hate the damn "recommended articles " I will be trying to do a current event for school, then all the sudden I see the side bar and I'm literally opening every recommended article in a new tab because they look interesting On mobile - Firefox is one of the best browsers that let you install uBlock.origin.  