Feel like I've got ADHD, but my parents aren't doing anything about it. I've felt I've had ADHD for a very long time, and my family knows this. I've told a few of my friends and they agree that there's a chance I have ADHD as they've seen some of the symptoms in me.  
I've taken online tests and prove positive every time, and I even show the symptoms irl and they are ruining my college life.  
I'm in a lesson listening to the teacher discuss a new important topic which we won't cover ever again when the teacher makes the comparison with a rocket and I'm thinking of ways to get to mars or some shit.  
I have homework due in 2 days but I shrug it off and carry on playing my game. The next day I remember I have homework due in but it's too early I'll just do something else until 9 when I finally remember it.  
I'll be revising when I suddenly want to listen to music on youtube and open my browser to open reddit and facebook and watch a dozen youtube videos and go down a reddit rabbit hole for the next hour when I remember my original intention was to listen to music when I realise I'm supposed to be revising and I'm having a huge stress and panic over it.  
I've voiced my concern to my parents and told them how many symptoms I and my father have but *we still do nothing about it!!!* It drives me insane because it's genuinely getting in the way of my studying and life in general. My dad has not been diagnosed with ADHD but he does show signs too, but hey it's fine lets just joke about it and shrug it to the side, the jokes have even gotten so meta where I joke about joking about joking about ADHD and I get stressed because I remember we still have done nothing about it!  
What can I do? Do I just walk to the doctors and book an appointment regarding ADHD or what??  
Thanks for any ideas or replies.   Oo this one hits close to home. I took soooo long for me to convince my mom to take me to the doctors. Everyone told her I had adhd and I expressed my struggles but nope I was just lazy and she could fix me. FINALLY I convince her to take me cuz it was junior year in high school and my grades weren’t doing any better and WOWZA I have severish adhd *shocker* i suggest perseverance and self advocacy. If that still doesn’t work u can talk directly to your doctor about it and they can probs so something if ur parents refuse. Good luck 

Edit: also meee too I was 16 when I finally got my parents to get me help and my dad definitely had undiagnosed adhd I totally feel you on so many aspects here - having someone say one thing and it turning into a string of thoughts in my head, going to just put on music and then falling down the hole and spending an hour on youtube watching irrelevant bullshit or researching something you'll never need to know, and just generally struggling to keep focused on one thought at a time. My dad also has ADHD, although his is undiagnosed too. It's a shame that your parents can see you struggling and know because you've told them, and still don't do anything about it. If you're still living with your parents, how old are you now? Thanks, this makes me feel a bit better about myself and more than just making excuses for poor attention in lesson. My grades can go up, but I always need to focus SUPER hard and not get distracted which is such a challenge for me. I'll look into going to the doctors, thank you for the reply :)  16, but I've never been to the doctors by myself so I've no idea what I'd tell them if I went. We struggle together, brother.  I would just be honest and tell your doctor what you've been feeling, that you've had trouble focusing and that you find yourself having symptoms of ADHD/ADD. Maybe give them a direct example of a time it's affected your life too. Your doctor should be understanding and should help find the correct path for managing ADHD. I was diagnosed when I was really little, like 5 years old-ish, so I don't know the exact process of what happens after a diagnosis. I understand your struggles though because I went through a lot of trouble until I was finally put on the right medication at 17. Maybe you could convince your parents to at least get you a doctor's appointment? You could probably even email or call your doctor privately too, I've done that when I've had problems I didn't want my parents knowing about. Thank you about the emailing part, I shall keep this in mind. I've only recently (past 2/3 years, my memory is bad so I don't remember before that long ago) been showing symptoms so I've not been to certain on the chances of having ADD/ADHD. But I believe (IMO) I am showing enough symptoms and am having enough trouble with it to be taking further steps. Thank you for the reply.  No problem! I hope things work out the best for you :) Thank you :)  