What do you do to help yourself find motivation and get started on tasks? For me, I try setting a timer (pomodoro works!) and clearing my desk/browser tabs.


I have 4 months of high school left and I have never had such low motivation. Hopefully we can all benefit from this discussion! I've shared the trick here before that rather than saying "I should" or "I have to" to myself, I tell myself I'm actually DOING whatever it is I need to be doing. After awhile the conflict between reality and what I'm saying just bugs me, like it makes my brain feel itchy. So i just get up and do whatever it is in order to scratch that itch. Sometimes it takes awhile, but it works every single time I've ever tried it. From there it's just setting a pomodoro timer to keep myself on task as needed. what helps me is to set different tasks to different locations. for example, if i need to finish a university project, i go to the library. if i want to read, ill sit in that corner in my favorite coffee shop. my mentality has changed from "uggghhh i have to do this task" to "get your butt to this location, you get to listen to music on the way there!"

  I work from home and I have a list of music podcasts that get a new episode every day and most of them are 1 to 2 hours. Once I start them in the morning, I don't pause/stop any of them since, for me at least, it feels discouraging to do so, so I get the small breaks only when the episodes/sets end. That's pretty much all I do and it works like 90% of the time. set contingencies and recruit other people to help enforce them.  set behavioral criteria that challenges my current level of performance, but is not unattainable, and dangle (so to speak) a super enticing carrot so that i am motivated to do something.  it's hard to be in a slump, though, my goodness. Shut off my internet until i finish the task, otherwise block all games apps or other websites if the task requires internet I've started trying to convince myself that I will enjoy things.

So, instead of thinking "Aghhhhh. I still have to [research this/write that/clean there/fix those]." I try and think more like "Oh, yeah. I could be doing _______. That'll be [fun/exciting/interesting/etc]!"  

It makes things feel less miserable and daunting, in my experience. I'll tell my self that im  basicly all sorts of negative adjectives untill i do the task... Probably not very good for me but wth.. Relative boredom threshhold- take away things like music, internet, books so that I have nothing fun to do and leave work out. Out of boredom I start doing homework and what not, much easier than forcing myself to do it Working with someone else is the ONLY sure-fire trick for me.  Working alone is next to impossible most of the time. Doesn't that mean you sorta guilt yourself into doing it? Or am I misinterpreting this?  This method worked pretty well for me in the past! I would end up doing lots of homework in the bathroom haha.  What do you use to block them?  Reminds me of a phrase from Richard Bach ("Illusions", if I recall):

"The more I want to get something done, the less it feels like work." Do you glorify the work or the reward?  Probably not good for long-term :/ I try my best to do this but I'll find entertainment in the littlest things  [deleted] Well, just usually log out of those sites, that would usually deter me cause i am lazy as shit Yeah! That's the idea behind it, really. The work. And then the reward is something I try to consider a bonus. No it definetly is not, but makes me do the task with all the energy i've got, so as long as it works i do it. Then i breakdown but i have a psychiatrst and a support thing in school and im going to try cognitive therapy so i have a back-up if it gets out of hand :) That's exactly why it works. Make a completely clear environment, get software to block distractions, turn off your phone, and you're good to go Exactly this. It's like self-induced cognitive dissonance to a more productive purpose, really. Nice, use the laziness to your benefit!  Best of luck but just know that you have tons of potential and all you need is motivation to unlock it. Don't beat yourself up too much.  Ty so much, it means a lot! People say im too hard on ny self, so it might be linked, but again ty. Best of luck with the motivation! Thank you! We got this 👍 