A really useful program that helped me manage distractions on my computer which I haven't seen on r/ADHD yet Hi all,

I was recently diagnosed but I've been using [Cold Turkey Blocker](https://getcoldturkey.com/) as an inadvertent coping method for a few years now. 

Disclaimer: I'm not paid for this in any shape or form, so if this comes off as an ad then I apologise. I just really love this program and would love to see others make use of it since I haven't seen it much around here. 

Before, I found I would get really distracted on reddit, facebook, youtube, etc. when a friend of mine recommended this airtight program. I tried and failed browser extensions since you could easily uninstall them, and they didn't do anything for programs like steam. I could manage with difficulty when I needed to read a book or something, but if I needed to use my laptop for a paper then it was impossible to get anything done.

What I love about Cold Turkey is that you can schedule blocks and breaks ahead of time (if you have a busy 2 weeks coming up, you just need to lock the schedule once and it won't let you pass the blocks until the 2 weeks are up). You can also block both sites and programs on your computer. 

It's airtight - you can try changing the system time, try using a VPN, try uninstalling it, but it will not let do anything but make the blocks more restrictive (adding more sites or extending the block time) until the schedule lock is up. 

There's a free version and a $30 paid version - which seems steep but is honestly some of the best money I've spent. As a tool in my ADHD toolbox I don't know what I'd do without it. I spent more on my meds last week.

Caveat - if your ADHD brain is anything like mine, you will still find stuff to be distracted on. Yesterday I spent 5 hours looking up reviews on Consumer Reports. YMMV but for me I would still recommend it!

Good luck! This sounds cool, does it work on phones? Would I be able to limit my daughter's access to Phone's Internet during bedtime so she's not up all night? Or is this just for PC's and Laptops? Alarmy mobile app has the same concept. It's an alarm that you can only turn off by scanning the barcode of a specific object. So for example I have it set to the barcode of a soap bottle which forces me to go to the bathroom when I wake up to turn off the alarm. It prevents you from turning off your phone, even accessing your phone, until you turn off the alarm.

I'll give this program a try it looks very promising, thanks. I love cold turkey! I've been using it since it came out I found a working Premium version crack for the latest 3.4 version of Cold Turkey Blocker. This premium version has the extra scheduling functions. PM me for info  [removed] If she's the kind of kid who would feel bad killing a cartoon tree, there's an app that's called Forest that plants a tree when you open it and if you leave the app to go to another, the tree visually dies. [This is the link](https://www.forestapp.cc/en/) I believe there are alternatives for Android but nothing as restrictive on iPhones since apple won't let the program into the OS as much. 

It does work for macs though! I bought the full version years ago, the dev deserves it for all the work he's put into over the years  That's pretty rude to say.  That sounds neat, she probably would respond really well to that too.  I'm honestly not sure what I said that was rude, could you clarify please? I know I tyes have a problem with saying things off the cuff that end up being rude, so I would appreciate it if you would. 

 I believe they meant the program Self Control which is similar to cold turkey but is only available on macs!  Did you mean the program Self Control? 

I think the person above thought you were saying you just used “self control and willpower” :P Yes, I did!! Omg. That would make so much sense. I should have clarified, I was totally not meaning to be snarky. I can totally see how that would have come across, since I didn't say that.

The program "Self Control" sounds almost identical to the one OP was describing. Thank you so much for pointing that out!! I was really beating myself up trying to figure out what I had said!! I get it now!!

Edit:Lol, and I just realized you are OP! Thanks OP!! 