I wish I didn't love Adderall as much as I do. Long story short, I've been diagnosed ADHD but have been firmly untreated for my whole life. I did not like the idea of relying on medication to feel "normal."  I still don't. But the last few weeks I have given Adderall a shot. I love it. As the title says, I wish I didn't. I wish it didn't make me feel in control of my mind. I wish it didn't make me feel hopeful about what I can accomplish with my new ability to focus. I wish it didn't fill in a gap I've felt for as long as I can remember. 

To be honest I am still torn. Or even more torn than before. I don't mind my ADHD. I don't care if I start a thousand projects without finishing. I don't mind having 200 tabs open on my browser that I never get around to reading. I like how I jump from interest to interest, learning a fair amount about many subjects that interest me. And just because Adderall solves the problem, doesn't mean the problem was "Adderall deficiency." 

My teachers and professors always wanted me medicated. Well maybe this is my ADHD tendency to defy authority speaking, but FUCK THEM! I don't need some stupid pill to fit in to your stupid system. I don't need your stupid letter grade or opinion to know if I am intelligent or not. So I don't like sitting through boring ass lectures, that's not my problem. 

Anyway, Adderall has changed it all, in a matter of days. I am more social. I am less insecure about sharing my thoughts and opinions. I feel like my ideas and passions are legitimate and worth pursuing, and I now have the focus to make it happen. Is it manufactured focus? I guess so, but maybe I don't give a fuck. Maybe I like it. Maybe this is the experience I want to have. 

EDIT: formatting.  My sister was mad when I told her I'd be willing to medicate for the rest of my life because of how big a difference it made. My response to her was that people who need glasses do the same thing except that they wear their prescription on their face. Believe me, I'd be first in line if there was a surgery to fix my brain like there is laser surgery for vision... But there's not, so I happily put on my "glasses" everyday and now I see with a clarity that I never knew was possible. No shame in that if you ask me.

-Jake You can look at it this way.  Other people naturally had that focus and drive from birth, but you were denied it until you started getting medicated.  So, it's like a leveling of the playing field; the drug makes it so that you don't have to work twice as hard as everyone else just to accomplish the same things.  There's no need to feel guilty about taking it. Without medication I can't be present for my children. 

With it, I can be.

That's the only reason I need to take it. I am incredibly thankful I can take a pill that goes a long way to help my symptoms.

Think about Autism, you can't take a pill to solve that. I am 49 years old and have never ever been medicated for ADHD. My life has gotten way out of hand lately, and if I don't make changes, things will implode beyond repair. So I am considering starting meds.

With all that being said, reading your success with Adderall has me almost weeping with anticipation. I'm so envious. I'm so sick of forgetting things. I'm so sick of bouncing around from idea to idea in less than a minute. I have so much to do. I pray my doctor puts me on Adderall or something next week. You know, I was diagnosed about two years ago and tried Adderall and Concerta. After a number of months (about ten) I found that the crashes and overall 'jones' I had in the morning really set off some warning bells. I was strong academically and I've been successful as a business person due to the ability to hyper focus, but stimulants made things much better. Anyway, I was worried about dependence and my desire to bump when I needed a productivity boost. I went to another doctor and he tested my testosterone levels and found them to be really low. I'm now in hormone replacement and no stimulants and my life is...completely changed.

tl;dr stimulant ADHS meds have addictive properties and if you feel your personality.isn't a good fit, look for alternatives This right here is the best response. I really hadn't thought about it that way. I always hated taking my meds when I was a child and when it became my choice I stopped altogether. I have come to realize just how much better my life is on my meds.  Thank you. that is how it feels. Though I wonder if the drug "suppresses" parts of my personality that could otherwise be magnified into something good. Idk So far this is how I see it. The med alone won't solve everything. Obviously. But for me I just feel like it pulls me out of the ditch, or out of the quicksand, so that I can now use my natural strengths to make actual progress. Instead of feeling like i'm fighting so hard just to get by. Still lots of personal cultivation to undergo though, imo.  So you got off of a drug that you could possibly become dependent on and have to take the rest of your life and onto a drug that you absolutely will have to take the rest of your life?

I'm not against TRT, I just don't see the logic. There have been more than a few times when I stopped taking mine because I felt normal and even stable. After awhile, things would start to go downhill again, and I realized how much they helped. After going through this cycle over and over I finally realized that I felt "normal" because of my meds, not in spite of them. I still forget some days, and sometimes I skip them intentionally to try to avoid developing a dependency, but now I know that taking them isn't an option, it's a requirement. And thank you for the compliment on my analogy. :-) 

-Jake When you find yourself in an environment where your symptoms are a bonus then go without. Until then, it's good to take a pill.

Think of it this way, the pill will help you get there. That's a valid point, but I still had the testosterone deficiency, and my addictive personality and a prescription for amphetamines.... I felt like I could have slid down a road that was more than purely therapeutic. 