Think I found the right dose of meds: Actually stayed seated and did work for 2 hours today! Is this what ntypical people experience always? As the heading says. I started taking meds two weeks ago (Vyvanse) on a very low dose (5mg the first day, then 10mg for a week, then 20mg for a week). 



Today I took 25mg for the first time. I sat down to do some work after 90 minutes or so, and I actually COMPLETED tasks. Something that I usually don't do, and as soon as it becomes tricky or I have to look something up or double check I get up and walk away or just close it and say I'll come back to it later. But I DID IT. 



About 3.5 hours after taking the meds, I noticed I started to get distracted again and realised I had 20 tabs open in my browser. I only had 2 that I needed for work when I was being productive. It was amazing. I had been worried that the pills weren't going to help me after two weeks with absolutely no change aside from dry mouth and not being hungry. I think I might be on to something. 



Thank you so much for keeping my spirits up over this time, guys. I've been posting and people have been giving advice and anecdotes. I really appreciate it. 



Finally, Holy Shit. I'm 31 years old. Is this what neurotypical people experience when they sit down to do a task? No WONDER I have felt so incompetent all my life. 

<br>

Edited to add: I took 20mg more 4 hours after my initial dose (as recommended by my Psych). I'm not noticing much of an effect, but I'm wondering if perhaps my brain needs a break after my whopping 2 hours of productivity or if I should have taken 25mg again. As I mentioned previously, taking 20mg in the morning seemed to do NOTHING previously. The extra 5mg really seemed to make the difference.  Even medicated, if your 2 hours of work was something that was mentally taxing it'll be harder to get going again, and would be even if you didn't have ADHD. Pretty typical. Note that you will still find yourself with 20 tabs open sometimes. Non ADHD people do to. I find the difference in my day between non medicated and medicated is that on days I take my meds I'm like 90% more likely to get SOMETHING done, then off. The amount of work I can do before I get burned out is pretty similar to the times off medicine that I can hyper focus and get stuff done. The difference is the days I don't take my meds I get virtually nothing done 90% of the time, but even on meds there are days I get nothing done, they are just way less common. Thanks. It seems so silly to not understand how to be productive and the processes of productivity after 31 years of life. lol 