Recently diagnosed, long read So I've been diagnosed with Adult ADHD about a month ago... So for some background I've been with my wife for 3 1/2 years now married and living together for 5 months of that. I've lived a sheltered life, living with parents and friends until we got married and moved in together... Furthermore I'm a police officer who works 12's. So I'm not sure how many of you can relate but 12 hour shifts suck, then having a job like mine just adds more stress, so when I get home I'm exhausted.

The problems I've encountered are when I get off work I'm beat, I just want to relax then go to bed, because 70% of the time my 12 hour shifts are actually 13-16 hour shifts. It's hard to explain the stress I go through at work to anyone who hasn't done it or at least ridden along.

I feel like that when I'm at work I'm on point, I deal with all kids of distractions but if I have a report to write or case to work I crank up the metal in the patrol car and it drowns out the distractions and I get work done. When I'm home it's a much different story, I get distracted very easily, don't start or finish tasks, don't listen well, and the list goes on, that list has been causing problems for me and my wife...

Aside from being a police officer I am also a tech junkie, I work in the IT field on the side doing odds and ends, so I came up with a very computer way of explaining how my brain works to my wife and while she doesn't understand what I'm going through at all she's trying to help. I told her that my brain is like an internet browser, when I leave work I close the work browser and open the home browser, and on my home page I see tasks I have to do. Well while driving I open a new page and on this page I have the guy in front of me driving slow. 
New page I have to find a radio station not playing commercials.
New page I need gas tomorrow.
New page man I need to clean my car
New page I'm home now time to get out of this uniform.
New page I really should switch duty weapons
New page I need to do laundry

So all these pages are open and as more pages open, the home page and all of the old pages close and are out of my mind... This leads to simple tasks not getting done, broken promises, and arguments...

So I sat down and tried to wrap my head around it and found some ADHD quizzes and it seemed pretty clear... I booked an appointment with a local Psychiatrist and we started treatment right away...

Thank you for sticking with me thus far btw

She started me on the run of the mill Ritalin, and worked but wasn't enough, only lasted 5 hours then I got bad headaches, next we got some Concerta and it worked like a champ but I was on edge, irritable and aggressive, now I am on week 1 of Vyvanse 40mg and it's fantastic.

So I still need help because I've been living my life like this and never had structure at home, divorced parents, lazy and manipulative friend I lived with, so now than I'm moved out on my own, and married my symptoms have been magnified 100x.

I know that these drugs are not a fix all so what can you suggest to help me make it?

How do you keep yourself organized for more than 15 minutes.

I've tried planners and schedules and I always forget to do them.

The only thing I've found to help me is on my iPhone is the reminders, but to list everything on there is a pain and hard to keep up with...

Again thank you for helping out and taking time to read this. So also reading through this sub is almost making me cry... I felt alone like there was no one else going through this like me.

I never thought ADHD could have been this bad... Could you enlist your wife's help? Sometimes having someone on hand when you are trying to get something done can keep you on task. They don't actually have to do the work, just serve as a reminder to not get distracted.  Have you tried the planners etc again whilst being medicated?

You can also do a combination, carry a little notebook where you write everything down the moment you think of it, and just set a few alarms on your Iphone that simply tell you to check your notebook.  I'm working on it... she doesn't seem to understand, and at first she just thought I was lazy and forgetful. As soon as I can I'm going to get her in a therapy session with me Yeah my doc gave me a planner when she diagnosed me and I haven't committed to it yet, and before diagnosis I tried alarms and reminders, the alarm times had to be changed or snoozed and ended up getting turned off and I never remember to turn them back on... The reminders work but I do them for a day, next day it's sporadic, and day 3 I end up clearing all the past due reminders and don't set more... 