I feel completely overwhelmed with emotion since realizing I may have ADHD I was following an endless chain of links from article to article, just filling up my browser with tabs of things I will probably never look at a second time (like ya do) and I hit one about Inattentive ADHD. And it was like a bomb went off when I read it.

My mom has a story she likes to tell about when I was six or so and I had been playing in the toy room and made a huge mess. It was only about 5pm, right before dinner, and she told me to start cleaning up. I sat there and looked at it all. She told me to clean up again. I laid down on the floor. She finally said "Either you start cleaning up or you're going straight to bed." I walked up the stairs on my own without complaint. I would rather go to bed four hours early and miss out on dinner and further playtime than do the work of trying to organize the chaos I'd created.

Except she uses it to tell people how I've always been lazy.

Looking across my childhood into my adult life, I see so much right now. And every few minutes a new flashbulb flares in my brain. So many connections that lead back here, to ADHD. And I keep crying because it's like... there might really be an answer to this? There might really be a way for me to fix this? And that idea in and of itself feels like winning the lottery.

I read the stories on here, and watched some of HowToADHD, and I fell to pieces because I see parts of myself everywhere. Parts I've never told anyone. Parts most of my friends and family don't understand. Some parts that I actively hide from them.

There's a chance, still, that this piece doesn't really fit into my puzzle. But it is looking an awful lot like it fits. And I'm excited. And I'm terrified. And I'm incredibly sad and angry somehow. But also so so hopeful.

I scheduled an appointment for two weeks from now for a consultation and hopefully evaluation in the near future.

Thanks to everyone on this subreddit for sharing your thoughts and feelings and experiences. Thank for for being an integral part of this process of self-discovery I'm going through. If this leads to some form of being able to manage my life, it's because you all helped.  Its a grieving proces for all the traume you’ve been through and also a road to acceptance. Go with the flow and take the time to heal. You’ll be fine and welcome to the club.

EDIT: traumA Thanks for sharing! If it wasn't for stories like these and people posting their own thoughts and experiences like yours on this subreddit, I would have been more hesistant to seek a diagnosis. 

I have found that a lot of people who I have talked to who were diagnosed as adults had a really similar story. You accidentally stumble across a friend who is diagnosed as an adult who is exactly like you, or run into descriptions of adult ADHD on the internet that adequately describe the disorder. For some reason it is "like a bomb goes off". Where all of the things that you thought were odd about yourself and stories about yourself seem to fit a little too well and tend to happen more often than you have ever really thought about.

For me it was a "holy shit, is that not considered normal? There is *no* way. This is literally me every hour of every day." I started reading about genetics, emotional dysregulation, addictive tendencies, disorganization, forgetfulness, hyperfocus, follow through, daydreaming/inattention, procrastination, restlessness, general time issues, general impulse control issues, and... I am pretty sure that night I cried more than the worst breakup I have ever had.

I was a 21 year old when I was finally formally diagnosed and I broke down during my last appointment of the initial diagnosis process. During the entire diagnosis process I had the "What if I am just exaggerating? What if I am just mis-remembering? What if I am just lazy? What if I am not trying hard enough? What if I am just a shitty person who can't control himself? What if I am just trying to get drugs and am lying to myself? What if my sister and mom don't actually have it?" going on in my head. There was an incredible amount of self-doubt and shame about even going to get help for me.

Getting told "You are a classic case of someone who was missed as a child" was like winning the god damn lottery in terms of emotion. Funnily enough I started to apologize to my doctor for starting to cry, only to be told "I had the same reaction when I got diagnosed halfway through medical school and I see it in many adults. It's a normal reaction!" 

Getting diagnosed allowed me to process a lot of emotional baggage that I have had that I just attributed to consistent moral and work ethic failings on my part. A lifetime of "Why do I ***always*** fuck up only to barely succeed by the skin of my teeth? Why do I always get angry so easily? Why do I get addicted to things so easily? Why do I always lose interest in relationships? Why do my emotions feel so explosive?" was answered.

Actually fixing those things has been a long road, but knowing what the problem and seeking treatment has been an incredible process for me that has turned my life around. I wish you the best of luck OP. :) I still feel a little angry sometimes when I think of how much better it could have been, if instead of telling me I “had to apply myself” my parents and teachers had brought me to get diagnosed. The only thing we can do now is give ourselves and others out there like us the love and understanding we never had. Sounds exactly similar to my situation. Angry because life could be so much different if I found out early and hopeful because things could get so much better. It's an incredible feeling to realize that everything you didn't like about yourself and have always wanted/failed to change wasn't your fault. When I first stumbled on articles like the ones you mentioned, that was the first time I ever really understood myself in life. Jessica from HowtoADHD did a Tedx Talk and it damn near made me cry, give it a watch, it's about 17 minutes

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiwZQNYlGQI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiwZQNYlGQI) I'm in the exact same boat as you right now. It's a Rollercoaster of emotions. Everyday there is new realizations about why my life was the way it was. Everything it making so much sense. Best of luck to you on your journey! Totally get it 💜  Thank you <3 > During the entire diagnosis process I had the "What if I am just exaggerating? What if I am just mis-remembering? What if I am just lazy? What if I am not trying hard enough? What if I am just a shitty person who can't control himself? What if I am just trying to get drugs and am lying to myself? What if my sister and mom don't actually have it?" going on in my head. There was an incredible amount of self-doubt and shame about even going to get help for me.

This is something else I'm really struggling with. Like I feel like I've found the key to almost everything about myself that I could never explain to anyone, but what if what if what if. And I'm scared if I'm not diagnosed then it will affirm that I really am a loser. 

Thank you for your kind words and thoughts <3 >I still feel a little angry sometimes when I think of how much better it could have been, if instead of telling me I “had to apply myself” my parents and teachers had brought me to get diagnosed.

I'm struggling hard with this feeling. "Do better! Apply yourself!" And yet no tools, no assistance, no anything to actually do that. I didn't know *how* to apply myself. I didn't know why it was so hard to start tasks or why it was so hard to finish something if I got interrupted. And I didn't know how to ask for help because I knew I must be different, but I also felt like I couldn't be any different and that I must just be making things harder for myself. > Angry because life could be so much different if I found out early and hopeful because things could get so much better

Exactly. And I'm like... I'm not ANGRY at my parents, but I'm also really angry at my parents? I know there's no way they could have known, no way they could have noticed. I wasn't hyperactive. I was a quiet loner and a daydreamer. I was intelligent and capable of achieving very high, and did so on enough occasions that that became my identity to them - the "smart one". And for them if I was smart, then me not getting (the right) things done was because I was lazy. Because, obviously, being smart I know better than to leave a project til the day it's due or go to school without any of my backpack or books, or get punished because I didn't turn something in even though I did the work to finish it. 

But I think back on countless lectures and shouting matches. "How could you forget x?" "Why don't you care? What can we do to make you care?" "You're so smart but you don't apply yourself!" "We pay for you to go to school the least you could do is hand in your homework!" I think back on feeling like more and more of a failure. Feeling like I was a fraud for ever making anyone think I was smart or talented. And I feel like they didn't try hard enough to help me. They probably didn't know how to, but they didn't really try either. They didn't work with me on organization or time management or structure. They just told me "Do better!" and gave me none of the tools.

I kind of want to be diagnosed just so I can tell them "HA! See??? See??? It wasn't me being lazy! I wasn't *choosing* to not pay attention! I wasn't being defiant or disrespectful! There was a reason I could remember tiny details in a book I read six months ago but not where I put my textbook yesterday afternoon!" Watched it, cried a lot. I feel so much less alone hearing her story. Doing things to help a boyfriend succeed and losing sight of my own life, destroying my credit, frequent job changes, feeling like I'm going sooooooo slow, and berating myself because I'm very intelligent and so everyone has always told me about my "potential" but I've never been able to access it by any choice of my own. "damn near made me cry" 

You're heartless because I lost it more than twice in that video :'). Especially at the end. Very wholesome. I watched her videos prior to that too and she really is an amazing and genuine person. Same here!!! I feel like if this isn't the answer, I have no idea what I'm going to do with myself. And I'm scared I'm going to be wrong even though it's so obvious   Have you tried just caring more? How about being less lazy? 

(That’s the advice everyone else gives, with a look like it’s actually good advice, the most obvious answer in the world, and how could you be struggling) Almost exactly the same situation lol. One thing with ADHD is the lack of emotional regulation and this was probably one of my most emotional moments in life realizing I had ADD. Honestly felt like an identity crisis. 

There are a lot of smart people who don't get diagnosed with ADD in childhood because they weren't hyperactive and still did fairly well in school by their natural ability. It was in college where it became apparent because the natural ability isn't enough if you can't apply it. I've had so many teachers/professors say things to me along the line of "You're so smart and have so much potential, if only you tried." Usually a smart kid who does well in high school but doesn't live up to their potential is just labeled as "lazy" or a "slacker." 

How old are you? I would definitely get diagnosed even if you still aren't at the school age. Medication is incredible. It changes everything once you find what works for you. 

I am a firm believer that ADHD is a blessing and a curse. Medication helps it be more of a blessing. I use to have similar thoughts to what if I could find out earlier, and I honestly wouldn't now. I learned so much from going through what I went through and had to learn for myself how to take care of myself outside of medication to be successful. It sucks not being diagnosed early definitely. However, it's a great feeling to start medication and realizing you can finally reach your potential. 

It's like if you couldn't use technology for a month. When you finally can use it again you appreciate it so much. Not being able to reach my potential for most of my life has given me a greater appreciation for what mine is.

Also, welcome to this subreddit :) Yep, I related so much to that video. I'm going through a diagnosis process right now and I'm kind of nervous it won't be ADHD because it would explain a hell of a lot. Hahaha look, I had watery eyes so I'm just going to ignore it because the tears didn't spill out......too much. She really is amazing and genuine. YESSSSSS. That was always what my mom harped on. "Why don't you *care*?!" I do care. I don't like getting bad grades or disappointing you. I want you to be proud of me and I'm sorry I can't make you proud. "Then apply yourself!" I don't know how. Same. Trying to wait for my consultation is agony. I feel so certain of this even though I never feel certain of anything. I keep telling myself not to get my hopes up in case it turns out I'm just a shitty person, but the thought of having an answer and actually being able to address the root of the problem makes me so desperately hopeful. I don't think I've wanted anything more in my life. Try not to think of yourself as just a shitty person....although I am guilty of the same. My strategy, if I don't get a diagnosis is to implement all the other non-medication options that people recommend for ADHD (exercise and meditation). The last couple of weeks I've been exercising 4 times a week (Weights + Running) and sporadically before that and my mood has increased massively. I know it's not for everyone but I think of exercise as medication for depression and ADHD and not solely for fitness. 