Day 1 - Why am I nervous? First off, I want to thank this subreddit...it's kind of crazy to think that Reddit has been the rabbit hole for my ADHD and it's saving grace. TBH, if I hadn't found this sub, I would still be banging my head on my desk at work wondering why I can't even do the simplest of tasks.


But we're here...day one. 10 mg Adderall IR was just prescribed after talking with my psychiatrist. Instructions are to take 1 in the morning for the first 3 days, then bump up to 2 doses/day. Today I woke up at 6am and have been Google searching everything I can think of about this medication....I'm kind of a little anxious on how today will compare.


Will I be able to open up an Internet browser without getting the urge to look up the Villisca Axe Murder or any other Wiki article when all I really needed was the weather forecast? Will I do my usual routine of suddenly realizing that 2, 4, 8 hours of the day have disappeared with nothing to show for it?


I know I don't want my "typical" day, so why am I so scared of what this pill may do?

Update after hour #1: I'm not noticing so much of an impact in my ability focus, but the best i can explain the feeling I have can is that I feel just like I do right before falling asleep. My guess is that I could take an amazing nap right now.

Update #2: Not sure why the downvotes, but thank you to those that provided encouragement. The tiredness effect has begun to lessen and I'm noticing myself be able to listen not only to my inner voice saying to get from one task to the next, but my listening skills with people have been amazing with treatment. Previously, I would only hear 25%-75% of what somebody said...the rest would sound like the adults in a Charles Schulz cartoon. Now I just need to hone some of this focus on the important things.

Last update: The medicine really helped for about 3 hours, but I had to supplement it with my bad habits of caffeine and nicotine. Once I had a little caffeine and nicotine I started to push through some work. With doctor's orders of only an AM pill I did see noticeable difference in my afternoon performance. I didn't become a superhuman like I thought I would, but I did well enough to complete some mundane tasks, so...progress! 

Thanks to everyone for the support! Just take it. Follow your doctor's instructions. It's normal to be a little anxious and curious. A pill isn't magic and it doesn't fix all the problems. Just do it! Because all change is scary, even good change :)  Hi. I use Ritalin. In my first run (months ago) my life was all sorts of a mess, so the effects weren't that helpful. I was really anxious and hopeful of the effects. And was pretty disappointed after not becoming a super-human, as i expected. 

In my second run (that i'm now) my life is way more organized and medication is helping a lot with focusing and getting things done.

By the way, the hours disappearing thing, i identify a lot. Was my biggest let down. However, in my first run, it kept happening, because although it was easier to focus, i kept focusing on the wrong things. This time is different, i **plug** into work and things get done easy-er. The hours still pass with me not noticing, however now i have something to show for at the end of the day.

In conclusion, follow the doctor's instructions and understand that it might need some work in terms of systems and routines to help the medication help you. I certainly needed. 
Good luck. :Googles Villisca Axe Murder: The pill definitely wasn't magic, I was mainly worried that I would become super focused and zone into unimportant things or have a negative reaction to the stimulant. If anything, it made me tired and laid back, which just further helped me see that I'm on the right path! Thanks for the encouragement! Amen. It's strange that I had a fear that I wouldn't even see an effect from medication...like a "what if I am just lazy?" kind of thing. It definitely wasn't what I'd call a miracle change, but I felt much better in staying on task! Definitely found myself getting "on task" with unimportant stuff, but my inner voice was actually able to direct my thoughts back to things that were needed! So much better than feeling like I fell down in a hole and not being able to get out because I'm stuck "looking for fossils".

Thanks for the kind words and support! Hahaha hopefully you didn't get stuck in a black hole like I did last week.... Kinda did, but as yet I don't regret it. Fascinating stuff... 