u/ADHDizzle once said "ADHD is like having 5000 tabs open in my computer browser in my brain, all at once", what he left out is that more spontaneously open whilst others are always closing  I love having a tab open on my browser for a week because it has something pretty interesting in it that I want to read, but not interesting enough for me to read it whenever I glance at the tab. Eventually I open the tab and think to myself "Why did I find this interesting?" and I'll close it without reading much of it at all. I usually don't take inventory of what it is so I'm sure at some other point, I'll read the same headline and find it interesting enough to read all the way through. Like spending half an hour digging through tabs, then as soon as you find what you were looking for, a pop up window opens for Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm-Flailing Tubemen...  It's more like you're watching tv with somebody who is constantly channel surfing, but you don't have the remote.  I say that rather than closing tabs they stay open but when checked, the tab refreshes and "ERROR 404: Page not found" pops up. Interestingly that also describes my browser. The anxiety of keeping up with what's opening and terror about what's closing is fucking killing me.  I keep so many tabs open because otherwise the idea will be lost forever. Then I realize the stress of having to remember so many different things that I'm just not getting around to is stressing me out, so every once in a while I file for "internet bankruptcy" and just close EVERYTHING and start over.

Goooodbye lost ideas. :(

I also use "incognito" as a "temp" browser for stupid google questions and other non-important things. Helps me classify, somewhat, what's actually essential and worth keeping BEFORE I go down the rabbit hole. I find that upvoting things on Reddit is a good substitute for my tab addiction. I know if I upvote a link, I can then revisit it if I want. I almost never do, but I don't have the weird sense of missing something if I upvote it. That pretty much hits the nail on the head right there Also pretty fitting that after the first 20, it doesn't really matter any more.  The worst part is when, since you have so many tabs open, your brain starts lagging out. Or if one of them is a Wikipedia page and then BAM, everything is sluggish. 

Gosh darn it Wikipedia. Things like this make me wish they would split off the ADHD-PI into it's own proper diagnosis that isn't related to ADHD.

PI is like only being able to have 1 tab open that's running heavy javascript slowing everything down, and it crashes if it gets larger than the window size (aka low working memory). And less than half of them have music and/or commercials playing but you can't find them and if you close one another one opens up later. It's never ending.  The only time i have a lot of tabs open is when browsing porn. Then when incognito crashes i'm doomed. This is exactly how I describe it You said it best,  theres no way in hell we can have 5000 thoughts going on with our working memory issues Hahaha... I don't get it, but I don't even know if I have ADHD anymore. Haven't even seen a doctor in a long time either. I hate having so many tabs open too much to click through. Just thinking about it makes me want to do nothing. Is that a thing with ADHD too many things to do makes you want to do nothing? I think I'm broken. Any one knows how to return yourself to the way we were before like a backup for a pc wish I could do that. My favourite is like when you get unexpected popups from bad links and someone starts speaking or a video starts playing (often over one another) and you're trying to figure out where it's coming from but you just end up listening to two different things in your head over and over again while thinking about something else and then something else and then something else... I definitely can relate. It is a struggle to focus on the right thing! I have all these channels of my attention. I dithering between them and it isn't always feasible to snap back to what I need to do. I can feel like I have limited control over the remote. The channels change, but it rarely converges into anything useful!

Well, as it just so happens this scattered-ness is often reflected by the growing number of tabs on my browser, which I add because I was getting distracted. To fight this, my default computer browser is surf, with no tab patch. On mobile, I've been trying Firefox Focus.

I'm thinking of making a script to wipe out everything after leaving surf, similar to Firefox Focus. I find that forcing myself to *one single viewport* really forces me to concentrate and not go "oh yeah and I wanna look at *this* and *that* and" so on for forever until it's 2am and I have things to actually do, but there buried all at tab 1 and I'm in so deep now my swap is helping carry the browser's elephantine memory footprint.

So whenever you can, I suggest making your tech just a little less convenient if it can help you to focus. And two of them are playing music, and one is playing movies that change every few minutes.  I could never have more than like 10 tabs max at once, it just wouldn't happen  Also every single tab has the most *perfect* targeted ads and you just have to go look at whatever they're trying to sell you, because, well. ADHD is like trying to watch online TV on a really shitty website. 

With no adblock. I wish my brain could lazy load tabs like Firefox I find this so interesting, I'm going to bookmark this to read it all later. When I have time.  Yes! I have found this sub for a week and ive been alot more productive to be honest Mine don't close they just keep opening up. Wikipedia is the biggest offender here. Come for fish, end up in economy per capita I do this all the time and I freak out everytime my computer shuts down and restarts spontaneously. Usually I just go to history and reopen the pages. That's when I realise how many I have open :/ Ever since I subbed here I keep reading things that hit the nail on the head perfectly. I do this all the time.  I do with this emails at work sometimes.  
  
1) I read it, notice there's something I need to do but I can't fit it in right now so I mark the email as unread.  
2) I notice the unread email a few times throughout the week and get stressed that I know there's something in it and I am just procrastinating.    
3) When I eventually open it I realise that the action is no longer relevant so I don't need to do it anymore.  
  
Obviously I don't do this with important tasks but 'time will complete this task for me' is definitely my ADHD at play. I love people in this sub. They are all like me, or I'm like them. This place gets me lol I have half a dozen open tabs on my phone as reference material for things which I'll totally get around to. I'll glance at them, go "oh yeah", then continue doing the thing I was about to do. 

Sometimes I forget what I opened the browser for and go back to the last app I had open.  Yah, and it happens too with my phone chrome, so both my lap and phone are filled with "to read or watch" tabs. I bought 16 GB of RAM specifically so that I could keep my chrome tabs open while I game just for this reason. Yesyesyes. I probably have about 50 tabs open on my computer (split between a few windows) and 100-150 open on my phone. Whyyyy There is a chrome extension I really enjoy called Pocket and I dump all my 'I wanna look at this laters' in there.. That way I dont have floating tabs open, and I don't fill up my bookmarks with BS because I need those to stay organized. Anyways, it's been helpful for me to say 'okay, save this, and don't waste time on it right now..' and honestly I haven't even opened the folder to look at any of the stuff in the 3 months since I installed it.  I have this problem daily and instead of leaving it open I save to google pocket and then more then likely forget to ever look at it again  Im terribly happy when I see the WWIAFT. Hahaha so true This is so fucking spot on it's crazy. That's painful  The worst bit for me, honestly, is every time one closes I feel it pop out of existence. I know I had a thought train that is no longer there, sometimes I can reach for it back but a lot of the time it just disappears forever and that actually does kill me inside.  I feel your pain! Your post definitely resonates with me. It IS stressful, and other people would probably find it so silly and stupid. But the thought of lost ideas, as you say, is very real for us. And I will close everything too and I'm always like nooooo on the inside a little bit before doing it. I used to hoard fashion magazines because I was afraid without them that part of me wasn't apparent and they were a symbol. But finally chucked them because it was too much clutter ya know? I do this constantly haha. I've generally got about five windows with 10-20 tabs each, then eventually I get overwhelmed or my computer starts to slow down so I just say fuck it and quit Chrome and start over. Same here! Or I save it. I've probably got thousands of saved posts that I somewhat intended to revisit but know I never will. Pretty much, beyond that it's like a giant rubber band ball of thoughts knocking around in the ol' cranium, just gotta let it do its thing.  [deleted] Use Chrome. It'll tell you which one is playing the audio. It's a struggle man :'( I'm afraid the way we were before was still ADHD as hell. Or can it appear later on in life? Like this: https://vimeo.com/67518774 Closing is an analogy for forgetting, do you not have trouble holding on to your thoughts?  I reopen the pages and they stay there until, for instance, the browser crashes a couple times/slows down and I give up on them as I rarely revisit the pages. However, even then, I almost always end up bookmarking the pages because I just can't give up on them. </3 I have an extension specifically to manage my browser sessions so that I can save them whenever I want then close the browser and come back to it another day when I'm bored... Obviously I never come back to them but that's besides the point!  Isn't it amazing how much better it can make you feel to know that there are other people that are the same way as you? I guess everyone finds comfort in it which is why about 20% of this sub is "adhd is like" Best sub ever lol Half a dozen?  Pssh.  I regularly have 30+ tabs open in my phone browser.  My laptop is even worse. to bad, Firefox is getting better at managing memory these days ;)

 Microsoft edge has that built in and its a godsent haha. But i never have time to revisit the tab i stow  Fucking this. Holy shit just... this. And it's so frustrating and infuriating and humiliating and degrading to know that no matter how hard I try, it's not coming back (disclaimer- occasionally things will trigger my memory about what it was, so, new tab opened for it again, but never when I need it to, then I go through this AGAIN). "If it was important you'd have remembered it!" can eat a dick, because I've forgotten many a very important thing because something new and shiny got my attention.  This is me trying to listen to someone talk, and I think of something clever to say but don't want to interrupt. Either I hold on to the thought by literally repeating a couple of words over and over -in which case I'm not *really* listening- or I have to let go of those thoughts, one after the other. Then when they're finished they'll go "what was it you wanted to say?" And my guess will be as good as theirs.. It's nice to find out this affects many, though this problem is just as apparent in my daily routine, starting projects and leaving them. Sometimes I have a moment of clarity and look around at all my half started projects and become irritated with myself for not being able to follow through or prioritize things.  I have to catch myself with how many I have open at a time. It's only bad when it's during the school year what with papers and projects and such. But I use Chrome so I can always mute any tabs that are playing sound (if I can find them). I wish I could do that for my brain...  No script. A website with a billion loud bullshit boondoggles can fuck off. Ad blocker and privacy badger help to cut the clutter. Websites that can't comply are consistently garbage if I peek to see what it is like without the blocking, so nowadays they lose ad revenue for being crap, but I'll happily tolerate tasteful ads if they at least try to not infect my computer.

Man, I just wish I could give some sites money so that I can avoid ads, though. I donate to Wikipedia so I can avoid ads, so in principle I'd part with a little money here and there so that Facebook would fuck off and that Google would fuck off. So does Firefox. Ah I see I didn't read it twice lol Oh god my bookmark bar is the worst, I have it organised in to about 12 different categories and they're all full of random shit that I'll never go back to lol.  That would make me too anxious! I feel somehow responsible for information I engage with, if that makes any sense at all...

I was just going through some old saved files..there is some good stuff in there! I keep a visual journal too. I find it helps to get the information out of my head. Then I forget about it :/ I use tabs outliner on chrome! It's nice to be able to close out and have peace of mind that if I want to go back, I can. And it's great for researching because it creates a little outline tree showing which pages brought you to other ones, so you can backtrack if you need to. Im not going to lie. This is true for me! I find comfort and tips on this sub to improve my quality of life :) That's with discipline. I routinely make the effort to close a bunch. The ones I have are things I deem important enough. Like the one for the cake shop I wanted to buy a cake from, that one lasted about 8 months. Or the 3 different gear reference tabs for 3 different games I'm playing. I still need to flick back to those every couple of weeks.  I feel like there's some sort of lesson there about how all these pages I saved I never really needed to look at them after all. On that note.. I gotta get back to work. 100% relate dude, you're not alone :( Omfg dude that choice is the worst, when you KNOW you have to decide between the two. I totally feel you on this.  Oh, completely the same over here. I like to write, and I've probably typed out the opening lines to about 20 short stories, 50 comedy sketches, and 300 poems. Don't really have anything that I would call finished... Definitely can make you sad when you think about it. I think this is one of the most torturous things about ADHD: all these creative urges without the follow-through ability to ever make something of them. [deleted] Lol mine also will say work stuff or like study,  bills etc and it's all whatever.   That sounds really handy, I'm gonna try to remember to download that when I fix my PC. (So basically never)  It's a great way of coping Imo, seems like a pretty healthy and constructive way of dealing with life and it's various struggles Yah I'll go and close a bunch and some will be pages that I never got around to looking at, so I don't close those.  Then I still don't look at them and pile more on.  So that's how it happens for me.... [We're not alone!](https://www.reddit.com/r/ADHD/comments/5no3ul/why_do_i_always_put_off_simple_things_that_only/dcg4tuj/) Absolutely! I feel like I'll never realize my full potential due to my inability to follow through, plan things, and think in a linear fashion. It burns me up. I have lists upon lists of ideas for inventions, scripts, and business ideas. Some of which I've even attended to start only to wake up the next day having completely forgot about my ambitions the previous day.  Fuck, you've just planted a terrible idea in my head... Post-it notes seem like such a good idea right now... But I'm having pre-emptive visions of my walls covered in my erratic, impulsive fleeting thoughts, God I hope I forget about this next time I'm in the stationary/ office supplies section.  Since you said that, you have now doomed yourself to remember this perfectly while forgetting something extremely important.  It's not pretty /: I have like three "to-do" lists roaming around my room to limit the amount of post it notes i have on my wall, but i always forget to use my "to-do" lists and instead use stickies  I almost guarantee that it's gonna be like that *sigh* 