Taking Ritalin and Lexapro for the first time, feeling slightly better so far Hi, I'm new to these forums, I'm a 21 year old with Asperger's Syndrome with depression suffering from symptoms of ADD. I've always been slow and needed extra time with things but a few years ago (age 17) I got diagnosed with ADD and started taking Strattera. I was able to focus really well on things that weren't my special interests. But I had to stop taking it because it was making me irritable which resulted in a big meltdown. 

Before Strattera I was diagnosed with depression at 12 and had been taking Zoloft up until I turned 19. I was really ambitious and passionate around these years (17-19), I was set on my goals and focused very well on them with barely any distractions. I could read a couple of 200-500 page programming books in a day and absorb everything. I could do 1 hour programming tutorials/lessons without needing breaks or spacing out in the middle of them. I'd spend at least an hour a day practicing my drawing and 3D modeling. I was excited and was incredibly focused on doing my work instead of playing games or watching TV. But then depression started to take control of me. I started feeling tired physically and mentally. I thought I was just getting older but all my peers and even people much older than me were still energetic and emotional. It has gotten to the point that I am emotionally numb and feel tired all the time.

Exercising, which is one of the few things that makes me feel alive wasn't working as much anymore to the point I started exercising less and going to the gym less because depression makes feel too tired to even try. I went from breaking my physical limits to reverting back to them. 

Nothing makes me happy, but nothing makes me sad or angry or either. I just feel nothing. Any enjoyment I get is fleeting. I ended up dropping out of college due to my lack of focus and will to go on. I've become socially withdrawn and avoid talking to people and hanging out with my friends. I lack the motivation to do anything. My dreams just don't motivate me anymore to focus on my goals. I've lost interest in all my special interests and can't seem to find new ones either. 

My attention span has gotten short to the point it takes me 3 times longer to do a lot things like write this post. Video games bore me and feel like a hassle to play so I rarely play them. Stories in shows and comics don't touch me emotionally anymore, I often find myself pausing in the middle of watching/reading them just to space out or look at something else. Watching TV which is the most passive thing I can do feels like a hassle, I use to be able to binge watch shows but after 1 episode I already feel like going to sleep. Youtube videos over 5 minutes long overwhelm me. Watching movies its even worse I lose focus of what is going on and start playing with my fingernails, whenever something funny happens everyone in the theater laughs but me, I just look blankly at the screen I know its funny but I my brain isn't registering it. Most of the time I just lie in bed listening to audio while half asleep. I avoid listening to music because since it is one of the few things I enjoy and feel alive from, I don't want to get burnt out on because I've already gotten burnt out on albums and songs I've only listen to a few times, around the 4th or 5th listen the song starts to just sound like noise to me. My web browser has at least 50 tabs of crap I convince myself that I will read/watch at some point.

It has gotten to point that I've been thinking of killing myself just to end this boredom on a daily basis. I've been reading people's post on motivating themselves by using things like fear and embarrassment but they don't work on me. "Not giving a fuck" is something I read which is advice for people who care too much/over analyze things to the point of anxiety. Well for me my brain went beyond mastering that to becoming a god. You could yell at the top of your lungs with the deepest bass voice ever verbal berating me in front of others and I'll just look at you blankly and shrug. I almost got hit by a car earlier this year and I didn't feel anything at all.

I've been trying different antidepressants for the past year but none of them work and cause me issues. My psychiatrist prescribed me two daily doses of 5mg Ritalin and 1 daily dose of 10mg Lexapro. I started taking it about 6 days ago. So far I feel slightly less tired and able to focus a little bit more. I was feeling pressure around my eyes during the first few days but it has disappeared now. I started watching Death Note and Season 3 of Mr Robot and I was actually able to get into it enough to watch at least 3 episodes straight before feeling tired or needing a break. I lil a little emotion like excitement or sadness but it goes away afterwards. I started deleting tabs to organize myself and bookmark them for later so I do want to read them I will if I actually care. I made a rule for myself to not have more than 5 tabs on my browser and I can't open a new one unless I finish the tab I'm already on and close it.

I hope the effects grow over the months, I want to be able to take control of my life again. I want to make up all the lost time and reach goals I believe I can achieve. "Willpower" alone just doesn't work on me. You don't have to answer this but is it possible that you lost touch with your high school friends and wasn't able to replace them with good friends from your adult life (college/work)? 

I'm wondering if maybe your depression stems from loneliness. Sometimes just being in the presence of people who feel like friends regularly for a good portion of the day can make a world of a difference. Maybe you used to have more of that quality time with friends/family?

I was severely depressed a year ago and it turns out my depression was mostly caused by loneliness. I have a best friend now who I spend lots of quality time with and it's made all the difference for me.

People with ASD get lonely too and need friends too. In fact sometimes it sucks because they often don't make/keep friends as easily as NTs and yet they need human connection just as much. I never had that many friends to begin with and they went to different colleges/high schools. Only until about 16 would I say I truly had friends. I have never been invited to a house/party that wasn't by family up until that point. Just having acquaintances should at least fill any loneliness I get. I only have about 3 people I'd considered friends because I've actually been inside their homes and tell them things I wouldn't tell anyone else.

Although I have been hanging out with my cousins a lot lately this year. We're close enough that we think of each other as brothers and I have a 6 year old cousin I enjoy babysitting. But I still have this empty void in me. I don't have that sadness of missing them when I have to go home or the excitement of seeing them like before. 