Always on Google Calendar Anyone know of a device beyond a dedicated computer with display always on, that could keep google calendar always on the screen and the screen always on? I really need a way to merge the physical and digital. I’m struggling in part because I can’t just see my calendar up in front of me all the time. I really want a way to have it on the wall in a central location.

I saw some diy projects, but I need a complete product. I can’t start another project I won’t finish. Or I need to pay someone. I don’t care. 

Has anyone spotted a device like this? Don't know about a separate monitor, but you can pin tabs to stay always open in most browsers these days (in Chrome, right-click the tab and pin it). I always leave my browser open, with my Calendar as the pinned tab.

You could also set Google Calendar as your homepage.

The nice part about this setup is that if you have Chrome giving you reminders, it will always do so, even if the browser is just running in the background.

If you must absolutely have it visible at all times, my other suggestion (though I haven't tried this) would be to see if you can pick up a cheap tablet that can run Google Calendar (maybe the Kindle Fire? idk) and set it up plugged in/on a stand. Basically a second monitor but smaller and cheaper. Not sure if you can have the display always on. I don't have a tablet. i use google spreadsheets like crazy. i have a working knowledge on how they work though, so they bring a semblance of order to my chaos.

i have neon colored posterboards all over the wall with so much stuff written on them it looks farcical. 


edit after my first comment where i didnt really pay attention to op, sorry: this is what i envision VR (virtual reality) will be like with a simple headgear, and using that swipe the air motion moving sheets around. they probably already have this for VR, but yeah i can imagine i 50 inch touch screen that would work for ya, with voice thing like alexa. im suprised this isnt common yet, though diy types can do it.

anyway, cool thx for testing my mind to think for a bit

no new projects till you finish the 800 of them you already started! The diy is The only thing I know of. Take a tv and a raspberry pi and you can do this. I understand the struggle but if you go to a computer repair shop maybe they can build one for you.  If you're an Android user, just put the GC widget on your home screen. That's what I do, anyway. No device, but a bullet journal is a great companion to my google calender because it gives me the freedom I need. Also, I just got the echo dot and its great. If I have an idea or need to set a reminder or appointment or anything really and my journal is out of reach or I am too anxious to actually schedule it myself, I can just tell Alexa and she will do it! It connects to my google calender and takes the anxiety out of it for me and helps to keep me on track as long as I can make this a habit. So I guess in sense maybe Alexa is ur always on Google calender because u can ask her anytime about ur calender and put in reminders etc whenever u want.

ALSO side note, Alexa has a really cool skill called get up which is great for adhd ppl who cant get out of bed, like myself. You just say Alexa, get me up! And she will nag you in a really funny and creative way that makes you want to get up. This is a great idea!! I’m going to use the iPad for this!  