Small, helpful thing I've been trying lately I've been studying web development on Free Code Camp. It's got a lot of great resources, but since it's all browser-based, I find myself getting distracted a lot. Sometimes it's very unproductive things like reddit posts, but I also occasionally open a new tab to look up info related to the lesson I'm working on. Even when it's useful, I still fall into the trap of losing focus on the main exercise. 

What I've been doing to help this is using two browser windows. One window has only the exercise I'm currently working on, and the other window has all of the distractions. The productive one has to stay at full screen. Then, I set a timer for 10-20 minutes and try to do as much of the challenge as I can. Afterwards, I get a break and can look at one of the posts I planned on reading. This is obviously based on the Pomodoro technique, but I find keeping the distractions in a separate, hidden window the thing that helps the most. Otherwise, I would sub-consciously click on the other tabs.  I've set up a dual monitor system in my office. I have my main 24 inch monitor where my work is running, and a smaller 17 inch monitor off to the side purely for anything not work task related such as spotify, Facebook, YouTube, email etc.

When I'm finding myself too stuck in and distracted at the smaller monitor, I just switch it off. And it will come on again once my task is done. I used to find myself browsing reddit too much at work.  
  
I recently created a Windows application that reads the window title of your currently focused application.  If it finds a match it provides an always-on-top dialog with a customized message.  I have a rule set up to look for "reddit: the front page of the internet" so when I go to reddit I get a popup.  I use chrome so it changes the title of chrome to the currently active tab's title.  
  
I only want to browse reddit on my lunch break so this helps remind me that I probably shouldn't be browsing unless it's lunch.  
  
If you would like to check it out here's the [link](https://www.dropbox.com/s/7srcbvrl46kxn3n/ApplicationTitleAlerts.zip?dl=0). I like it, simple idea. I'm not in need of the timer as it stands, however separate windows has helped. Normally I close work tabs when I'm bored because I don't like the added clutter, consequence being I forget about it till it's way past due. however the extra window is fine for me, and I'm actually doing the work as well. I've found the only way I can concentrate in class is if I don't bring my laptop at all. I tried just putting the main window I'm working on on full-screen but I would inevitably end up clicking out of it, most of the time without even realizing I was doing it Hey, I've been studying FCC too! How far along are you? Thanks! I'll definitely check it out.  Oh, I'm the same. When I was in college, I couldn't bring my either. I had to come I up with this for the self-study course I'm doing. It's something free that I'm doing on my own and is only online, so I have to use my computer.  